Kristin Hedstrom (born May 14, 1986 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American rower. Growing up in Concord, Massachusetts, she attended Concord-Carlisle High School until her graduation in 2004. She then attended the University of Wisconsin, where she graduated in 2008 with a degree in Business Management. She currently resides in Oakland, California where she was affiliated with the California Rowing Club. She is now a personal trainer who works one-on-one with rowers around the country.
Rowing career
Hedstrom began rowing during her first year of high school on a club team called Community Rowing, Inc. She continued her rowing career at the University of Wisconsin, where she was a member of the lightweight eight that won gold in the 2006 and 2008 Intercollegiate Rowing Association Championship as well as gold in the 2006, 2007, and 2008 Eastern Sprints. She is a six-time USRowing national team member (2007–08, Under 23; 2009–12, Senior). After college, Hedstrom won gold in the lightweight double sculls and lightweight quadruple sculls at the 2009 USRowing National Championships, won the lightweight single sculls at the 2009 Head of the Charles Regatta, and won gold in the lightweight single sculls and lightweight double sculls at the 2010 USRowing National Championships. She competed in the lightweight double sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics with team-mate Julie Nichols.
References
External links
www.kristinhedstrom.com
Kristin Hedstrom's website
Kristin Hedstrom's Rowing Workouts
1986 births
Living people
People from Concord, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of the United States
American female rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for the United States
Concord-Carlisle High School alumni
Wisconsin School of Business alumni
21st-century American women
The 2011–12 Long Beach State 49ers men's basketball team represented California State University, Long Beach during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The 49ers, led by fifth year head coach Dan Monson, played their home games at Walter Pyramid and are members of the Big West Conference. They finished the season 25–9, 15–1 in Big West play to be crowned regular season champions. They were also champions of the Big West Basketball Tournament to earn the conference's automatic bid into the 2012 NCAA tournament where they lost in the second round to New Mexico. The 49ers were the only Los Angeles-area college basketball team to make the tournament that year.
James Ennis played his freshman season at Oxnard College, a junior college in Oxnard, California, and his sophomore season at Ventura College, a junior college in Ventura, California. In 2011, he signed with Long Beach State, where he became a two-year starter. As a junior, Ennis averaged 10 points and 4.1 rebounds per game and helped lead the 49ers to Big West Conference regular season and conference titles. Ennis was named honorable mention all-conference at the close of the season.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9| 2012 Big West Conference men's basketball tournament
|-
!colspan=9| 2012 NCAA tournament
References
Long Beach State Beach men's basketball seasons
Long Beach
Long Beach
The () or volaille de Bresse is a French chicken product which has appellation d'origine contrôlée status, and which was registered as a Protected Designation of Origin under EU and UK law as Volaille de Bresse / Poulet de Bresse / Poularde de Bresse / Chapon de Bresse. It may be produced only from white chickens of the Bresse Gauloise breed raised within a legallydefined area of the historic region and former province of Bresse, in eastern France.
History
The chickens of the Bresse region have long enjoyed a high reputation. The lawyer, politician, epicure and gastronome Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin (1755–1826), who was born at Belley in the Ain, is supposed to have described the Bresse chicken as "the queen of poultry, the poultry of kings". The name Volaille de Bresse, used for both chicken products and for the dinde de Bresse, the turkey of the area, received legal protection on 22 December 1936; this became an appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) in 1957. Today the poulet de Bresse has the reputation of being the best quality table chicken in the world. The chef Georges Blanc, who is from Bourg-en-Bresse, has been president of the Comité Interprofessionnel de la Volaille de Bresse, the association which oversees the product, since 1986. Alan Davidson described the poulet de Bresse as the "aristocrat of modern table poultry", and Heston Blumenthal selected it for one of the dishes in his book In Search of Perfection.
Production
Poulet de Bresse may be produced only from white chickens (the Bresse de Bény variety) of the Bresse breed, raised within a legally defined area of the historic region and former province of Bresse, in eastern France. The area is roughly rectangular, approximately by , and includes parts of the départements of Ain, Jura and Saône-et-Loire, in the regions of Rhône-Alpes, Franche-Comté and Bourgogne respectively. It lies mainly between the towns of Mâcon, Chalon-sur-Saône, Dole and Lons-le-Saunier; Bourg-en-Bresse is within the area. Lyon is not far to the south, and Dijon not far to the north.
Approximately 1.2 million poulet de Bresse birds are produced each year, about 0.1% of the total annual production of chickens in France; about 10% are exported. The chickens are raised under strict controls. There are about 200 breeders; each must have a minimum of 0.5 ha of pasture in the area of production, and allow a minimum of 10 m2 per bird. Each bird must pass inspection by the Centre de Sélection de la Volaille de Bresse, the only breeding centre for the Bresse chicken.
The birds are kept free range for at least four months. From about 35 days they are fed cereals and dairy products; the diet is intentionally kept low in protein so that the birds will forage for insects. They are then "finished" in an épinette, a cage in a darkened fattening shed, where they are intensively fed on maize and milk. Poulets or pullets are fattened for two weeks, and slaughtered at a minimum age of four months and a minimum weight of ; poulardes or large hens are fattened for four weeks and slaughtered at five months, when they weigh at least ; chapons or capons are also fattened for four weeks, and are slaughtered at eight months or more, at a minimum weight of .
The birds are marketed with the head and characteristic slate-blue legs, traditionally a sign of authenticity. The left leg carries a metal leg-ring with the name of the producer.
Poulet de Bresse commands premium prices. In 2002 producers of poulet de Bresse received an average of €4.00 per kg (whole chicken, ready to cook); comparable prices received by producers of organic and standard chickens were €2.70 and €1.60 respectively. Retail prices are much higher; a price of £19.50 per kg was reported from London in 2011.
References
Chicken as food
Food and drink in France
Cuisine of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Franche-Comté
Cuisine of Lyon
French products with protected designation of origin
The Journal of William Maclay is a published version of a diary kept by William Maclay during his tenure as a United States Senator representing Pennsylvania, a position in which he served from 1789 to 1791. Maclay began keeping the diary within two months of taking office and kept it almost daily during the 1st United States Congress. It is one of few accounts of the early United States Senate; sessions would not become open to the public until 1795.
Composition and publication
William Maclay, shortly after being elected by the Pennsylvania Legislature to the U.S. Senate, began to keep a diary of daily Senate proceedings for personal reference; it was not uncommon at the time for Senators to keep personal records of floor proceedings. In the diary, which he kept in the evenings, Maclay opined about his colleagues and commented on various issues of pertinence during the period. It is speculated by some Senate historians that the original incitation for the diary's creation was his somewhat uneasy relationship with the first Vice-President of the United States and President of the Senate John Adams; the two differed sharply on many political issues.
A nephew of Maclay, George Washington Harris, is responsible for the diary's initial publication after discovering three volumes after Maclay's death. For the next two decades, Harris unsuccessfully sought congressional support for publication of the diary, convinced it should be printed at public expense. Harris later published the diaries, with parts omitted, albeit on his own.
An unabridged edition of the diary edited by Edgar Maclay, a distant cousin of the author, was eventually published in 1890 by D. Appleton & Company. Edgar Maclay, in the preface to the edition, criticized the previous, abridged edition. He believed the earlier version, because of its "expurgated" nature, was of diminished value. The diary is also included in The Diary of William Maclay and Other Notes on Senate Debates, published in 1988 as part of the Documentary History of the First Federal Congress by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
To ensure the diary's contents would be available in the Library of Congress, the United States Congress ultimately purchased the original manuscript from Maclay's descendants in 1941 for .
References
External links
Online text of the Journal of William Maclay (unabridged ed., 1890)
Online text of the Journal of William Maclay (abridged ed., 1880)
Journal of William Maclay at the Internet Archive
1880 non-fiction books
1890 non-fiction books
Diaries
History of the United States Congress
United States Senate
1780s in the United States
1790s in the United States
D. Appleton & Company books
Maclay family
Victoria L. Schade (born December 31, 1970) was a Republican member of the Maryland House of Delegates, District 31 in Anne Arundel County.
Background
Delegate Schade was first elected to the Maryland House of Delegates in January 1995 to represent District 31 in Anne Arundel County, which covers the northern part of the county, including Glen Burnie. She only served 1 term before being defeated in the 1998 general election by Mary Russo.
Education
Delegate Schade graduated from Chesapeake High School in Pasadena, Maryland. After high school she attended the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, better known as UMBC, where she graduated cum laude with her bachelor's degrees in political science and economics in 1991.
Career
Delegate Schade had a short-lived career in the Maryland House of Delegates. The only committee she served on was the Economic Matters Committee. Prior to being elected she was a collection representative for Baltimore Gas & Electric.
Since getting voted out of the House, she has served as a legislative liaison to the Department of the Environment. She is a former legislative assistant. In 1992, she was the coordinator for District 31 for the Bush/Quayle campaign. She has been a member of the North County Republican Club and the Republican Professional Women's club since 1992.
Election results
1998 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – District 31
Voters to choose three:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Name
!Votes
!Percent
!Outcome
|-
|-
|John R. Leopold, Rep.
|21,632
| 23%
| Won
|-
|-
|Joan Cadden, Dem.
|19,214
| 20%
| Won
|-
|-
|Mary Rosso, Dem.
|15,372
| 16%
| Won
|-
|-
|Victoria L. Schade, Rep.
|15,366
| 16%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Robert Schaeffer, Rep.
|12,092
| 14%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Thomas J. Fleckenstein, Dem.
|11,862
| 12%
| Lost
|-
|}
1994 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – District 31
Voters to choose three:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Name
!Votes
!Percent
!Outcome
|-
|-
|John R. Leopold, Rep.
|19,960
| 24%
| Won
|-
|-
|Joan Cadden, Dem.
|16,492
| 20%
| Won
|-
|-
|Victoria L. Schade, Rep.
|14,801
| 18%
| Won
|-
|-
|W. Ray Huff, Dem.
|14,203
| 17%
| Lost
|-
|-
|C. Stokes Kolodziejski, Dem.
|13,176
| 16%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Douglas Arnold, Rep.
|3,586
| 4%
| Lost
|-
|}
References and notes
External links
http://www.msa.md.gov/msa/mdmanual/06hse/former/html/msa12304.html
1970 births
Living people
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
People from Baltimore County, Maryland
People from Pasadena, Maryland
University of Maryland, Baltimore County alumni
Women state legislators in Maryland
Maryland Republicans
21st-century American women
Krachi District is a former district that was located in Volta Region (now currently in Oti Region), Ghana. Originally created as an ordinary district assembly on 10 March 1989. However, on 4 August 2004, it was split off into two new districts: Krachi West District (capital: Kete Krachi) and Krachi East District (which it was elevated to municipal district assembly status on 15 March 2018; capital: Dambai). The district assembly was located in the northern part of Volta Region and had Kete Krachi as its capital town.
References
2003 disestablishments in Ghana
Former districts of Ghana
States and territories disestablished in 2003
Mungaul is a small village in Jagdishpur block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 504, in 94 households. It is located east of the city of Jagdishpur.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Hupa is a Native American people in northwestern California (including the Federally recognized Hoopa Valley Tribe).
Hupa or Hoopa can refer to:
Hupa language, the Athabaskan language of the Hupa people
Hupa traditional narratives
, a United States Navy ship
Hoopa, California, an unincorporated community Humboldt County, California, U.S.
Hoopa Airport, a public airport in Humboldt County, California, U.S.
Hoopa Valley, a valley along the Trinity River in northern California
Trinity River (California), a major river in northwest California natively called "Hoopa" or "Hupa"
Hoopa (Pokémon), a fictional species of Mythical Pokémon in the Pokémon series
See also
Chuppah, a wedding canopy in Judaism
Hoopla (disambiguation)
Saint Felix of Girona () (died 304) is a Catalan saint. He was martyred at Girona after traveling from Carthage with Saint Cucuphas to Spain as a missionary.
Felix was born in Scillium. His feast day is celebrated on 1 August.
References
Catalan Roman Catholic saints
Saints from Hispania
Province of Girona
304 deaths
4th-century Christian martyrs
4th-century Romans
Year of birth unknown
The Finnish Social Democratic Journalists' Union (, SSSL) is a trade union representing journalists in Finland.
The union was founded in 1907 in Tampere, by journalists working for publications of the Social Democratic Party of Finland. Its first president was Kaapo Murros, and in 1911, he was succeeded by Kullervo Manner.
The union affiliated to the Finnish Trade Union Federation, then from 1931 to 1958 to the Finnish Federation of Trade Unions, to a new Finnish Trade Union Federation from 1960, and finally, since 1969, has been affiliated to the Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions.
The union celebrated its hundredth anniversary in 2007. It remains a small organisation, and as of 2020, had 271 members.
External links
References
Journalists' trade unions
Trade unions established in 1907
Trade unions in Finland
This is a list of the main mosques in Albania.
Mosques
740 mosques were destroyed by communist authorities in 1967 when state atheism was first introduced in the country.
See also
Islam in Albania
References
Mosques
Albania
Mosques
Trondheim Voices (established 2001 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian vocal group, best known for their improvised performances in the jazz genre.
Biography
Trondheim Voices started out as a Christmas Concert, initiated by Midtnorsk Jazzsenter (MNJ) in 2001, and subsequently developed into a permanent group with a consistent vocal ensemble and a specially made repertoire.
The state supported ensemble has had up to fifteen singers. Today the ensemble counts eight to nine singers, and both crew and artistic directors vary from project to project. Among others Live Maria Roggen, Eldbjørg Raknes, and Tone Åse have had artistic directory for projects together with «Cirka Teater».
Trondheim Voices is a department of high priority at MNJ (Midtnorsk Jazzsenter), with Tone Åse as artistic leader.
At «Trondheim Kammermusikkfestival» 2004, they performed compositions by Live Marie Roggen and Eldbjørg Raknes (broadcast by NRK P2). They appeared at Moldejazz 2003, and again in 2006 in the production Norwegian Sanctus by Terje Bjørklund,
interacting with Trondheim Soloists, Arve Henriksen and Stian Westerhus. They premiered the show «Bingo» at «Olavsfestdagene» 2008, with lyrics by Siri Gjære and music by Elin Rosseland, Ståle Storløkken and Live Maria Roggen. In 2010 they released their first album.
The pianist and composer Jon Balke wrote a commissioned piece for the vocal improvisation ensemble Trondheim Voices and the percussion group Batagraf, performed at the Moldejazz 2011.
Band members
Present members
Tone Åse
Heidi Skjerve
Ingrid Lode
Siri Gjære
Kirsti Huke
Sissel Vera Pettersen
Live Maria Roggen
Anita Kaasbøll
Torunn Sævik
Silje Karlsen (understudy)
Past members
Eldbjørg Raknes
Solveig Slettahjell
Julie Dahle Aagård
Benedicte Swendgaard
Mirella Pendolin
Marita Røstad
Siri Gellein
Helene Dybdahl
Discography
Improvoicing (CD Midt-Norsk Jazzsenter, 2010). Musikk fra oppsetningen Bingo i 2008, samt Moldejazz-oppsetningen Improvoicing med Jon Balke og Marilyn Mazur i 2009. Besetningen er Tone Åse, Heidi Skjerve, Ingrid Lode, Siri Gjære, Kirsti Huke, Sissel Vera Pettersen, Live Maria Roggen, Anita Kaasbøll og Silje Karlsen.
References
External links
Norwegian jazz singers
Musical groups established in 2001
2001 establishments in Norway
Musical groups from Trondheim
The North Carolina Fund was a series of experimental programs conceived at the request of North Carolina governor Terry Sanford, who was aided by writer John Ehle. Its director, George Esser, was appointed in 1963. It was created as a non-profit corporation to operate for five years only, with a mandate to create experimental projects in education, health, job training, housing, and community development.
During the summers of 1964 and 1965, the North Carolina Volunteers Program created teams of African-American and white college students to work together and show that communities could be stronger if their members reached across lines of race and class to solve problems of poverty. At the core, its aims were to lessen minority poverty all across North Carolina and to further the cause of civil rights.
Also by example, the North Carolina Fund served as a model and catalyst for such national programs as Head Start, VISTA, and the Community Action movement.
Creation
Feeling that his education program had spent most of his political capital in the legislature, North Carolina Governor Terry Sanford began seeking private support to fund anti-poverty efforts in the state. While traveling across the state to promote his education plan, Sanford came to be of the belief that much of the poverty in North Carolina was due to racial discrimination and the lack of economic opportunity for blacks. He thus concluded that any anti-poverty plan he created would have to address economic problems for both blacks and whites. In the summer of 1962 he met John Ehle, a novelist and professor whom he quickly took on as an adviser on public policy. With Ehle he met with leaders of the Ford Foundation, a private philanthropic organization, and discussed a variety of issues with them, including anti-poverty efforts. He also established contact with George Esser, an academic at UNC-Chapel Hill's Institute of Government, to ask him for potential uses of Ford Foundation funds in combating poverty. Sanford's aides organized a three-day tour of North Carolina in January 1963 for Ford Foundation leaders to convince them to fund an anti-poverty project. Sanford's attempts to devise a plan became increasingly urgent over the following months, as civil rights activists intensified their calls for racial equality and the prospects of a white backlash grew. He worked to secure the support of the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation and the Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation, two smaller North Carolina philanthropic organizations, to bolster proposed grants from the Ford Foundation, and tapped the advice of John H. Wheeler, leader of the black business community in Durham. He also invited officials from the U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare to come to North Carolina to work on coordinating federal efforts with the state project.
In July 1963 the Ford Foundation committed $7 million to support an anti-poverty project in North Carolina. With additional grants from the other foundations, on July 18 Sanford, Wheeler, Charlie Babcock (a board member of the Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation), and C. A. McKnight (the editor of The Charlotte Observer) incorporated the North Carolina Fund. Its goals were to fight poverty and promote racial equality across the state. Since the North Carolina Fund was backed by private organizations and not financed by the state, it could be more flexible in addressing social issues while also avoiding political opposition from segregationists. Sanford was made chairman of the Fund's board. He publicly announced its creation at a press conference on September 30, garnering a positive reception from state newspapers. The organisation had a racially integrated staff—which was unusual at the time—and consulted the local residents it aimed to assist.
Operations
The Fund launched a program that utilized team teaching and provided for teacher aides, which was studied by President Lyndon B. Johnson's administration and used as a model for Head Start. The Fund also supported eleven additional anti-poverty programs under another initiative which included the establishment of day care facilities and job training courses. These were also evaluated by the Johnson administration when it developed its "War on Poverty" programs. Sanford himself was disappointed by Johnson's War on Poverty and the agency responsible for it, the Office of Economic Opportunity, and told federal officials that the goal of their effort should not be to eliminate poverty—which Sanford thought impossible—as much as it should be to reduce the "causes of poverty." Johnson administration officials considered placing Sanford in charge of the office.
One of the North Carolina Fund's prominent programs was Operation Breakthrough (Durham, North Carolina), an organization in Durham.
The Fund ceased operations in 1969.
References
Works cited
External links
Robert Korstad and James Leloudis, To Right These Wrongs: The North Carolina Fund and the Battle to End Poverty and Inequality in the 1960s America (University of North Carolina Press, 2010) website
Finding Aid to the North Carolina Fund Records, 1963-1969, in the Southern Historical Collection, UNC-Chapel Hill
Index to the North Carolina Fund Clipping Files covers the years 1963-1969, in the North Carolina Collection, UNC-Chapel Hill
Finding Aid: Billy E. Barnes Photographic Collection, 1959-1996, in the North Carolina Collection Photographic Archives, UNC-Chapel Hill
Information about the North Carolina Fund
Organizations based in North Carolina
Government of North Carolina
Macropodia falcifera, the Cape long-legged spider crab, is a species of marine crab found around the South African coast. It is a member of the family Inachidae.
Distribution
The Cape long-legged spider crab is found from 15 to at least 35 m underwater, from the Cape Peninsula to East London. It is endemic to this region.
Description
This crab has a small, arrowhead-shaped body, which may be 20 mm in height, and long, spindly legs, which may grow to in length. Its pincers are considerably sturdier than its legs and are tipped with white claws. The body is pinkish or reddish, and the legs and pincers are usually a darker red.
Ecology
The animals often decorate themselves with hydroids or algae, and are often found on sea fans.
References
Majoidea
Crustaceans described in 1857
Franciszek Jarecki (born September 7, 1931 – died October 24, 2010) was a pilot in the Polish Air Force, who became famous in early 1953 when he escaped Soviet-controlled Poland in a Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15 jet, one of the best Soviet planes at that time.
Early life
Jarecki was born in 1931 in Gdów, a town near Kraków. His family soon moved to Stanisławów, where his father died in 1939, and in 1945 was deported by the Soviets to Bytom, Upper Silesia. He was a graduate of a prestigious Polish Air Force Academy in Dęblin. Some time in the early 1950s, he was moved to Słupsk in northern Poland, near the Baltic Sea. There he flew MiG-15s as a few of them were operated by the Polish Air Force.
Defection
On the morning of March 5, 1953 (coincidentally, the day of Joseph Stalin's death), Jarecki escaped Poland in a MiG-15. The decision was a very risky one, as the People's Army of Poland had previously shot those who tried to escape. For example, Edward Pytko, an instructor at Dęblin, tried to escape to West Germany in 1952, but was stopped by Soviet aircraft over East Germany and handed back to the Poles; Pytko was charged with high treason and executed.
Jarecki flew from Słupsk to the field airport at Rønne on the Danish island of Bornholm, where Jarecki landed, wheels intact. The whole trip took him only a few minutes. There, specialists from the United States, called by Danish authorities, thoroughly checked the plane. According to international regulations, they returned it by ship to Poland a few weeks later.
Jarecki remained in the West. From Denmark, he moved to London, where General Władysław Anders awarded him the Cross of Merit, and then to the United States, where he provided crucial information about modern Soviet aircraft and air tactics. Among those who shook his hand was President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Jarecki received a $50,000 prize for the person who was first to present a MiG-15 to the Americans and became a U.S. citizen.
A few months later, another Polish pilot, Zdzisław Jażwinski, escaped with a MiG-15 to Bornholm. Three years later, four students of Dęblin's school escaped in two Yakovlev Yak-18 planes, crossing Czechoslovakia to land near Vienna in neutral Austria. The leaflets used in Operation Moolah during the Korean War carried a photo of Jarecki.
Later life
After some time in London, England, Jarecki moved to the United States, living in Pennsylvania until his death on October 24, 2010. He achieved a college degree at Alliance College, and went into business, owning a factory in Fairview, Pennsylvania, called Jarecki Valves, and Commodore Downs a local horse racing track. The uniform in which he escaped can be seen at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C. In 2006, Polish TV Station TVN made a film, Jarecki, which is part of the "Great Escapes" series. The series shows stories about Poles who escaped the country between 1944–1989 and chose freedom in the West.
See also
List of Cold War pilot defections
List of Eastern Bloc defectors
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20071116210930/http://www.military-heat.com/46/black-ops-american-pilots-flying-russian-aircraft-cold-war/
1931 births
2010 deaths
People from Wieliczka County
Polish aviators
Polish emigrants to the United States
Polish defectors
Defectors to the United States
Polish Air Force officers
Polish People's Army personnel
The 1939 New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership was the thirty-second season of Sydney's top-level rugby league club competition, Australia's first. Eight teams from across the city contested the premiership during the season, which lasted from April until September and culminated in Balmain's victory over South Sydney in the final.
Season summary
This was to be the St. George club's final season at Earl Park, Arncliffe, the following season moving back to Hurstville Oval.
Teams
Balmain, formed on January 23, 1908, at Balmain Town Hall
Canterbury-Bankstown
Eastern Suburbs, formed on January 24, 1908, at Paddington Town Hall
Newtown, formed on January 14, 1908
North Sydney, formed on February 7, 1908
South Sydney, formed on January 17, 1908, at Redfern Town Hall
St. George, formed on November 8, 1920, at Kogarah School of Arts
Western Suburbs, formed on February 4, 1908
Ladder
Finals
In the two semi finals, minor premiers Balmain narrowly defeated Canterbury whilst fourth-placed South Sydney beat second-placed St. George.
Premiership Final
The decider was played on the weekend when the world's future altered dramatically with the invasion of Poland by Germany leading to England, Australia and the world going to war.
The match was played at the Sydney Cricket Ground and refereed by George Bishop in front of 26,972. The game was tight in the first half with the Tigers scoring one try to lead 7–2 at the break.
In the second-half Balmain ran away with it, scoring six further tries to South Sydney's none for a crushing seventh premiership title and the Tigers' first since 1924. Star Balmain players of the time included Sid Goodwin, Frank Hyde, Tom Bourke, Athol Smith, Billy Bischoff, George Watt and Jim Quealey.
Balmain 33 (Tries: Tom Bourke 2, Frank Hyde, J. Redman, Jim Quealey, D. Buckley, A. Smith. Goals: H. Day 5, W. Johnson )
defeated
South Sydney 4 (Fred Felsch 2 goals)
References
External links
Rugby League Tables - Notes AFL Tables
Rugby League Tables - Season 1939 AFL Tables
Premiership History and Statistics RL1908
Results: 1931-40 at rabbitohs.com.au
New South Wales Rugby League premiership
Nswrfl season
The 2020 United States presidential election in Nevada was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Nevada voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Nevada has six votes in the Electoral College.
Throughout the campaign, polls of the state generally showed a Biden lead, albeit with a sometimes slender margin. Prior to polling day, most news organizations considered that Nevada was leaning towards Biden.
Biden carried Nevada by 2.39%, a slightly smaller margin than Hillary Clinton's 2.42% in 2016, making it one of just seven states in which Trump improved on his 2016 margin. Biden's somewhat narrow victory in Nevada also makes it his weakest victory in a state that Hillary Clinton had won in 2016, as well as the only one that was decided by less than a 7.1% margin of victory. Most counties in the state of Nevada are rural, and voted heavily for Trump. However, Biden won the two most populous counties, Clark and Washoe, which make up almost 89% of Nevada's population and are decisive in deciding the winner of the state. Biden also won Washoe County by a wider margin than Clinton. The state's three largest cities are also located in these counties: Las Vegas and Henderson in the former, and Reno in the latter. His strength in these areas was likely due to high presence of minority and union voters: Biden's strength came from heavy turnout among culinary unions in populous Clark County, anchored by Las Vegas. Biden had the backing of Culinary Union Local 226, based on right-to-work standards. Additionally, Biden was able to win about 43% and 34% of votes in the tourism-heavy Lake Tahoe areas of Carson City and Douglas County respectively, sealing his victory in the state.
Nevada weighed in for this election as 2% more Republican than the nation-at-large.
Caucuses
Canceled Republican caucuses
On September 7, 2019, the Nevada Republican Party became one of several state GOP parties to officially cancel their respective primaries and caucuses. Donald Trump's re-election campaign and GOP officials have cited the fact that Republicans canceled several state primaries when George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush sought a second term in 1992 and 2004, respectively; and Democrats scrapped some of their primaries when Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were seeking reelection in 1996 and 2012, respectively. In August 2019, the Associated Press quoted the state party spokesman, Keith Schipper, who stated it "isn't about any kind of conspiracy theory about protecting the president... He's going to be the nominee... This is about protecting resources to make sure that the president wins in Nevada and that Republicans up and down the ballot win in 2020."
In lieu of conducting their caucuses, the state party's governing central committee instead formally held an Alternative Presidential Preference Poll on February 22, 2020, voting by acclamation to officially bind all 25 of its national pledged delegates to Trump.
Democratic caucuses
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs. Marianne Williamson
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs Generic Democrat vs Howard Schultz
Results
By county
By congressional district
Edison exit polling
Analysis
Given the outcome of the election in other states, Nevada became a crucial swing state to determine whether Joe Biden or Donald Trump would win the 2020 presidential election. With Biden's win, this would mark the fourth presidential election in a row that Nevada has voted Democratic, although this is the first time since the beginning of the Democratic winning streak in Nevada that the state was more Republican than the nation, the last time being 2004, when incumbent George W. Bush carried the state by 2.6% and won the national popular vote by 2.4%. Nevada was the state that came closest to flipping from blue to red in 2020.
The COVID-19 pandemic in particular had a strong effect on Nevada, as the pandemic negatively affected gambling and tourism, which the state's economy relies on. 22% of voters regarded the pandemic as the most important issue of the election, and these voters broke for Biden by 73 points.
Most counties in the state of Nevada are rural, and have voted Republican since 1980. As a whole, the rural counties outside of Las Vegas and Reno made up much of Trump's total. The state's two most populous counties, Clark County and Washoe County, which contain over 89% of the state's population, broke for Biden. Outside of Clark and Reno, Biden's strongest performances would be in the Lake Tahoe areas of Carson City and Douglas County; while these areas are more rural and Republican-leaning, they are also reliant on both the gambling and tourism industries. Biden hit nearly 43% in Carson City, and received 33% of the vote in Douglas County—this totaled to more than 24,000 votes, effectively clinching the state for Biden.
Nevada received facetious attention because of the delay in its finalization of results compared to most other battleground states. 3 days before the state was called, the electoral map showed Biden at 264 electoral votes while having a narrow lead in Nevada, with Trump having a lead in the remaining uncalled swing states. Had the state been called for Biden sooner, its 6 electors would've increased his electoral vote count exactly to the required 270 to win the presidency. The delay in Nevada's results became an internet meme before the state was projected for Biden on November 7.
Latino voters
Latinos were critical to Biden's victory in Nevada, particularly Latinos of Mexican heritage. Latino membership in the Culinary Workers Union was a key driver of Democratic dominance in the state, with over 60,000 (mostly Latino) members who work in the Las Vegas casino, hotel, and service industries, as well as other tourism industries.
Aftermath
On November 5, the Nevada Republican Party alleged "at least 3,062 instances of voter fraud". Republican lawyers released a list of over 3,000 people who allegedly did not live in Clark County, Nevada, when they voted. However, these were not proven to be illegal votes, because Nevada (a) allows for people who moved states 30 days before the election to vote in Nevada's election, and (b) allows people studying in colleges in another state to vote in Nevada's election. Additionally, the list featured military members who were overseas and voted by mail.
On November 17, representatives of the Trump campaign asked a judge to nullify Biden's 33,596-vote margin, and simply declare Trump the winner and his electors elected. However, on November 24, the Nevada Supreme Court certified Biden as the winner of the state.
See also
United States presidential elections in Nevada
2020 Nevada elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Nevada
2020
United States presidential
Sir Charles John Crompton (12 June 1797 – 30 October 1865) was an English justice of the queen's bench.
Life
Crompton was born in Derby; he was the third son of Dr. Peter Crompton, and his second cousin Mary, daughter of John Crompton of Chorley Hall, Lancashire. Peter was a member of the Derby Philosophical Society and his father was a banker there.
Crompton, having graduated with distinction at Trinity College, Dublin, was entered at the Inner Temple in 1817, after a short time spent in a Liverpool solicitor's office and, being called to the bar in 1821, went the northern circuit.
Without having taken silk, he was raised to the bench in February 1852 by Lord Truro, and knighted. He proved an excellent judge, especially in banco, and was the author of many decisions still quoted.
A strong liberal in politics, like his father, he stood for parliament at Preston in 1832, and Newport (Isle of Wight) in 1847, but in both cases unsuccessfully.
Family
He married Caroline, fourth daughter of Thomas Fletcher, a Liverpool merchant, in 1832, and left four sons and three daughters:
Charles Crompton MA QC MP (1833–1890), married Florence Elizabeth Gaskell, daughter of Elizabeth Gaskell.
Mary Crompton (1834–1873), married Rev John Llewellyn Davies MA DD (1826–1918), among their children were
Charles Llewelyn Davies MA CBE (1860–1927)
Margaret Caroline Llewelyn Davies (1861–1944), general secretary of the Co-operative Women's Guild from 1899 until 1921.
Arthur Llewelyn Davies (1863–1907) who married Sylvia du Maurier, their sons, the Llewelyn Davies boys, inspired the story of Peter Pan.
Maurice Llewelyn Davies (1864–1939) who married Mary Eulelia Roberts (1863–1902)
Harry Llewelyn Davies (1866–1923) who married Agnes Ralston McIndoe (1877–1963)
Crompton Llewelyn Davies MA (1868–1935) who married Mary Elizabeth 'Moya' O'Connor (1881–1943), daughter of James O'Connor and an associate of Michael Collins.
Professor Richard Llewelyn-Davies, Baron Llewelyn-Davies (1912–1981) who married Annie Patricia Parry, Baroness Llewelyn-Davies (1915–1997)
Theodore Llewelyn Davies MA (1870–1905)
Henry Crompton (1836–1904) who married Lucy Henrietta Romilly (1848–1923), the daughter of John Romilly, 1st Baron Romilly and Caroline Charlotte Otter (1809–1855)
Paul Crompton (1871–1915), director of The Booths Steam Ship Company, who married Gladys Mary Salis-Schwabe (1878–1915), the daughter of George Salis-Schwabe. Paul, Gladys, their six children and governess all drowned in the Sinking of the RMS Lusitania
David Henry Crompton (1873–1946) who married Lillian MacDonald Sheridan (1888–1970), and left three daughters and a son:
Bontë Romilly Crompton (1914–2002) who married Lt Col Gustavo Durán Martínez (1906–1969), their three daughters are Cheli Durán Ryan, an author; Lucy Durán, ethnomusicologist; and Jane Duran, poet.
Catherine MacDonald 'Bobs' Crompton (1816–1978) who married Henry David L G Walston JP CVO Baron Walston (1912–1991). Catherine was the mistress of Graham Greene.
David Crompton (1918–?)
Dr Belinda Booth Crompton (1920– ), a child psychiatrist, who married Michael Whitney Straight (1916–2004), they divorced in 1969.
Rosamund May Sale (1882–1997) who married Jean Auguste Yves Tinayre (1891–1972), known as Yves Tinayre, a noted baritone singer and the son of the French artist and film-maker Louis Tinayre.
Caroline Anna Crompton (1838–1892) who married Professor George Croom Robertson
Emily Crompton (1840–1899) who married Professor Edward Spencer Beesly (1931–1915), and left four sons
Gerald Beesly (1901– ) who married Helen Chamberlain (1872–1922), a grand-daughter of Joseph Chamberlain
Helen Beesly (1905– )
Richard Beesly (1907–1965)
Marian Beesly (1909– )
Patrick Beesly (1913–1986)
Oliver Beesly (1872–?)
Alfred Beesly (1873–?)
Dr Lewis Beesly FRCS (1877–?), co-author of 'A Manual of Surgical Anatomy'
Albert Crompton (1844–1908), manager of the Ocean Steam Ship Company, who married Elinor Elizabeth Aikin (1849–1885), granddaughter of Charles Rochemont Aikin
Edward Crompton (1845–1915) who married Agnes Mary Berry (1846–1900), and left a son and three daughters.
References
1797 births
1865 deaths
Justices of the King's Bench
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Members of the Inner Temple
Knights Bachelor
People from Derby
19th-century English judges
Abandoned is the tentative title of an upcoming survival horror game being developed and published by Blue Box Game Studios, an independent video game company based in The Netherlands. Described as a "cinematic horror survival shooter" featuring "realistic" gameplay mechanics, Abandoned's premise revolves around Jason Longfield, who must escape a forest after being kidnapped.
Originally announced as a PlayStation 5 exclusive title in April 2021, Abandoned immediately drew significant media attention and hype due to the game trailer's stylistic similarities to Silent Hill and Metal Gear Solid, leading many to believe the game was being directed by Hideo Kojima, prompting Blue Box and its CEO, Hasan Kahraman, to release statements dispelling the claims. Afterwards, the game was delayed from its initial June 2021 release date; to make up for the delays, Blue Box released a "Realtime Experience" app in August 2021 to tease footage of the game, but it suffered a problematic launch due to technical issues with the game's engine, Unreal Engine 5, and was criticised for reusing previously teased material. Blue Box then announced the same month that a "playable prologue" of Abandoned, designed to act as a precursor to the main game, was going to be released as a standalone title later in the year, though this would also suffer from similarly lengthy delays. On March 31, 2022, Blue Box announced that any release dates for Abandoned and the Prologue have been delayed indefinitely, but also stated that Abandoned is not cancelled, and the game and its Prologue will be released "when [they are] ready". A Windows version of Abandoned is intended to be produced "eventually".
Abandoned's troubled development and promotion has been the subject of several controversies and created media scrutiny towards Blue Box Game Studios and Hasan Kahraman over the game's shifting development nature, repeated delays and accusations of false marketing, which has led to questions over the game's legitimacy and also led to harassment of Blue Box staff; Kahraman has argued that these delays and problems are due to Blue Box's limited capacity and ability as an independent gaming studio, and maintains the game is still in development.
Premise
The original premise of the game, as shown in the game's initial PlayStation Blog reveal in April 2021, follows Jason Longfield, a man who wakes up in a forest after being kidnapped, but does not know the reason why. He finds out that he being brought there for "a dark purpose", and then has to fight for his survival against a cult and its leader, Jason's estranged older brother, and escape. Along the way, Jason will meet and team up with other characters and companions, but at the end of the game Jason must decide between fighting against, or joining, the cult and his brother. However, this premise is subject to change, as in April 2022 Hasan Kahraman has announced the game's concept has changed.
Gameplay
Kahraman has described the game to be a first-person "cinematic horror survival shooter" game. While the game was initially designed to be open world, it has since been developed into linear gameplay. The gameplay is also supposed to be a "realistic shooter" compared to action games; whereby every action the player performs in the game has an effect; for example, if the player makes their character sprint, they will be out of breath and their aim accuracy will decrease. Also, if the character is agitated or afraid, they would become nervous, etc. He also said that the game utilises motion-capture technology, which will affect how the player will take damage.
Blue Box Game Studios
Blue Box Game Studios (stylised as BLUE BOX) is an independent Dutch video game company founded in April 2014 by Hasan Kahraman. According to the company's website, the word "Blue" in "Blue Box" stands for "Best Level User Experience", rather than the color.
Prior to working on Abandoned, Blue Box had released or attempted to release several games, such as Rewind, The Whisperer, and Tales of the Six Swords, but all of these have been either cancelled before a demo or teaser has been released, never given a full release, or pulled from release due to them not working as intended on mobile devices.
The last game made before the announcement of Abandoned was The Haunting: Blood Water Curse, a horror game that Kahraman described as a "western version of Fatal Frame." The game was released early access to negative Steam reviews due to the game's broken nature, and subsequently Blue Box has decided to not premier any games in early access since. Progress on the game's Steam page has not been updated since March 2021. Blue Box has stated on their website FAQ that the game is not related in any way to Abandoned. In August 2021, Kahraman said in an interview to IGN that The Haunting would be released for free alongside Abandoned, when the aforementioned game is completed.
Development history
April – June 2021: Announcement and Hideo Kojima involvement rumours
Abandoned was first announced by Blue Box in April 7, 2021 via the PlayStation Blog, along with a minute-long teaser trailer.
Immediately after the game's announcement, Abandoned attracted significant media attention from users and media outlets, as it was believed that Japanese video game designer Hideo Kojima (and/or Kojima Productions) was involved in the creation of the game, or a new Silent Hill game. This theory, also known as the "The Blue Box Conspiracy" or "Kojima Conspiracy", was pushed by the fact that Hasan Kahrman's name shared the same first initials as Hideo Kojima, leading to the belief that Blue Box and "Hasan Kahraman" was a pseudonym for Kojima, in the vein of the promotional stunt Kojima performed for the 2015 game Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, where he went under the pseudonym "Joakim Morgen" and had a fake Swedish game company called "Moby Dick Studio", and also to "7780s Studio", another fake company of Kojima's, which created the P.T. demo teaser for the cancelled 2015 game Silent Hills. This was also pushed by the fact that "Kahraman" translates into Turkish as "Hideo". The rumours over Kojima's involvement led to the creation of a dedicated subreddit on Reddit, r/TheBlueBoxConspiracy, by fans of Silent Hill to discuss the rumours. As a direct result of the rumours, Blue Box Game Studios released a statement the following day after the game's announcement on April 8, 2021 on their website disavowing their connection to Kojima or Konami, who owns the rights to the Silent Hill franchise. This was further disproved by VentureBeat journalist Jeff Grubb, who revealed that Kojima was in talks with Microsoft/Xbox for his next game, and not PlayStation.
However, despite this statement, rumours over the involvement of Hideo Kojima in Abandoned persisted due to various tweets from Blue Box linking the game to Kojima's Metal Gear and Silent Hill franchises. For example, a tweet that was posted on June 15, 2021 seemingly referring to Silent Hill, read; "Guess the name: Abandoned = (First letter S, Last letter L)". Blue Box subsequently apologized for the tweet, and said it had been misunderstood. A similar event happened on July 27, 2021, where Blue Box shared a teaser for Abandoned, with a blurred image of a person with an left-eyepatch in the background; many believed this to suggest Abandoned was a Metal Gear Solid game, with comparisons to the series' protagonist Solid Snake. In an interview to NME, Kahraman clarified that this was an image of the game's main villain, and not Solid Snake. “The eyepatch. Everyone immediately linked it to Solid Snake. But I was like, ‘People think it's Silent Hill so it wouldn't make sense if people linked it with Snake'.” Due to the repeated rumours, Kahraman has had to speak to Konami to clear up his involvement.
June – August 2021: Realtime Experience app
After the announcement of the game, Blue Box revealed plans to release a "Realtime Trailers" (later renamed Realtime Experience) app to the PlayStation Store. The app was touted as Abandoned's hub for "interactive trailers", where teasers and trailers of Abandoned and its gameplay would be revealed, with reveals to take place during Summer 2021. It was designed to render the cutscenes "in real time", and act as a showcase for the game's graphics and use of Unreal Engine 5. The app was scheduled for release on June 20; however due to localisation issues it was delayed to June 25, and then to August 10, 2022. Due to technical issues, the Realtime Experience app immediately crashed and was unusable on day one, with a patch for the app being uploaded three days later.
After a patch was introduced to make the app useable, the Realtime Experience app was immediately criticised for only containing a five-second render of a man walking on a wooden floor, and the fact this render had already been teased on Blue Box's Twitter account a few days prior to its release. Hasan responded to the criticism to explain why the trailer was so short;“What we had in mind was actually a 30-second teaser with more content in it, but then we had engine issues. And we had to make sure that we could solve this in time, but we didn't have enough time. We realized that this was going to take much longer than just three days, because our initial plan was to release it before the weekend. So we had to cut down everything and then just leave it with just four or five seconds of footage."In an interview to NME on August 16, 2021, Hasan later referred the Realtime Experience release as "a big disaster", blaming it on the team's use of Unreal Engine 5, which Hasan described as "not recommended" for purpose due to its early access state. In the same interview, Hasan also said he would be showing the trailer at Gamescom in a weeks time (August 25, 2021); however, this appearance never materialised.
August 2021 – March 2022: Abandoned: Prologue
In August 2021, Kahraman announced that the game would receive a "playable prologue", which would act as a backstory/introduction to the main Abandoned game. Hasan intends to use the Prologue to fund the development of Abandoned upon its release. While initially plotted as a teaser, Hasan later clarified that Abandoned: Prologue was now completely separate from the final game.
March 2022 – present: Indefinite delay and asset leak
On March 31, 2022, Blue Box released a statement to Twitter announcing that Abandoned: Prologue had been indefinitely, with Kahraman saying that it will come out whenever it is ready. Following this announcement, Blue Box Game Studios deleted a number of past tweets regarding future plans of Abandoned, leading to several publications to believe development on the game has stalled, or that it had been cancelled entirely. Kahraman denied these claims, and said it was due to the game's concept changing, though he said he regretted the decision to delete the tweets. "I have learned now just to keep them. Even if the information or concept changed, just keep the older information because people will see for themselves what the difference is and then see what's more actual."
On May 16, 2022, some of Abandoned's assets were leaked via Reddit, revealing part of the game's script, a picture of a brick wall and a video showcasing the game's use of motion capture, seemingly confirming that the game does exist.
Controversies
Abandoned and Blue Box Game Studios have been the centre of several controversies and criticism.
Death threats and harassment towards Blue Box Game Studios
On October 17, 2021, Blue Box released a statement on Twitter in response revealing they had been suffering increased levels of harassment, doxxing and death threats being directed towards Blue Box staff members online and in real life. While Blue Box has not specified a cause, the harassment has been attributed to the games repeated delays and the Blue Box Conspiracy. "We are fully aware of the negative situation that we have created and we truly understand your frustration, But what we don't understand are the death threats." The company also said they would be taking legal action against people who were harassing the company online or in real life.
GameSpot investigation
On June 3, 2022, GameSpot published an investigative report which accused Kahraman of "toxic" activities on a private chat room revolving around the game, in which he revealed scant development information but attempted a romantic advance on one of his artists, who later left the group, allowed a 12-year-old to insult other members with no consequences, and forced others to play Rainbow Six Siege with him. Leaked development assets also had a Silent Hill 5 logo on them, indicating that he sought to trick people into believing Abandoned was part of the Silent Hill series. Others close to Kahraman claimed that little to nothing of the game exists, with the game shifting genres numerous times, and that even the playable prologue was unlikely to be finished, making it largely a hoax.
References
Indie video games
PlayStation 5 games
Single-player video games
Survival horror video games
Unreal Engine games
Upcoming video games scheduled for 2022
Vaporware video games
Video games about kidnapping
Windows games
The Araripe manakin (Antilophia bokermanni) is a species of critically endangered bird from the family of manakins (Pipridae). It was discovered in 1996 and scientifically described in 1998. The species epithet commemorates Brazilian zoologist and wildlife filmmaker Werner Bokermann, who died in 1995. Because of its helmet-like crown it has received the Portuguese name soldadinho-do-araripe which means "little soldier of Araripe". This name also associates it with the related, but more widespread, helmeted manakin (Antilophia galeata), which is known simply as the soldadinho.
Description
As typical of most manakins, males and females have a strong sexual dimorphism in the colours of the plumage. As in the helmeted manakin, it is a relatively large and long-tailed manakin, with a total length of c. . The strikingly patterned males have predominantly white plumage. With the exception of the white little wings coverts, the wings are black as the tail. From the frontal tuft, over the crown, down to the middle back runs a carmine red patch. The iris is red. The females are mainly olive green and have pale green upperparts. They have a reduced olive green frontal tuft.
Diet
This species consumes both plant and animal materials as part of their diet. Approximately 80% of their diet comes from the plant Clidemia biserrata. Araripe Manakins consume fruit and arthropods, although fruits are the primary item in their diet. Females have a more diverse diet than males, because the more cryptic olive-green plumage of females provides them with a greater degree of camouflage in forests, allowing them to find food with less predation, meanwhile, males are a very bright white color, which makes them more vulnerable to predation. Females also have a longer bill, which allows them to manipulate more types of fruit than males are able to handle and digest.
Distribution
This species is endemic to the Chapada do Araripe (Araripe uplands) in the Brazilian state of Ceará in the north eastern region of the country. It is only fifty kilometres long and one kilometre wide and the typical habitat apparently is a consequence of the soils formed from the Santana Formation limestone. The pure breeding range has a size of only and lies in a theme park. It is likely to be more widespread than presently known, although surveys in nearby Balneario das Caldas failed to locate any individuals.
Threats
In 2000 there was an estimated population of less than 50 individuals and it was considered as one of the rarest birds in Brazil and in the world. Only three males and one female were found until that date. In 2003 the estimations were more optimistic and BirdLife International assumed the population of 49 to 250 individuals. In 2004 it proceeded on the assumption that less than 250 individuals exist in the wild which was based on 43 discovered males. In 2000 a theme park with swimming pools and asphalted roads was built at the type locality Nascente do Farias and the largest part of its original habitat was destroyed. The cleared trees were replaced by banana plantations. The last assessed population was on August 7th, 2018. An estimated 150 - 700 mature individuals are living in Brazil.
At the BirdLife International celebrity lecture held in Peterborough on 16 August 2008, it was announced that Sir David Attenborough would be championing the Araripe manakin in an effort to raise funds to help protect this rare bird. There are approximately 500 pairs of the Araripe manakin left. Sir David was presented with a picture of the manakin following his lecture, which was on Alfred Russel Wallace and Birds of Paradise.
References
Azevedo Jr., S. M.; Nascimento, J. L. X. & Nascimento, I. L. S. 2000. Novos registros de ocorrência de Antilophia bokermanni Coelho e Silva, 1990 na Chapada do Araripe, Ceará, Brasil. Ararajuba 8(2): 133–134.
Coelho, G. & Silva, W. 1998. A new species of Antilophia (Passeriformes: Pipridae) from Chapada do Araripe, Ceará, Brazil. Ararajuba 6(2): 81–84.
Snow, D. W. (2004). Family Pipridae (Manakins). pp. 110–169 in: del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A., & Christie, D. A. eds (2004). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Vol. 9. Cotingas to Pipits and Wagtails. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
MILENE G. Gaiotti, Wilmara Mascarenhas, and Regina H. Macedo "The Critically Endangered and Endemic Araripe Manakin (Antilophia bokermanni): Dietary Assessment For Conservation Purposes," The Wilson Journal of Ornithology 129(4), 783-791, (1 December 2017). https://doi.org/10.1676/16-140.1
External links
Araripe manakin videos on the Internet Bird Collection
BirdLife factsheet - Araripe manakin (English)
Araripe manakin. ARKive.
Photograph of the male
Conservação do soldadinho-do-araripe Antilophia bokermanni (AVES: Pipridae) (Archived 2009-10-25) (pdf, Portuguese)
Beauty of birds
The Critically Endangered and Endemic Araripe Manakin (Antilophia bokermanni): Dietary Assessment For Conservation Purposes
Araripe manakin
Araripe manakin
Birds of the Caatinga
Critically endangered animals
Critically endangered biota of South America
Endemic birds of Brazil
Brain Balls may refer to:
Brain balls, small stone-like balls claimed in Irish history and legend to have been made from the heads or brains of enemies
Brain Balls, a character in the animated series Futurama
Brain Ball, an annual event for the Welltower charity foundation
See also
Mindball
Kömürcüler, Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
EHCC may refer to:
European Hill Climb Championship
Elayn Hunt Correctional Center, a prison in St. Gabriel, Louisiana
Maeve Gilroy is a former camogie player, winner of the Cuchulainn award in 1966 and of All Ireland medals in 1956 and 1967.
Career
Gilroy was already regarded as one of the country's best players when she scored two goals for Antrim against Dublin in the historic 1956 All Ireland semi-final, a match that prevented Dublin winning 19 All Ireland titles in a row. She was goalscorer and lead forward on the first ever Queen's University Belfast team to defeat UCD, by a score of 3-1 to 3-0 in the Ashbourne Cup of 1959, but the cup went to UCD at the end of the round-robin series. When the competition reverted to knock-out in 1961, she was on the QUB team that beat UCC 7-2 to 2-1 at Cherryvale in the Ashbourne Cup semi-final, alongside Margaret Treacy, Eileen Maguire and Maire O'Kane.
Playing in defence through the second half of her career, she was playmaker for the team that defeated Dublin in a 1967 replay and for the Ulster team that won their first Gael Linn Cup in 1967. She continued to play until Antrim's defeat in the Ireland final of 1969.
Coach and referee
She coached the Queens' University Ashbourne Cup teams in the 1960s and refereed matches up to All Ireland level, taking charge of the Ireland finals of 1961 and 1962.
References
Living people
Antrim camogie players
Camogie referees
Queen's University Belfast camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 7th Tank Battalion "M.O. Di Dio" () is an inactive tank battalion of the Italian Army based in Vivaro in Friuli Venezia Giulia. Originally the battalion, like all Italian tank units, was part of the infantry, but since 1 June 1999 it is part of the cavalry. Operationally the battalion was last assigned to the 8th Mechanized Brigade "Garibaldi".
History
The battalion was formed during the 1975 army reform: on 31 October 1975 the 8th Bersaglieri Regiment was disbanded and the next day its VII Tank Battalion became the 7th Tank Battalion "M.O. Di Dio". As the war flag and traditions of the 8th Bersaglieri Regiment were assigned to the 3rd Bersaglieri Battalion "Cernaia" the 7th Di Dio was granted a new war flag on 12 November 1976 by decree 846 of the President of the Italian Republic Giovanni Leone. The battalion received the traditions of the VII Tank Battalion "M", which had been formed by the 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment on 30 January 1941. The battalion was sent to Italian Libya on 15 February 1941 to bolster Italian forces after the successful British Operation Compass. Initially the regiment served with the 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment, and from 1 September 1941 with the newly formed 132nd Tank Infantry Regiment. With the 132nd the battalion was heavily decimated during the British Operation Crusader, fighting battles at Bir el Gubi on 19 November and 4-7 December and for Point 175 before retreating West. The VII Tank Battalion was disbanded at the end of January 1942 to bring regiment's two remaining battalions back up to strength. For its service 132nd Tank Infantry Regiment was awarded a Gold Medal of Military Valour, which during the 1975 army reform passed with the 132nd regiment's flag to the 8th Tank Battalion "M.O. Secchiaroli" and was duplicated for the new flag of the 7th Tank Battalion "M.O. Di Dio".
After World War II the VII Tank Battalion was reformed in Aviano on 5 January 1959 as unit of the 132nd Tank Regiment, which transferred the battalion on 1 August 1963 to the 8th Bersaglieri Regiment.
Tank and armored battalions created during the 1975 army reform were all named for officers, soldiers and partisans, who were posthumously awarded Italy's highest military honor the Gold Medal of Military Valour for heroism during World War II. The 7th Tank Battalion's name commemorated 1st Tank Infantry Regiment Lieutenant Alfredo Di Dio, who, together with his brother Antonio Di Dio, formed one of the first partisan units in Piedmont after the German occupation of Italy in September 1943. Having already lost his brother on 13 February 1944 in a firefight with German forces, Alfredo Di Dio was killed in action on 12 October 1944. Equipped with M60A1 Patton main battle tanks the battalion joined the 8th Mechanized Brigade "Garibaldi", whose headquarters had been formed from the 8th Bersaglieri Regiment's headquarters.
For its conduct and work after the 1976 Friuli earthquake the battalion was awarded a Bronze Medal of Army Valour, which was affixed to the battalion's war flag and added to the battalion's coat of arms.
After the end of the Cold War the Italian Army reorganized its forces and on 1 July 1991 the Garibaldi brigade's headquarters moved to Caserta in the South of Italy. In expectation of the move the 7th Tank Battalion was disbanded a month earlier on 31 May 1991 and its flag transferred to the Shire of the Flags at the Vittoriano in Rome.
See also
8th Mechanized Brigade "Garibaldi"
References
Tank Battalions of Italy
Darrell Lamond Taylor (born March 24, 1997) is an American football outside linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Tennessee.
Early life and high school
Taylor grew up in Hopewell, Virginia and attended Hopewell High School, where he played basketball and football. Rated a four-star recruit, Taylor committed to play college football at the University of Tennessee over offers from Florida and Virginia Tech.
College career
Taylor redshirted his true freshman season. As a redshirt freshman, he made nine tackles (one for loss) in eight games played. Taylor missed two games of his redshirt sophomore year due to a suspension for an altercation with a teammate. He finished the season with 27 tackles, four tackles for loss, three sacks and two forced fumbles. As a redshirt junior, Taylor led the team with eight sacks and 11 tackles for loss with 36 total tackles.
Taylor entered his redshirt senior year on the Chuck Bednarik Award watchlist. Taylor finished the season tied for second in the SEC with 8.5 sacks and led the Volunteers with 10 tackles for loss along with 46 total tackles, a forced fumble, a fumble recovery and four passes defended. Taylor finished his collegiate career with 118 tackles, 26.5 tackles for loss, and 19.5 sacks with six forced fumbles, four fumble recoveries and seven passes defended in 38 games.
Professional career
Taylor was invited to the NFL Scouting Combine, but did not participate in any drills due to an offseason surgery. Taylor was selected by the Seattle Seahawks in the second round with the 48th pick in the 2020 NFL Draft. He was placed on the active/non-football injury list at the start of training camp on August 3, 2020. He was moved to the reserve/non-football injury list at the start of the regular season on September 5, 2020. He returned to practice on January 5, 2021, but the team did not activate him before the end of the season.
On October 17, 2021, in a Sunday Night Football game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Taylor suffered what appeared to be a serious neck/head injury, and left the field injured on a stretcher under medical care. After the game, the Seahawks confirmed that Taylor had feeling in all of his extremities and that he was expected to fly back to Seattle with the rest of his team.
References
External links
Seattle Seahawks bio
Tennessee Volunteers bio
1997 births
Living people
People from Hopewell, Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
American football linebackers
American football defensive ends
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Seattle Seahawks players
Lectionary 286, designated by siglum ℓ 286 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 9th century.
Scrivener labelled it as 480e.
Only 5 leaves of the manuscript has survived.
Description
The codex contains lessons from the Gospel of John, Matthew, and Luke (Evangelistarium), with some lacunae.
The text is written in Greek uncial letters, on 5 parchment leaves (), in one column per page, 23-25 lines per page. The manuscript contains weekday Gospel lessons.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text was written in 1150, it contains the writings of Theodor Studites and Anastasius Sinaita.
History
Scrivener and Gregory dated the manuscript to the 9th century. It has been assigned by the Institute for New Testament Textual Research to the 9th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (number 480e) and Gregory (number 286e). Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
The codex is housed at the Biblioteca Ambrosiana (E. 101 sups.) in Milan.
See also
List of New Testament lectionaries
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Lectionary 285
Notes and references
Bibliography
Greek New Testament lectionaries
9th-century biblical manuscripts
Palimpsests
Manuscripts of the Ambrosiana collections
Tun Media is a Norwegian media group that publishes the daily newspaper Nationen, the weekly newspaper Bondebladet and the magazines Traktor and Norsk Landbruk.
The group was established in 2000 after a merger between Landbruksforlaget, Bondebladet and Nationen. It is based in Oslo and the largest owners are TINE (25%), the Norwegian Agrarian Association (25%), Nortura (22,5%) and Landkreditt (8%). The remaining percents are owned by about 800 individuals.
References
2000 establishments in Norway
Mass media companies established in 2000
Mass media companies of Norway
Agriculture in Norway
Companies based in Oslo
Mass media in Oslo
Achilles Gray (7 January 1864 – 2 July 1954) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Wedderburn to American-born grazier Joshua Rogers Gray and Eliza Ferguson Donald. He worked on the family property, but also worked as a veterinary surgeon. Around 1884 he married Sarah Crisp, with whom he had four daughters. He served on Korong Shire Council from 1901 to 1946, and was president five times (1908–1910, 1912–1913, 1925–1926, 1934–1935, 1940–1941). In 1914 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Korong. He was defeated after a single term in 1917. Gray died in Inglewood in 1954.
References
1864 births
1954 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Irreligion in Botswana is not uncommon among Botswana. Though Christianity predominates, according to census results, 20% of the country do not identify with a religion.
See also
Religion in Botswana
Freedom of religion in Botswana
Christianity in Botswana
Islam in Botswana
Demographics of Botswana
References
Religion in Botswana
Botswana
Botswana
Arani () is a residential area and suburb of Chennai, India, located on the banks of the Arani river.
Surroundings
References
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Golnur Nagimullovna Postnikova (born 27 July 1964 in Chusovoy) is a Russian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Russian female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the Soviet Union
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
People from Chusovoy
Sportspeople from Perm Krai
The Copa América Femenina de Futsal, also known as the Sudamericano de Futsal Femenino (South American Women's Futsal Championship), is the women's version of Copa América de Futsal.
Results
Medal summary
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20170312195011/http://www.futsalplanet.com/agenda/agenda-01.asp?id=11475
External links
CONMEBOL site
IV Conmebol Women Futsal Championships
Futsal competitions in South America
CONMEBOL competitions for women's national teams
Women's international futsal competitions
The 2020 United States presidential election in New Mexico was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. New Mexico voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. New Mexico has five electoral votes in the Electoral College.
New Mexico was won by Biden by a 10.79% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations making election predictions considered New Mexico as a state Biden would win, or a safe blue state. The state used to be quite competitive, voting for Democrat Al Gore in 2000 with a margin of only 366 votes and Republican George W. Bush in 2004 by 5,988 votes. However, the Land of Enchantment has become a reliably blue state since then as Democrats have relied on Hispanic, Native American, and urban voters to deliver victories. Biden scored victories in all of the state's three largest counties: Bernalillo, Doña Ana, and Santa Fe counties, home to Albuquerque, Las Cruces, and Santa Fe, respectively; all of them voted for Biden in margins greater than ten points. Aggregate polling correctly showed Biden being up by double-digits in the state.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, much of Biden's strength in New Mexico came from Latino voters, from whom he garnered 61% of the vote. These included 54% of Latinos of Mexican heritage and 70% of Spanish-Americans. Biden also carried a plurality of Caucasian/white voters in the state (49% to Trump's 48%). He also won over Native Americans, garnering 60–90% of the vote. 53% of voters believed the Trump administration was doing too little to help Native American reservations in New Mexico during the COVID-19 pandemic, and these voters broke for Biden by 75%–23%.
On the other hand, Trump increased his popular vote percentage by 3.46%, earning 43.5% of the vote share and over 400,000 votes in total. Much of this improvement could be attributed to the fact that the Libertarian Party nominee in 2016 had been former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson, who earned 9.34% of the vote in his home state; Johnson did not run in 2020. That said, Trump's 43.5% represented not only an improvement on his own vote share in 2016, but also on those of future Utah Senator Mitt Romney in 2012 (42.84%) and Arizona Senator John McCain in 2008 (41.78%). This was the first election since 1968 in which New Mexico voted more Republican than neighboring Colorado. Biden became the first Democrat to win the White House without carrying Colfax County since 1912, when New Mexico was granted statehood, or Hidalgo County since 1920, when it was created. This was the first election since 1948 in which Valencia County voted for the losing candidate.
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on June 2, 2020.
Republican primary
Donald Trump ran unopposed in the Republican primary, and thus received all of the state's 22 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
Libertarian primary
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Results
By county
By congressional district
Biden won 2 out of 3 congressional districts.
Aftermath
On December 14, 2020, the Trump campaign filed a lawsuit against the New Mexico Secretary of State over the use of ballot drop-boxes for the 2020 presidential election. However, on January 11, 2021, five days after Congress certified the results for Joe Biden, the campaign dropped the lawsuit. Trump attorneys Mark Caruso and Michael Smith cited “events that have transpired since the inception of this lawsuit” in a three-page motion as the reason for dropping the lawsuit. Despite the withdrawal, the motion still allows for revisiting these concerns in the future.
See also
United States presidential elections in New Mexico
2020 New Mexico elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
New Mexico
2020
United States presidential
Rhabdophis helleri, Heller's red-necked keelback, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in South Asia
Distribution
China (Yunnan, Guangxi, Guangdong, Fujian, Hong Kong, Sichuan, Guizhou), N Vietnam, Myanmar, India (Assam ?, Mizoram, Sikkim; Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura), Bhutan, Bangladesh, Nepal
Type locality: Tengyueh, 5500 feet elevation, Province of
Yunnan, China, 25°01'N, 98°30'E.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of Vietnam
Reptiles of China
Reptiles described in 1925
Taxa named by Karl Patterson Schmidt
Kevin Francis may refer to:
Kevin Francis (film producer), English film executive
Kevin Francis (footballer, born 1967), retired English-born St Kitts and Nevis international centre-forward
Kevin Francis (Canadian football) (born 1993), Canadian football linebacker
See also
Cardinal High School is a public high school in Middlefield, Ohio, United States. Students come from Middlefield village, Middlefield township, and the townships of Parkman and Huntsburg.
Athletics
Ohio High School Athletic Association State Championships
Wrestling (State Champions) – 1978
Other sports accomplishments
Baseball (State Runner-Up) – 1996
Cross Country (4th in State) – 2003
Cross Country (State Runner-Up) – 2004
External links
Cardinal High School Website
Ohio High School Athletic Association
Notes and references
High schools in Geauga County, Ohio
Public high schools in Ohio
Charles Matthews or Mathews may refer to:
Charles Mathews (1776–1835), English theatre manager and actor
Charles James Mathews (1803–1878), English actor, son of the above
Charles Edward Mathews (1834–1905), English mountaineer
Sir Charles Willie Mathews (1850–1920), English barrister and Director of Public Prosecutions, stepson of the above
Charles Matthews (Pennsylvania politician) (1856–1932), member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Charles Matthews (baseball), 19th-century American baseball player
Race Mathews (Charles Race Thorson Mathews, born 1935), Australian politician
Charles Matthews (Texas politician) (born 1939), former member of the Texas Railroad Commission
Charles Matthews (Whitewater), Whitewater controversy defendant
Charles Matthews (writer), one of the authors of How Wikipedia Works
Charles Matthews (basketball) (born 1996), American basketball player
Charles Matthews (neuropsychologist), president of the International Neuropsychological Society
Küçükali, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Menstad conflict () or () "The Menstad battle" was a Norwegian policing and political débâcle on 8 June 1931 at Norsk Hydro's Menstad plant, near Skien in the Norwegian province of Telemark.
Since March, Norway had been feeling significant industrial tension as the full effects of the Great Depression began to be felt in Norway. It was in this atmosphere that the Norwegian Employers' Confederation (NAF) announced a pay cut of 15 and 20 percent. When the Workers' National Trade Union rejected this suggestion and counter-proposed a reduction of working hours, the NAF responded with a programme of lockouts. During the lockouts, two companies, Norsk Hydro and Norske Skog Union, chose to allow some contract workers to perform some work. This was perceived as strikebreaking and led to an escalation of the conflict level.
It was an angry mood in which the Secretary of the Labor party (and later Prime Minister) Einar Gerhardsen called strikebreakers "skabbdyr" (scabs) and director of Norsk Hydro Bjarne Eriksen described the dispute as being one between Labour and the community. In the afternoon of 8 June 2,000 workers marched to the Norsk Hydro trans-shipment port and warehouse at Menstad, where 100 police officers guarded the contract workers.
The brief "battle", between police and strikers, saw law-and-order forces overwhelmed by demonstrators, who threw stones and iron piping before the protesters retreated. The government response (passed on by Minister of Defence, Vidkun Quisling) was to send the army into the province with the stated aim of protecting nearby weapons depots. Although there was no further incident and law and order in the area was duly restored, the government response was heavily criticised by the Communist party, who had led the original demonstrations.
See also
Ådalen shootings
References
1931 riots
1931 in Norway
June 1931 events
Demetrios Pierides (; 1811–1895) was a Greek Cypriot banker, vice consul of Great Britain and collector of ancient Cypriot artefacts. He was the son of Pierakis Demetriou Corella (1790–1821) and Maria Caridi (c. 1775 – 1870)
Career
He studied history and literature in England and was a private tutor of Greek of the Duke of Sutherland. At a later stage he was a professor of English language in Greece.
Pierides was the Director of Ottoman Bank in Larnaca. In 1849 he took part in an expedition, led by Royal Navy Captain T.Graves, to compile the first proper map of Cyprus. He was a Member of Parliament (1884-1885) in Cyprus, and vice consul of England (1849-1850).
Antiquities
His interest in ancient history of Cyprus and will to prevent art dealers from selling the rich cultural heritage to foreign collectors of antiques, made Demetrios Pierides a collector of ancient artefacts. By that he managed to keep an important part of Cyprus handicraft history on the island. Parts of his collections laid the ground for the Pierides Museum.
Pierides was one of the founding members of the Cyprus Museum. Many European intellectuals who knew Pieridis, used to call him "The Wise Greek". he wrote many scientific articles on Cypriot antiquities both in English and in French.
Family
Pierides married Theodora Cyprael Halil (b. 1819-d.1859) and had two sons, Zenon D. Pierides and Gabriel-Cyprael Pierides. He also had five daughters (Adelais, Kalliope, Maritsa, Anna and Thecla).
His father Pierakis was a merchant and landowner in Cyprus. He was hanged by the Turks, together with other prominent lay men and Bishops, on 10 July 1821 as a punishment for the Greek uprising.
The family motto is "Emmenein", meaning "Persistence".
References
Coudounaris, A., Covotsou, M. (2002). Pierides Museum: Laiki Group Cultural Centre. Nicosia: Pierides Museum - Laiki Group Cultural Centre.
Coudounaris, A. (1972). Merikai Palaiai Oikoeneiai tis Kyprou - Some Old Families of Cyprus.
1811 births
1895 deaths
Greek educators
Greek Cypriot people
Duff's may refer to:
Duff's Brooklyn, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, NY, USA
Duff's device, computer science implementation by Tom Duff
Duff's Famous Wings, restaurant in Buffalo, New York
See also
Duff (disambiguation)
Duffs, golf
Travelers Casualty & Surety Co. of America v. Pacific Gas & Elec. Co., 549 U.S. 443 (2007), was a United States Supreme Court case about attorney's fees in bankruptcy cases. Justice Samuel Alito wrote the opinion for a unanimous court.
Background
Before they declared bankruptcy, Pacific Gas & Electric Company (PG&E) purchased surety bonds from Travelers, an insurance company. The bonds obliged Travelers to settle debts PG&E couldn't repay. When PG&E filed a voluntary Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition on April 6, 2001 as a result of the California electricity crisis, Travelers hired attorneys to protect its interests. California law mandated that PG&E cover all attorney fees incurred by Travelers during state court proceedings. The litigation later moved to federal court, where PG&E refused to pay for Travelers' federal court expenses, claiming they were only responsible for fees incurred during state court proceedings.
Procedural history
The bankruptcy court denied Travelers' request for reimbursement because the federal precedents in the Ninth Circuit held that only federal laws could ensure payment for federal litigation. PG&E was only under contractual and legal obligation to pay for state-court attorney fees, not federal-court fees. The District Court and the Ninth Circuit denied Travelers' claim on the same grounds. Travelers appealed to the Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court granted certiorari, seeking to resolve an inconsistency among the circuit courts.
Decision
Issue
Can an unsecured creditor in a bankruptcy case collect attorneys' fees authorized by a contract and incurred in postpetition litigation where such a contractual obligation is guaranteed under a state law?
Opinion
Justice Alito issued the Court's unanimous opinion, holding that "an otherwise enforceable contract allocating attorney's fees ... is allowable in bankruptcy except where the Bankruptcy Code provides otherwise." Because the Bankruptcy Code "says nothing about unsecured claims for contractual attorney's fees incurred while litigating issues of bankruptcy law," the Court could "presume that claims enforceable under applicable state law will be allowed in bankruptcy unless they are expressly disallowed."
The Court found that none of the nine exemptions waiving contractual obligation to reimburse attorney fees set forth in 11 U.S.C. § 502(b) applied to Travelers, and therefore nothing undermined the debtor's contractual or state-law obligation to pay. The idea that state-law or contractual claims for attorneys' fees are unenforceable in federal bankruptcy proceedings, Alito wrote, "finds no support in the Bankruptcy Code, either in §502 or elsewhere."
See also
Baylis v. Travelers' Insurance Company (1885)
Pacific Gas & Electric v. Public Utilities Commission (1986)
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. v. State Energy Resources Conservation and Development Commission (1983)
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
2007 in United States case law
The Travelers Companies
Pacific Gas and Electric Company
United States bankruptcy case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
Power Duke was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1960 Group 1 Oakleigh Plate.
He was owned by a group of people, including the late Alf Cane. Power Duke was put down only a matter of weeks after winning the Oakleigh Plate when his uncontrollable behaviour became too much for the trainer and owners.
References
Power Duke's pedigree and racing stats
Racehorses bred in Australia
Keith Bailey (born 7 October 1961) is a Canadian retired professional soccer player.
Early life and youth years
Keith Bailey was born in Toronto, Ontario to English parents. When he was six months old his family returned to England, to a rural part of West Yorkshire. It was there, more than a decade later, that scouts first took notice. In 1977 Bailey was chosen to play on several local and district select teams. In 1978 at age 16 he signed with Fourth Division club, Bradford City A.F.C. and even made several first team appearances with them.
NASL career
Bailey's aunt and uncle, Ann and Norman Bailey, lived in St. Petersburg, Florida at that time. Through sheer persistence they were able to persuade the North American Soccer League side Tampa Bay Rowdies to grant their nephew a tryout of sorts, while he was visiting them on holiday in May 1980. Impressed by what he saw, Rowdies' coach Gordon Jago signed Bailey to a three-year contract in early June. Two weeks later he collected an assist in his first ever league match, a start for Tampa Bay at Minnesota Kicks, and scored a goal in his third NASL appearance, coming on as a substitute.
His promising NASL start was abruptly cut short after breaking both his left tibia and fibula during a training ground collision on August 7. The compound fracture and subsequent rehab forced him to miss the remainder of the 1980 season and playoffs as well as the entire 1980–81 indoor season. He came back to make fourteen appearances in 1981 and another seven in the 1981–82 indoor season. The Rowdies released him in March 1982. He spent the summer of 1982 with Tampa Bay's reserve team, Rowdies II. He later returned to West Yorkshire and played at Steeton A.F.C. before retiring.
Honors
North American Soccer League
1981–82 indoor: Finalist
References
External links
NASL stats
1961 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Canadian soccer players
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Soccer players from Toronto
English Football League players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Steeton A.F.C. players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor players
Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–1993) players
Peter Jones (born 6 October 1980) is a British musician. His multi-instrumental skills range from vocals to keyboards, piano, guitar, bass, saxophone, clarinet, recorder, whistles, and various percussion instruments.
Jones lost his sight at 15 months due to retinoblastoma, a form of cancer that attacks the light sensing portion of the eyes. He took to music learning his variety of instruments. He first came to prominence on the TV show Star for a Night in 2001, performing with his friend Emma Paine. The two teamed up again as 2 to Go in the first season of the TV series The X Factor with a national tour following suit.
Jones has recorded and produced his own original music under various names including Tiger Moth Tales. He also works with the band Red Bazar and has recorded with the Colin Tench Project. He performed on the 2015 remake of Spectral Mornings. In 2016 he was selected to join the band Camel, replacing Guy LeBlanc who had just died after a long bout with kidney cancer and temporary replacement Ton Scherpenzeel.
Since 2015, Peter has presented a bi-weekly radio show on Progzilla Radio, entitled Tales from the Tiger Moth.
References
External links
Tiger Moth Tales
Tales From The Tiger Moth - Radio Show
Tales From the Tiger Moth - Podcast RSS Feed
Living people
1980 births
Blind musicians
British multi-instrumentalists
The X Factor (British TV series) contestants
Camel (band) members
Shaqiri is an Albanian surname that may refer to
Ardit Shaqiri (born 1985), Albanian footballer from North Macedonia
Artim Shaqiri (born 1973), footballer from North Macedonia
Xherdan Shaqiri (born 1991), Swiss footballer
Xhevdet Shaqiri (1923-1997), Albanian footballer
Albanian-language surnames
Save the Day may refer to:
Save the Day, a video game developed by Scottish company Denki
"Save the Day" (Mariah Carey song), featuring Lauryn Hill (2020)
"Save the Day" (The Living End song) (1998)
"Save the Day", a song by Selena Gomez from Stars Dance (2013)
"Save the Day", a song by Ski Mask the Slump God and Jacquees featuring Coi Leray and LouGotCash from Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
Saves the Day, a New Jersey rock band
Parvaaz: The Journey is a 2021 Indian bilingual drama film directed by Gurbir Singh Grewal, starring Gulshan Grover Kimi Verma, Mandeep Brar, Zoe Fraser, Garry Sanghera & Kirti Arneja in lead roles. The film is based on the father-son relationship and their differences. Grover played the role of a single father.
Cast
Gulshan Grover
Kimi Verma
Mandeep Brar
Zoe Fraser
Garry Sanghera
Kirti Arneja
Production
The film was shot at some of the locations of Osoyoos & Oliver.
References
External links
Parvaaz: The Journey on Twitter
Parvaaz: The Journey on Rotten Tomatoes
2021 films
2020s Hindi-language films
English-language Indian films
Punjabi-language Indian films
Indian drama films
2020s English-language films
2020s Punjabi-language films
2021 multilingual films
Indian multilingual films
Pointe Hyacinthe is a village and a headland in the commune of Le Robert on the east coast of Martinique.
Populated places in Martinique
Verviers was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1999.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Panchavadi is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by VM Chandi. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Adoor Bhasi, Jose Prakash and T. S. Muthaiah in lead roles. The film had musical score by M. K. Arjunan.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Vijayasree as Nalini
Adoor Bhasi
Jose Prakash
T. S. Muthaiah
Baby Indira
Bahadoor as Kesavan Pilla, a constable
K. P. Ummer
Meena as Visalam, a lady constable
Paravoor Bharathan as Hotel Manager
Rajakokila
Sadhana
Vincent
Saroja
Kunjan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan and lyrics was written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Noire River or Rivière Noire may refer to:
North America
Grande rivière Noire or Big Black River (Saint John River tributary), in Maine, United States, and Quebec, Canada
Noire River (L'Assomption River tributary), Matawinie, Lanaudière, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Ottawa River tributary), Waltham, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Beaurivage River tributary), Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Bécancour River tributary), L'Érable, Centre-du-Québec, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Bulstrode River tributary), Arthabaska, Centre-du-Québec, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Felton River tributary), Le Granit, Estrie, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Fourche River tributary), Les Chenaux Regional County Municipality, Mauricie, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Huron River tributary), Lotbinière, Chaudière-Appalaches, Québec, Canada
Noire River (rivière du Moulin tributary), Robert-Cliche, Chaudière-Appalaches, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Yamaska River tributary), Estrie and Montérégie, Quebec, Canada
Little Black River (Saint John River tributary), flowing in Quebec (Canada) and Maine (USA)
Noire River (Charlevoix), a tributary of the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Shawinigan), a tributary of the Saint-Maurice River in Shawinigan, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (English River tributary), Haut-Saint-Laurent, Montérégie, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (rivière de l'Esturgeon), Roussillon, Montérégie, Quebec, Canada
Rivière Noire du Milieu, Mont-Élie, Charlevoix-Est, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, Canada
Rivière Noire Sud-Ouest, Monté-Élie, Charlevoix-Est, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (rivière des Hurons), Stoneham-et-Tewkesbury, La Jacques-Cartier, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (rivière aux Pommes), Portneuf RCM, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Montmorency River tributary), La Côte-de-Beaupré, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Prévost-Gilbert River tributary), Chaudière-Appalaches, Quebec, Canada
Noire River (Sainte-Anne River), sub-basin of the Sainte-Anne river in Portneuf RCM, Quebec, Canada
Rivière Noire or Little Black River (Saint John River tributary), in Quebec, Canada, and northern Maine, United States
Rivière Noire du Milieu (Black River of the Middle), a tributary of the Noire River flowing in Mont-Élie in Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in Quebec
Rivière Noire Sud-Ouest (Black River Southwest), a tributary of the Noire River flowing in Mont-Élie in Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in Quebec
Noire River (Montmorency River), a tributary of the Montmorency River in Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, Canada
Belgium
Eau Noire river, tributary of the Meuse where Neptune Caves are located
See also
List of rivers of Quebec, including several called Noire River or Rivière Noire
Black River (disambiguation)
Battle of Quiapo in the Arauco War was the final battle in the campaign of García Hurtado de Mendoza against the Mapuche under the toqui known as Lemucaguin or Caupolicán the younger. It was fought in Quiapo, Arauco Province, Chile on December 13, 1558.
References
Sources
Jerónimo de Vivar, Crónica y relación copiosa y verdadera de los reinos de Chile (Chronicle and abundant and true relation of the kingdoms of Chile) ARTEHISTORIA REVISTA DIGITAL; Crónicas de América (online in Spanish)
Capítulo CXLII Que trata de lo que hizo el gobernador don García Hurtado de Mendoza estando en la ciudad Imperial invernando e de cómo salió para la ciudad de Cañete
de Góngora Marmolejo, Alonso, Historia de Todas las Cosas que han Acaecido en el Reino de Chile y de los que lo han gobernado (1536-1575) (History of All the Things that Have happened in the Kingdom of Chile and of those that have governed it (1536-1575)), Edición digital a partir de Crónicas del Reino de Chile, Madrid, Atlas, 1960, pp. 75–224, (Biblioteca de Autores Españoles ; 565-568).
Capítulo XXX De cómo don García llegó a Cañete y de las cosas que hizo, y de cómo desbarató el fuerte que los indios tenían hecho en Quiapo, y del castigo que en ellos hizo.
Mariño de Lobera, Pedro, Crónica del Reino de Chile , escrita por el capitán Pedro Mariño de Lobera....reducido a nuevo método y estilo por el Padre Bartolomé de Escobar. Edición digital a partir de Crónicas del Reino de Chile Madrid, Atlas, 1960, pp. 227-562, (Biblioteca de Autores Españoles ; 569-575). Biblioteca Virtual Miguel de Cervantes (online in Spanish)
Libro 2, Capítulo XI, De la entrada del gobernador en la Imperial, y la insigne victoria que alcanzó en la memorable batalla en que fué desbaratado el fuerte Quiapo y la que hubo en la ciudad de Cañete. Y la prisión de Caupolicán en la quebrada.
Diego de Rosales Historia general de el Reino de Chile, Flandes Indiano, Tomo II, Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna, Impr. del Mercurio, Valparaiso, 1878.
Libro IV, Cap. XXI Como los indios aprendieron a disparar arcabuzes y hizieron un fuerte en Quiapo; gánansele los españoles y dan la paz al vencedor Don Garcia.
The Geographical, Natural, and Civil History of Chili By Don Juan Ignatius Molina, Longman, Hurst, Rees, and Orme, Paternoster-Row, London, 1809
Conflicts in 1558
Battles involving Spain
Battles of the Arauco War
1558 in the Captaincy General of Chile
The Jersey women's cricket team is the team that represents the Crown dependency of Jersey in international women's cricket matches. They became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 2005, and an associate member in 2007.
In April 2018, the ICC granted full Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Jersey women and another international side after 1 July 2018 will be a full WT20I. Their first game was against Guernsey on 31 May 2019; Jersey fielded seven players under the age of 15.
Development
Jersey Cricket requires increased participation and therefore performance from its teams. In order to achieve this, it continues to develop a sustainable structure that will provide cricket opportunities for all. To meet the needs of its growing player base, Jersey is in need of more trained coaches, umpires, scorers and administrators.
Jersey has put a high priority on developing women's cricket from grass root level to the senior national side. Hiring of Gemma Dunning as female development coach, courtesy Regional funding support in Jersey, has increased participation numbers in the girls' and women's game. Jersey is working closely with Hampshire CCC and the Guernsey Cricket Board in order to offer competitive and fun playing opportunities across all age groups.
Records and statistics
International Match Summary — Jersey Women
Last updated 25 June 2022
Twenty20 International
Highest team total: 175/4 v Spain on 6 May 2022 at Dreux Sport Cricket Club, Dreux.
Highest individual score: 59*, Trinity Smith v Spain on 6 May 2022 at Dreux Sport Cricket Club, Dreux.
Best individual bowling figures: 4/16, Rosa Hill v Norway on 3 August 2019 at Parc du Grand Blottereau, Nantes.
T20I record versus other nations
Records complete to WT20I #1151. Last updated 25 June 2022.
See also
Jersey Cricket Board
List of Jersey women Twenty20 International cricketers
References
External links
Official Website
FemaleCricket-Jersey
Cricinfo Jersey
Cricket in Jersey
Women's national cricket teams
Cricket
Jersey in international cricket
Women's sport in Jersey
The National Security Agency of El Salvador (, abbreviated as ANSESAL) was the national intelligence agency of El Salvador during the military regime and the civil war. The organization was known for using paramilitaries and death squads to carry out its activities.
History
The National Security Agency of El Salvador was established by President Julio Adalberto Rivera in 1965 and was originally named the National Intelligence Service (SNI). Its original purpose was to oversee the operations of the National Democratic Organization, a group of paramilitaries and death squads used to combat political and militant opposition to the government. The organization maintained detailed files of information of thousands of Salvadorans, with some of the files being created by the United States' CIA The organization was headed by General José Alberto Medrano and later Colonel Roberto Eulaio Santivanez. It was dissolved in 1992 with the signing of the Chapultepec Peace Accords.
See also
National Democratic Organization
References
Salvadoran Civil War
Song is the pinyin transliteration of the Chinese family name 宋. It is transliterated as Sung in Wade-Giles, and Soong is also a common transliteration. In addition to being a common surname, it is also the name of a Chinese dynasty, the Song dynasty, written with the same character.
In 2019 it was the 24th most common surname in Mainland China.
Historical origin
The first written record of the character 宋 was found on the oracle bones of the Shang dynasty, and Song is the formal inherited state of the dynasty. From Yinxu heritage population bore genetic testing, it has resemblance in mtDNA haplogroup to the northern Han Chinese consisted of the northern Han 72.1%, Tibeto-Burman 18% and Altaic populations 9.9%, which related to surname Zi.
State of Song
In the written records of Chinese history, the first time the character Song was used as a surname appeared in the early stage of the Zhou dynasty. One of the children of the last emperor of Shang dynasty, Weizi Qi (微子启), was a duke owned state named Song, the descent of his ancestor Xie (契), derived from surname Zi (子). Xie was born by Jiandi from swallow of black bird egg, who came from Yousong (有娀) the legendary state. The State of Song, Song's personal dominion, became part of the Zhou dynasty after the fall of the Shang dynasty, inherited the dynasty formally in 11th century BC. Citizens of the former State of Song commemorate to the overthrow of their state in 286 BC by the State of Qi owned by Tian, whom began to use the character Song as their surname, which is the authentic branch mainly.
Song dynasty
Emperor Huizong of Song's officer changed to name Song, using dynasty name as family name, who is imperial clan branch of Song dynasty.
Charlie Soong was Changed his family name from Han to Soon, then Soong, which was on of accepted English spellings of the dynasty name Song, the dynasty from the tenth to the thirteenth century in China.
Others
A branch of Miao people located in Guizhou announced that they are descendants of State of Song historically, called Songjia (宋家), known as Chiefdom of Shuidong afterwards, who had a sub-branch merged into Luodian Kingdom as Yi-speaking people.
Otherwise, a clan of Xiqiang (西羌) people was submitted to Northern Wei dynasty during Southern and Northern Dynasties period in the year AD 518, using that surname. Previously, there was a person called Song Jian (宋建) from Fuhan, who was one of the leaders of Liang Province rebellion belonged to Qiang tribes.
Moreover, the surname contains a branch clan derived from an ancestor named Temuer or Timur (帖木儿) with grant of seal, used the character since Ming dynasty. And there is another family clan origin located in Pingyang called Dashila (答失剌), who used this character in the same dynasty.
Blood type distribution
Population of surname Song's ABO blood type distribution is O blood type 31.3%, B blood type 30.6%, A blood type 28.4% and AB blood type 9.7%.
Variations
A less common Chinese family name (崇 pinyin Chóng) can also be transliterated to Soong in some Chinese dialects.
The surname is also used in Korea.
In Vietnam, the surname is pronounced as Tống.
Notable people
Historical figures
Song Wuji, Zhou dynasty fangshi of Fangxian Tao in State of Yan
Song Yu, Zhou dynasty poet
Song Yi (died 207 BC), minister of Chu
Consort Song, Han dynasty empress
Empress Song (Han dynasty), Han dynasty empress
Song Qian, Eastern Wu military officer in the Three Kingdoms era
Song Hun, d. 361, regent of the Chinese state Former Liang during the Sixteen Kingdoms era
Song Bian, Northern Wei official, during Southern and Northern Dynasties period
Song Zhiwen, b. 656, early Tang dynasty poet
Song Jing, b. 663, Tang dynasty chancellor
Song Shenxi, d. 833, Tang dynasty chancellor
Song Wentong, b. 856, Tang dynasty warlord, changed surname to Li since 886
Song Jingyang, b.911, local chief administrative officer became Tusi chieftain of Chiefdom of Shuidong
Song Shou, b. 991, Song dynasty assistant administer of political affairs
Song Di, b. ca. 1015, Song dynasty scholar-official and artist
Song Ci, b. 1186, Song dynasty writer of Collected Cases of Injustice Rectified
Song Zhun, Song dynasty scholar
Song Lian, b. 1310, Ming dynasty historian
Song Maojin, b. 1368, Ming dynasty landscape painter
Song Xu, b. 1525, Ming dynasty landscape painter
Song Maocheng, b. 1570, Ming dynasty writer, changed surname from Zhao family clan
Song Yingxing, b. 1587, Ming dynasty scientist and encyclopedist
Song Wan, b. 1614, Qing dynasty Chinese poet and government official
Modern figures
Song Yuren, b. 1857, early period positive reformist philosopher
Charlie Soong, b. 1863, missionary and businessman, several of whose children were highly influential in early 20th century China:
children include (see, chronologically, below): Soong sisters (Soong Ai-ling, Soong Ching-ling and Soong Mei-ling), and their brother T. V. Soong
Sir Song Ong Siang, b. 1871, Singaporean lawyer and Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Song Shijie, b. 1873, Chinese revolutionary
Song Jiaoren, b. 1882, President of the Kuomintang
Song Zheyuan, b. 1885, Kuomintang general
Soong Ai-ling, b. 1890, wife of H. H. Kung
Soong Ching-ling, b. 1893, wife of Sun Yat Sen and Vice chairman of the People's Republic of China
T. V. Soong, b. 1894, businessman and Premier of the Republic of China
Soong Mei-ling, b. 1897, wife of Chiang Kai-shek
Song Shi-Lun, b. 1899, PLA general
Song Renqiong, b. 1909, PLA general
Song Ping, b. 1917, Communist Party official
Song Xi, b. 1920, former President of the Chinese Culture University
Song Jian, b. 1931, aerospace engineer, demographer, and politician
James Soong, b. 1942, Republic of China governor
Song Defu, b. 1946, Communist Party politician
Sung, Chi-li, b. 1948, Taiwanese religious leader
Song Tao, b. 1955, diplomat and politician
Song Xiaobo, b. 1958, female basketball player and coach
Song Dandan, b. 1961, actress
Song Lianyong, b. 1965, football player from Hong Kong
Song Tao, b. 1965, basketball player
Song Zuying, b. 1966, ethnic Miao Chinese singer
Song Ligang, b. 1967, Chinese basketball player
Song Weiping, b. 1967, billionaire
Song Zude, b. 1968, entertainment manager
Anna Song, b. 1976, Taiwanese American journalist
Song Aimin, b. 1978, discus thrower
Devon Song, b. 1980, Taiwanese singer-songwriter
Song Lun, b. 1981, figure skater
Song Zhenyu, b. 1981, football player
Song Hongjuan, b. 1984, Chinese race walker
Sarah Song, b. 1985, Miss Chinese International 2007
Song Qian b. 1987, leader of the female South Korean group f(x)
Song Yuqi, b. 1999, dancer, singer, member of the South Korean group (G)I-DLE
Song Dan, b. 1990, female Chinese javelin thrower
Song Nan, b. 1990, figure skater
Sung Chia-Hao, b. 1992, Taiwanese baseball pitcher who plays with Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles
Song Andong, b. 1997, first Chinese-born ice hockey player ever drafted by an NHL pro team (2015)
Sung Yu-hsieh, b.1956, former Minister of Research, Development and Evaluation Commission of the Republic of China
Jeannette Song, Chinese and American management scientist
Sung Nien-yu, Taiwanese singer, songwriter, and record producer
Song Weilong, b. 1999, Chinese actor and model
Song Yaxuan, b. 2004, Chinese singer and actor
Fictional characters
Song Jiang, major character in 14th century novel Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature
Song Qing younger brother of Song Jiang
Song Wan, fictional character in the Water Margin
Song Yiren, character featured within the famed Ming dynasty novel Investiture of the Gods
Song Yuanqiao, b. 1295, character in novel The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber by Jin Yong
Song Qingshu, son of Song Yuanqiao
Noonien Soong, The creator of the android Data in Star Trek
Arik Soong, great grandfather of Noonien Soong
See also
Song (Korean name)
Brenda Song, b. 1988, 熊 (original surname Xiong (熊; Xyooj in Hmong), but changed their last name to Song when the family immigrated to the United States
Xirong
References
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
Nemacerota matsumurana is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in Nepal.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
The Null Stern Hotel is a former nuclear bunker converted into a hotel. A prototype opened in Teufen, Appenzellerland, Switzerland on June 5, 2009, and was transformed into a museum in June 2010. Future hotels are under planning in urban locations.
Concept
Null stern in German means zero star. This does not refer to the classification, but is part of the hotel brand name Null Stern – the only star is you.
The hotel was conceived by Daniel Charbonnier, MD Minds in Motion SA and Frank and Patrik Riklin, Artists, Atelier für Sonderaufgaben. In need of additional lodging capacity and choice, the local Commune of Sevelen (City Council) decided to turn to the art world to assist with transforming a Swiss nuclear bunker into affordable accommodation, leading to the night test in October 2008.
The artists claim its concept found its roots and values at the core of today's world of changing economic, ecological and social environments. The idea was to offer a “second life” to unused real estate while providing tailored customer service in a minimalistic environment. On 5 June 2009, a Null Stern Hotel prototype opened its doors in Teufen, Appenzellerland, Switzerland, and was transformed into a museum a year later in June 2010.
A "commercial expansion" was announced at the same time, but no other Null Stern Hotel has opened so far.
Awards
The Null Stern Hotel was nominated at the Worldwide Hospitality Awards 2009 for the best innovation of the year. GEO, February 2010, ranked the Null Stern Hotel among the Top 100 Hotels In Europe.
References
External links
Official website
Hotels in Switzerland
Pan Pierre Koulibaly (born 24 March 1986), commonly known as Pierre Koulibaly, is a Burkinabé footballer who plays soccer for Saham Club in Oman Professional League.
Personal life
Pierre's twin brother, Paul Koulibaly is also a professional footballer who plies his trade with Guinea's Horoya AC.
Club career
Étoile Filante de Ouagadougou (EFO)
Pierre began his professional footballing career in 2005 with his parent club, Étoile Filante de Ouagadougou. In his two-year spell with the Ouagadougou-based club, he helped them win the 2006 Coupe du Faso and also the 2005–06 Burkinabé SuperCup. In late December 2006, news speculated that Tunisian giants, Étoile Sportive du Sahel and Club Africain are interested in obtaining the services of the 19-year old Burkinabé footballer.
Al-Ittihad
He first moved out of Burkina Faso in 2007 to North Africa and more accurately to Libya where he signed a three-year contract with Tripoli's Al-Ittihad Club. In his three-year spell with the Tripoli-based club, he helped them win the 2008–09 Libyan Premier League and the 2009–10 Libyan Premier League, the 2009 Libyan Cup and the 2010 Libyan Super Cup.
Al-Nasr
In January 2008, the Burkinabé international was loaned to his former club's rivals and another Libyan giants, Al-Nasr SC of Benghazi.
KV Mechelen
Following a massive three-week-old uprising that had rocked the North African nation, Libya, Pierre fled the crisis in Libya and moved to Europe and more accurately to Belgium where he was immediately subjected to a trial at Belgian Pro League club, KV Mechelen.
On 28 January 2011, he signed a one-year contract with the Mechelen-based club. He made his Belgian Pro League debut and scored his first goal on 12 February 2011 in a 3–1 win over K.V.C. Westerlo. He scored 1 goal in 6 appearances in the 2010–11 Belgian Pro League.
He made his first appearance in the 2011–12 Belgian Pro League on 5 August 2011 in a 3–1 loss against Belgian giants, R.S.C. Anderlecht. He also made his Belgian Cup debut on 21 September 2011 in a 3–0 win over K.V. Oostende in the Round 6 of the 2011–12 Belgian Cup. He made 6 appearances in the 2011–12 Belgian Pro League.
SK Sint-Niklaas
In December 2011, he moved to Sint-Niklaas where on 1 January 2012 he moved on loan on a six-month contract to Belgian Second Division club, Sportkring Sint-Niklaas, commonly known as, SK Sint-Niklaas. He made his Belgian Second Division debut and scored his first goal on 15 January 2012 in a 2–2 draw against R. White Star Bruxelles. He scored 5 goals in 12 appearances in the 2011–12 Belgian Second Division.
Montegnée
Later in June 2012, he moved to Saint-Nicolas, Liège where he signed a six-month contract with Belgian Provincial League club, R.R.F.C. Montegnée.
Al-Thaid
Later in 2012, he again made a move out of Burkina Faso and this time to the Middle East and more accurately to the United Arab Emirates where he signed a two-year contract with UAE First Division League club, Al-Thaid. He made his UAE First Division League debut on 10 November 2012 in a 1–0 win over Al-Fujairah SC and scored his first goal on 16 November 2012 in a 2–0 win over Hatta Club. He came into limelight after scoring a number of braces in the competition against teams like Al-Rams, Masafi Club, Al-Khaleej Club and Al-Jazira Al-Hamra. He also scored a hat-trick in the 2012–13 season in a 4–4 draw against Hatta Club. He scored 14 goals in 17 matches in the 2012–13 UAE First Division League.
He made his first appearance in the 2013–14 season and scored his first goal on 28 September 2013 in a 2–1 win over Al-Ittihad Kalba SC in the Preliminary Qualification for the 2013–14 UAE President's Cup. In the very next match in the competition, he scored a brace helping his side secure a 2–1 win over Dibba Al-Hisn Sports Club and helping them advance to the Round 8 of the Preliminary Qualification where too he scored a goal in a 3–2 loss against the UAE Pro League side, Al-Nasr Dubai SC. He made his first appearance in the 2013–14 UAE First Division League on 16 November 2013 in a 3–1 loss against Dibba Al-Hisn Sports Club and scored his first goal on 27 December 2013 in a 2–1 win over Al-Tawoon CSC. The Burkinabé international earned the praise of many in the nation as he scored a total of 16 goals in six consecutive games towards the end of the season which included a brace on 25 April 2014 in a 4–3 loss against Al-Fujairah SC, 3 consecutive hat-tricks in a 5–0 win over Al-Tawoon CSC, 3–0 win over Al-Khaleej Club and a 4–1 win over Masafi Club within a span of two weeks and a super hat-trick on 2 February 2015 in a 4–0 win over Al-Rams. thus scoring a total of 24 goals in 23 appearances in the 2013–14 season of UAE's First Division League. He scored 4 goals in 3 appearances in the Preliminary Qualification for the 2013–14 UAE President's Cup.
In the 2014–15 season, he made his first appearance and scored his first goal on 13 September 2014 in a 2–2 draw against Al-Urooba in the 2014–15 UAE FA Cup. He made his first appearance in the 2014–15 UAE First Division League on 15 November 2014 in a 3–3 draw against Al-Khaleej Club and scored his first goal on 28 November 2014 in a 1–1 draw against Hatta Club. His goal tally also included a super hat-trick on 3 April 2015 in a 4–1 win over Al-Tawoon CSC. He scored 10 goals in 13 appearances in the 2014-15 UAE First Division League and 3 goals in 3 appearances in the 2014–15 UAE FA Cup thus ending his three-year long spell with the Sharjah-based club.
Saham
In January 2015, he again moved out to the Middle East and this time to Oman where he signed a six-month contract with Oman Professional League club, Saham Club. He made his debut and scored his first goal for the club on 14 January 2015 in a 2–2 draw against Al-Shabab Club in the Round of 16 of the 2015–16 Sultan Qaboos Cup which was later won 5–3 on penalties by Saham, which included a penalty from the Burkinabé international. He made his Oman Professional League debut on 18 January 2016 in a 0–0 draw against Al-Khabourah SC and scored his first goal on 23 January 2016 in a 3–1 loss against Al-Nahda Club.
Club career statistics
References
External links
Pan Pierre Koulibaly - GOAL
Pan Pierre Koulibaly - fanet.ae
Pan Pierre Koulibaly – YouTube
Pan Pierre Koulibaly – YouTube
1986 births
Living people
People from Bobo-Dioulasso
Twin people from Burkina Faso
Twin sportspeople
Burkinabé footballers
Burkinabé expatriate footballers
Burkina Faso international footballers
Association football forwards
Étoile Filante de Ouagadougou players
Al-Ittihad Club (Tripoli) players
K.V. Mechelen players
R.R.F.C. Montegnée players
Saham SC players
Sharjah FC players
Al Dhaid SC players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Oman Professional League players
Expatriate footballers in Libya
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in Libya
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in Oman
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
UAE First Division League players
Sportkring Sint-Niklaas players
Libyan Premier League players
21st-century Burkinabé people
Robbins Hill () is a hill, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, which is the East-most rock unit on the north side of the terminus of Blue Glacier, on Scott Coast, Victoria Land. The feature rises to 1140 m in the west portion. Named after Rob Robbins, who in 1999 completed 20 consecutive years of deployment to Antarctica in various positions held for three United States Antarctic Program (USAP) support contractors at McMurdo and Palmer Stations; wintered at McMurdo, 1981 and 1985; construction diver/divemaster, McMurdo and Palmer Stations, 1985–86, 1988–89, 1995-96 seasons; Scientific Diving Coordinator, McMurdo and Palmer Stations, 1996-99 seasons. Mr. Robbins made over 1,000 dives in Antarctica for USAP and supported science in many locations around McMurdo Sound.
External links
Hills of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Don Juan is a 1926 American romantic adventure film directed by Alan Crosland. It is the first feature-length film to utilize the Vitaphone sound-on-disc sound system with a synchronized musical score and sound effects, though it has no spoken dialogue. The film is inspired by Lord Byron's 1821 epic poem of the same name. The screenplay was written by Bess Meredyth with intertitles by Maude Fulton and Walter Anthony.
Don Juan stars John Barrymore as the hand-kissing womanizer. The film has the most kisses in film history, with Barrymore kissing (all together) Mary Astor and Estelle Taylor 127 times.
Plot
In the prologue, Don José, warned of his wife's infidelity, seals his wife's lover alive in his hiding place and drives her from the castle; abandoned to his lust, he is stabbed by his last mistress, and with his dying words he implores his son, Don Juan, to take all from women but yield nothing. Ten years later, young Don Juan, a graduate of the University of Pisa, is famous as a lover and pursued by many women, including the powerful Lucrezia Borgia, who invites him to her ball. His contempt for her incites her hatred of Adriana, the daughter of the Duke Della Varnese, with whom he is enraptured; and Lucrezia plots to marry her to Count Giano Donati, one of the Borgia henchmen, and poison the duke. Don Juan intervenes and thwarts the scheme, winning the love of Adriana, but the Borgia declare war on the duke's kinsmen, offering them safety if Adriana marries Donati; Don Juan is summoned to the wedding, but he prefers death to marriage with Lucrezia. He escapes and kills Donati in a duel. The lovers are led to the death-tower, but while Adriana pretends suicide, he escapes; and following a series of battles, he defeats his pursuers and is united with Adriana.
Cast
John Barrymore as Don Jose de Marana/Don Juan de Marana
Jane Winton as Donna Isobel
John Roche as Leandro
Warner Oland as Cesare Borgia
Estelle Taylor as Lucrezia Borgia
Montagu Love as Count Giano Donati
Josef Swickard as Duke Della Varnese
Willard Louis as Pedrillo
Nigel De Brulier as Marchese Rinaldo
Hedda Hopper as Marchesia Rinaldo
Myrna Loy as Mai, Lady in Waiting
Mary Astor as Adriana della Varnese
Lionel Braham as Duke Margoni (uncredited)
Helene Costello as Rena, Adriana's Maid (uncredited)
Helena D'Algy as Donna Elvira, Murderess (uncredited)
Yvonne Day as Don Juan at age 5 (uncredited)
Philippe De Lacy as Don Juan at age 10 (uncredited)
Emily Fitzroy as The Dowager (uncredited)
Johnny George - Hunchback/Castlekeeper/Informer (uncredited)
Gibson Gowland as Gentleman of Rome (uncredited)
Phyllis Haver as Imperia (uncredited)
Sheldon Lewis as Gentleman of Rome (uncredited)
June Marlowe as Trusia (uncredited)
Dick Sutherland as Gentleman of Rome (uncredited)
Gustav von Seyffertitz as Neri, the Alchemist (uncredited)
Helen Lee Worthing as Eleanora (uncredited)
Premiere
Don Juan premiered August 5, 1926, at the Warner Theatre in New York City preceded by a program of other shorts demonstrating Vitaphone.
Production
Lou Tellegen, an early film matinee idol, had starred in a Broadway production based on the Don Juan legend in 1921. This play ran only 14 performances at the Garrick Theatre. The soundtrack for the film was performed by the New York Philharmonic. George Groves, on assignment from The Vitaphone Corporation, was charged with recording the soundtrack to the film. He devised an innovative, multi-microphone technique and performed a live mix of the 107-piece orchestra. In doing so he became the first music mixer in film history.
Reception
The film was a box-office success being Warners' biggest grossing film to date with earnings of $1,693,000 despite negative reviews from New York film critics. According to Warners records, the film earned $1,258,000 in the U.S. and $435,000 in other markets.
Opening night tickets cost $10, and it was the first film on Broadway to charge over $3 for a regular ticket with the top prices at $3.30 each night. In the five performances over the weekend, it grossed $13,787 with people literally fighting to get in and tickets changing hands for $5.
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
2001: AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills – Nominated
2002: AFI's 100 Years...100 Passions – Nominated
Legal issues
On August 24, two weeks after the premier, The New York Times reported that ASCAP was pursuing claims of copyright infringement on behalf of publisher Robbins-Engel Music over the score for Don Juan. Composer William Axt had used two pieces that he'd previously composed for a silent film mood music library owned by Robbins-Engel, "The Fire Agitato" and "In Gloomy Forests," along with several pieces of European classical music that were still under copyright. One of the compositions Axt interpolated in the score for Don Juan was "Till Eulenspiegel's Merry Pranks," a tone poem by the German composer Richard Strauss. At the time of the event, the Warner Theatre had a valid ASCAP license for public performance, and had paid the statutory mechanical royalties for the Vitaphone discs containing the soundtrack audio, but they hadn't licensed the copyrighted compositions specifically for synchronization rights. The matter was settled out of court, and the Warner Theatre's Music Director, Herman Heller, assigned Ottalie Mark to the task of creating a copyright research database for Warner Bros. Pictures to prevent further infringement claims.
Preservation status
A print of Don Juan, including its Vitaphone soundtrack, still survives and is preserved at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
Home media
In 2011, the film, along with the original Vitaphone sound shorts, was released on manufactured-on-demand DVD by the Warner Archive Collection.
See also
List of early Warner Bros. talking features
References
External links
lobby poster(DoctorMacro)
atmospheric graveyard scene deleted from the final version of the film](archived)
1926 films
1926 adventure films
1920s romantic drama films
American adventure comedy films
American romantic drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films based on poems
Films based on the Don Juan legend
Films directed by Alan Crosland
Transitional sound films
Warner Bros. films
Adaptations of works by Lord Byron
Films set in Italy
Films set in the 16th century
Cultural depictions of Cesare Borgia
Cultural depictions of Lucrezia Borgia
Films with screenplays by Bess Meredyth
1926 comedy films
1926 drama films
Early sound films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American comedy films
Silent adventure films
Silent American drama films
Kristen Nora Connolly (born July 12, 1980) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Dana in the 2011 film The Cabin in the Woods, Christina Gallagher on the Netflix series House of Cards and Jamie Campbell on the CBS series Zoo.
Career
Connolly began her career with recurring roles on several CollegeHumor digital shorts. She appeared as an extra on the films Mona Lisa Smile, Meet Dave, and The Happening. She has also appeared on two CBS daytime soap operas with recurring roles on Guiding Light and As the World Turns.
She first gained mainstream recognition in 2012, after starring as the main protagonist Dana in the Joss Whedon/Drew Goddard film The Cabin in the Woods. She also starred in the horror film The Bay. In 2013, she had a starring role as Christina Gallagher on the Netflix series House of Cards alongside Kevin Spacey. On September 1, 2014 the A&E Houdini miniseries premiered with 3.7 million viewers, Connolly plays Bess Houdini with Academy Award-winning Adrien Brody playing Harry Houdini. Connolly also portrayed Jamie, a passionate journalist in the CBS drama-thriller series Zoo and co-starred as Lena in the drama series The Whispers. In 2014 she portrayed Petra Anderson in the drama thriller film A Good Marriage, based on Stephen King's short story of the same name.
Personal life
She is married to Stephen O'Reilly with whom she has two children.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from New Jersey
American film actresses
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
Middlebury College alumni
People from Montclair, New Jersey
Elmacık is a village in the Kemer district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Kemer District, Burdur
Sancar, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Charles Vyt (born 2 January 1914, date of death unknown) was a Belgian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and he was also the flag bearer for Belgium at these Olympics.
References
External links
1914 births
Year of death missing
Belgian male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Belgium
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
People from Brasschaat
Sportspeople from Antwerp Province
Aleksandr Viktorovich Zatayevich (; 6 December 1936) was a Russian music ethnographer and exponent of Central Asian folk music.
Life
Zatayevich was born on 20 March 1869 in Oryol. He graduated from the Oryol military gymnasium in 1886. He was largely self-taught in music theory. He lived in Warsaw, Moscow, and Saint Petersburg, then finally settled in Orenburg in 1920, where he began his most significant work. He worked as an ethnographer, collector, researcher on Kazakh folk music, and recorded about 3,000 instrumental melodies. He contributed to the Warsaw Diary which published music critiques and analyses. He wrote over 2,300 pieces of Kazakh folk music, of which 1,500 were published in two volumes during his life. He was the first to create a categorization system for Kazakh music, including genres such as historic, comedic, and legendary. He died on 6 December 1936 in Moscow.
In 1896, he was the dedicatee of Sergei Rachmaninoff's Six moments musicaux.
Bibliography
—. 1000 songs of Kyrgyz/Kazakh people: tunes and melodies. Orenburg, 1925.
—. 500 songs and kyuis of Aday, Bukey, Semipalatinsk, and the Ural Kazakhs. Alma-Ata, 1931.
References
Russian ethnographers
Russian composers
Russian male composers
1869 births
1936 deaths
People from Oryol
The Cape lobster, Homarinus capensis, is a species of small lobster that lives off the coast of South Africa, from Dassen Island to Haga Haga. Only a few dozen specimens are known, mostly regurgitated by reef-dwelling fish. It lives in rocky reefs, and is thought to lay large eggs that have a short larval phase, or that hatch directly as a juvenile. The species grows to a total length of , and resembles a small European or American lobster; it was previously included in the same genus, Homarus, although it is not very closely related to those species, and is now considered forming a separate, monotypic genus – Homarinus. Its closest relatives are the genera Thymops and Thymopides.
Distribution and ecology
The Cape lobster is endemic to South Africa. It occurs from Dassen Island, Western Cape in the west to Haga Haga, Eastern Cape in the east, a range of . Most of the known specimens were regurgitated by fish caught on reefs at depths of . This suggests that the Cape lobster inhabits rocky substrates, and may explain its apparent rarity, since such areas are not amenable to dredging or trawling, and the species may be too small to be retained by lobster traps.
Description
Homarinus capensis is considerably smaller than the large northern lobsters of the Atlantic Ocean, Homarus gammarus (the European lobster) and Homarus americanus (the American lobster), at total length, or carapace length. Accounts of the colouration of H. capensis are very variable, from tawny, red or yellow to "a rather dark olive", similar to Homarus gammarus.
Homarinus and Homarus are considered to be the most plesiomorphic genera in the family Nephropidae. Nonetheless, the Cape lobster differs from Homarus in a number of characters. The rostrum of the Cape lobster is flattened, while that of Homarus is rounded in section, and curves upwards at the tip. The three pairs of claws are covered with hairs in Homarinus, while those of Homarus are hairless. The telson tapers along its length in Homarus, but has sides which are nearly parallel in Homarinus. Although no egg-bearing females have been collected, the gonopores (openings of the oviducts) of female Cape lobsters are much larger than those of Homarus gammarus and Homarus americanus. This is thought to indicate that Homarinus bears fewer, larger eggs than Homarus, and that either the larvae develop quickly into juveniles after hatching, or that the eggs hatch directly into juveniles.
Taxonomy and evolution
Cape lobsters are elusive and rare, with only fourteen specimens having been collected between 1792 (the date of its first description) and 1992. These include five males in the collections of the South African Museum (Cape Town), two in the Natural History Museum (London), one in each of the East London Museum, the (Leiden) and the Albany Museum (Grahamstown), and one male and one female in the (Paris). In 1992, a Cape lobster was discovered at Dassen Island, and the publicity the find generated resulted in more than 20 additional specimens being reported.
The Cape lobster was first described by Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herbst in 1792 as Cancer (Astacus) capensis. It was independently described in 1793 by Johan Christian Fabricius as Astacus flavus, possibly based on the same type specimen. When Friedrich Weber erected the genus Homarus in 1795, he included Fabricius' species in it, but this placement was not followed by later authors. The species reached its current classification in 1995, when the monotypic genus Homarinus was erected by Irv Kornfield, Austin B. Williams and Robert S. Steneck.
While analyses of morphology suggest a close relationship between Homarinus and Homarus, molecular analyses using mitochondrial DNA reveal that they are not sister taxa. Both genera lack ornamentation such as spines and carinae, but are thought to have reached that state independently, through convergent evolution. The closest living relative of Homarus is Nephrops norvegicus, while the closest relatives of Homarinus are Thymops and Thymopides.
Notes
References
External links
True lobsters
Endemic crustaceans of South Africa
Crustaceans described in 1792
War Babies was an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1988, fronted by former TKO vocalist Brad Sinsel. Although associated with hard rock, the band's sound incorporated some elements of grunge music. They only released one album, in 1992, the self-titled War Babies.
History
After the break-up of TKO, vocalist Brad Sinsel and guitarist Rick Pierce (ex-TKO, Q5, Ze Whiz Kidz) teamed up for a project called Suicide Squad, aided by Seattle drummer, Richard Stuverud who had played with punk rock band, The Fastbacks, and was working with the power metal band Fifth Angel. Suicide Squad released the one-off album, Live it While You Can, (1988), an EP engineered by Jack Endino, on the Music For Nations label in Europe.
After Suicide Squad, Sinsel spent time in Los Angeles but was eventually contacted by Stuverud to check out his new band, War Babies with guitarist, Tommy 'Gunn' McMullin. Stuverud and McMullin persuaded Sinsel to join War Babies and the band began to gig around the Seattle area, playing with popular local bands such as Mother Love Bone, Alice in Chains, Soundgarden, and others. In 1990, at the time of Andrew Wood's death and the end of Mother Love Bone, Jeff Ament joined War Babies for a brief period before he left to join Stone Gossard's new band, Pearl Jam.
War Babies, featuring the line-up of Brad Sinsel (vocals), Tommy "Gunn" McMullin (guitars), Guy Lacey (guitars), Shawn Trotter (bass), and Richard Stuverud (drums) scored a contract with Columbia Records in 1991. They recorded their debut album, War Babies (1992) at A&M Studios in Hollywood, CA with noted producer, Thom Panunzio and engineer, Bill Kennedy. Their first single and MTV video, "Hang Me Up", was co-written by McMullin and Paul Stanley of Kiss. Two other singles were released, "Blue Tomorrow" (a song dedicated to Andrew Wood, who was a friend of Sinsel and McMullin's), and the power ballad, "Cry Yourself to Sleep", co-written by Sinsel and Stanley. The song "In The Wind" can be heard in the 1992 film Buffy the Vampire Slayer but was not included on the official soundtrack.
By 1993, the War Babies' sound was deemed too glam metal, and the band broke up. They played their last show on June 6, 1992 as part of the "Rock the Environment" benefit with headliners Queensrÿche, Heart, The Walkabouts, Metal Church, Bananafish, and Rumors of the Big Wave, among others.
War Babies was re-issued by German label UlfTone Music in 2003 and French company Bad Reputation in 2007; both contain radio edits of "Hang Me Up" and "Cry Yourself to Sleep" and an alternate 'guitar version' of the latter as bonus tracks.
After War Babies, McMullin started the band The Dead Letters while Lacey and Trotter formed 8 Days In Jail and later joined Seattle punk rock band Sledgeback. McMullin has been fronting Gunn and the Damage Done for the past several years; they released their debut album, Bury My Heart, in 2010.
Stuverud joined and recorded with several Seattle bands, the most notable being Three Fish, a side-project featuring Pearl Jam bassist, Jeff Ament and Robbi Robb of Tribe After Tribe. Three Fish released the albums Three Fish (1996) and The Quiet Table (1999), through Epic Records. Stuverud also contributed to Tribe After Tribe albums, Pearls Before Swine (1997) and M.O.A.B. (2007). Stuverud and Ament's other collaborations include Tres Mts., Three Mountains (2011), with Doug Pinnick of King's X and guest guitarist Mike McCready, and RNDM (pronounced "random") with singer/songwriter Joseph Arthur; RNDM issued their debut album, Acts, in 2012, and followed up in 2016 with the album, Ghost Riding.
Sinsel's recent projects include American Standard with Flipp guitarist Brynn Arens who issued the "Send Me An Angel" b/w "My Only Friend" single in 2009, Americana acts The McClellans, and Angels Of Dresden. The latter released a digital single, "Doomday", via Suna Sounds in May 2014, with a guest appearance by Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready.
Discography
Studio albums
War Babies (1992)
Singles
"Hang Me Up" (1991)
"Cry Yourself to Sleep" (1992)
"Blue Tomorrow" (1992)
Soundtrack appearances
"In the Wind" (from Buffy the Vampire Slayer) (1992)
Music videos
"Hang Me Up" (1991)
"Blue Tomorrow" (1992)
References
External links
Full In Bloom Music interview with Brad Sinsel
Hard rock musical groups from Washington (state)
Grunge musical groups
Musical groups established in 1988
Musical groups disestablished in 1993
Musical groups from Seattle
Grimley is a village and civil parish () in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England about north of Worcester.
It is known for the Norman Parish Church; St Bartholomew. A la Carte Restaurant; Wagon Wheel. A 16th-century Inn; The Camp House Inn. Bevere Lock. Primary School. Grimley Gravel Pits (or -Pools), a gravel quarry and nature reserve SSSI.
The villages of Sinton Green and Monkwood Green sit within Grimley Parish.
History
The place-name 'Grimley' is first attested in a Saxon charter of 851, where it appears as Grimanlea. In the Domesday Book of 1086 it appears as Grimanleh. The name means 'wood haunted by a ghost or spectre' (Old English grima).
It once housed a monastery which was reputedly linked to Holt Castle via tunnels, and has been a site of refuge for thousands of years.
Following the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834, Grimley Parish ceased to be responsible for maintaining the poor in its parish. This responsibility was transferred to Martley Poor Law Union.
References
Nearby
Holt
Grimley in fiction
Although the film Brassed off is located in Grimley, the real band was located in Grimethorpe.
External links
A walk around Grimley
St. Bartholomew's Church
List of Rectors, 1269-1988
Villages in Worcestershire
Nature reserves in Worcestershire
Civil parishes in Worcestershire
Kottachantha is a village in Palakkad District of Kerala state, South India. It is 18 km away from Palakkad town under Alathur Taluk and spreads into Kottayi and Peringottukurissi grama panchayat. Mainly speak in Malayalam and English, Tamil and Hindi. The name of the village comes from two combination words which are ‘Kotta' and ‘Chantha' which means fort and market.
References
Villages in Palakkad district
Calle Facius (born 1 January 1971) is a Danish former professional footballer who made 300 appearances in the Superliga for AaB, Ikast FS and Vejle Boldklub.
References
1971 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Danish Superliga players
Association football midfielders
AaB Fodbold players
Vejle Boldklub players
FC Midtjylland players
Walnut Grove is a historic house on a Southern plantation in Mount Pleasant, Maury County, Tennessee, USA.
History
The house was completed in 1858, replacing an earlier house that burned and was torn down in 1857. It was designed in the Greek Revival architectural style by Nathan Vaught, a local master builder.
The house was built for Sabrina (Sabra) Boddie Lawrence, who inherited a large plantation and the previous house in 1841. She personally managed the plantation and at the start of the American Civil War was a prominent local landowner, owning almost as much land as any other person in the county.
After Lawrence died in 1867, her heirs sold or leased the house for an Episcopal school for boys around 1880, known has Otey school; the house was used for a few years as a dormitory. It was sold in 1888 and returned to use as a private home. A detached kitchen still exists on the property, built prior to 1826 and surviving the 1857 fire; according to local lore it is the oldest brick building in the Mount Pleasant area.
Heritage significance
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since March 8, 1984, significant as an example of late 1850s Greek Revival style and its association with Lawrence and with Nathan Vaught.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Houses in Maury County, Tennessee
Houses completed in 1857
Greek Revival houses in Tennessee
Plantation houses in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Maury County, Tennessee
1857 establishments in Tennessee
Uppermill Railway Station served the village of Uppermill in Oldham. It was built by the London and North Western Railway on their Micklehurst Line from Stalybridge to Diggle and Huddersfield. It opened in 1886 and closed to passengers in 1917. Regular passenger trains continued to pass through the station until 1964 and the line was closed completely in 1966.
References
An Illustrated History of Oldham's Railways by John Hooper ()
Disused railway stations in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1886
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1917
Alexander (Alec) Patrick Bell (23 February 1915 – 12 April 1956) was an Argentine born English cricketer and rugby union player. Bell was a right-handed batsman and played centre for the Northampton Saints rugby team. He was born at Rosario, Santa Fe.
Bell made three first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in the 1934 County Championship against Worcestershire, Middlesex and Glamorgan. In these three matches, he scored a total of just 37 runs at an average of 6.16, with a high score of 24. He later made thirteen Minor Counties Championship appearances for Hertfordshire between 1946 and 1949.
As a rugby player he was a prolific try-scoring centre and captained the Northampton Saints for 3 years from 1943 to 1946.
Bell died from a brain trauma at Oxford, Oxfordshire on 12 April 1956.
References
External links
Alexander Bell at ESPNcricinfo
Alexander Bell at CricketArchive
1915 births
1956 deaths
Sportspeople from Rosario, Santa Fe
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Hertfordshire cricketers
Rugby union centres
Northampton Saints players
Argentine emigrants to the United Kingdom
Dejan Jeftić (born March 13, 1989) is a Bosnian professional basketball player who most recently played for Zlatibor of the ABA League Second Division.
Professional career
On 13 January 2021, Jeftić signed for a Serbian team Zlatibor.
References
External links
Dejan Jeftic at eurobasket.com
Dejan Jeftic at fiba.com
1989 births
Living people
Basketball League of Serbia players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina men's basketball players
Hacettepe Üniversitesi B.K. players
Lions de Genève players
Kapfenberg Bulls players
KK Bosna Royal players
KK Sloboda Tuzla players
KK Vršac players
KK Zlatibor players
KK Radnik Bijeljina players
Norrköping Dolphins players
Small forwards
Södertälje Kings players
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Thrikkadavoor Sivaraju ( 1973) is an elephant from southern Kerala owned by Travancore Devaswom. At an height of 311 cm, Sivaraju is one of the tallest living elephants from Kerala.
In February 2020, Sivaraju received an amount of Rs 3,19,000 for chathinamkulam Festival, which was the highest amount of money that an elephant can get for a festival in Kerala. This record was previously held by Gajarajan Guruvayur Padmanabhan, who received the highest donation fee in 2004.
See also
List of individual elephants
References
1973 animal births
Individual elephants
Elephants in Indian culture
Individual animals in India
Elephants in Hinduism
Elephants in Kerala
UE 900 and UE 900S are noise-isolating ear phones manufactured and marketed by Logitech, under the Ultimate Ears brand. They are aimed at listeners who prefer neutral sound signature. They are rated as one of the best ear phones in its price range by CNET.
The ear phones received overall highly positive reviews. However, they were described as offering method of fitting that might be uncomfortable to some listeners.
The ear phones include four armature drivers - two for bass, one for midrange and one for treble. They come with variety of accessories that often accompany more expensive custom models.
Design and accessories
UE 900 looks like a pair of custom earphones and provides a good fit that seals off the ear canals. There are two cables that are being provided: one in blue color that houses microphone and three-button remote control for iPhones, and one in black color for audio only. Both are in length. It has four balanced armatures in each earpiece.
According to George Gill of Los Angeles Post-Examiner the UE900 utilizes a type of transducer that was originally designed for use in hearing aids and has been adapted for use in earphones."
Reception
UE 900 received an "Excellent" rating from Tim Gideon of PC Magazine who noted: "The UE 900 sounds excellent overall, with a robust bass response and slightly boosted highs to match."
Steve Guttenberg from CNET commented that UE 900 is using separate bass, midrange and treble balanced armature drivers and is the best-sounding universal fit earphone in this price range.
Matthew Miller reviewed the UE 900 for ZDNet in an article named "You will swear you are listening to new music with the Logitech UE 900 earphones." In the summary of his review he wrote: "My favorite pair until now has been the UE Super.fi 5 Pro, but Logitech UE did it even better with the new UE 900s."
Meta review site Engadget wrote about the headset: "The UE 900s offer sound quality and a fit that comes close to what you'll get from UE's custom-fit in-ear models, with 9 sets of tips to fit just about any ears." However they noted that it is a relatively expensive product.
Michael Calore of Wired in an article "Ear Medicine" summarized his opinion about UE 900 as following: "The new flagship audiophile earphones from Ultimate Ears are just as awesome and perfect and beautiful-sounding as you'd expect from a $400 headset." He noted, that stunning audio quality may justify the high cost. However, he somewhat disliked the fit that he called "intrusive", commenting that it might not be for everyone.
BT Travel, a mainstream magazine for Business Traveling, noted that the noise isolation was very good during the test on a flight, however in his opinion it can also be a problem if someone would like to start a conversation with the listener.
IT News Africa's staff writer wrote that the sound "is delivered cleanly".
Mixmag, a British electronic dance and clubbing magazine, wrote about UE 900: "Logitech UE have released one of their most hi-def earphones ever."
PC Magazine wrote, that assigning armatures to different frequencies allows for more detail in each specific range, so that deep lows and crisp highs get their own driver. The lows are subtly lifted, "which allows instrumental and classical pieces, like John Adams' "The Chairman Dances," to retain a natural sound."
Wired was impressed by the audio quality and commented that UE 900s produce "some truly glorious sound, supremely rich from one end of the audio spectrum to the other. The bass is heavy and direct. Mid-range frequencies are perfectly represented, and the chiming highs are only slightly tempered at the very, very top end." The reviewer also noted an excellent clarity and ability to hear details he had never picked up on before.
ZDNET characterized the sound as clean, crisp, and authentic. The reviewer also noted that it seemed like he was in the recording studio with the bands and he has not heard sound this good before. While using UE900s with Beats Audio, that is introduced in a number of HTC smartphones, he noted a significant improvement in the music he was listening to.
Stereophile's writer Ariel Bitran related his opinion about the sound: "The earphones propelled the beat with confidence, discipline, punctuation, and control, accenting the chunkiness of the groove without being edgy." In his opinion the treble was chunky, resulting in a very non-fatiguing experience. Cymbals were somewhat grainy, while the midrange was ultra-clean. He could carefully discern instruments and follow them. Bass extended deep and he could hear normally inaudible or subdued whole-note bass synths in the chorus as warm and full-bodied for their entire duration. However, some highly compressed recordings such as the Red Hot Chili Peppers sounded "boxed".
He also noted: "Most importantly, the sound is realistic, controlled and involving. Instruments are rich with tone. Attacks are carefully restrained, but the high end is still involving with its texture. Music is presented cleanly in front of the listener."
Witchdoctor, a New Zealand's Web magazine, wrote: "The 900's are able to walk the fine line between being very revealing and being too clinical."
See also
Ultimate Ears
References
Products introduced in 2014
Poecilasthena nubivaga is a moth in the family Geometridae. The species was described by Prout in 1932. It is found on Borneo.
References
Moths described in 1932
Poecilasthena
Moths of Asia
Sedimentary Geology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal about sediments in a geological context published by Elsevier. About its scope the journal states it ranges "from techniques of sediment analysis to geodynamical aspects of sedimentary-basin evolution.".
External links
Geology journals
English-language journals
Sedimentology
Sedimentary rocks
Sedimentary basins
Svistella is an Asian genus of "sword-tail crickets", in the subfamily Trigonidiinae and has now been assigned to the tribe Trigonidiini.
Species
Svistella species are recorded from: Japan, Korea, China, Vietnam, Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra. The Orthoptera Species File lists:
Svistella anhuiensis He, Li & Liu, 2009
Svistella argentata Ma, Jing & Zhang, 2019
Svistella bifasciata (Shiraki, 1911)type species (as Paratrigonidium bifasciatum Shiraki)
Svistella chekjawa Tan & Robillard, 2012
Svistella dubia (Liu & Yin, 1993)
Svistella fallax He, Li & Liu, 2009
Svistella fuscoterminata He & Liu, 2018
Svistella rufonotata (Chopard, 1932)
References
External links
Ensifera genera
Trigonidiidae
Orthoptera of Asia
The 2011–12 Argentine Primera D Metropolitana was the season of fifth division professional of football in Argentina. A total of 18 teams competed; the champion was promoted to Primera C Metropolitana.
Club information
Table
Standings
Torneo Reducido
Relegation
See also
2011–12 in Argentine football
References
External links
List of Argentine second division champions by RSSSF
5
Primera D seasons
Thomas Mark Wilhelmsen (born December 16, 1983) is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners, Texas Rangers, and Arizona Diamondbacks.
Career
Wilhelmsen graduated from Tucson High School, whence he was selected by the Milwaukee Brewers in the seventh round (199th overall) of the 2002 MLB Draft. Later that summer, upon signing with the Brewers on August 19, he received a US $250,000 bonus. He began his professional career the next season.
Wilhelmsen played for the AZL Brewers and Beloit Snappers in 2003, going a combined 5-6 with a 2.84 ERA in 17 starts. Following that season, he twice tested positive for marijuana and was suspended for the 2004 campaign. He decided to quit professional baseball during extended spring training after his suspension ended in 2005.
During his five-year hiatus from 2005 to 2009, he worked as a bartender at The Hut, a tiki bar in his hometown. This occupation would later be the inspiration for his nickname.
Seattle Mariners
Prior to the 2010 season, Wilhelmsen attempted a comeback and signed a minor league contract with the Mariners. He played for the AZL Mariners, Everett AquaSox and Clinton LumberKings that season, going a combined 7-1 with a 2.19 ERA in 15 games (12 starts).
On May 17, 2011, after being signed by the Mariners he was optioned to Class AA in order to clear room for Franklin Gutierrez to be activated. After a series of trades created an opening on the Mariners' 25-man roster, Wilhelmsen was recalled from the minor leagues on August 2, 2011. He won his first major league game on August 15, pitching a perfect 8th inning against the Toronto Blue Jays.
On June 8, 2012, Wilhelmsen recorded the save in a six-pitcher combined no-hitter which was started by Kevin Millwood who left the game after the 6th inning due to a groin injury. The six pitchers used by the Mariners tied the record of most pitchers used in a no-hitter with the 2003 Houston Astros. The Mariners beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 1-0. Wilhelmsen said after the game that while he was pitching, he had forgotten it was a no-hitter, and only remembered after catcher Jesús Montero reminded him.
Wilhelmsen was optioned to Tacoma on August 6, 2013, and recalled in September. In 2014 Wilhelmsen was back in the Mariner bullpen, appearing in 57 games and finishing the season with a 2.27 ERA and a WHIP of 1.05. It was also in 2014 that Wilhelmsen reached a wider audience in baseball after his formidable dancing ability was captured on video.
During the 2015 season, Wilhelmsen had a brief stint on the disabled list after a bullpen accident; Wilhelmsen was swinging his arms when teammate Danny Farquhar ran into Wilhelmsen's right arm, resulting in a hyperextended elbow.
Texas Rangers
On November 16, 2015, the Mariners traded Wilhelmsen, James Jones, and a player to be named later (Patrick Kivlehan) to the Texas Rangers for Leonys Martín and Anthony Bass. On January 13, 2016, the Rangers and Wilhelmsen agreed to a one-year, $3.1 million contract to avoid arbitration. Wilhelmsen had a rough start with the Rangers with an ERA of 10.55. With this, the Rangers optioned Wilhelmsen to Triple A, but he refused, making him a free agent.
Second stint with Seattle
On June 22, 2016, Wilhelmsen signed a one-year contract with the Seattle Mariners. He was designated for assignment by the Mariners on November 18, and released on November 22.
Arizona Diamondbacks
Wilhelmsen signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks with an invitation to spring training in February 2017. He made the Diamondbacks' Opening Day roster. He was released on June 16, 2017 after struggling with his command, allowing 12 walks in 26 innings and posting a 4.44 ERA for the Diamondbacks.
Milwaukee Brewers
On June 20, 2017, Wilhelmsen signed a minor league contract with the Milwaukee Brewers. He was released on August 9, 2017.
San Diego Padres
On February 6, 2018, Wilhelmsen signed a minor league contract with the San Diego Padres. He was released on March 19.
St. Paul Saints
On May 2, 2018, Wilhelmsen signed with the St. Paul Saints of the independent American Association.
Toros de Tijuana
On July 3, 2018, Wilhelmsen signed with the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican League. He was released on August 14, 2018.
Wilhelmsen announced his retirement on December 10, 2018.
Pitch mechanics
Wilhelmsen mainly throws two pitches — a four-seam fastball, which is usually 95-98 mph, and a 12-6 curveball, which will be in the upper 70s with a big, 12-6 break. He has experimented with a slider and circle changeup, but he uses these pitches sparingly. However, the changeup was seen more frequently during Spring Training in 2013.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Baseball players from Tucson, Arizona
Major League Baseball pitchers
American bartenders
Seattle Mariners players
Texas Rangers players
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Arizona League Brewers players
Beloit Snappers players
Tucson Toros players
Arizona League Mariners players
Everett AquaSox players
Clinton LumberKings players
Jackson Generals (Southern League) players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Peoria Javelinas players
Round Rock Express players
St. Paul Saints players
Tucson High School alumni
The Unfinished Dance is a 1947 drama film directed by Henry Koster, starring Margaret O'Brien and Cyd Charisse. The story centers around the members of a ballet company, and is a remake of the 1937 French film Ballerina, based on a short story by Paul Morand. It won two awards at the 1948 Locarno International Film Festival.
Plot
Aspiring ballerina Meg Merlin idolizes the head of her dance school, Ariane Bouchet, so much so that she often neglects her own studies just to watch Ariane dance. Only the intervention of kindly Mr. Paneros keeps her from being expelled.
When Meg learns that the "first lady of ballet," Lady Anna La Darina has been hired by the school, Meg is livid at the idea of Ariane being upstaged. She sets out to sabotage Anna's stay, beginning with mischief, like turning off the lights in the middle of a photo session.
Meg is so obsessed in her quest, she even strikes dance student Phyllis Brigham when she dares prefer Anna's talent to Ariane's, earning a formal reprimand. During a performance of "Swan Lake", intending to switch off the lights again, Meg accidentally pulls the lever instead on a trap door. Anna plummets through the stage floor opening, seriously injuring her spine, and is likely never to dance again.
Phyllis and Josie have a hunch that Meg is responsible, so they blackmail her. Worse yet, Meg discovers that Ariane is self-indulgent, focusing more on clothing and fame; whereas, Anna is generous and kind, coming back to the school to advise the students as best she can.
Meg becomes more and more frightened and riddled with guilt regarding Anna's plight. Mr. Paneros, decides to talk to Anna and inadvertently reveals Meg's involvement regarding her accident. When Anna learns the truth, she soon forgives her. Meg now has a new idol.
Cast
Margaret O'Brien as "Meg" Merlin
Cyd Charisse as Mlle. Ariane Bouchet
Karin Booth as Lady Anna La Darina
Danny Thomas as Mr. Paneros
Esther Dale as Olga
Thurston Hall as Mr. Ronsell
Harry Hayden as Murphy
Mary Eleanor Donahue as Josie
Connie Cornell as Phyllis
Ruth Brady as Miss Merlin
Charles Bradstreet as Fred Carleton
Ann Codee as Mme. Borodin
Gregory Gay as Jacques Lacoste
Reception
According to MGM records, the film earned $1,129,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $1,174,000 in other markets, but because of its high cost, it recorded a loss of $1,797,000. It was the first movie produced by Joe Pasternak at MGM to lose money.
References
External links
1947 films
1940s musical comedy-drama films
American musical comedy-drama films
American remakes of French films
Films about ballet
Films based on works by Paul Morand
Films directed by Henry Koster
Films produced by Joe Pasternak
Films scored by Herbert Stothart
Films set in New York City
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1947 comedy films
1947 drama films
1940s American films
The red-stained woodpecker (Veniliornis affinis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in eastern Brazil and the Amazon Basin.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
red-stained woodpecker
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
red-stained woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chu Sang-mi (born 9 May 1972) is a South Korean actress. She was born in Seoul, South Korea, to the popular stage actor Chu Song-woong. Along with Lee Byung-hun and Choi Ji-woo, Chu co-starred in the film Everybody Has Secrets, taking the role as the eldest sister of the trio.
Filmography
Film
2007: The Wonder Years
2006: See You After School (cameo)
2006: Ssunday Seoul (cameo)
2005: My Right to Ravage Myself
2004: Everybody Has Secrets
2004: Twentidentity short - Under a Big Tree
2003: A Smile
2002: On the Occasion of Remembering the Turning Gate
2001: Say Yes
2000: Interview
1998: The Soul Guardians
1997: The Contact
1996: A Petal
Television drama
2022: Tracer (MBC) - Min So-jeong
2009: City Hall (SBS)
2008: My Woman (MBC)
2007: Snow in August (SBS)
2006: Love and Ambition (SBS)
2005: Let's Get Married (MBC)
2005: Lawyers (MBC)
2003: Yellow Handkerchief (KBS)
2003: Age of Warriors (KBS)
1999: Invitation (KBS)
1998: Lie (KBS)
1998: Sunflower (MBC)
1997: New York Story (SBS)
External links
http://chusangmi.rosy.net (Official website)
References
1973 births
Living people
Actresses from Seoul
South Korean film actresses
South Korean television actresses
Jeonju Chu clan
The 66 Division is a division of the Sri Lanka Army. Established on 1 January 2009, the division is currently based in Pooneryn in the Northern Province, Sri Lanka. The division is a part of Security Forces Headquarters – Kilinochchi and has three brigades and seven battalions. Brigadier A. M. R. Dharmasiri is the current commander of the division.
Organisation
The division is currently organised as follows:
661 Brigade (based in Pooneryn, Northern Province)
15th Volunteer Battalion, Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment
5th Volunteer Battalion, Mechanized Infantry Regiment
662 Brigade (based in Paranthan, Northern Province)
20th Battalion, Sri Lanka Light Infantry
10th Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (based in Kiranchi, Northern Province)
18th Volunteer Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (based in Paranthan, Northern Province)
663 Brigade (based in Kiranchi, Northern Province)
5th Volunteer Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (based in Kiranchi, Northern Province)
27th Battalion, Sri Lanka National Guard
References
2009 establishments in Sri Lanka
Infantry units and formations of Sri Lanka
Military units and formations established in 2009
Organisations based in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Army divisions
Prathapa Siriwardene (born 2 July 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for Singha Sports Club. He was born in Galle.
Siriwardene made his List A debut during the 2009-10 season, against Seeduwa Raddoluwa. From the tailend, he scored 7 runs. He took figures of 0-19 with the ball from two overs of bowling.
External links
Prathapa Siriwardene at CricketArchive
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Singha Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Galle
Icometasone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Chloroarenes
Diketones
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Triols
Abandoned drugs
David Tomášek (born February 10, 1996) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for HC Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga (ELH).
Tomášek made his Czech Extraliga debut playing with HC Pardubice during the 2015–16 Czech Extraliga season. He joined JYP Jyväskylä prior to the 2018–19 season.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Amur Khabarovsk players
HC Dynamo Pardubice players
Belleville Bulls players
Czech ice hockey centres
JYP Jyväskylä players
Sportspeople from Prague
HC Sparta Praha players
Aladinpur is a village in Jalandhar - I in Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India. It is located from district headquarters. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography
As of the 2011 Census of India, the village has a total number of 158 houses and the population of 734 of which 374 are males while 360 are females. According to the report published by Census India in 2011, out of the total population of the village 570 people are from Schedule Caste and the village does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
See also
List of villages in India
References
External links
Tourism of Punjab
Census of Punjab
Villages in Jalandhar district
Venus Glacier () is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica, 10 nautical miles (18 km) long and 6 nautical miles (11 km) wide at its mouth flowing east into George VI Sound lying between Keystone Cliffs and Triton Point. The coast in this vicinity was first seen from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth on November 23, 1935 and roughly mapped from photos obtained on that flight by W.L.G. Joerg. The glacier was first surveyed in 1949 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee for the planet Venus, the second planet of the Solar System.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Jupiter Glacier
Pluto Glacier
Uranus Glacier
Further reading
J.L. SMELLIE, Lithostratigraphy of Miocene-Recent, alkaline volcanic fields in the Antarctic Peninsula and eastern Ellsworth Land, Antarctic Science 71 (3): 362-378 (1999)
External links
Venus Glacier on USGS website
Venus Glacier on SCAR website
Venus Glacier area map
References
Glaciers of Alexander Island
Peter Aitken (born 11 November 1934) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
References
Cardosi .A. (June 2012).Australia Football. Retrieved from: https://australianfootball.com/players/player/peter%2Baitken/8486
Stats-Statistics-AFL tables. Retrieved from : https://afltables.com/afl/stats/players/P/Peter_Aitken.html
VFL (24/06/2016) Retrieved from: https://www.nswfootballhistory.com.au/tag/vfl/page/2/
Boyles Football PhotosBoyles. Football PhotosResearch and Pathways to Victoria's Football History 1925-65. Retrieved from: http://www.boylesfootballphotos.net.au/Peter+Aitken
Australian Football Club. Kyabram Bombers Football Club. Retrieved from: https://aflnational.com/vic/country/goulburn-valley/kyabram-bombers/
External links
Peter Aitken's profile at Blueseum
1934 births
Carlton Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Kyabram Football Club players
The Holy Forty Martyrs Church () is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 12 General Henri M. Berthelot Street in Iași, Romania. It is dedicated to the Forty Martyrs of Sebaste.
Located in the Copou neighborhood, which in the mid-18th century was sparsely populated and had no place of worship, the church was built in 1760 by hetman Vasile Roset and his wife Safta. It was located on a plot of land granted that year by Prince Ioan Teodor Callimachi. Completed quickly, it was blessed by the prince's brother, Metropolitan Gavriil Callimachi. Initially, Roset placed the church under the protection of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. In 1767, he transferred it to the Metropolis of Proilavia. Within twenty years, the church was in a state of degradation, prompting the high vistiernic Lascarache Roset to try and reclaim the church founded by his parents. Thus, he obtained a decree in 1787 from Prince Alexander Ypsilantis, providing twenty lei per month in customs revenue for church maintenance. Successive princes issued orders maintaining or increasing the allowance: Constantine Ypsilantis (1799), Alexandros Soutzos (1801), Alexander Mourousis (1803), Michael Soutzos (1820). Aside from the princes' and donors' contributions, the church earned revenue by renting out parcels of land in its yard or on its other properties, with the tenants required to pay an annual fee. Deceased parishioners were buried in the churchyard until 1871, when the city hall ordered a halt to church burials, their function supplanted by the new Eternitatea cemetery. Gheorghe Asachi was buried outside the church in 1869; a dozen members of his family share the grave.
A vestibule with a choir space above was added in 1868, as well as a bell tower. The large bell, which weighs some 300 kg, dates to 1892. A foyer was installed in 1924. The church is in the Constantinople Baroque style, with its 24 stone pilasters with neo-Corinthian capitals of stone, as well as the two massive interior columns that separate nave from vestibule. The exterior division into decorative panels as well as certain ornamental details are Neoclassical; these elements appeared in the 1780s and '90s, making it the first church in Iași to feature a style that would become dominant in early 19th-century Moldavia. The church collection includes valuable icons, rare books, silver items and an archive. The iconostasis, of stuccoed linden coated in gold leaf, is original to 1760. Sculpted in Balkan Baroque, it features four 1814 icons (Christ, Virgin Mary, the Forty Martyrs and Saint Nicolas) painted and signed by Eustație Altini.
Cultural figures associated with the parish include Altini, Asachi, Veniamin Costache, Alexandru Hrisoverghi, Spiru Haret and Ion Creangă, who was deacon there from 1859 to 1863. A memorial to Creangă was set up on the centennial of his death in 1989, while the yard features marble busts of him and Asachi. In 1890, Asachi was reburied beneath his statue. The nearby headstone marks the grave of Altini and Hrisoverghi.
The church is listed as a historic monument by Romania's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs.
Notes
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1760
Lynx Casino is a 1992 gambling simulator for the Atari Lynx developed by Brian A. Rice Inc. It includes blackjack, craps, roulette, slot machines, and video poker.
Gameplay
Development and release
Reception
The four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly regarded Lynx Casino as one of the best gambling simulators available, citing the large selection of games, the easy-to-read display despite the small screen size, and the clever Easter eggs planted throughout the game. They gave it a 7 out of 10. Robert A. Jung at IGN gave the game 7 out of 10 in a 1999 retrospective review.
References
External links
Lynx Casino at AtariAge
Lynx Casino at GameFAQs
Lynx Casino at MobyGames
1992 video games
Atari Lynx games
Atari Lynx-only games
Casino video games
Video games developed in the United States
Red Baron Airlines was a small U.S. regional airline based at Palm Beach International Airport and operating solely within Florida.
History
It was started as a joint venture between Clive E. Roberson and Rudolph P. Scheerer. It was a member of the Commuter Airline Association of America. It offered weekday flights starting in the morning from West Palm Beach, Florida and stopping in Gainesville, Florida before continuing to Tallahassee, Florida. In the afternoon the route was the reverse. The airline was expecting to benefit from the large number of students that would travel to/from the University of Florida in Gainesville and Florida State University in Tallahassee. In May 1980 a Federal Aviation Administration Special Investigative Team found discrepancies in the company's maintenance manuals and recommended that a recertification be required. On May 23, 1980, the company voluntarily ceased operations while the discrepancies were corrected. An on-scene inspection verified these corrections and its air carrier certificate was returned on May 30, 1980. On June 13, 1980 Scheerer Air acquired 100% of Roberson Air Inc.
The airline later became Florida Commuter Airlines. The airline name changed to Southern Airlines in 1981 shortly after their Douglas DC-3 crashed in the Bahamas on September 12, 1980.
See also
List of defunct airlines of the United States
References
Defunct airlines of the United States
Airlines established in 1979
Airlines disestablished in 1980
Airlines based in Florida
Barnsole is a village in East Kent, England, between Canterbury and Deal. The population of the village is included in the civil parish of Wingham.
It once had a Baptist chapel, linked to the Eythorne Baptist Church "group".
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
Symphytocarpus is a genus of slime molds in the family Stemonitidaceae. , there are nine species in the genus.
Species
Symphytocarpus amaurochaetoides
Symphytocarpus confluens
Symphytocarpus cristatus
Symphytocarpus flaccidus
Symphytocarpus fusiformis
Symphytocarpus herbaticus
Symphytocarpus impexus
Symphytocarpus syncarpus
Symphytocarpus trechisporus
References
Myxogastria
Amoebozoa genera
Eagle City may refer to the following places in the United States:
Eagle City, Ohio, an unincorporated community
Eagle City, Oklahoma, a community in Blaine County
Eagle City, Utah, a ghost town in Garfield County
Eagle City, North Carolina, a former city in Eagle Mills Township, Iredell County
Malmö kvinnliga diskussionsklubb ('Malmö Women's Discussion Group') was a Social Democratic association for working women in Malmö in Sweden between 1900 and 1922. It was affiliated with the Malmö Party branch of the Social Democratic Party as well as the newspaper Arbetet.
It played a pioneering part in the Swedish women's labor movement.
History
It was founded to replace its predecessor Kvinnliga arbetarklubben and included many of the members of the former. Among its members where Elma Danielsson, Maria Wessel, Anna Stenberg, Mathilda Persson and Sigrid Vestdahl. At the time, there were only a few women's clubs for women within the workers movement, because the view within the labor movement were that women's rights should be naturally included in the labor movement and that it should not be necessary to organise specific associations for women and their issues.
The purpose of the club was to inform and educate worker women intellectually as well as organise them politically and within trade unions. The club arranged parties, concerts, charity fairs, hosted debates, lectures and speeches. Two of the favorite issues of the club were the Temperance movement and women's suffrage. The club supported the Temperance movement, but the issue of suffrage were more complicated: while suffrage were seen as the final ideal, one fraction believed that many women were still not informed enough to vote. In 1909, when women became eligible to the city council, the club campaigned for more women in policial office. During the hunger demonstrations of 1917, the club applied for reduced sentences for women who had been arrested.
In 1922, it was dissolved and transformed in to the Malmö local branch of the Social Democratic Women in Sweden.
References
Swedish Social Democratic Party
Politics of Sweden
1900 establishments in Sweden
Organizations established in 1900
History of Malmö
20th century in Malmö
Women's suffrage in Sweden
The Demon is an Angel (Spanish:Un ángel sin pudor) is a 1949 Venezuelan comedy film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Susana Freyre, Juana Sujo and Juan Carlos Thorry.
Cast
Susana Freyre
Juana Sujo
Juan Carlos Thorry
References
Bibliography
Darlene J. Sadlier. Latin American Melodrama: Passion, Pathos, and Entertainment. University of Illinois Press, 2009.
External links
1949 films
1949 comedy films
Venezuelan comedy films
1940s Spanish-language films
Venezuelan black-and-white films
Alfred Sutter (born 20 May 1906, date of death unknown) was a Swiss athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
1906 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Swiss male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing
The interbank market is the top-level foreign exchange market where banks exchange different currencies. The banks can either deal with one another directly, or through electronic brokering platforms. The Electronic Broking Services (EBS) and Thomson Reuters Dealing are the two competitors in the electronic brokering platform business and together connect over 1000 banks. The currencies of most developed countries have floating exchange rates. These currencies do not have fixed values but, rather, values that fluctuate relative to other currencies.
The interbank market is an important segment of the foreign exchange market. It is a wholesale market through which most currency transactions are channeled. It is mainly used for trading among bankers. The three main constituents of the interbank market are:
the spot market
the forward market
SWIFT (Society for World-Wide Interbank Financial Telecommunications)
The interbank market is unregulated and decentralized. There is no specific location or exchange where these currency transactions take place. However, foreign currency options are regulated in a number of countries and trade on a number of different derivatives exchanges. Central bank in many countries publish closing spot prices on a daily basis. The central banks of many economies implement their monetary policy by manipulating instruments that allow them to achieve a certain value for an operational objective. Instruments are defined as the variables directly controlled by a central bank, such as the cash ratio, the interest rate paid on funds borrowed from the central bank, and the structure of the balance sheet.
Market makers
Unlike the stock market, the foreign currency exchange market (Forex) does not have a physical central exchange like the NYSE. Without a central exchange, currency exchange rates are made, or set, by market makers. Banks constantly quote a bid and ask price based on anticipated currency movements taking place and thereby make the market. Major banks handle very large forex transactions often in billions of units. These transactions cause the primary movement of currency prices in the short term.
Other factors contribute to currency exchange rates and these include forex transactions made by smaller banks, hedge funds, companies, forex brokers and traders. Companies are involved in forex transaction due to their need to pay for products and services supplied from other countries which use a different currency. Forex traders on the other hand use forex transaction, of a much smaller volume with comparison to banks, to benefit from anticipated currency movements by buying cheap and selling at a higher price or vice versa. This is done through forex brokers who act as a mediator between a pool of traders and also between themselves and banks.
Central banks also play a role in setting currency exchange rates by altering interest rates. By increasing interest rates they stimulate traders to buy their currency as it provides a high return on investment and this drives the value of the corresponding central bank's currency higher with comparison to other currencies.
See also
Interbank lending market
References
External links
Interbank Market: Transmission of monetary policy
Foreign exchange market
Ibrahim ("Brima") Bazzy Kamara (born 7 May 1968 in Freetown) was a commander of the soldiers of the Sierra Leonean Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) and in 2007 was convicted of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity in the Sierra Leone Civil War.
Kamara was born in the neighborhood of Wilberforce, in the west end of Freetown. In 1998, Kamara was invited by Johnny Paul Koroma to join the AFRC Supreme Council. In this capacity, Kamara was a commander of the AFRC and Revolutionary United Front forces that attacked civilians in the north, east, and centre of Sierra Leone in 1998 and in Freetown in January 1999.
Kamara was indicted on 7 March 2003, was arrested on 29 May 2003, and his trial before the Special Court for Sierra Leone began on 7 March 2005. He was tried with Alex Tamba Brima and Santigie Borbor Kanu. Kamara was found guilt of crimes against humanity and war crimes on 20 June 2007, including counts of murder, rape, forced labour, and the use of child soldiers. He and his codefendants' convictions were the first convictions for the Special Court for Sierra Leone and were also the first time anyone had been convicted of the international crime of using child soldiers. On 19 July 2007, Kamara was sentenced to 45 years' imprisonment. He is serving his sentence in Mpanga Prison in Rwanda.
Notes
1968 births
Living people
People convicted by the Special Court for Sierra Leone
People indicted by the Special Court for Sierra Leone
Sierra Leonean military personnel
Sierra Leonean people convicted of war crimes
Sierra Leonean people convicted of crimes against humanity
Sierra Leonean people imprisoned abroad
Prisoners and detainees of Rwanda
People from Freetown
In 1984 Ferro Carril Oeste won the Nacional, Argentinos Juniors won the Metropolitano and Independiente won the Copa Libertadores 1984.
Nacional 1984
Group stages
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Knockout stages
2nd round
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final
Ferro Carril Oeste qualified for the Copa Libertadores 1985 as champions of Nacional 1984
Top scorers
Metropolitano 1984
League table
Relegation table
Top scorers
Copa Libertadores 1984
Argentine teams in Copa Libertadores 1984
Independiente: Champions
Estudiantes de La Plata: 1st round
References
Argentina 1984 by Pablo Ciullini at rsssf.
Copa Libertadores 1984 by John Beuker at rsssf.
pl:I liga argentyńska w piłce nożnej (1984)
Seymour Shifrin (28 February 1926 – 26 September 1979) was an American composer. He was described by Time Magazine as "one of the most significant composers of his generation."
Shifrin's Satires of Circumstance (1964, text by Thomas Hardy) received the Koussevitzky International Recording Award for 1970. He received the Naumburg Award, Columbia University's Bearns Prize (1949), the Copley Award, the Horblit Prize (1963), and two Guggenheim Fellowships, in 1956 and 1959. A graduate of Columbia University (M.A., 1947), he was a member of the faculty at the University of California at Berkeley (1952–66) and at Brandeis University from 1966 until his death in 1979.
Shifrin studied with William Schuman, Otto Luening, and Darius Milhaud.
Orchestral Music:
Music for Orchestra (1948)
Chamber Symphony (1953)
Three Pieces for Orchestra (1958)
Chronicles for chorus, orchestra and soloists (1970)
Vocal and Choral Music
Two Poems of Rainer Maria Rilke for voice and piano (1947)
No Second Troy for voice and piano (Yeats) (1953
A Medieval Latin Lyric for chorus SATB (1954)
Odes of Shang for chorus, piano and percussion (1962)
Satires of Circumstance for soprano, flute, clarinet, violin, cello and double bass (Thomas Hardy) 1964
A Renaissance Garland for soprano, tenor, recorders, lute, viola da gambas, tuned percussion (1978)
Five Last Songs for soprano and piano (1979)
Chamber Music:
String quartets I-V (1949, 1962, 1965–66, 1966–67, 1971–72)
Violin Sonata (1948)
Sonata for Cello and Piano (1948)
Serenade for Five Instruments (1954), commissioned by the Juilliard School of Music
The Modern Temper for piano duet (1959)
In Eius Memoriam for mixed quintet (1967–68)
Duo for violin and piano (1968–69)
Duettino for violin and piano (1972)
Piano Trio (1974)
The Nick of Time seven instruments (1977)
Solo Music:
Four Cantos for Piano (1949)
Composition for Piano (1950)
Trauermusik for piano (1956)
Concert Piece for Solo Violin (1959)
Responses for Piano Solo (1973)
References
External links
"Seymour Shifrin", NewWorldRecords.org.
20th-century classical composers
American male classical composers
American classical composers
Jewish American classical composers
Pupils of Darius Milhaud
Pupils of Otto Luening
Columbia University alumni
University of California, Berkeley faculty
Brandeis University faculty
1926 births
1979 deaths
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
Kenneth D. Mackenzie (born 1937) is an American organizational theorist, former professor at the University of Kansas and management consultant. He is known for his early work on the "Theory of Group Structures" and his later work on organizational design
Biography
Mackenzie received his BA in mathematics with a minor in Physics in 1960 from the University of California, Berkeley, where in 1964 he also obtained his Ph.D. in Business Administration.
After his graduation Mackenzie started his academic career in 1964 at the Carnegie-Mellon University as assistant professor of economics. In 1967 he moved to the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania at the University of Pennsylvania. In 1972 he moved to the University of Kansas, where he was appointed Edmund P. Learned Distinguished Professor from January 1972 to January 2006. He further taught at U.C. Berkeley, University of Waterloo, and KU. In 2000 Mackenzie founded the consultancy firm EMAC Assessments, LLC.
Mackenzie has served on numerous editorial boards including Management Science, Organizational studies, International Journal of Organizational Analysis, Journal of Management Inquiry, Human Systems Management, and Engineering Management Research.''
He has published 19 books and over 100 articles.
Work
Mackenzie research interests have been in the fields of organization theories, organization design processual models, organizational leadership, multi-level research and the discoverer of the organizational hologram.
Approach to Research
Mackenzie's research is based on his bed rock belief that there are only three fates of any theory: to be (a) ignored, (b) rejected, and (c) revised. Consequently, it is self-evident and unreasonable for him to expect any of his theories to escape these fates. Therefore, he is not interested in "proving" or justifying them. He knows that they somehow must be wrong. What he chooses to publish is his current best effort but only after finally failing to find grievous fault. The goal is to improve theories rather than to defend them. The best way to do this is to actively search for and highlight hidden flaws and inconsistencies. Finding these flaws provides vital clues for making improvements in the theory. Fixing them paves the path to improvements.
To this end, Mackenzie never begins any research project if he already has a clear understanding of how to solve it. What would be the point? In fact he only works on projects for which he does not know the results. This way he is frequently surprised and grateful to witness new wonders. Surprises refocus thinking and provide information about how one of his theories is wrong. Surprise stimulates the necessity for more improvements. The constant goal is seeking disconfirmations. The motto is "Always Failing Forward!" Obtaining a confirmation adds no new information, does nothing to improve a theory, and uses up scarce resources. Confirming what is already known is thus viewed as an ineffective strategy for theory improvement. But a disconfirmation is a stimulus, a call to action which impels one to stumble forward in order to seek improvements. One succeeds by failing.
Mackenzie is keenly interested in discovering and enhancing explanations of patterned behavior. Thus, he values theory. He is especially interested in the patterns of behavior within groups and organizations.
His approach to research is both deliberate and naïve. There are steps he follows in performing an empirical or conceptual study. However, he tries to ignore any latent preconceived specific theory or a fixed toolkit of methods. To him the phenomena is paramount and not the literature. He always wants a fresh, independent look at a problem whenever possible. The first step is to "wallow" in the phenomena until reaching an intuitive feel for them. (Please note: to wallow in the phenomena is not the same thing as wallowing in the literature about the phenomena). Next is the effort to formulate the research questions, taking care to always be "anchored" in the phenomena. This formulation provides a narrative and means to begin the development of some explanation for the phenomena. Once an explanation is developed, the question becomes: how can this be refuted? The next step is to refute it. This is the easiest step! This basic research process iterates until one runs out of new ideas for refuting the explanation. Stopping to write up results is the next step. These developments are merged into a wider stream of his past research work and where feasible, the relevant literatures. Because of the importance he places on counterexamples, he eschews the use of mathematical statistics in favor of strong inference. His purpose is to use each research adventure to help erect a less ramshackle theoretical edifice for the group and organizational sciences.
He usually works on many questions simultaneously and moves quickly to reject unpromising avenues of research. He strives to avoid the Type III error of working on the wrong problem. Ideas pop up all over and the trick to give each a chance and then discard the bad ones. In the pungent language of hunters, "do not feed the dog that won't hunt."
Mackenzie sometimes works as a management consultant in order to hear of new problems and thus new questions and to fund his research. However, he never accepts a consulting project if he thinks that he already knows the answer. He does not offer recommendations for organizational changes unless the client agrees he knows enough to run the organization. He is always an advocate for the well-being of the organization itself.
Representing Group and Organizational Structures and Processes
As a researcher, a teacher, an author, and an editor, he frequently encounters the difficulty of how to represent fundamental concepts such as leadership, structure, and process. In particular, the representations of structure and group and organizational processes are especially interesting and important because they cut across the group and organizational sciences.
In this regard, he has learned two things worth mentioning produced over a course of many years of research into organizational phenomena: the representation of group and organizational (a) structures and (b) processes. Both concepts are central to discussions of group and organizational processes (GOPs). And neither is represented consistently among scholars and practitioners. The result is confusion and barriers to cumulation. For how can one build on another's results when the other's methods and concepts are inconsistent with one's own?
Representing Group and Organizational Structures
A structure, Sn, of a group or organization of n agents, Xn = (x1, x2, ..., xi, ..., xn) can be represented by this equation:
Sn = (Xn; R) (Equation 1)
where the matrix R has n rows and n columns and entries rij where row i corresponds to the "sender," xi , the column j corresponds to the "receiver," xj , and the value of an entry rij is a measure of an interaction from xi to xj. The value of rij can range from a binary relation such as a boss-subordinate to how many thousands of board feet of douglas fir, 4-side finished, eight foot 2 x 4's were sold by wholesaler i to retailer j during a specified time period.
The xi ϵ X are engaged Processual Agents such as individuals, groups (e.g. committees, task forces, virtual teams, etc.), and even organizations. The dimension and measures for the entries, rij , are chosen for the purposes of an analysis. It is important to realize that in this representation of group and organizational structures, the entries rij reflect the actual relationship between its members relevant to the purposes of the study. Please note the asymmetry: rij rarely equals rji . Also, in some applications, not all of the Processual Agents xi ϵ X are, in fact, human.
Given this representation of group and organizational structures, the following conclusions have strong empirical support:
Structures are more accurately viewed as effects rather than causes of behavior.
Different tasks may have different structures.
Groups and organizations have multiple structures.
These structures are interdependent.
Structures can and do change.
A structure represents a need satisfying interaction pattern. As needs change, so will the structures to satisfy them as long as there is net benefit for the change.
These structural change processes can be modeled and explained.
Most group and organizational behavior takes place "outside" of the formal lines of authority. Departures from the organizational chart are normal.
Processes and their structures are independent.
Representing Group and Organizational Processes
Any group and organizational process (GOP) can be represented as:
Y = F(C) (Equation 2)
where C is a vector of considerations or steps in a GOP, F is a network illustrating the linkages between each of the considerations or steps, and Y is the set of outcomes of the GOP.
Intuitively, a GOP is a time dependent sequence of behaviors governed by a process framework given by equation (2). The GOP representation of equation (2) is derived from these six ontological axioms:
A GOP involves one or more processual agents.
A GOP involves two or more linked process elements.
A GOP is not random.
A GOP is linked to at least one other GOP.
A GOP representation requires process resources and involves their characteristics-in-use.
A GOP has more than one level.
Bibliography
Books
2 vols.
Mackenzie, Kenneth D. "Organizational design: The organizational audit and analysis technology." Ablex Pub, 1986.
Mackenzie, K. D., (1991). "The Organizational Hologram: The Effective Management of Organizational Change." Boston, MA: Kluwer Academic Publishers.
Mackenzie, K. D., (2015). "Group and Organizational Processes, Volume I: The Quest to Discover Their Essence." Saarbrücken, Deutschland / Germany: Lambert Academic Publishing.
Articles
Mackenzie, Kenneth D. "Group and organizational processes." In S. M. Dahlgaard-Park (Ed.), "The Sage Encyclopedia of Quality and the Service Economy." Los Angeles, CA: Sage Reference, pp. 269–275.
Mackenzie, Kenneth D. "Organizational hologram." In S. M. Dahlgaard-Park (Ed.), "The Sage Encyclopedia of Quality and the Service Economy." Los Angeles, CA: Sage Reference, pp. 467–170.
See also
List of University of Waterloo people
References
External links
Ken Mackenzie at organization.expert
1937 births
Living people
American business theorists
American management consultants
University of Waterloo faculty
Elvin Mursaliyev (, born 17 August 1988 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani Greco-Roman wrestler who won the silver medal at the 2010 European Wrestling Championships, also he won bronze medal at the 2014 European Wrestling Championships.
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Azerbaijani male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Baku
European Games gold medalists for Azerbaijan
European Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic wrestlers of Azerbaijan
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in wrestling
Islamic Solidarity Games competitors for Azerbaijan
20th-century Azerbaijani people
21st-century Azerbaijani people
Büyükköy is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Alan King (born 1966) is a Scottish racehorse trainer specialising mainly in National Hunt racing. He is based at Barbury Castle stables near Wroughton, Wiltshire.
He worked as assistant trainer to David Nicholson until Nicholson's retirement and then took out a licence to train himself, first at Jackdaw's Castle stables, before moving to Barbury Castle in June 2000.
His biggest wins at the Cheltenham Festival have come with My Way de Solzen in the 2006 World Hurdle, Voy Por Ustedes in the 2007 Queen Mother Champion Chase, Katchit in the 2008 Champion Hurdle, Oh Crick in the 2009 Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase and Uxizandre in the 2015 Ryanair Chase Despite a terrible year with injuries, the yard also had a 1–2 in the 2013 Coral Cup Handicap Hurdle with Medinas and Meister Eckhart.
His principal stable jockey until October 2019 was Wayne Hutchinson.
Cheltenham winners (16)
Queen Mother Champion Chase - (1) Voy Por Ustedes (2007)
Champion Hurdle - (1) Katchit (2008)
Stayers' Hurdle - (1) My Way de Solzen (2006)
Ryanair Chase - (1) Uxizandre (2015)
Arkle Challenge Trophy -(3) Voy Por Ustedes (2006), My Way de Solzen (2007), Edwardstone (2022)
Triumph Hurdle - (2) Penzance (2002), Katchit (2007)
Spa Novices' Hurdle - (1) Nenuphar Collonges (2008)
Festival Trophy Handicap Chase - (2) Fork Lightning (2004), Bensalem (2011)
National Hunt Chase Challenge Cup - (2) Old Benny (2008), Midnight Prayer (2014)
Coral Cup - (1) Medinas (2013)
Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase - (1) Oh Crick (2009)
Major wins
Great Britain
Goodwood Cup - (1) Trueshan (2021)
Long Walk Hurdle - (2) Anzum (1999), My Way de Solzen (2005)
Henry VIII Novices' Chase - (3) Araldur (2008), Sceau Royal (2017), Edwardstone (2021)
Christmas Hurdle - (1) Yanworth (2016)
Finale Juvenile Hurdle - (2) Franchoek (2007), Walkon (2008)
Challow Novices' Hurdle - (1) Messire Des Obeaux (2017)
Scilly Isles Novices' Chase - (1) Medermit (2011)
Ascot Chase - (2) Voy Por Ustedes (2009), Balder Succes (2015)
Manifesto Novices' Chase - (1) Uxizandre (2018)
Anniversary 4-Y-O Novices' Hurdle - (4) Katchit (2007), Walkon (2009), Grumeti (2012), L'Unique (2013)
Melling Chase - (2) Voy Por Ustedes (2008,2009)
Sefton Novices' Hurdle - (2) Stromness (2002), Lovcen (2012)
Maghull Novices' Chase - (1) Balder Succes (2014)
Liverpool Hurdle - (3) Spendid (2002), Blazing Bailey (2008), Yanworth (2017)
France
Prix du Cadran – (1) – Trueshan (2021)
External links
Alan King's website
Living people
1966 births
British horse trainers
Douglas "Doug" Herring Jr. (born September 29, 1987) is an American-born naturalised Syrian professional basketball player for Gezira. He played college basketball for Utica College.
Collegiate career
Herring attended Utica College, where he competed at the NCAA Division III level with the Pioneers for four seasons. On December 12, 2005, he was named Empire 8 (E8) Rookie of the Week, after averaging 13.7 points, 4.7 assists, and 3.0 rebounds and helping his team win three consecutive games. As a junior, he was a nominee for the Bob Cousy Award. In his senior year, Herring led the Pioneers to the semifinals of the E8 tournament and garnered all-league honors. Herring completed his career with Utica as its all-time assists leader, with 451, and second-best scorer, with 1,587 points.
Professional career
Following college, Herring signed with the Hudson Valley Kingz of the Atlantic Coast Professional Basketball League (ACPBL). In his career with the Kingz, he averaged 31.0 points per game. He set a single-game league record with a career-high 66 points against the Manhattan Pride on February 10, 2013. In turn, he was named Player of the Month. On March 2, 2013, Herring broke another league record by putting up 20 assists vs the North Jersey Pros. In the summer of 2013, he notched 53 points at the prestigious Greater Hartford Pro–am. His performance drew the attention of Ian McCarthy, general manager of the Saint John Mill Rats of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL).
On August 20, 2013, Herring signed a professional contract with the Mill Rats. McCarthy said, "Doug is an undiscovered talent who has the rare combination of being a devastating scorer but he also makes the right basketball plays." Through 42 games, Herring averaged 17.6 points, 5.1 rebounds, 5.2 assists, and 1.7 steals and shot .426 from the three-point line. He was named an NBL Canada All-Star for the Atlantic Division. Following the season, Herring signed with the Rochester Razorsharks of the Premier Basketball League (PBL), playing four games and averaging 9.8 points, 1.8 rebounds, 2.8 assists, and lifting them to the 2014 PBL championship.
On July 24, 2014, Herring signed with the Bristol Flyers of the British Basketball League (BBL). He was expected by head coach Andreas Kapoulas to be an asset to the team's back court. On October 14, he was named to the BBL Team of the Week after scoring 26 points. In 11 games, he averaged 17.7 points, 4.0 rebounds, 4.1 assists, and 1.8 steals. The Flyers made it to the semifinals of the BBL Cup. However, he suffered a season-ending injury with a meniscal tear.
On October 19, 2015, Herring returned to the Mill Rats. Head coach Rob Spon commented, "Doug is an excellent two-way player in this league with great size for a guard."
On December 2, 2016, Herring signed with Defensor Sporting of the Liga Uruguaya de Basketball (LUB), the top league in Uruguay. He said, "I am very thankful and appreciative of Defensor Sporting for the opportunity to join the club."
On January 20, 2017, Herring returned to the NBL Canada with the London Lightning. Prior to the season, the Lightning had acquired rights to Herring from the Windsor Express in exchange for Warren Ward. The signing came after Garrett Williamson suffered a hamstring injury, putting him on the injury reserve. Herring was named to the Third Team All-NBLC.
On January 4, 2019, it was announced that Herring will be joining the CLS Knights of the ABL replacing Montay Brandon as CLS starting Guard
In September 2021, Herring Jr. signed with Gezira of the Egyptian Basketball Super League.
National team career
In 2021, Herring became a naturalised Syrian citizen. He later made his debut for the Syria national basketball team in the qualifiers for the 2021 FIBA Asia Cup.
References
External links
Doug Herring, Jr. at Eurobasket.com
1987 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Indonesia
American expatriate basketball people in the United Kingdom
American expatriate basketball people in Uruguay
American men's basketball players
Syrian men's basketball players
ASEAN Basketball League players
Basketball players from New York (state)
Guards (basketball)
London Lightning players
Moncton Magic players
Saint John Mill Rats players
Sportspeople from Poughkeepsie, New York
Utica Pioneers men's basketball players
Bristol Flyers players
Aydın is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
The is a work training program providing employment opportunities for foreign nationals in Japan.
Technical Intern can work for up to five years in Japan, 1gou(1st year - Basic level), 2gou(2nd&3rd year - Intermediate), 3gou(4th&5th year - Advanced). Technical Interns who have completed 2gou or 3 gou can continue to work under the specified skill status.
When the system was first established, administered by the Japan International Training Cooperation Organization (JITCO) its stated purpose is to provide training, technical skills and technology experience for workers from developing economies.
The government-run internship aims to support the international cooperation program and was first established in 1993.
Since The Labor Standards Act was not applied at the start of the system, some workplaces are causing troubles of non-payment of wages and poor working environment. It can be accused of being a modern slavery system.
Participation
According to Ministry of Justice data, there were 192,655 technical interns in Japan under the terms of the program as of the end of 2015, an increase of about 15% from the previous year. In 2017, China was the largest source of interns, at 46.2% of the total, followed by Vietnam at 29.9% and the Philippines at 9.2%.
In 2019, almost half of 410,000 Vietnamese workers participated in the TITP program.
In December 2019, 328,360 foreign workers were registered as technical trainees.
According to Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, approximately 35,000 workplaces hosted interns as of the end of 2015. Small businesses in rural locations in Japan employee many of the trainees, who are often hosted by local commerce and industry groups and small-business associations. Approximately 42% of trainees work in the seafood processing industry, and as Mazumi finds, in contrast to some criticisms that trainees take jobs from domestic workers, in the seafood processing industry trainees are mostly found in regions which suffer from a shortage of a stable (non-seasonal) workforce. In these areas, "the larger the employment size of the seafood processing industry in the local labor market, and the higher the productivity of the industry, the higher the share of migrants in the local labor force."
History of institutional reform
2010 Jul. Revision of the Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act. Establishment of the "technical training" residence status.
2016 Nov. Technical Intern Training Act enacted
2017 Jan. Establishment of Organization for Technical Intern Training(OTIT)
2017 Nov. Technical Intern Training Act comes into force
Since the 2017 system changes, OTIT has placed a particular emphasis on the protection of Technical Intern.
Under the new system, OTIT focus on compliance (with laws and regulations), additional scheme (3-gou), protection of Technical Intern.
About OTIT(Organization for Technical Intern Training)
OTIT conducts regular on-site inspections, every year for each Supervising organization, every 3 years for each Implementing organization.
If an on-site inspection finds violations of the law, administrative action may be taken, such as revocation of the permit or certification.
Criticism
The program has come under increasing scrutiny for alleged labour rights violations, occupational health and safety issues and lax administrative oversight. It is also criticised that the trainees are forced to work overtime and are subject to unsafe working conditions.
In 2016, the U.S. State Department's Trafficking in Persons Report pointed out that the program "originally designed to foster basic technical skills among foreign workers has effectively become a guest worker program." The report says many interns are "placed in jobs that do not teach or develop technical skills." The program was criticized for trying to counteract the lack of low-skilled workers around the business sector.
According to official figures from the Japanese Ministry of Justice in 2019, between 2012 and 2017 about 171 trainees died during the program. The investigation also revealed that 759 cases of suspected abuse had taken place.
Several Japanese organizations and politicians have demanded the Technical Intern Training Program to be abolished, among them Solidarity Network with Migrants Japan (SMJ), the Japan Federation of Bar Associations (JFBA), as well as the current Minister for Administrative Reform and Regulatory Reform, Tarō Kōno (LDP).
See also
Japan International Training Cooperation Organization
References
Immigration to Japan
Foreign workers
Government of Japan
History of the foreign relations of Japan
Gençali, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The Lone Shieling is a Scottish-style sheep crofters hut (also known as a bothran or shieling) located in Cape Breton Highlands National Park, Nova Scotia. Built in 1942, it is one of the earliest structures in the park and is a Recognized Federal Heritage Building (ID 4627) due to its historical and architectural significance. A short trail, named for the building, leads to Lone Shieling. The building is constructed from irregular field stone with a timber and thatch roof.
Origin
The construction of Lone Shieling was an expressed wish of Professor Donald S. MacIntosh, originally from Pleasant Bay, Inverness County, Nova Scotia, who willed 100 acres of land to the Province of Nova Scotia for the park upon his death in 1934. As noted on the site plaque, he asked:... that the Government of the Province will maintain a small park at the Intervale and will build there a small cabin which will be constructed in the same design or plan as the lone shieling on the Island of Skye, Scotland.
A "lone shieling" is mentioned in the "Canadian Boat-Song" (also known as "The Lone Shieling"), an anonymous poem published in 1829 describing the experience of Scottish emigrants from the Highland Clearances who lived on Cape Breton Island. Quotations from the poem are displayed at the building, specifically:
From the lone shieling of the misty island
Mountains divide us, and the waste of seas -
Yet still the blood is strong, the heart is Highland,
And we in dreams behold the Hebrides
Environment
Lone Shieling sits in one of the most protected areas of Cape Breton Highlands National Park, surrounded by "one of the largest old growth hardwood forests in the Maritimes".
References
Agricultural buildings
Cape Breton County
Stone houses
Jothi is a 2021 Indian supernatural fantasy thriller Tamil language television series, which aired on Sun TV in every weekend and later rescheduled to air on every Sunday. It was produced by Sundar C under the studio of Avni Telemedia. It starred Meghasri portraying the titular role "Jothi", along with Chandana Shetty and Vishnu Unnikrishnan in the lead roles. This show was a sequel of "Nandini". The series went off air on 1 August 2021.
Synopsis
The story of the serial moves as a woman named Sivagami, falls in love with a mysterious man Aadhisheshan, who is a powerful shapeshifting snake. Sivagami and Aadhisheshan both get married and they had two girls- Jothi and Shreya. Jothi inherited human quality also snake powers and Sherya inherited the snake quality. Unaware of her shape shifting serpent powers Jothi, the Nagaloga prince's sole heir is a maid at her own palace, while enduring several hardships from evil serpent forces & her ill-treating family. How she finds her true identity, marries the love of her life and acquires the ‘Nagamanickam' unravels as a mystical tale.
Cast
Main
Meghasri as Jothi Anirudh: A human element but has a snake powers. Aadhisheshan and Sivagami's elder daughter, Shreya's sister, Anirudh's wife; she was adopted and working as a servant in the palace and later turned as daughter-in-law.
Chandana Shetty as Shreya: A Shapeshifting ("Icchadhari") snake. Aadhisheshan and Sivagami's younger daughter, Jothi's sister. She was protecting the "Naga Rathinam".
Vishnu Unnikrishnan as Anirudh: Vasuki and Rajashekar's son, Padmavathi's grandson; Jothi's husband
Recurring
Seema as Padmavathi
Ramesh Pandit as Rajashekar
Mercy Layal as Vasuki Rajashekar
Anuradha
Neela Menon as Leelavathi
Advani as Naveena
Sankavi as Manasa
Sivasankar Master as Hakkim Bhai
Jeeva as Chandru
Anu Mohan as Rangan
Eesan Sujatha as Saraswathi
KPY Palani as Korea
Pollachi Babu
Singamuthu
Geetha Narayanan as Indhrasena
Master Ashwin
VJ Settai Senthil as Kumar
Kottachi
Special appearances
Nassar as Narasimhan - Jothi and Shreya's grandfather, Sivagami's father and Padmavathi's brother (Photographic appearance only)
Kushboo Sundar as Sivagami Aadhisheshan - Jothi and Shreya's mother
Aishwarya as Sambhavi - Padmavathi and Narasimhan's sister (Photographic appearance only)
Power Star Srinivasan as Minister Nagarajan
Dubbed versions
References
Sun TV television series
Tamil-language fantasy television series
Tamil-language horror fiction television series
Tamil-language romance television series
2021 Tamil-language television series debuts
Tamil-language television shows
Television shows set in Malaysia
2021 Tamil-language television series endings
Television series about snakes
Television series about shapeshifting
Walter Drawbridge Crick (15 Dec. 1857, Hanslope – 23 Dec. 1903) was an English businessman, amateur geologist and palaeontologist. He published with Charles Darwin. He was the grandfather (by his son Harry) of Francis Crick, the molecular geneticist.
Born at Pinion End Farm, Hanslope, Crick went into business as a shoemaker, founding a company based at St Giles Street, Northampton that was inherited by his son Walter.
References
Amateur geologists
Shoemakers
English businesspeople in fashion
19th-century British geologists
English palaeontologists
Fellows of the Geological Society of London
1857 births
1903 deaths
19th-century English businesspeople
Henrik Dahlum (born 9 March 1994 in Kristiansand) is a Norwegian footballer playing for Fløy. He is the son of the former Norwegian international Tore André "Totto" Dahlum.
Dahlum made his debut for Start in Tippeligaen in 2011. Before the 2012 Norwegian season he signed a professional contract with the Norwegian club IK Start. He can play both midfield and forward.
Career statistics
References
Profile of Henrik André Dahlum at NFF
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kristiansand
Norwegian footballers
IK Start players
FK Jerv players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Flekkerøy IL players
Association football midfielders
The Mortaio da 260/9 Modello 16 - was an Italian Heavy mortar and Siege Gun designed by the French Schneider Company and produced under license in Italy by Ansaldo and Vickers-Terni for the Italian Army. It was used by the Italian Army during both the First World War and Second World War.
History
After the independence and unification of Italy, the Italians were not self-sufficient in arms design and production. Foreign firms such as Armstrong, Krupp, Schneider, and Vickers all provided arms and helped establish local production of their designs under license.
Although the majority of combatants had heavy field artillery prior to the outbreak of the First World War, none had adequate numbers of heavy guns in service, nor had they foreseen the growing importance of heavy artillery once the Italian Front stagnated and trench warfare set in. Fortresses, armories, coastal fortifications, and museums were scoured for heavy artillery and sent to the front. Suitable field and rail carriages were built for these guns in an effort to give their forces the heavy field artillery needed to overcome trenches and hardened concrete fortifications.
Design
Mortaio da 260/9 S - This was the original Schneider design supplied to the Italian Army. It had a steel box trail carriage, a recoil spade, two wooden spoked wheels with steel rims, a gun shield, a hydro-pneumatic recoil mechanism, a Schneider interrupted screw breech, it fired cased separate-loading ammunition with up to eight bagged charges to vary velocity and range. The box trail carriage had a large hollow section near the breech to allow for high angle fire and like other large Schneider guns, there was an integrated loading tray attached to the breech. Its combat weight was and for transport, it could be broken down into two wagon loads. The barrel could be removed and moved on its own wagon load, while the second wagon load consisted of the carriage and a limber to support the tail of the carriage. On carriage, traverse was only 6°. Although the Italian classification lists the mortar as being 9 calibers in length it is actually 10.5 calibers. The Italian classification system didn't count the breech length like most other countries.
Mortaio da 260/9 Modello 16 - This was the simplified design built in Italy in 1916. The gun barrel was the same but in action, the wheels were removed and the carriage formed a firing platform. The mortar could be transported in one piece and a detachable set of wooden spoked wheels with steel rims could be attached to the front of the carriage. The barrel could then be retracted rearward and laid on top of the trail for transport. The tail of the carriage was then supported by a limber for towing. Towing speed was and set up time was 24 hours. On carriage traverse was increased to 12°, but performance stayed the same. The German classification for the mortar was 26 cm Mrs 582(i).
Organization
A mortar battery is composed of:
4 mortars
4 trailers
2 machine guns
1 utility cart
4 trucks
Photo Gallery
References
World War I mortars of Italy
World War II mortars of Italy
260 mm artillery
Siege artillery
Gio. Ansaldo & C. artillery
Lilia Buckingham (born April 9, 2003) is an American Internet personality, actress, dancer, author, and producer.
Early life and education
Buckingham was born and raised in Beverly Hills, to Jane (née Rinzler) and Marcus Buckingham. She has an older brother, Jack. She is openly lesbian.
Career
Buckingham began acting in local musical theatre productions at a young age. She competitively danced with the MNR Dance Factory, where she met and befriended Mackenzie and Maddie Ziegler and began to grow her online platform. Together with her older brother, Jack, they co-founded anti-cyberbullying organization Positively Social.
Buckingham made her television debut in 2012 with a minor role in an episode of Modern Family. She began working with Brat in 2018, starring as Autumn Miller on the web series Dirt. The character has also made appearances in other series such as Chicken Girls, Total Eclipse and Zoe Valentine, as well as the 2019 Brat film Spring Breakaway. She also made several appearances on the network's talk show, Brat Chat.
In November 2018, Buckingham and Emily Skinner released a single, "Denim Jacket", and donated a portion of the proceeds to GLAAD.
Buckingham voices Heather Masterson, the epistolary narrator of Brat series Crown Lake, which she co-produces with Sara Shepard. Her other filmmaking work includes directing and producing a music video for Jillian Shea Spaeder's 2019 single "Something Better", which received accolades at a number of film festivals. She and Spaeder, her then-girlfriend, wrote and starred in the short film Pink.
Buckingham and Shepard went on to co-author a young adult novel, Influence, about the world of social media influencers.
Bibliography
Influence (2021) , co-written with Sara Shepard
Filmography
Film and television
Web
Music videos
References
External links
Living people
2003 births
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from California
American child actresses
American Internet celebrities
American people of English descent
American web producers
American web series actresses
Bisexual actresses
Entertainers from California
LGBT actors from the United States
LGBT people from California
People from Beverly Hills, California
American bisexual actors
Movements in Colour is an album by British jazz saxophonist and composer Andy Sheppard recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 3½ stars stating "Movements in Colour is a wonderfully breezy, airy, but very sophisticated recording that places an unusual instrument (the tabla) at the center of a jazz group that defies expectations and delivers something new yet familiar; this set is both well-conceived, and more importantly, well-executed". Duncan Heining in his review for Jazzwise stated, "...they share a profound and uplifting grasp of the power of colour and that is certainly a word I would have to use in respect of Sheppard's music. Here it shows in the way these five musicians combine to kaleidoscopic effect that matters most rather than their solo contributions. The impression throughout is of serving the music. "
Track listing
All compositions by Andy Sheppard
"La Tristesse du Roi" - 14:48
"Bing" - 6:00
"Nave Nave Moe" - 12:15
"Ballarina" - 3:43
"May Song" - 6:48
"We Shall Not Go to Market Today" - 8:06
"International Blue" - 5:41
Personnel
Andy Sheppard - soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone
John Parricelli - acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Eivind Aarset - guitar, electronics
Arild Andersen - double bass, electronics
Kuljit Bhamra - tabla, percussion
References
ECM Records albums
Andy Sheppard albums
2009 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Nawabganj is a town and nagar panchayat in Hasanganj tehsil of Unnao district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located northeast of Unnao on the Lucknow-Kanpur road, near the Ajgain railway station. Founded in 1842 and first officially classified as a town for the 1981 census, Nawabganj once served as the seat of a tehsil under the Nawabs of Awadh and is today the headquarters of a community development block containing 124 villages.
Nawabganj is the site of Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary, which was established in 1984 at the site of a local lake. Designated as a protected Ramsar site since September 2019, the sanctuary is home to over 25,000 birds (including both resident and migratory populations) across some 220 species. Among the species present are the endangered Egyptian vulture and Pallas's fish eagle, as well as the vulnerable lesser adjutant and woolly-necked stork. Additionally, the sanctuary is home to larger mammals including the golden jackal and the jungle cat.
Nawabganj hosts a large annual fair at the end of Chait in honour of the goddesses Durga Devi and Kusahri Devi. The fair is one of the largest in the district, drawing visitors from Lucknow and Kanpur. The Durga temple is in Nawabganj, while the Kusahri temple is in the neighbouring village of Kusumbhi to the north. Major products manufactured in Nawabganj include fireworks, jaggery, and sweets. As of 2011, the town's population is 11,545, in 1,985 households.
History
Nawabganj was founded in 1842 by Amin-ud-Daulah, the prime minister of Oudh State, who also built a sarai and mosque here. Naubat Rai, the state's treasurer, was responsible for the construction of the tank. Under the Nawabs of Awadh, Nawabganj was the seat of a tehsil and also had a thana, but it declined in importance after the tehsil was relocated and the population shrank as a result: it was 3,123 in 1869, but by 1891 it had fallen to 2,840. The 1901 census recorded a population of 2,789, including a Muslim minority of about one-sixth of the total.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, Nawabganj has a population of 11,545 people, in 1,985 households. The town's sex ratio is 934 females to every 1000 males; 5,968 of Nawabganj's residents are male (51.7%) and 5,577 are female (48.3%). The 0-6 age group makes up about 12.7% of the town's population; among this group, the sex ratio is 964, which is higher than the district urban average of 903. Members of Scheduled Castes make up 23.55% of the town's population and members of Scheduled Tribes make up 1.22%. The proportion of scheduled tribes in Nawabganj is the highest among towns in Unnao district. The town's literacy rate was 70.6% (counting only people age 7 and up); literacy was higher among men and boys (75.2%) than among women and girls (65.6%). The corresponding gap of 17.3% was the highest among towns in the district. The scheduled castes literacy rate is 57.2% (63.5% among men and boys, and 50.7% among women and girls).
In terms of employment, 25.2% of Nawabganj residents were classified as main workers (i.e. people employed for at least 6 months per year) in 2011. Marginal workers (i.e. people employed for less than 6 months per year) made up 3.1%, and the remaining 71.7% were non-workers. Employment status varied substantially according to gender, with 49.8% of men being either main or marginal workers, compared to only 5.3% of women.
Transport
The train station is at the nearby village of Kusambi, 1.5 km north of Nawabganj. There are 7.4 km of roads in the town, and it is connected by bus routes with other towns.
Communications
Nawabganj's PIN code is 209859 and its postal head office is Nawabganj (Unnao).
Tourism
Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary, a bird sanctuary (chandra shekhar azad) and nature reserve, is located near the town. Shri Durga Mata temple is located in the town. Shri Kushahari Mata temple is 3 k.m. away from the town near kusumbhi railway station.
Villages
Nawabganj CD block has the following 124 villages:
References
Cities and towns in Unnao district
Harsum is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 6 km north of Hildesheim, and 25 km southeast of Hanover.
Subdivisions
Besides Harsum proper, the municipality consists of the villages of Adlum, Asel, Borsum, Hönnersum, Hüddessum, Klein Förste, Machtsum and Rautenberg.
Personalities
Johannes Nordhoff (1870-1950), Chairman of the Employers' Association of German Insurance Companies
Joop Bergsma (1928-2011), Roman Catholic clergyman and theologian
References
Hildesheim (district)
Armando León Reséndez (born 18 January 2000) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga de Expansión MX club Oaxaca.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
León
Liga MX: Guardianes 2020
Leagues Cup: 2021
References
External links
Armando León at Soccerway
Armando León at ESPN
Armando León at Official Liga MX Profile
Living people
2000 births
Mexican footballers
Club León footballers
Liga MX players
Association football forwards
People from Ensenada, Baja California
Footballers from Baja California
Onebala probolaspis is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found in South Africa.
The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brown, but this is little visible. The basal area is glossy leaden grey, enclosing an elongated blackish white-edged median blotch from the base to one-fourth, with some dark fuscous suffusion towards the dorsum beneath this, and a light glossy leaden-grey white-edged fascia from the upper end of this area to the dorsum beyond middle limits a large irregularly rounded triangular blackish-fuscous white-edged dorsal blotch. There is a rather angulated light leaden-grey fascia from the middle of the costa confluent with the preceding fascia near the dorsum, this fascia includes a wedge-shaped streak of ground colour becoming black towards the costa. Beyond this, a white sinuate line runs from three-fifths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, followed on the costal half first by a blackish blotch and then a quadrate white apical blotch. There is also a smaller leaden-grey blotch on the lower half of the termen and a dark fuscous terminal line. The hindwings are grey.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1929
Onebala
Reactive flash volatilization (RFV) is a chemical process that rapidly converts nonvolatile solids and liquids to volatile compounds by thermal decomposition for integration with catalytic chemistries.
Chemistry
The utilization of heavy fossil fuels or biomass rich in carbohydrates, (C6H10O5)n, for fuels or chemicals requires an initial thermochemical process called pyrolysis which fractures large polymers to mixtures of small volatile organic compounds (VOCs). A specific method of pyrolysis of biomass, termed "fast pyrolysis," converts particles of biomass to about 10% carbon-rich solid called char, about 15% gases such as carbon dioxide, and about 70% a mixture of organic compounds commonly referred to as "bio-oil" at 500 °C in 1–2 seconds.
Pyrolysis: Biomass + Heat → 0.70VOCs + 0.10Char + 0.15Gases
The volatile organics can be collected as a brown, highly acidic liquid for further thermochemical conversion by traditional processes such as steam reforming, gasification, catalytic partial oxidation, catalytic cracking, combustion, or hydrotreating.
Catalytic steam reforming: VOCs + H2O + Heat + Catalyst → H2 + CO + Catalyst
Catalytic partial oxidation: VOCs + O2 + Catalyst → H2 + CO + Heat + Catalyst
Catalytic combustion: VOCs + O2 + Catalyst → CO2 + H2O + Heat + Catalyst
These two sets of chemistries, pyrolysis and catalytic processing, are combined to form the reactive flash volatilization process. Solid hydrocarbons or biomass are contacted with high temperature (500–900 °C) catalysts to generate gases and volatile organic compounds. The volatile species flow into the catalyst with a reactant (H2, O2, or H2O) to convert to desirable products (H2, CO, H2O, CO2, or VOCs).
RFV: Biomass + heat + Reactant + Catalyst → Gases + VOCs + Reactant + Catalyst → Products + Catalyst
Discovery
Reactive flash volatilization was demonstrated in 2006 in the journal Science by the high temperature (700–800 °C) conversion of soybean oil (triglycerides) and sugar (D-(+)-glucose) to synthesis gas (H2 + CO) and olefins (ethylene and propylene). Complete, continuous catalytic conversion of heavy fuels was surprising, because the initial pyrolytic chemistry has been shown to generate significant amounts of solid residue called "char" which was expected to block the necessary interaction between the reactant compounds and the solid metal catalyst.
The process has been described, "The low volatility of these biofuel feedstocks not only leads to soot production when they are used directly in internal combustion engines but also causes them to coat industrial catalysts with a deactivating layer of carbon, thus hindering their conversion to lighter products. James Richard Salge and colleagues show that if heavy fuels such as soybean oil or biodiesel are sprayed onto hot rhodium-cerium catalysts as fine droplets in the presence of oxygen, the fuels can self-heat and fully react to form hydrogen without carbon formation and catalyst deactivation."
RFV: Triglyceride + O2 + Catalyst → Ethylene + Propylene + CO2 + H2O + Catalyst
The process converted 70% of the atomic hydrogen in soy-oil triglycerides to molecular H2, and 60% of atomic carbon to carbon monoxide on a Rh-based catalyst with Cerium supported on alpha-alumina. Under different operating conditions, the process can produce a significant amount of ethylene and propylene.
The first demonstration of reactive flash volatilization occurred by a series of experimental steps:
The researchers start with either pure soybean oil or a thick sugar syrup.
The reactor consists of an automotive fuel injector, used to spray the oil or syrup as fine droplets through a tube. Sitting like a plug in the tube is a porous ceramic disk made of a rhodium-cerium catalyst material.
As the droplets hit the disk-whose surface temperature is 1,000 °C-the heat and oxygen break apart the molecules of oil or sugar.
The catalyst guides the breakdown toward the production of syngas rather than toward water vapor and carbon.
The syngas passes through the porous disk and is collected downstream in the tube.
No external heating is needed because the chemical reactions release enough heat to break up molecules of oil or sugar following in their wake.
An initial supply of heat is necessary to achieve temperatures of 300 °C, after which the reaction initiates, or "lights off," and quickly rises to temperatures of 700–800 °C. Under steady conditions, the reaction generates sufficient heat to maintain the high temperature, extremely fast chemistry. The total time for conversion of heavy, nonvolatile compounds to volatile or gaseous species occurs in milliseconds (or thousandths of a second).
Application to Solid Biomass
Reactive flash volatilization of solid particles composed of cellulose, starch, lignin, Quaking Aspen (Populus tremuloides) wood chips, and polyethylene was demonstrated in 2007 in the scientific journal Angewandte Chemie. Particles of cellulose were completely converted to syngas (H2 and CO) and combustion products (H2O and CO2) in as little as 30 milliseconds. Catalytic reforming of all materials occurred without the requirement of an external heat source while operating at 500–900 °C. Under optimal conditions, 50% of all atomic hydrogen and 50% of all atomic carbon can be converted to molecular H2 and carbon monoxide in as little time as 30 milliseconds. Reaction chemistry was demonstrated on both a Rh-Ce/alumina catalyst and a Ni-Ce/alumina catalyst.
A publication in the scientific journal Green Chemistry demonstrated that the process of reactive flash volatilization can be considered a combination of several other global chemistries occurring through thermal and chemical integration. As shown in the diagram at the right, the initial pyrolysis chemistry occurs when the biomass particle (green) physically contacts the hot catalyst (orange). Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) flow into the catalyst with oxygen, adsorb on Rh atoms, and react to form combustion products (H2O and CO2) and syngas (H2 and CO). After this initial chemistry, three main global reactions occur. Combustion products react catalytically with syngas by the water-gas shift reaction. Also, volatile organics react catalytically with steam (H2O) to form new combustion products and syngas. Finally, the volatile organics can crack homogeneously in the gas phase to form smaller volatile organics.
The operating temperature has been shown to vary within the catalyst length while also being a strong function of the biomass-to-oxygen ratio. An experimental examination has shown that the heat required to thermally fracture biomass was generated within the catalyst bed by surface oxidation reactions. The temperature profile (and reaction temperature) was shown to be extremely important to prevent the formation of carbon at equilibrium. Very fast conversion has been attributed to high operating temperatures, but the maximum cellulose processing rate has not been determined. However, catalytic partial oxidation of volatile organic compounds has shown that complete conversion can occur in less than 10 milliseconds.
References
External links
Research group of Lanny D. Schmidt at the University of Minnesota
Basic Research Needs: Catalysis for Energy
Chemical Engineering and Materials Science at the University of Minnesota
Research group of Paul J. Dauenhauer at the University of Minnesota
Chemical processes
Cari Domínguez may refer to:
Cari M. Dominguez, Chair of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Cari Domínguez (handballer) (born 1992), Dominican handball player
İslamlar, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
"January 26" is a song by Australian hip hop duo A.B. Original featuring singer Dan Sultan and was released digitally on 19 August 2016, as the fifth and final single from A.B. Original's debut studio album Reclaim Australia. January 26 is the date of Australia Day, held on the anniversary of the date that the First Fleet arrived in Australia.
In December 2016, the song was the feature of a Facebook event, which encouraged people to vote for the song in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2016. The song was placed at number 16 on the countdown that took place on 26 January 2017.
The 2017 countdown was the last time the annual Triple J Hottest 100 countdown took place on 26 January due to opposition to Australia Day's celebratory commemoration of British settlement, which the song criticises.
At the National Indigenous Music Awards of 2017, the song won Song of the Year and Film Clip of the Year. At the 2017 AIR independent Music Awards, the song won Best Independent single.
At the 2017 South Australian Music Awards, the song won Best Song and Best Music video.
Background and release
Adam Briggs from A.B. Original said "We don't want to piss on your nan's grave but that's what it means to us. It's a slap in the face. It's a hard thing for us to discuss. It's a difficult topic, when we're usually met with such resistance." Trials said: "We want to make people think from our perspective. Imagine if we had a holiday to piss on your nan's grave. We want people to take that and think 'yeah wow that's pretty disrespectful'. Now think about that as a whole, all your ancestors are having their deaths celebrated, then we can have a conversation." In January 2017, the duo said "When we put it out we knew it was going to be a polarising subject." Trials added "Change doesn't really come from people being comfortable and complacent. If that means that we're the guys up there being a little uncomfortable by spreading and sharing this message, then we're prepared for that."
Reception
Andrew Stafford from The Guardian said "In the tradition of all great protest songs, '[January 26]' was uncompromising, accessible and effective.". Stafford liked the song to Archie Roach's "Took the Children Away" in 1990.
In January 2017, ABC said the song is the "most significant, topical, and potentially controversial song" on the Triple J Hottest 100 countdown is "about moving forward".
Promotion
The music video premiered on YouTube on 7 September 2016 and was directed by Richard Coburn.
Track listing
Digital download
"January 26" – 3:20
Release history
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Songs about Australia
Australian songs
Levy Barent Cohen (1747 – 1808) was a Dutch-born British financier and community worker.
Early life
Levy Barent Cohen was born in Amsterdam in 1747. He was the son of Barent Cohen, a wealthy merchant.
Career
Cohen and his brother moved to England where they developed a large business in London. He became known as one of the leading merchants of the city.
Personal life
Cohen was naturalized as a British subject in 1798. He was closely involved in a number of Jewish charities and filled successively all the offices of the Duke's Place Synagogue, the principal Ashkenazi synagogue in London.
Through the marriages which his children contracted, including with Nathan Mayer Rothschild and Sir Moses Montefiore, nearly all the leading Jewish families in England were connected with him. In addition, his brother's daughter was Nanette Salomons Cohen, the maternal grandmother of both Karl Marx and of whom, with his son Gerard, founded Philips Electronics.
Death
Cohen died in England in 1808.
References
1747 births
1808 deaths
British bankers
British financial businesspeople
Dutch bankers
British Jews
Dutch emigrants to England
Dutch Jews
British people of Dutch-Jewish descent
Jewish bankers
Businesspeople from Amsterdam
Cohen family
is a retired Japanese football player. He plays as a winger, comfortable on both flanks. Apart from his speed and dribbling skills, the ability to take set pieces is also part of his key attributes.
Career
Born and raised in Chiba Inui played for numerous clubs in and around the city before being signed to JEF United Chiba. He made his J1 League debut on 29 June 2008 in the 2008 J. League match against FC Tokyo. The game ended 1-1. Inui then signed for Albirex Niigata FC (Singapore) the Singapore S.League division of the Japanese-based Albirex Niigata in 2010.
In 2012, he went on to sign a 2-year contract with S.League side Singapore Armed Forces Football Club after his 2-year stint with the White Swans. He mentioned that having a chance to participate in AFC Cup was one of the main reason behind the move. Having won the 2012 RHB Singapore Cup, he will finally achieve his target in the following season. Unfortunately, the team was knocked out during the Group Stage having only won 1 out of the 6 games and lost the remainder.
After the end of his contract, Inui returned to Japan for trials. In January 2014, it was announced on J3 League side SC Sagamihara's official website that Inui has been signed by the club.
In September 2014, Inui was back in Singapore. He was seen undergoing a trial with Geylang International where he played a friendly match against his former club Warriors FC at the Bedok Stadium.
He re-signed for former club Albirex Niigata FC (Singapore) for the 2016 S.League season and scored his first goal of the season against Hougang United to send the White Swans to the top of the S.League table at the start of April.
After joining Thai Honda, he left in the midseason to join J3 club, Blaublitz Akita.
Club career statistics
As of 27 December 2016
Honours
Club
S.League
2016: Champions
Singapore Cup
2012: Champions
2016: Champions
Singapore League Cup
2011: Champions
2016: Champions
Singapore Charity Shield
2016: Champions
Blaublitz Akita
J3 League (1): 2017
Cambodian League
2018: Champion
Individual
2011 S.League Young Player of the Year
References
External links
Albirex Niigata profile
SAFFC profile
1990 births
Living people
Association football people from Chiba Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J3 League players
Singapore Premier League players
JEF United Chiba players
Albirex Niigata Singapore FC players
Warriors FC players
SC Sagamihara players
Geylang International FC players
Japanese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Singapore
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Singapore
Association football wingers
Expatriate footballers in Cambodia
Nagaworld FC players
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Cambodia
The Valerie Collective was founded as a musical cooperation in Nantes, France, in 2007 by David Grellier and his friends and colleagues. Various acts in Valerie include The Outrunners, Minitel Rose, Anoraak, Maethelvin, all from Nantes as well as Russ Chimes from London and DVAS from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Other artists included Keenhouse and Electric Youth. The hymn of the collective is "West Coast Valerie", a remix of the TV series Côte Ouest.
The Valerie Collective is described as "responsible for some of the very best original electronic music now coming out of France", was created as a way to foster musical talent, by providing opportunities for collaboration among artists, also connecting them through blogs and other internet channels. The collective is characterised by a "retro-futurist", "romantic blend of 1980s inspired electro" or synthwave.
Some of the works are released under the Valerie own record label, whereas others are released under various labels like FVTVR, Endless Summer Recordings, Believe Digital, Flexx, Free Danger. The label Endless Summer Recordings also prepared a compilation album in 2009 entitled Valerie and Friends joining a great number of artists in the project.
References
Synthwave groups
Electronic music organizations
French electronic musicians
2007 establishments in France
Adolf Meier (12 February 1902 – 10 January 1949) was a Swiss athlete. He competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics and the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1902 births
1949 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Swiss male long jumpers
Swiss decathletes
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing
Olympic decathletes
The term Catalanic Community, and the demonym Catalanic, were proposed by Miquel Adlert and other Valencianists as alternative concepts to the Països Catalans (Catalan Countries) and the Catalan nation, as a sole nation, with the intention to define a name that is accepted by all the territories of the Catalan-speaking community. Thus it was expressed his need in a manifest at Serra d'Or. June 1961, no. 6, signed, among others, by Alfons Verdeguer, Xavier Casp, Miquel Adlert, Jaume Bru i Vidal, Alfons Cucó, Rafael Villar and Beatriu Civera:
References
Bibliography
Catalan culture
Valencian nationalism
Çaybaşı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The SJT class are remotely operated underwater vehicles. They are a series of Chinese ROVs, jointly developed by the Shenyang Institute of Automation of the Chinese Academy of Science, and the Institute of Underwater Engineering of Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SHJTU).
The general designer of the SJT class of ROVs is Zhu Jimao (朱继懋), a professor at SHJTU, who also was the general designer of the earlier Type 7103 DSRV. Many more ROUVs have been developed after the SJT series, based on experience gained from this series.
HR-01 ROUV
The origin of SJT class ROUV begins with HR-01 (Hai-Ren Yi-Hao, 海人一号, literal meaning: Sea Person # 1), one of the first indigenously developed ROUVs. Work began in 1982, then completed in the winter of 1985,entering service the following year.HR-01 is equipped with a manipulator and underwater sensors, with a maximum operating depth of 200 meters. In 1989, it won 2nd place in the Science and Technology Advance Award of the Chinese Academy of Science.Based on experience gained from HR-01, the three subsequent SJT series ROUV were successfully developed jointly with a Canadian company from 1985 through to June 1987.
Specifications:
Weight: 2.2 tons
Length: 3.1 meters
Width: 1.5 meters
Height: 1.9 meters
Operating depth: 200 meters
HR-01 is equipped with two lowlight TV cameras, 1 photo camera, 1 manipulator, and four hydraulic-driven propulsors.
SJT-5 ROUV
SJT-5 ROUV is a micro ROUV used for underwater observation. Equipped with underwater color television and a high-power searchlight, it could provide clear underwater images and record the photos taken. T-5, in addition, is equipped with four electrically powered propellers,allowing it to perform complex underwater maneuvers to obtain the optimum position for observation.
Specifications:
Weight: 12 kg
Length: 58 cm
Width: 46 cm
Height: 25 cm
Propulsion: 4 electrically powered propellers
Underwater television: New Vicon color TV
Elevation & Depression: + 30 to – 45 degrees
Tether diameter: 12 mm
Maximum tether tension: 290 kg
Maximum operating depth: 150 meters
SJT-10 ROUV
SJT-10 ROUV is a light ROUV with a single manipulator, and now is primarily used for underwater works for offshore oil platforms.The secondary application of SJT-10 is in salvage. Other applications included similar jobs for underwater structures in the inland waterways. The aluminum-framed SJT-10 is equipped with a digitized depth gauge, compass, sonar, lowlight TV camera, and an onboard computer.
SJT-40 ROUV
SJT-40 ROUV ROUV is the most capable member of the SJT series ROUV and is also the one with the most profound diving capability: up to 400 meters.SJT-40 ROUV has two manipulators and is capable of performing a variety of underwater tasks, and like other members of SJT class ROUV, it is in service with both the civilian and military operators, mainly in underwater maintenance work of oil platforms and other platforms.Like its smaller cousin SJT-10, the aluminum-framed SJT-40 is also equipped with a digitized depth gauge, digitized compass, sonar, lowlight TV camera, an onboard computer.
HR-02 ROUV
Based on experience gained from HR-01 development, SHJTU developed HR-02 ROUV, which is a small ROUV,intended to work in confined spaces underwater.
HR-03 ROUV
HR-03 is a development of earlier HR-02, and like HR-02, it's also a tiny ROUV.HR-2 & HR-03 are small ROUVs that are capable of performing additional tasks in addition to observation, such as collecting samples, and other underwater construction works.
Heavy engineering ROUV
Heavy engineering ROUV is a heavy ROUV developed by SHJTU for underwater inspection, maintenance, and construction works up to a depth of 1,500 meters and is thus equipped with two manipulators, seven cameras, nine lights, and a sonar.
Specifications:
Length: 2.23 meters
Width: 0.9 meters
Height: 1.21 meters
Weight: 4.5 tons
Speed: 3 knots
Power: 50 HP
Maximum operating depth: 1,500 meters
Depth positioning accuracy: ± 0.05 meters
Directional positioning accuracy: ± 1.2°
Max electrical ROUV
Max electrical ROUV is an electrically powered ROUV developed by SHJTU for underwater inspection, maintenance, and construction works up to a depth of 1,000 meters, and is thus equipped with two manipulators, five cameras, four to six lights and up to two sonars, pending on customer requests.
Specifications:
Length: 2.48 meters
Width: 1.3 meters
Height: 1.5 meters
Weight: 0.8 tons
Payload: 150 kg
Speed: 2.97 knots
Power: 65 HP
Maximum operating depth: 1,000 meters
Depth positioning accuracy: ± 0.2 meters
Directional positioning accuracy: ± 1.2°
Medium engineering ROUV
Medium engineering ROUV is a mid-sized ROUV developed by SHJTU for underwater inspection, maintenance, and construction works up to a depth of 500 meters, and is thus equipped with two manipulators, five cameras, six lights and a sonar.
Specifications:
Length: 2.48 meters
Width: 1.3 meters
Height: 1.5 meters
Weight: 1.762 tons
Payload: 150 kg
Speed: 2.97 knots
Power: 65 HP
Maximum operating depth: 500 meters
Depth positioning accuracy: ± 0.2 meters
Directional positioning accuracy: ± 1.2°
ST-6000 ROUV
ST-6000 is an ROUV designed for deep sea observation missions, and completed in June 1995.ST-6000 is capable of operating to a depth of 6,000 meters and on September 30, 1995, it reached a depth of 5,200 meters.
Dragon Emperor ROUV
Dragon Emperor (Long-Huang, 龙皇 in Chinese) ROUV is a development of ST-6000 ROUV, and like its predecessor ST-6000, Dragon Emperor is also used for deep sea observation, and is primarily intended for evaluation and validation of subsystems for future ROUVs designed to operate at great depth, and thus it is an experimental ROUV.In comparison to its predecessor ST-6000 ROUV, Dragon Emperor ROUV can operate at much greater depth, with its maximum operating depth increased by two third to 10,000 meters.
HR-1-100 ROUV
HR-1-100 is a miniature underwater observation vehicle based on the technologies of the much larger HR-01. In addition to a drastic reduction of size and weight, the maximum operational depth is reduced by half to 100 meters from the original 200 meters of HR-01.Since it only performs observation tasks, the component is also greatly simplified with the elimination of the manipulator. HR-1-100 entered service in 1997.
Specifications:
Weight: 32 kg
Maximum operational depth: 100 meters
JH-01 ROUV
Another member of SJT class ROUV is JH-01 (Jiao-Hai, 交海 in Chinese, meaning Transportation Sea) ROUV, which is specifically designed to meet the urgent need for ROUV that is used for underwater dam inspection and maintenance. The first customer of JH-01 is Hai He is Hydraulic Works Committee,and the performance of JH-01 was satisfactory enough for more orders from different customers, including the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN), which deployed JH-01 for breakwater inspection and maintenance, in the same way, JH-01 is used to inspect and maintain dams of reservoirs.
Specifications:
Weight: 37 kg
Operating depth: 60 meters
8H4 ROUV
8H4 ROUV is a development of JH-01, with the latter can only operate to a maximum depth of 60 meters, there was a need for ROUVs able to operate at greater depth.8H4 ROUV was developed as a result, and it is capable of operating at a depth ten times of earlier JH-01.Equipped with two manipulators, 8H4 ROUV can perform various tasks underwater, such as cutting and welding.
Specifications:
Operating depth: 600 meters
JTD-01 Deep Eel I ROUV
Based on experience gained from earlier ROUVs, SHJTU developed JTD-01 Deep Eel (Shen-Man, 深鳗 in Chinese) I ROUV, which is specifically designed for underwater salvage works.Deep Eel I ROUV has been successfully deployed in December 2012 in salvage work at river mouth of Pearl River.
Specifications:
Length: 9.1 meters
Width: 4.1 meters
Height: 4.5 meters
Weight: 40 tons
Operating depth: 200 meters
Walrus 1500 ROUV
Walrus 1500 ROUV is a ROUV developed by SHJTU for underwater inspection, maintenance, and construction works up to a depth of 1,500 meters, and is thus equipped with manipulators, cameras and lights.Specifications:
Maximum operating depth: 1,500 meters
References
Auxiliary ships of the People's Liberation Army Navy
Unmanned underwater vehicles
Remotely operated underwater vehicles
Robotic submarines
Deaths and Entrances is a ballet choreographed by Martha Graham performed to music by Hunter Johnson. Arch Lauterer created the original set; Edythe Gilfond designed the costumes. The ballet was well-received from the first performance despite being labeled as one of Graham's most personal, least accessible works. Oscar de la Renta created new costumes for the ballet's 2005 revival. The piece premiered on July 18, 1943, at Bennington College in Bennington, Vermont. The first performance was an informal preview for which the dancers wore practice clothes although the set was in place.
Title, theme and structure
Deaths and Entrances is staged for ten dancers, six women and four men. The piece takes its title from the Dylan Thomas poem of the same name, a dark reflection on human suffering and grief. The story is inspired by the lives of the "doom-eager" Brontë sisters: Emily, Charlotte and Anne and the women's struggle for self-fulfillment within the era's limitations of convention and tradition. Some viewers also interpret the ballet as the tale of a love triangle, perhaps the one at the heart of Wuthering Heights, or one involving Emily or Graham.
The account of repressed passions takes place in the gloomy interior of an ancient house. Each sister has a set of signature movements specific to her character. Two rival suitors, The Dark Beloved and The Poetic Beloved, enter and leave the scene, stone-faced and inscrutable even as they fist fight. The male characters might also be seen as two sides of one man. The Three Remembered Children, younger versions of the Brontë sisters or perhaps characters representing Graham and her two sisters, skip in and out of the action. Scenes of a chess match, Graham's metaphor for existential life and death, are woven throughout the dance. Emily offers herself to The Dark Beloved, but rejects him when he tries to dominate her. In a violent, convulsive solo passage, she teeters on the brink of madness. In the end, she is able to compose herself and win, or perhaps destroy, the game. Props weighted with symbolism, a transparent goblet, a pair of phallus-like chess pieces and a large conch shell, are moved about the scene with "an air of mystic ritual."
Original cast and reception
The original cast members were:
Martha Graham as Emily Brontë
Jane Dudley as Charlotte Brontë
Sophie Maslow as Anne Brontë
Erick Hawkins as The Dark Beloved
Merce Cunningham as The Poetic Beloved
The Three Remembered Children: Nina Fonoroff, Pearl Lang, Ethel Butler
Although it was well-received from its debut, Deaths and Entrances initially baffled both audiences and critics. The New York Times''' John Martin, who had closely followed Graham's career wrote, "At first seeing, it is perfectly safe to say that not a single spectator can honestly report that he knows what the work is all about," but added "he must acknowledge that it is gripping and emotionally moving."
Performance history Deaths and Entrances'' is frequently performed by the Martha Graham Dance Company. It was reprised in 1970 with Mary Hinkson in the Graham role, in 1974 through 1977 with Phyllis Gutelius in the Central Role, in 1993 with Terese Capucilli and in 2005 and 2013 with Miki Orihara as the lead character.
References
External links
Deaths and Entrances (excerpt), Martha Graham Dance Company
Ballets by Martha Graham
1943 ballet premieres
Mitlödi railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus Süd in the Swiss canton of Glarus. It is an intermediate stop on the Weesen to Linthal railway line, and serves the village of Mitlödi.
The station is served by Zürich S-Bahn service S25 between Zurich and Linthal, and by St. Gallen S-Bahn service S6 between Rapperswil and Schwanden. Both services operate once per hour, combining to provide two trains per hour between Ziegelbrücke and Schwanden.
Services
the following services stop at Mitlödi:
St. Gallen S-Bahn : hourly service between and .
Zürich S-Bahn : hourly service between Zürich Hauptbahnhof and .
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Glarus
Swiss Federal Railways stations
"Sister Fate" is a song by Sheila E. from the album Romance 1600. It was released as the first single from the album in 1985. The album version of the song features an organ and percussion intro and has a running time of 3:50; the single version omits the intro and has a running time of 3:39.
Music video
The video introduced a new image for Sheila E., dressed in a brocaded "cloud jacket" that harkened back to Prince's "cloud suit" from his contemporaneously (1985) released video "Raspeberry Beret". At the timestamp of 3:06 within the video, an image of Prince from "Raspberry Beret" is superimposed for one second over a newspaper graphic with the headline "WHO IS SHEILA E.'S MYSTERY LOVE?"
Chart performance
The song stalled on the charts and went no higher than #36 on the R&B charts, and did not chart on the Hot 100. Its greatest chart position was when it peaked at #8 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. Because of the under performance of "Sister Fate", the second single, "A Love Bizarre" (a duet with mentor Prince) was rush released.
Chart positions
Formats and track listings
U.S. 7"
"Sister Fate" (edit) – 3:39
"Sister Fate" (instrumental) – 3:39
U.S. 12"
"Sister Fate" (extended) – 5:45
"Save the People" – 8:28
References
Songs written by Prince (musician)
Sheila E. songs
Paisley Park Records singles
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
Harold Frend See, Jr. (born November 7, 1943) is a legal scholar and was an associate justice of the Alabama Supreme Court from 1997 to 2009. The son of Harold F. See, Sr., and Corinne See, he was born at the Great Lakes Naval Training Center in Illinois while his father was serving with the United States Navy in the South Pacific.
See received a B.A. from Emporia State University, Kansas, an M.Sc. in economics from Iowa State University, and a J.D. from the University of Iowa College of Law, where he graduated with honors and was awarded the Order of the Coif.
See worked his way through school as a heavy equipment operator, a sheet metal worker, and a roofer. He served as assistant professor of economics at Illinois State University and practiced law with the law firm of Sidley & Austin. He joined the faculty at the University of Alabama School of Law, where he served for over twenty years successively as associate professor, full professor, and Herbert D. Warner Professor of Law. In 1996, he was elected associate justice of the Alabama Supreme Court as a Republican by defeating first-term incumbent Democrat Kenneth Ingram in a race that attracted national attention for its rough campaign. See was sworn in following his November election in January, 1997. He lost a Republican Primary race to become chief justice in 2000 to then-Etowah County Circuit Judge Roy Moore, but was re-elected to a second term on the Supreme Court in 2002. He declined to run for reelection to a third term in 2008 and was succeeded by Greg Shaw.
See is currently a professor at Belmont University College of Law, where he teaches intellectual property, trademarks, and law and economics.
Affiliations
See has served as a contributing editor to the Federal Circuit Bar Journal, and he is a member of the American Law Institute, the Alabama Law Institute, the American Law and Economics Association, the Federalist Society, the American Bar Association, the Alabama State Bar Association, and V.O.C.A.L., a victims' rights advocacy group. In 2011, Justice See joined the faculty of the Belmont University College of Law in Nashville, Tennessee.
References
External links
www.judicial.state.al.us
1943 births
Living people
Alabama lawyers
Emporia State University alumni
Iowa State University alumni
Illinois State University faculty
University of Alabama faculty
Lawyers from Montgomery, Alabama
Justices of the Supreme Court of Alabama
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
Alabama Republicans
Sheet metal workers
Politicians from Montgomery, Alabama
People associated with Sidley Austin
Law and economics scholars
Emporia High School alumni
South End Circle is a metro station on the Green Line of the Namma Metro serving the Basavanagudi area of Bangalore, India. It was opened to the public on 18 June 2017.
Station layout
Entry/Exits
See also
Bangalore
List of Namma Metro stations
Transport in Karnataka
List of metro systems
List of rapid transit systems in India
References
External links
Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd. (Official site)
UrbanRail.Net – descriptions of all metro systems in the world, each with a schematic map showing all stations.
Namma Metro stations
Railway stations in India opened in 2015
2015 establishments in Karnataka
Railway stations in Bangalore
WRNS (960 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a sports format featuring programming from CBS Sports Radio, as well as the affiliate for the Down East Wood Ducks. Licensed to Kinston, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Dick Broadcasting, through licensee Dick Broadcasting Company, Inc. of Tennessee.
In September 2017, Dick Broadcasting announced the purchase of Alpha Media stations in three markets — 18 stations and two translators in total, at a purchase price of $19.5 million. The acquisition of WRNS by Dick Broadcasting was consummated on December 20, 2017.
References
External links
RNS
Sports radio stations in the United States
CBS Sports Radio stations
Radio stations established in 1937
1937 establishments in North Carolina
The World Skate Europe - Rink Hockey, formerly known as Comité Européen de Rink-Hockey, is a technical committee within World Skate Europe responsible for the governing of rink hockey (or roller hockey) in Europe.
European Competitions
National teams
Men
European Roller Hockey Championship
European Roller Hockey Junior Championship (U-20)
European Roller Hockey Juvenile Championship (U-17)
Latin Cup (between U-23 teams of France, Italy, Portugal and Spain)
Women
European Women's Roller Hockey Championship
European Women's Roller Hockey Junior Championship
European Women's Roller Hockey Juvenile Championship
U17 Female Tournament
Clubs
Euroleague
Women's Female League
World Skate Europe Cup
Continental Cup
U17 Female Club Tournament
World Championships
National teams take part every two years in the rink hockey World Cup, which is now part of the World Roller Games organised by World Skate.
Men's Rink Hockey World Cup
Women's Roller Hockey World Cup
U20 Men's World Championship
European National Rink Hockey leagues
Austria
Belgium
England
France
Germany
Italy
Israel
Netherlands
Portugal
Spain
Spain women's
Switzerland
See also
Roller hockey rankings
Nations Cup
References
External links
Official website
Roller hockey in Europe
Rink
Niccolò Turrisi Colonna (August 10, 1817 – May 13, 1889), Baron of Gorgo and Bonvicino, was a Sicilian politician from Palermo.
He was a leading landowner and enlightened in the way he ran his business, studying agricultural science. He was a patriot even before the unification of Italy (). After the annexation of Sicily by Italy in 1860, Turrisi Colonna was made leader of the Palermo National Guard. He became a member of the Italian Senate (1865) and in the 1880s served twice as mayor of Palermo.
In 1864, Turrisi Colonna wrote a study, Public Security in Sicily, in which he described a "sect of thieves" that operated across Sicily and which is considered to be an early description of the Mafia, although he did not mention the term. This "sect" had special signals to recognize each other, had political protection in many regions, and a code of loyalty and non-interaction with the police known as umirtà or omertà ("humility"). The sect was mostly rural, comprising plantation wardens and smugglers, among others. The sect made "affiliates every day of the brightest young people coming from the rural class, of the guardians of the fields in the Palermitan countryside, and of the large number of smugglers; a sect which gives and receives protection to and from certain men who make a living on traffic and internal commerce. It is a sect with little or no fear of public bodies, because its members believe that they can easily elude this."
Turrisi Colonna warned in his report that the Italian government's brutal attempts to crush unlawfulness only made the problem worse by alienating the populace. He seemed to have known what he was talking about, as there was widespread suspicion that he was the protector of some important Mafiosi in Palermo. Domenico Farini, longtime president of the Senate, recalled that some members of Parliament told him in private in 1876 that Turrisi Colonna was the head of the Mafia.
References
Dickie, John (2004). Cosa Nostra. A history of the Sicilian Mafia, London: Coronet,
Lupo, Salvatore (2009). History of the Mafia, New York: Columbia University Press,
Paoli, Letizia (2003). Mafia Brotherhoods: Organized Crime, Italian Style, New York: Oxford University Press (Review by Klaus Von Lampe) (Review by Alexandra V. Orlova)
1817 births
1889 deaths
Members of the Senate of the Kingdom of Italy
Mayors of Palermo
19th-century Italian politicians
Barons of Italy
In tennis, the strings are the part of a tennis racquet which make contact with the ball. The strings form a woven network inside the head (or "hoop") of the racquet. Strings have been made with a variety of materials and possess varying properties that have been measured, such as dynamic stiffness, tension retention, thickness (gauge), string texture (shape of the string), and rebound efficiency.
Composition
The material used in tennis string can significantly affect a player's performance, and even health. Several materials are used to make tennis strings. They vary in terms of elasticity, durability, rebound efficiency, tension holding capability, and manufacturing cost, among other considerations.
Natural gut
Animal intestine is the most resilient material used to make tennis strings. It has better tension retention than any other material, and also is softer than any other material used for tennis strings. It provides the most energy return, meaning it is the most efficient string. It remains soft at high tensions while other materials tend to stiffen dramatically. This allows gut string to enable players to string rather tightly to improve ball control without losing much rebound efficiency (power) and without greatly increasing impact shock, which can hurt the elbow and other joints.
Its principal drawbacks are much higher cost to manufacture and purchase than other materials, weakness to shear stresses from off-center hits (typical of beginning players), variable quality control depending upon the brand, batch, age, storage conditions, and grade, difficulty of stringing due to its delicacy, and poor durability when wetted with water. Natural gut is very sensitive to different types of weather and those players who use it normally carry several different racquets with different tensions to compensate for this. Some players, particularly those who hit flat shots and hit the sweet spot consistently, find high-quality gut to be more durable than many other types of strings due to its outstanding tension retention. This may help to offset the high initial cost. The use of a dense string pattern also generally improves the longevity of natural gut.
Natural gut is produced by drying fibers extracted from a part of the cow intestine called the serous membrane, or serosa, which contains collagen designed to withstand the stretching and contraction of the intestine. It is this elasticity that makes the fibers useful for tennis string. Sheep intestines have also been used for racquet strings in the past.
A general name for this material is catgut.
The first natural gut tennis string was rumored to be manufactured in 1875 by Pierre Babolat, who would launch the VS brand of gut fifty years later. Natural gut is usually offered in coated form, to reduce its tendency to unravel, particularly when humid or wet.
Even though handles were used after gloves in “Jeu de Paume,” the first prototype of the modern racket used today was created in Italy in 1583. The first rackets were made of wood and had strings made of gut at this time. The rackets had a slightly different shape than are used today; however, they are the first semblance of a racket being used for tennis. The strings utilized in these rackets were similar to strings that had been used in instruments previously.
Synthetic gut
Synthetic gut is nylon, nearly always composed of a single filament. It is a very inexpensive string to manufacture and is generally the least expensive string to purchase.
Small changes from pure nylon are usually found in strings sold as "synthetic gut". Textured coatings, colorants and the addition of a small amount of Kevlar are the most common changes. Some manufacturers, such as Gosen, label nylon strings with words like "sheep", as in sheep intestine, although such strings contain no gut.
Synthetic gut, as it is used for mono-filament nylon strings, is now a misnomer, as the creation of multi-filament strings has provided players with a better approximation of natural gut's performance. Modern "synthetic gut" is actually a multi-filament string that holds its tension extremely well and which has a dynamic stiffness profile that is closest to natural gut, although the industry continues to apply the term to mono-filament nylon strings.
Multi-filament, or "multi"
Multi-filament strings, known commonly as "multis" are strings that have more than one filament. They are most commonly made of many filaments of nylon, but can incorporate other materials such as polyurethane, Zyex, Vectran, Kevlar, and other materials. Multi-filament strings offer better elasticity than single filament strings, but usually inferior durability. No multi-filament string holds its tension as well as natural gut, and none of them is as soft.
However, in comparison to mono-filament "synthetic gut", multi-filament strings can offer a much closer approximation of natural gut's performance. The softest multi-filament strings can be made with Zyex and polyolefin, although some of the softest of these strings are no longer on the market.
Nylon
Nylon is the most popular string material for amateur players due to its low cost and the improvement in elasticity offered by multi-filament strings. Wear-resistant coatings for nylon strings are common, especially with multi-filament strings, because the outer filaments tend to break first as the racquet is used.
Polyester
Polyester is a stiff and durable string material, originally intended for use by frequent string breakers. It took time for this string material to become popular, primarily due to its poor tension holding capability. However, players feel they are able to apply more topspin to balls while maintaining control with polyester strings.
Polyester revolutionized professional tennis when a then little known Belgian string maker Luxilon supplied Gustavo Kuerten in 1997, who went on to win that year's French Open. Since then, polyester's support for heavy topspin in particular has made it the most popular string material in the professional tennis tour. The increased topspin due to polyester strings has been verified with controlled experiments today. The exact cause for the increased spin is not known but there is strong evidence that the low friction between strings is a factor.
Kevlar
Kevlar is the stiffest, most durable synthetic string available, and is thus extremely hard to break. Although it is one of the best strings in terms of tension holding capability (next to natural gut), it is the most dangerous string when it comes to developing tennis elbow. Kevlar is often strung with another string, such as nylon), in order to combine both strings' qualities, as Kevlar by itself feels too stiff for many tennis players, especially when combined with a stiff racquet. Some advocate using a very thin gauge Kevlar for increasing comfort, but even in the thinnest gauge it is a stiff string. Another strategy to increase comfort and improve rebound efficiency is to string Kevlar at a low tension.
Vectran
Vectran is the second-most stiff and durable of string types. It is perhaps the least commonly used contemporary string material. It is usually added to nylon string to increase nylon's durability and stiffness, as with Kevlar. Yonex, for instance, offers two badminton strings, made primarily from nylon, which have Vectran strands. However, the Ashaway company offers a braided Vectran tennis string.
Zyex
Zyex string offers more rebound efficiency, i.e. gut-like dynamic stiffness, than other synthetic strings, particularly when strung at low tensions. This gives it playability that is more similar to natural gut than, arguably, other synthetic materials. It also has low overall stiffness. The ProKennex IQ Element Z string, for instance, has the lowest stiffness of any synthetic string yet tested. The drawback of Zyex is that the outer wrapping materials in Zyex tennis string tend to be much less durable than the Zyex filaments inside the string and do not bond with them. This can lead to the outer wrapping wearing away, leaving the inner Zyex filaments.
Polyolefin
Polyolefin is one of the softest synthetic string materials, rivaling some Zyex and most nylon multi-filaments. It offers mediocre durability and tension retention, so it is generally used as the cross string in a hybrid string setup. For those who do not break strings very quickly, however, 100% polyolefin stringing may be a good alternative to natural gut and multi-filament strings. This is especially true for those who have had tennis elbow and find natural gut string to be too costly.
Metal wire
Metal wire, usually piano wire, was used in some historical racquets.
Titanium
Titanium is also used. Usually Titanium strings are based on Nylon or multi-filament strings with the titanium applied with the coating of the string, to protect the material from UV and abrasion, or is integrated into the filaments to modify the play-ability of the string. Based on Nylon or multi-filament strings, the titanium is either applied with the coating of the string, protecting the material from UV radiation and abrasion, or the titanium is integrated into the filaments to modify the play-ability of the string. Titanium strings are no longer popular today.
Gauge
The "gauge" number determines the thickness of the string. A string rated with a high gauge number is a thinner string, and vice versa. Thinner strings typically offer higher performance but break more frequently than thicker strings.
Stringing pattern
Virtually all modern racquets are strung in a criss-cross horizontal-vertical pattern. Various other patterns have been used in history with varying success.
Double strung tennis racquets were introduced in 1977 but the "spaghetti racquets" were later banned because they permitted excessive spin and were too successful.
Racquets are strung either with two separate strings (and thus four knots), or with a single string (resulting in only two knots). Sometimes, a hybrid of two different string types may be used in the same racquet. Traditionally, a double half hitch has been used to tie off tennis string, along with a starting knot. Recently, new kinds of knots have been used called the "pro-knot" and "Parnell knot". Along with the use of a starting clamp, this can make all the knots identical, and improve the aesthetics of a string job.
Stringing
The process of installing strings in the racquet is called "stringing," and is done with a racquet string machine. These machines vary in complexity, accuracy and price.
String tension
The "string tension" of a racquet, usually expressed in pounds, indicates the pressure under which the strings are secured to the frame. The string tension affects a racquet's playing characteristics, such as the "feel" of the ball, control over the ball, as well as maximizing power.
All racquets come with recommended string tensions, most of which lie between 50 and 70 pounds (220 to 310 N).
A loosely strung racquet will usually have a larger sweet spot and will hit farther but, when swung hard enough, it will shoot balls unpredictably; a tighter string job will help make delicate shots with more finesse and control.
An extremely tightly strung racquet cuts down on a tennis player's feel on the ball, but can give the player excellent control if swung hard enough, with a smooth stroke. Such tension may make delicate shots more difficult, but makes play from the baseline more constant. However, if a player often hits powerful shots, a tightly strung racquet may quickly tire the arm, possibly resulting in tennis elbow.
Many professional stringers advise players to string racquets with the lowest tension possible while still being able to maintain control of the ball. Beginning players trying to find their tension should start in the middle of the recommended tension range and adjust the tension from there to meet their needs. The recommended tension is usually printed on the racquet. With a lower tension the racquet will have more power and less control; with a higher tension, it will have less power and more control.
Restringing
Due to the tension present on the strings, elasticity and tension begins to decrease the moment they are installed in a racquet. "Dead strings", or strings which have lost their tension, cut down on the performance of a racquet. Dead strings may also hamper a tennis player's ability to generate power and pace, and may even make their arm sore.
The frequency of restringing depends on the player and the racquet, but there are a few recommended intervals. One is to restring the racquet as many times in a year as the player uses it in a week; e.g., if the racquet is used three times per week, it should be restrung three times per year. Another guideline is to restring after every 40 hours of play; if the racquet is used three times per week and three hours per session, it should be restrung approximately every five weeks. If the player has access to a tennis string tension meter (or access to a pro shop equipped with one), he may restring his racquet after he measures a loss of 25% or more of stringbed stiffness. However, many players who hit the ball hard enough to break the strings simply restring rackets whenever the strings break.
United States Racquet Stringers Association
The United States Racquet Stringers Association (USRSA) offers two levels of certification for stringers: the Certified Stringer and the Master Racquet Technician, of which around 350 exist worldwide. The Master Racquet Technician certification process includes testing of the stringer's ability to string a racquet, perform grip work, identify mistakes in an improperly strung racquet, and pass a written test that covers not only strings, but racquet technology as well.
Since 2004, RSi, the USRSA's monthly magazine, has named a Stringer of the Year. Past winners were:
Randy Stephenson, Texas (2004)
Bob Patterson, Alabama (2005)
Grant Napier, Tennessee (2006)
Tim Strawn, Virginia (2007)
Nate Ferguson, Florida (2008)
Ron Rochi, Illinois (2009)
Tom Parry, Minnesota (2010)
Todd Mobley, Georgia (2011)
John Gugel, Florida (2012)
Chuck Hakansson, Georgia (2013)
David Yamane, North Carolina (2014)
Julian Li, California (2015)
Philip van Asselt, Pennsylvania (2016)
References
Tennis equipment
Belenobası is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
ABC Australia may refer to:
Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC), the national broadcast network in Australia
ABC Australia (Southeast Asian TV channel), an Asia-Pacific pay-TV channel operated by the ABC
ABC Radio (Australia), the radio network operated by the ABC
ABC Television (Australian TV network), the TV network of the ABC
ABC TV (Australian TV channel), an Australian TV channel, formerly ABC1
Jermaine Fazande (born January 14, 1975) is a former American football running back of the National Football League. He was originally drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the second round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oklahoma.
Fazande is currently a police officer with the Rice University Police Department in Houston, Texas.
College career
Fazande attended the University of Oklahoma from 1994 to 1998 as a fullback. As a redshirt freshman in 1994, Fazande did not see the field until 1995. He rushed for a career high 491 yards on 105 attempts and five touchdowns as a Junior in 1997. Injuries, including a fractured jaw suffered during a practice in August 1998, limited Fazande to just nine games his senior season, as he rushed 42 times for just 161 yards.
College statistics
Professional career
San Diego Chargers
Fazande was drafted by the San Diego Chargers with the 60th overall pick in the 2nd round of the 1999 NFL draft. The Chargers had acquired the draft pick in a trade with the Atlanta Falcons in May 1998 for wide receiver Tony Martin. A fullback in college, the Chargers moved him to running back, hoping to copy some success they had with Natrone Means. A backup as a rookie, he had his first big game in the final game of the season against the Denver Broncos, carrying the ball 30 times and rushing for 183 yards and the only touchdown of the game, as San Diego won 12–6. He finished his rookie campaign by leading the Chargers in rushing, carrying the ball 91 times for 365 yards and two touchdowns. Following the season, the Chargers released veteran Natrone Means, allowing for Fazande to work for a larger role the following season. In 2000, Fazande was second on the Chargers in rushing with 368 yards on 119 carries, rushing for just two touchdowns. In 2001, the Chargers with new general manager John Butler drafted hall of famer LaDainian Tomlinson, allowing the team to release Fazande at final cuts on September 3, 2001.
New England Patriots
On May 1, 2003, the New England Patriots signed Fazande. Fazande, however, never made it out of training camp with the Patriots, and never played again in the NFL.
Professional statistics
Personal life
Following his NFL career, Fazande became a police officer with the Rice University Police Department in Houston, Texas.
References
1975 births
Living people
People from Marrero, Louisiana
Players of American football from Louisiana
American football running backs
Oklahoma Sooners football players
San Diego Chargers players
Immediate mode in computer graphics is a design pattern of API design in graphics libraries, in which
the client calls directly cause rendering of graphics objects to the display, or in which
the data to describe rendering primitives is inserted frame by frame directly from the client into a command list (in the case of immediate mode primitive rendering),
without the use of extensive indirection – thus immediate – to retained resources. It does not preclude the use of double-buffering.
Retained mode is an alternative approach. Historically, retained mode has been the dominant style in GUI libraries; however, both can coexist in the same library and are not necessarily exclusive in practice.
Overview
In immediate mode, the scene (complete object model of the rendering primitives) is retained in the memory space of the client, instead of the graphics library. This implies that in an immediate mode application the lists of graphical objects to be rendered are kept by the client and are not saved by the graphics library API. The application must re-issue all drawing commands required to describe the entire scene each time a new frame is required, regardless of actual changes. This method provides on the one hand a maximum of control and flexibility to the application program, but on the other hand it also generates continuous work load on the CPU.
Examples of immediate mode rendering systems include Direct2D, OpenGL
and Quartz. There are some immediate mode GUIs that are particularly suitable when used in conjunction with immediate mode rendering systems.
Immediate mode primitive rendering
Primitive vertex attribute data may be inserted frame by frame into a command buffer by a rendering API. This involves significant bandwidth and processor time (especially if the graphics processing unit is on a separate bus), but may be advantageous for data generated dynamically by the CPU. It is less common since the advent of increasingly versatile shaders, with which a graphics processing unit may generate increasingly complex effects without the need for CPU intervention.
Immediate mode rendering with vertex buffers
Although drawing commands have to be re-issued for each new frame, modern systems using this method are generally able to avoid the unnecessary duplication of more memory-intensive display data by referring to that unchanging data (via indirection) (e.g. textures and vertex buffers) in the drawing commands.
See also
Immediate mode GUI
Display list
Retained mode, usually contrasted with immediate mode
Scene graph
References
Computer graphics
OpenGL
DirectX
Ouray County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,874. The county seat is Ouray. Because of its rugged mountain topography, Ouray County is also known as the Switzerland of America.
History
Ouray County was formed out of San Juan County on 18 January 1877, the first county designated by the newly formed Colorado State Legislature. It was named for Chief Ouray, a distinguished Ute Indian chief. Ouray was designated county seat on 8 March 1877. On 19 February 1881, Dolores County was formed out of Ouray County.
On 27 February 1883, Ouray County was split into San Miguel County and what is currently Ouray County. The portion that became San Miguel County almost retained the name Ouray County when the Colorado General Assembly initially renamed Ouray County as Uncompaghre County. Four days later on 2 March 1883, the General Assembly changed its mind and changed the name of Uncompaghre County back to Ouray County.
The Ouray County Courthouse was constructed in Ouray in 1888 and is located on the National Register of Historic Places.
Mining operators in the San Juan mountain area of Colorado formed the San Juan District Mining Association (SJDMA) in 1903, as a direct result of a Western Federation of Miners proposal to the Telluride Mining Association for the eight-hour day, which had been approved in a referendum by 72 percent of Colorado voters. The new association consolidated the power of thirty-six mining properties in San Miguel, Ouray, and San Juan counties. The SJDMA refused to consider any reduction in hours or increase in wages, helping to provoke a bitter strike.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water. The highest mountain in Ouray County is Mount Sneffels at 14,150 feet above sea level. Many high peaks of more than 13,300 feet also exist. Other prominent features in Ouray County include Log Hill Mesa and Pleasant Valley.
Adjacent counties
Montrose County - north
Gunnison County - northeast
Hinsdale County - southeast
San Juan County - south
San Miguel County - southwest
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 550
State Highway 62
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,742 people, 1,576 households, and 1,123 families residing in the county. The population density was 7 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 2,146 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.34% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 0.94% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.53% from other races, and 1.71% from two or more races. 4.06% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,576 households, out of which 28.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.40% were married couples living together, 6.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.70% were non-families. 23.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.77.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.50% under the age of 18, 4.10% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 34.10% from 45 to 64, and 12.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 102.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,019, and the median income for a family was $49,776. Males had a median income of $35,141 versus $26,176 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,335. About 6.00% of families and 7.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.00% of those under age 18 and 2.90% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
From the first election that it participated in, in 1912, until 1944, Ouray County was a swing county that voted for the winner of each election from Woodrow Wilson's 1912 victory to Franklin Roosevelt's 1940 victory, however broke that streak when it voted for Thomas Dewey in 1944. Between 1944 and 2004, it transformed into a Republican stronghold, with Lyndon B. Johnson being the only Democrat to win the county in his 1964 landslide, with Republicans frequently getting 50-60% of the vote, even reaching more than 70% in Richard Nixon's and Ronald Reagan's 49 state landslides in 1972 and 1984. In fact, Nixon and Reagan are the only candidates in history to receive 70% of the vote in the county, and Reagan remains the last candidate in history to receive 70% of the votes there, and the second to last to receive over 60%, the last being George H. W. Bush in 1988. However, starting with Barack Obama's victory in 2008, Ouray County has transformed into a Democratic powerhouse, with Joe Biden winning it by almost 20 points in 2020. At 58.8%, Biden's vote share is the highest of any candidate since George H.W. Bush's 63.9% in 1988.
Recreation
Ouray County, named Switzerland of America, is home to many parks and hiking trails. The Ridgway State Park is located due north of Ridgway on the Ridgway Reservoir and includes a marina and camping facilities as well as an extensive trail system. Within and surrounding the county are the Uncompahgre National Forest, Mount Sneffels Wilderness, and the Uncompahgre Wilderness. Leading through the county is the Bear Creek National Recreation Trail. Well known for its view of the San Juan Mountains and Cimarron Range, scenic highways such as the Alpine Loop National Scenic Back Country Byway and San Juan Skyway National Scenic Byway exist. The Great Parks Bicycle Route and Western Express Bicycle Route also go through Ouray County.
The Elks Lodge of Ouray County is only one of a very few surviving American locations for a bowling alley facility - a more famous one being Milwaukee, Wisconsin's Holler House - that uses exclusively human-operated pinsetting units to set the tenpins for bowling on its pair of vintage wood bowling lanes.
Communities
Ouray County has two home rule municipalities, three census-designated places, and four unincorporated communities. The home rule municipalities are the city of Ouray and town of Ridgway, also the most populous settlements in the county. Loghill Village is the next largest development and is a residential, relatively affluent, community in comparison to the rest of the county. Along with Loghill, Portland and Colona serve as census-designated places within Ouray County. The unincorporated communities within the county are Camp Bird, Dallas, Thistledown, and Eldredge. All the communities, with the exception of Ridgway and Ouray, serve as primarily residential communities, though Loghill Village maintains a small tourism sector.
Colona, Eldredge, and Dallas are located in the northern reaches of the county along U.S. Highway 550, though Eldredge and Dallas are located within the valleys of the San Juan Mountains while Colona is in the short stretch of the Uncompahgre Valley within Ouray County. Portland is placed down valley of Ouray, though still south of Ridgway. Camp Bird and Thistledown are communities placed southwest of Ouray on Camp Bird Road. From north to south the communities are Colona, Eldredge, Dallas, Ridgway, Ouray, and then southwest along Camp Bird Road to Thistledown and Camp Bird. The historic towns of Sneffels and Ironton are located further west from Camp Bird and south of Ouray, respectively. Populations listed below are from the 2010 United States census data.
Historic towns
Dallas
Guston
Ironton
Red Mountain Town
Sneffels
Minerals of Ouray County
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Communities of Ouray County
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ouray County, Colorado
References
External links
Ouray County Government website
Ouray visitor's guide
Ouray County Historical Society
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Ouray County Plaindealer newspaper
Colorado counties
Colorado placenames of Native American origin
1877 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1877
The Iwahig River, also known as Balsahan River, is a watershed located in the Iwahig Penal Colony in Palawan, Philippines. It has an elevation of with an approximate length of The river basin is a watershed encompassing the city of Puerto Princesa in Palawan province.
Topography
The basin area has a gentle a slope to steep slopes with an elevation range of to more than above sea
level. Soil types include Guimbalaon clay, Taburos clay and Bay clay loam. The basin's large area are unclassified with its mountainous land with a closed canopy of trees that covers almost the entire basin.
Flooding
The towns of Iwahig ang Montible were found susceptible to flooding by the study conducted by the Mines and Geosciences Bureau.
References
Rivers of the Philippines
Landforms of Palawan
RV8 may refer to:
Mandala 8, the eighth mandala of the Rigveda
MG RV8, a sports car produced by MG Cars
Van's Aircraft RV-8, a kit aircraft
Sonata No. 7 in C minor, RV 8, from Antonio Vivaldi's Twelve Trio Sonatas, Op. 2
Al-Nasr wal-Salam Sport Club (), is an Iraqi football team based in Baghdad, that plays in the Iraq Division Three.
Managerial history
Odah Shukor
Raed Ismail
See also
2019–20 Iraq FA Cup
2020–21 Iraq FA Cup
References
External links
Al-Nasr wal-Salam SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
2003 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 2003
Football clubs in Baghdad
"I Don't Know Why" (sometimes listed as "Don't Know Why I Love You") is a song by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder, from the 1968 album For Once in My Life. It was released as a single on January 28, 1969, with "My Cherie Amour" on the B-side. A few months later, the single was re-issued with sides reversed because of the growing popularity of "My Cherie Amour", which became a Top Ten hit.
Cash Box stated that "Wonder is softened just a trifle on this slower and more dramatically developing ballad."
Personnel
Stevie Wonder – vocals, clavinet
The Funk Brothers – all other instruments
Charts
The single peaked at No. 39 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song was recorded when Wonder was 18 years old, and became a moderate hit single, together with "You Met Your Match", another song from the album. It also showcases Wonder's talents on the clavinet.
Rolling Stones version
A rendition of "I Don't Know Why" by the Rolling Stones is included on their 1975 ABKCO outtake album Metamorphosis. It was recorded on July 3, 1969, during the sessions for Let It Bleed, the night that news broke of Brian Jones' death. The song was also used as the B-side for their 1975 single "Try A Little Harder", and peaked at No. 42 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
References
1968 songs
1969 singles
Stevie Wonder songs
Songs written by Lula Mae Hardaway
Songs written by Stevie Wonder
Torch songs
Song recordings produced by Stevie Wonder
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1973.
Events
Debuts
Mõmmi ja aabits
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
20 February - Indrek Saar, actor and politician
3 August - Aigi Vahing (:et), actress
14 December - Jan Uuspõld, actor
Deaths
References
Links to nations or nationalities point to articles with information on that nation's poetry or literature. For example, United Kingdom links to English poetry and Indian links to Indian poetry.
Events
January 19 - Starting this year, and continuing to at least 2009, an anonymous black-clad person, who enters popular lore as the Poe Toaster, appears in Baltimore at the Westminster Hall and Burying Ground tomb of American poet Edgar Allan Poe early on the morning of Poe's birthday. The man toasts Poe with Cognac and leaves three red roses at the grave (along with the remainder of the Cognac).
February 19 - Ezra Pound is awarded the first Bollingen Prize in poetry by the Bollingen Foundation and Yale University provoking a storm of criticism because of his pro-Fascist activities before and during World War II.
March - Pablo Neruda flees Chile over the Lilpela Pass through the Andes to Argentina on horseback carrying a manuscript of his Canto General.
April 14 - Roy Campbell punches Stephen Spender on the nose at a poetry reading in London.
October - Publication begins in Italy of L'inferno di Topolino, a graphic parody of Dante's Inferno featuring Mickey Mouse with text and verse by Guido Martina.
Indonesian poet Chairil Anwar writes his last poem, "Cemara Menderai Sampai Jauh" ("Fir Trees Are Sown Off Into the Distance"), prior to his death aged 26 on April 28.
Greek Communist poet Yannis Ritsos, incarcerated during the Communist–centrist/rightist struggle in the Greek Civil War, writes poems which will ultimately see publication twenty-six years later, in the 1975 book, Petrinos khronos.
George Hill Dillon, editor of the journal Poetry since 1937, relinquishes his post.
First issue of Caribbean Quarterly, the flagship journal on culture edited at the University of the West Indies, spotlights Caribbean poetry.
Works published in English
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
Canada
Raymond Knister, Collected Poems ed. Dorothy Livesay.
James Reaney, The Red Heart. Governor General's Award 1949.
India, in English
Sri Aurobindo, Chitrangada ( Poetry in English ), Bombay: Sri Aurobindo Circle,
New Zealand
Allen Curnow:
The Axe, a verse play with a Pacific setting (Caxton)
At Dead Low Water and Sonnets (Caxton)
Basil Dowling, Canterbury
United Kingdom
Dannie Abse, After Every Green Thing
Edward Andrade, Poems and Songs
Roy Campbell, Collected Poems, Volume 1 (Volume 2 1957, Volume 3 (consisting of translations) 1960)
C. Day-Lewis, Collected Poems, published in March, although the book states "1948" (see also Collected Poems 1954)
William Empson, Collected Poems of William Empson
Roy Fuller, Epitaphs and Occasions
Robert Garioch Sutherland, writing under the name "Robert Garioch", Chuckles on the Cairn
W. S. Graham, The White Threshold
Geoffrey Grigson, editor, Poetry of the Present, anthology
Christopher Hassall, The Slow Night, and Other Poems 1940–8
James Kirkup, editor, Leeds University Poetry, including work by Kirkup, Wilfred Rowland Childe, Derrick Metcalfe, and Kenneth Muir (Hull: Lotus Press)
Louis MacNeice, Collected Poems 1925–48
Edwin Muir, The Labyrinth
Kathleen Raine, The Pythoness, and Other Poems
James Reeves, The Imprisoned Sea
Edith Sitwell, The Canticle of the Rose: Poems 1917–1949
Stephen Spender, The Edge of Being
W. B. Yeats (d. 1939), Poems, "The Definitive Edition", Irish poet published in the United Kingdom
United States
Conrad Aiken:
The Divine Pilgrim
Skylight One
Joseph Payne Brennan, Heart of Earth (Decker Press)
Gwendolyn Brooks, Annie Allen
John Ciardi, Live Another Day
Hilda Doolittle, writing under the pen name "H. D.", By Avon River
Kenneth Fearing, Stranger at Coney Island
Robert Frost, Complete Poems
Langston Hughes, One-Way Ticket
Kenneth Patchen:
Red Wine & Yellow Hair
To Say If You Love Someone
Ezra Pound, Selected Poems
Kenneth Rexroth:
The Signature of All Things
The Art of Worldly Wisdom", Prairie City, Illinois: Decker Press
Louis Simpson, The Arrivistes
Donald A. Stauffer, The Golden Nightingale: Essays on Some Principles of Poetry in the Lyrics of William Butler Yeats, New York: Macmillan, United States criticism
Peter Viereck, The Poet in the Machine Age
William Carlos Williams:
Paterson, Book III
Selected Poems
Other in English
Judith Wright, Woman to Man, Australian
W. B. Yeats (d. 1939), Poems, "The Definitive Edition", Irish poet published in the United Kingdom
Works published in other languages
France
Aimé Césaire, Corps perdu
Paul Éluard, pen name of Paul-Eugène Grindel, ''Une leçon de morale
Eugene Guilleveic, Gagner
Pierre Jean Jouve, Diadème
Henri Michaux, Poesie pour pouvoir, Paris: Drouin
Pierre Reverdy, Main d'oeuvre: 1913–1949
Claude Roy, Le Poète mineur
Jules Supervielle, Oublieuse Mémoire
Tristan Tzara, pen name of Sami Rosenstock, Phases
India
In each section, listed in alphabetical order by first name:
Marathi
C. V. Karandikar, also known as Vinda Karandikar, Svedaganga, India, Marathi-language
Manmohan, Yugayugance Sahapravasi, Indian, Marathi-language (later translated into Hindi under the title Marsal ki Salami)
K. B. Nikumb, Ujjvala, Indian, Marathi-language
Sarachchandra Muktibodh, Navi Malavat Indian, Marathi-language
Shrikrishna Powale, Jala Mati, Indian, Marathi-language
Other languages of the Indian subcontinent
Chittadhar Hridaya, Sugata Saurabha, a Buddhist epic, written in Nepal Bhasa, mostly in prison 1941-46, published in India
Masood Husain, Urdu zaban aur adab, a history, written in Urdu of that language and its literature
Nilakantha Shastri, translator, Sri Rama Carita, translation into Sanskrit of the Tamil-language Kamba Ramayana
Pritam Singh Safir, Rakt Bundam, Indian, Punjabi-language
S. Lalita, translator, Valarmati, translation into Tamil from the Indian poetry in English of Rabindranath Tagore's The Crescent Moon
Sitaramaiah Kuruganti, Navyandhra Sahitya Vidhulu, a four-volume history in Telugu of that language's literature
Umar Alisha, translator, Umar Khayyam, translation into Telugu from the Persian of Omar Khayyam's Rubaiyats
Other languages
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
Alfonso Calderón, Primer Consejo a los Arcangeles del Viento ("First Advice to the Archangels of the Wind"), Spanish-language, Chile
Haim Gouri, Pirhei Esh ("Flowers of Fire, Years of Fire"), Israeli writing in Hebrew
Eric Knudsen, Blomsten og sværdet ("The Flower and the Sword"), Denmark
Alexander Mezhirov, Новые встречи ("New Encounters"), including "Communists, Ahead!", Russia
Máirtín Ó Direáin, Rogha Dánta, Irish poet writing in Irish
Carlos de Oliveira, Descida aos Infernos
Nizar Qabbani, Samba, Syrian poet writing in Arabic
Awards and honors
Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress (later the post would be called "Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress"): Elizabeth Bishop appointed this year.
Pulitzer Prize for poetry: Peter Viereck, Terror and Decorum
Bollingen Prize: Ezra Pound
Canada: Governor General's Award, poetry or drama: The Red Heart, James Reaney
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 2 – Jean Krier (died 2013), Luxembourger poet
January 6 – Carolyn D. Wright (died 2016), writing as C. D. Wright, American poet
January 25 – Tom Paulin, Northern Irish poet and critic of film, music and literature
January 27 – Bruce Weigl, American poet and academic
February – Agha Shahid Ali (died 2001), Indian-born English-language poet
February 6
Victor Hernández Cruz, Puerto Rico-born American poet
Eliot Weinberger, American essayist and principal translator of Octavio Paz into English
March 14 – Lynn Emanuel, American poet
April 1 – Gil Scott-Heron (died 2011), African-American poet, jazz/soul musician and author
April 13 – Marilyn Bowering, Canadian poet and novelist
April 25 – James Fenton, English journalist, poet, critic and academic
May 6 – Olga Broumas, Greek-born English-language poet in the United States
May 13 – Christopher Reid, Hong Kong-born English poet, essayist, cartoonist, writer and exponent of Martian poetry
May 15 – Alice Major, Scottish-born Canadian poet
June 21:
John Agard, playwright, poet and children's writer from Guyana, who moves to England in 1977
Jane Urquhart, Canadian poet and author
July 1 – Denis Johnson (died 2017), American writer
July 5 – Pier Giorgio di Cicco (died 2019), Italian-Canadian poet
July 24 – David St. John, American poet and academic
July 31 – Mark O'Brien (died 1999), American poet
August 1 – Jim Carroll (died 2009), American poet, author and punk musician
August 2 – Bei Dao (北島, literally "Northern Island"), pseudonym of Zhao Zhenkai, Chinese poet, the most notable representative of the Misty Poets, a group of Chinese poets who react against the restrictions of the Cultural Revolution
August 6 – Mary di Michele, Italian-born Canadian poet and writer
August 14 – Jaroslav Erik Frič (died 2019), Czech poet, musician, publisher and underground culture figure
September 11 – David Bottoms, American poet
September 29 – Gabriel Rosenstock, Irish poet.
November 21 – Liam Rector (died 2007), American poet, essayist and academic
December 9 – Eileen Myles, American poet
Also:
Cathy Smith Bowers, American poet and teacher, North Carolina Poet Laureate, 2010–2012
Barbara Ras, American poet
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
March 2 – Sarojini Naidu (born 1879), Indian writing Indian poetry in English and political activist
April 28 – Chairil Anwar (born 1922), Indonesian poet
May 5 – Hideo Nagata 長田秀雄 (born 1885), Shōwa period Japanese poet, playwright and screenwriter (surname: Nagata)
May 6 – Maurice Maeterlinck, Belgian poet, playwright and Nobel Laureate
June 15 – Ulloor S. Parameswara Iyer, also known simply as "Ulloor" (born 1877), Indian, Malayalam-language poet, scholar and government official who published a five-volume history of Malayalam literature
July 18 – Alice Corbin Henderson (born 1881), American poet
July 25 – Lilian Bowes Lyon (born 1895), English poet
September 9 – Fredegond Shove (born 1889), English poet
December 28 – Hervey Allen (born 1889), American novelist and poet
Joseph Lee (born 1876), Scottish war poet, artist and journalist
See also
Poetry
List of poetry awards
List of years in poetry
Notes
20th-century poetry
Poetry
, also known as Kyōun, was a following Taihō and preceding Wadō. The period spanned the years from May 704 through January 708. The reigning emperors were and .
Change of era
704 : The new era name was created to mark an event or series of events. The previous era ended and the new one commenced in Taihō 4, on the 7th day of the 5th month of 704.
Events of the Keiun era
697 (Keiun 4): Emperor Monmu dies, but his son and heir was deemed too young to receive the succession (senso). Instead, the mother of the heir formally accedes to the throne (sokui) as Empress Gemmei until her son would grow mature enough to accept senso and sokui.
18 July 707 (Keiun 4, 15th day of the 6th month): Genmei is enthroned at the age of 48.
707 (Keiun 4): Deposits of copper was reported to have been found in Musashi Province in the region which includes modern day Tokyo.
708 (Keiun 5):, The era name was about to be changed to mark the accession of Empress Genmei; but the choice of Wadō as the new nengō for this new reign became a way to mark the welcome discovery of copper in the Chichibu District of what is now Saitama Prefecture. The Japanese word for copper is dō (銅); and since this was indigenous copper, the "wa" (the ancient Chinese term for Japan) could be combined with the "dō" (copper) to create a new composite term—"wadō"—meaning "Japanese copper."
Notes
References
Brown, Delmer M. and Ichirō Ishida, eds. (1979). Gukanshō: The Future and the Past. Berkeley: University of California Press. ; OCLC 251325323
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Ōdai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. OCLC 5850691
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki of Kitabatake Chikafusa. New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 6042764
External links
National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" -- historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection
Japanese eras
8th century in Japan
704 beginnings
708 endings
Sir Thomas Wagstaffe Haycraft (5 October 1858 – 16 July 1936) was an English barrister of the British Colonial Service. Haycraft served as Chief Justice of Grenada from 1916 to 1921 and Chief Justice of Palestine from 1921 to 1927. In the latter role, he headed the Haycraft Commission of Inquiry which looked into the causes of the Jaffa Riots.
Life and career
Haycraft was born in Islington, London, the son of actuary John Berry Haycraft (1832–1862) and his wife, Mary Wyatt Candler. John Berry Haycraft was his older brother. He was educated at St. John's College, Oxford, and in 1885 was called to the Bar by the Inner Temple.
He practised on the South Eastern Circuit and served as an arbitrator on the London Chamber of Arbitration and as an examiner of the High Court. In 1899, he was appointed President of the District Court of Larnaca. After 12 years in Cyprus, he was transferred as Police Magistrate to Gibraltar, before being transferred again in 1913 to be a Puisne Judge in Mauritius. In 1916, he was promoted to Chief Justice of Grenada. In 1921, he went to Palestine to serve as the first British Chief Justice of Palestine. He retired in 1927 and died in Surrey in 1936.
In 1891, he married Pauline Richard, daughter of Captain Paul Richard of the French Imperial Guard. They had one son, Brigadier Thomas Wagstaffe Richard Haycraft.
References
1859 births
1936 deaths
People from the London Borough of Islington
British barristers
Chief justices
British Windward Islands judges
Mandatory Palestine judges
Chief justices of Grenada
Knights Bachelor
Alumni of St John's College, Oxford
Members of the Inner Temple
This is a list of Wikipedia articles that are relevant to the topic of nuclear power and nuclear weapons history in the US state of California. The list includes articles about groups that make up the anti-nuclear movement, prominent activists, court cases, a book documenting the state's history, nuclear power stations and the Department of Energy's laboratories in the state.
Abalone Alliance
Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility
Anti-nuclear movement in California
Bodega Bay Nuclear Power Plant
Conservation Fallout: Nuclear Protest at Diablo Canyon
David Brower quit the Sierra Club over Diablo Canyon
Critical Masses: Opposition to Nuclear Power in California, 1958–1978
Diablo Canyon earthquake vulnerability
Diablo Canyon Power Plant
Etcheverry Hall
GE Three
General Atomics
Humboldt Bay Nuclear Power Plant
John Gofman
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Mark 22 nuclear bomb
Mothers for Peace
Pacific Gas and Electric Company
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. v. State Energy Resources Conservation and Development Commission
Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station
San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station
Shoreline Fault
Sodium Reactor Experiment
Southern California Edison
Sundesert Nuclear Power Plant
UGM-27 Polaris
Vallecitos Nuclear Center
California-related lists
Energy in California
Energy-related lists
Environment of California
California nuclear issues
California
California
Nuclear issues in California
Gravy, (born Labon Kenneth Blackburn Leeweltine Buckonon Benjamin in 1955) is a former entertainer, famous throughout the cricket world, for 12 years of voluntary entertaining of the crowd through a variety of antics at the Antigua Recreation Ground in St John's, Antigua.
Performances
For 12 years from 1988, Gravy entertained the crowd with a variety of costumes and performances in (and sometimes above) the crowd at the stadium: "Gravy is a performer. He cross-dresses and dances and writhes and swings from the rafters and puts on a show that you will not ever forget."
His act began by chance: "It started to rain during the presentation ceremony, and the podium was left open. "Something told me, Gravy, this is your time. I went down on the podium, in the rain, and started dancing. Everybody was excited about it. They loved it."" He was unpaid for his activities. When he retired in 2000, he did so while wearing a white wedding dress. Since retirement, he runs a hardware stall in St John's.
Shooting incident
In February 2004, Gravy was shot in the arm. He was driving home at 2am when, in his own words "a car overtook me and rang out four shots at me, and then I felt a burning on my arm". Gravy believes it was a case of mistaken identity, and has stated "I thought they took me for the wrong person. I don't know anybody who could point a finger at me".
References
Living people
Antigua and Barbuda entertainers
1955 births
"So Fine" is the first single from reggae artist Sean Paul's album, Imperial Blaze. The track was premiered on 25 April 2009 on his official website. The official remix features Lomaticc & Sonny Brown in bhangra style.
Music video
The video premiered on 24 June 2009. It was directed by Ray Kay in Miami.
Official versions
"So Fine" (Album Version) – 3:31
"So Fine" Desi Hits Remix (Culture Shock 2) – 4:25
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Sean Paul interview by Pete Lewis, 'Blues & Soul' August 2009
2009 singles
2009 songs
Music videos directed by Ray Kay
Sean Paul songs
Songs written by Sean Paul
"Missin U" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released by RCA Records on August 26, 2016 on for online streaming and for digital download. The record is taken from his eighth studio album, Hard II Love. The song was written by Usher, Robert Calloway, Walter Becker, Donald Fagen, Autoro Whitfield, Faheem Mardre, Andrew Wansel, and Warren Felder, while production was handled by the latter two. The song features a sample of Steely Dan's song "Third World Man" from their 1980 album Gaucho. The song impacted urban contemporary radio as the album's third single on September 13, 2016
Background and release
Following Usher's 2012 album Looking 4 Myself, his next studio album was expected to be released in 2014. "Good Kisser", "She Came to Give It to You" and "I Don't Mind" were released and he also embarked on the UR Experience Tour, yet no album was released. In October 2015, Usher released "Chains", a song about social justice featuring the artists Nas and Bibi Bourelly. The singer released "Crash" on June 10, 2016 available for digital download on iTunes, Amazon, Google Play and online streaming services, Tidal, Apple Music, Spotify, and YouTube. Travis Scott released a remix to the song.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Usher — lead vocals, composer, lyricist
Manny Marroquin — mixing engineer
Warren "Oak" Felder — composer, lyricist
Andrew "Pop" Wansel — composer, lyricist
Charts
Weekly charts
References
Usher (musician) songs
Songs written by Usher (musician)
2016 songs
RCA Records singles
2016 singles
Songs written by Pop Wansel
Songs written by Oak Felder
Songs written by Walter Becker
Songs written by Donald Fagen
Majella Murphy is a Kilkenny born singer–songwriter with critical acclaim.
Born in 1973 she released one album in 2007 "Brave new world", the first album globally to be released on a mobile phone by Sony Ericsson.
Music
She has played at some of Ireland's biggest festivals including Electric Picnic and has appeared on many TV shows including the 2009 edition of The Raw Sessions
Her style is eclectic and includes many influences including Bob Dylan, Irish Trad, Jimmy MacCarthy and Christy Moore. Often likened to Mary Black she has carved out a niche spot on the Irish music scene. She is a regular contributor to the RTE 1 radio show, the Joe Duffy show.
Majella has also been one of the first artists to speak in public of the sexual abuse she endured as a child, taking the perpetrator to court and winning her cases, both criminally and civil in court. She chose to go public to quash the mis-placed shame that is slapped on victims of sexual abuse. She is now working on her second album and first book, which she describes as a thriller, more of the mind than anything else.
She is a recovering alcoholic and anorexic/bulimic and lives to sing and play music, to write and be herself.
It's a weird story, but one that might be worth listening to, if she's willing to tell it.
She appeared on 'The Late Late Show', on 14 January 2011.
Majella has been concentrating on writing stories for the last year. She has just completed a novel called 'The Story So Far' and is in preparation for her next album 'Sublime'. It's a play on words.
On a sporting front, Majella has two All Ireland medals. One for the javelin as a teenager and another gold All Ireland medal for the long puck. She could hit a sliotar (Irish hurling ball) further than any other girl of her age in Ireland. At one stage she played for four Camogie teams at the same time.
References
External links
Website
Irish women singer-songwriters
Living people
1973 births
21st-century Irish women singers
Sankar Paul (born 15 November 2000) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Tripura in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. He made his List A debut on 20 February 2021, for Tripura in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy. He made his first-class debut on 17 February 2022, for Tripura in the 2021–22 Ranji Trophy.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Tripura cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Joseph Charles Madro (March 21, 1913 – September 24, 1994) was an American football coach in the National Football League (NFL) for 25 seasons, primarily with the Los Angeles Chargers. He played offensive guard at Ohio State.
Early life
Joe Madro was born on March 21, 1913 in Cleveland, Ohio. He went to high school at Shaker Heights (OH), and John Adams (OH).
College career
He played offensive guard at Ohio State. He later coached the offensive line.
Coaching career
Cincinnati Bearcats
He was the Cincinnati Bearcats offensive line coach from 1949 to 1954.
Los Angeles Rams
From 1955 to 1957, he was the Los Angeles Rams Offensive Line Coach. He was the defensive line coach in 1958, and the offensive backs coach in 1959.
Los Angeles/San Diego Chargers
In 1960, he went to the Los Angeles Chargers to be with their head coach Sid Gillman. He had been with Gillman since he was in college. He was their offensive line coach for 12 seasons, from 1960 to 1972. He won the 1963 AFL championship with the Chargers.
Houston Oilers
In 1972, he went to the Houston Oilers to become line coach. He was there for 3 seasons.
Oakland Raiders
He did not coach in 1975 or in 1976. In 1977, he became an Assistant Coach for the Oakland Raiders. He was there from 1977 to 1982. He won the Super Bowl in 1980.
Later life
He was Sid Gillman's presenter when he was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1983. He died on September 24, 1994 in Alameda, California. He was 81 at the time of his death.
References
1913 births
1994 deaths
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
American football offensive guards
Claudia may refer to:
People
Ancient Romans
Any woman from the Roman Claudia gens
Claudia (vestal), a Vestal Virgin who protected her father Appius Claudius Pulcher in 143 BC
Claudia Augusta (63–63 AD), infant daughter of Nero by his second wife
Claudia Capitolina, princess of Commagene originally from Roman Egypt
Claudia Marcella, women of the Claudii Marcelli
Claudia Octavia (died 62 AD), first wife of Nero
Claudia Procula, a name traditionally attributed to Pontius Pilate's wife
Claudia Pulchra, a relative of the imperial family, accused of immorality and treason
Claudia Rufina, a woman of British descent who lived in Rome c. 90 AD and was known to the poet Martial
Claudia Quinta, who helped bring the statue of Cybele from Pessinus to Rome
Claudia Tisamenis, sister of Herodes Atticus
Saint Claudia, mentioned in 2 Timothy
Modern people
Claudia (given name)
Media
Television
Claudia (American TV series)
Claudia (telenovela), Mexican TV series
Films
Claudia (1943 film)
Claudia (1959 film), an East German film
Music
Claudia Quintet, an ensemble formed by drummer and composer John Hollenbeck
Claudia Rossi, former drummer of Jack Off Jill known mononymously as Claudia
Other media
Claudia (play), adapted into the aforementioned 1943 film
Claudia and David (radio program), a 1940s radio program, sometimes referred to as simply Claudia
Claudia (magazine), a Polish magazine published by Editora Abril
Other uses
Hurricane Claudia, the name given to various storms
Ethinylestradiol/cyproterone acetate, a birth control pill sometimes sold under the brand name Claudia
Claudia (gens), one of the most prominent patrician houses at Rome
See also
Claudius (disambiguation)
Cláudya (born 1948), Brazilian singer
Cleric is a member of the clergy.
Cleric may also refer to:
Cleric (band), an American avant-garde metal band
Cleric (character class), a character class in fantasy role playing games
Cleric (Dungeons & Dragons), the specific character class from that game
The Clerics, a 2013 Indonesian film
The butterfly genus Amauris (friars and allies)
The Cleric, an alien in the Eradicator (comics)
The Grammaton Clerics, an order of mystic law enforcers in the 2002 film Equilibrium
Clergy, a 2018 Polish comedy-drama film
Gérard Lanthier (born 3 April 1956) is a French former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
International career
Lanthier was an Olympic and military international for France.
Post-playing career
After retiring from football, Lanthier worked as the director of a ready-to-wear store in his native Lyon. He would then go on to coach three different football clubs, Avignon, SC Montfavet, and Arles, before becoming an administrative agent for the town of Avignon.
Honours
Paris Saint-Germain
Coupe de France runner-up: 1984–85
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Footballers from Lyon
French footballers
Association football midfielders
French football managers
Olympique Lyonnais players
AC Avignonnais players
AJ Auxerre players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
Stade Rennais F.C. players
Nîmes Olympique players
US Orléans players
Paris FC players
Lyon La Duchère players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
French Division 3 (1971–1993) players
Deuteronomium is a Christian death metal band formed in 1993, Jyväskylä, Finland, one of Finland's earliest and most influential groups in that genre.
Deuteronomium are together with Immortal Souls the only remaining bands of the first wave of Finnish Christian extreme metal that are currently active. Their first EP Tribal Eagle is, according to Ristillinen magazine, the first Finnish Christian metal CD. Tribal Eagle and debut album Street Corner Queen are also noted as pieces of Christian metal history. Bassist Manu Lehtinen and guitarist/vocalist Miika Partala - also known for the bands Stoner Kings, Icon Clan, No Man's Band and Feiled, established the record label Little Rose Productions that signed bands such as Immortal Souls. During the peak of their career before the band split up for six years in 2001, Deuteronomium became an internationally known group: at one point they headlined foreign festivals such as Seaside festival in Norway with Narnia and Newsboys as support acts. It is also notable that Deuteronomium was previously sponsored by Dr Pepper. Deuteronomium began influencing later bands such as the Ukrainian folk metallers Holy Blood. In June 2006 the band played a comeback concert as the headliner at the biggest non-alcoholic Mid Summer festival in Finland, OHM-Fest. Deuteronomium shot a DVD, Spelled Alive, of the comeback concert. In December 2006 the band officially reformed and soon headlined the biggest Christian metal festival in Finland, Immortal Metal Fest.
In August 2008, the band released its third album titled From the Midst of the Battle, which on August 20, peaked at No. 11 on the Official Finnish Top 40 Album Chart.
Biography
Background
In 1990, brothers Jarno and Manu Lehtinen were invited to play in a band from Kokkola called DBM (Destroyer of Black Metal), which is known to be the very first Christian extreme metal group in Finland. DBM released two demos, Death of a Soul (1990) and Slayer of Evil (1991) before the Lehtinen brothers left the band due to the distance between Laukaa and Kokkola. Aki Särkioja, who would form Immortal Souls with his brother Esa in December 1991, also played in DBM for a short while until the band changed their name to Cathacomb and split up after releasing few demos.
In 1991 Manu Lehtinen had the name and logo ready for Deuteronomium, but it wasn't until 1993 when he formed the band with his brother Jarno. While Deuteronomium means the fifth Book of the Hebrew Bible, Deuteronomy, Manu Lehtinen chose the name because he thought that "it looked cool, is hard to spell, so it was a perfect name for a metal band!" In the beginning their style was more straightforward death metal and grindcore with Vengeance Rising, Mortification, Cannibal Corpse and Carcass as their influences. They were soon joined by guitarists Miika Partala and Tapio Laakso. Miika Partala immediately proved to be a talented guitarist. They played their first gig on December 3, 1993. After that Deuteronomium recorded their first demo tape titled Paths of Righteousness which became popular in certain circles. between 1993 and 1994 Jarno Lehtinen and Tapio Laakso left the band. They were replaced by Kalle Paju (guitar) and Ali Hassinen (drums). After some gigs Deuteronomium lost their rehearsal place. The band went on a hiatus.
New Era
In 1995 Deuteronomium reformed with line-up Manu Lehtinen, Miika Partala, Johnny Pesonen ja Jari Mantour. Miika Partala took on the vocal duties. Deuteronomium soon recorded their second demo titled Crosshope. They attended a local bandcontest held in rock club Lutakko, Jyväskylä and played a few gigs at the Jyväskylä area.
In 1996 Deuteronomium entered the studio Watercastle, where they would record most of their catalogue, and recorded their first EP titled Tribal Eagle. On this EP their style began to take the direction they later dubbed as death and roll. Basically Tribal Eagle combines melodic and old school death metal with some punk rock and black metal influences. "Thinking" is the only Deuteronomium song that incorporates traditional death grunt vocalization. Tribal Eagle was published as a self-financed release. The EP was well received and gained enthusiasm outside Finland. Tribal Eagle is the first Finnish Christian metal CD. Janne-Jussi Kontoniemi replaced Johnny Pesonen as a drummer after the release.
Little Rose Productions
In 1998 Manu Lehtinen and Miika Partala formed a company called Little Rose Productions. Their intention was to give diversity to the Finnish Christian music culture by importing Christian metal CDs to Finland and sell them. Little Rose was also a record label that signed Christian metal bands. Four bands were on their roster: Deuteronomium, Immortal Souls, Lament and Mordecai. Some of the notable releases were Immortal Souls / Mordecai split-CD Divine Wintertime / Through the Woods, Towards the Dawn Immortal Soul's debut album Under the Northern Sky, the compilation albums From Kaamos to Mid night Sun and The Metal Rose Collection.
Later in 1998, Deuteronomium recorded their first studio album titled Street Corner Queen under their label. With this release they wanted to be pioneering and experimented with black metal and different styles such as reggae, funk metal, rap and others seldom heard in extreme metal. They also tried writing as artistic lyrics as possible without hiding the message, using everything from bonsai trees to ravens as metaphors about social issues. The album was distributed through label's catalogue and almost worldwide in Christian bookstores. Street Corner Queen was released on May 20, 1998. The release gig was held in the rock club Lutakko with Hallowed as the support act.
In 1999 Deuteronomium entered the studio again and recorded new material. They first released a single called To Die and Gain. During that period they also changed their old extreme metal logo to a more simplified version. All of a sudden the band received a phone call from club Lutakko inquiring whether Deuteronomium could open for the rock metal band Sentenced – a well-known Finnish group – on February 6. It was Deuteronomium's biggest gig at that point of their career. According to Deuteronomium, they were well received by the audience who had come to see Sentenced although many were surprised that Deuternomium is a Christian band when the band told about their faith. The members of Sentenced were divided in two when they heard who their support act was. Others didn't even greet them while others came to talk to Deuteronomium members during the pauses.
Their second album titled Here to Stay, released in mid-1999, saw a change in style for the band, as they transitioned from melodic death metal to a more groove-oriented sound they self-styled as "death n' roll", and maintained a more consistent sound. Often compared to later Entombed, Gorefest, Heartwork-era Carcass or 1990s material of Napalm Death, Here to Stay is a mix between melodic death metal and punk rock with a more laid-back lyrical style. Here to Stay was received somewhat better than Street Corner Queen.
Constantly playing live shows and releasing their second album, Deuteronomium became well known in Finnish metal scene as there were bizarre rumours about them. One example being: "Deuteronomium played a gig at metal bar Valhalla in Kuopio, and after the concert a member of a Finnish black metal band Barathrum stabbed their drummer with a knife." In reality, some members had been to that bar but Deuteronomium never performed there.
Foreign Concerts
In 1999 Deuteronomum had become well-known enough to play foreign concerts. Deuteronomium played their first gig outside Finland on June 27, 1999 Gouda, the Netherlands at a youth church. Three days later they played at club Nighttown in Rotterdam as they opened for the Australian extreme power trio Mortification who were on their Hammer of God tour. Through Little Rose Productions, Manu Lehtinen arranged Mortification to Finland, where they played four days later at the club Tullikamarin Pakkahuone, Tampere, again with Deuteronomium as the support act.
On March 25, 2000 Deuteronomium played at Bobfest in Klubben, Sweden with some of the best known names in Christian metal: Antestor, Crimson Moonlight, Veni Domine and Sanctifica. June 30 the band returned to Rotterdam where they played at Baroeg - a famous underground metal club. Deuteronomium was the first Christian band to play there. Next day Deuteronomium travelled to Norway where they headlined Seaside festival with Narnia, Silver and Newsboys as support acts. At that point Deuteronomium had become one of the best known Christian extreme metal bands in Europe.
Splitting up
In 2000 Miika Partala announced that he was going to leave the band as did Janne-Jussi Kontoniemi. They decided to play the remaining gigs in Deuteronomium. During June 2000 they played three gigs in Germany. June 20 they played at Heavy und Biker club, Oelsnitz/Erzebirgen with death metal band Sacrificium. The black metal fans that showed up weren't pleased when they found out Deuteronomium is a Christian band. June 30 they played at club Che in Stuttgart with Sacrificium and Acoustic Torment. The third and last gig was played at the countryside of Gotha, Freakstock festival with speed/power metal band Seventh Avenue. That gig marked the end of Deuteronomium's active era.
It is notable than in 2000, Markus "Black Raven" Vainionpää won The Annual Air Guitar World Championship contest by performing Deuteronomium's song "Crosshope" - from the Tribal Eagle EP.
Deuteronomium officially split up in 2001. They released Street Corner Queen and Tribal Eagle as a digipak edition with One Bad Pig cover song of "Red River" as a bonus track. After that Manu Lehtinen Sold his Little Rose record selling business rights to Lasse Niskala and Päivi Niemi who would form Maanalainen Levykauppa - The Underground Record Store. During the years the band members went to seraparate ways. Manu Lehtinen formed a melancholic rock band called Vaskikäärme (Finnish word for Anguis fragilis) in which he sings and plays guitar. Miika Partala played in No Man's Band, Icon Clan, Stoner Kings (with ex-Hallowed vocalist and wrestling professional Michael "Starbuck" Majalahti) and Feiled.
Comeback
In 2006 a Finnish Mid Summer event, OHM-Fest, announced Deuteronomium as their headliner claiming that the band would play a one-off show. Deuteronomium played an almost two-hour set of songs with a filming team on spot. Deuteronomium stated that they would release a DVD of the gig sometime in 2007. Maanalainen Levykauppa reissued Street Corner Queen in that concert.
December 24 they announced a comeback on their website. May 19 they headlined Immortal Metal Fest with Sacrificium as the support act.
In March 2008, Deuteronomium announced that they are recording a new album for the first time since 1999's Here to Stay -album. The new album will be titled From the Midst of the Battle, and it will be released by Bulroser Records in March 2008. The album will be released in a special book cover digipak edition that will include the CD as well as a full live concert from their performance at the True Attitude event, Heinola, Finland, a studio diary, and a concert travel documentary of their performance at Elements of Rock, Switzerland. The album will feature such special guests as Christian Palin (Random Eyes), Oula Siipola (Lumina Polaris), Kristiina Holländer, Mikko Härkin (ex-Sonata Arctica, Mehida) and Claudio Enzler (Sacrificium). The last song of the album is a 10+ minute epic featuring such special instruments as kantele.
On August 20, 2008, From the Midst of the Battle peaked at number 11 on the Finnish Top 40 Charts. The album received positive reception. After the release, they performed at the Dutch Flevo Festival and had a 12 show tour in seven European countries with Immortal Souls. In April 2009 the band released a vinyl-EP titled Retaliatory Strike, featuring leftover songs from the previous recording session as well as the title cover song by the Christian thrash metal band Betrayal. Deuteronomium played at the Finnish summer metal festivals Sauna Open Air, Tampere, and DBTL, Turku. Later in 2009, for the first time in their career, Deuteronomium played outside Europe, a 9-show tour in Mexico.
In February 2011, the band announced that their next album will be titled Deathbed Poetry – Hope Against Hope. A concept album, Manu stated that it is based on a book by the English poet and priest John Donne (1572–1631) called Devotions upon Emergent Occasions.
Band members
Current
Manu Lehtinen – bass (1993–2001, 2006–present)
Miika Partala – guitar, Lead Vocals (1993–2001, 2006–present)
Kalle Paju – guitar (1994, 1997–2001, 2006–present)
J.J. Kontoniemi – drums (1997–2001, 2006–present)
Former
Jarno Lehtinen – drums (1993–1997)
Tapio Laakso – guitar (1993–1994)
Johnny Pesonen – drums (1997)
Jari Mantour – guitar (1996)
Timeline
Discography
Paths of Righteousness demo (1993)
Crosshope demo (1995)
Tribal Eagle EP (1997)
Street Corner Queen (1998)
Here to Stay (1999)
From the Midst of the Battle (2008)
Retaliatory Strike EP (2009)
Deathbed Poetry – Hope Against Hope (2011)
The Amen (2013)
Videography
Spelled Alive (2007)
References
External links
Official Website
Finnish heavy metal musical groups
Finnish musical groups
Finnish death metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1993
Finnish Christian metal musical groups
1993 establishments in Finland
Jorien Voorhuis (born 26 August 1984, in Hengelo) is a Dutch speedskater. Until season 2009/2012 she skated with the VPZ-team. Before season 2010/2011 Voorhuis changed to TVM. Her favorite distances are 1500 and 3000 meters.
Skating career
Early career
Her international breakthrough happened when she reached the 7th place at the Junior World Championships speedskating 2003 at Kushiro (Japan). She got a 2nd place on the 1500 meters. A year later she became 8th at the Junior World championships speedskating 2004. In 2005, she won 3 medals, including a golden medal on the 5000 meters at the Winteruniversiade. At the Dutch championships allround 2006 in Utrecht she won the bronze medal.
Season 2007/08
For the first runs at the World Cup she only qualified for the 5000 meters. During the Dutch championships sprint 2008 in Thialf (Heerenveen) she won the bronze medal on the 1000 meters. In the final placing she was 6th. Even though this was not enough for a spot in the World Championships sprint, it did get her a ticket to the World Cup for the 1000 meters.
During the Worldcup in Baselga, Voorhuis was the only Dutch competitor and came in 4th on the 1500 meters.
At the World Cup final in Thialf (Heerenveen), she qualified for the World Championships long distances 2008 in Nagano. She came in 11th at the 1500 meters there.
Season 2008/09
Voorhuis was 6th at the Dutch championships long distances 2009 on the 3000 meters, which wasn't enough to qualify for the World Cups. But right before the first Worldcup match in Berlin, Lisette van der Geest broke her collarbone, which caused Jorien Voorhuis to take her place. In the meantime, she rose to the 35th place in the Adelskalendern.
In the Dutch championships allround 2009 she was 4th at the final placing after disqualification of Renate Groenewold. But because Groenewold had a ticket for the European championships, Voorhuis was selected as a reserve for this championship. At January 21, 2009 Voorhuis qualified for the World Championships allround 2009 in Hamar, by a skate-off, along with her teammate Tom Prinsen. She was the 2nd Dutch skater in a 5th place.
Season 2009/10
Voorhuis participated on the 1500 (15th) and 3000 meters (10th) at the Dutch championships long distances 2010. At the Dutch championships allround 2010 she came in 2nd, which led to her 7th place at the European championships allround 2010. In February she entered in the 5000 meters at the Olympics and came in 10th. She also took part in the team pursuit.
Season 2010/11
At the Dutch championships long distances 2010 Voorhuis skated 3 distances. On the 3000 meters she was 6th, at the 1500 meters she was 5th. But she didn't qualify for the World Cup 2010/2011 because of the protection over Margot Boer. At the 5000 meters it looked like she was going to win, but she was disqualified for crossing the line at the straight side. The KNSB selected her for the World Cup anyway. She also got to skate the 3000 meters, because Marrit Leenstra canceled.
Personal records
Source: SpeedskatingResults.com
Tournament summary
Source: www.sskating.com
References
External links
Official website Jorien Voorhuis
Voorhuis at KNSB.nl
Jorien Voorhuis at SpeedSkatingStats.com
Jorien Voorhuis' results at SchaatsStatistieken.nl (Dutch)
PR's of Voorhuis at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
1984 births
Living people
Dutch female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of the Netherlands
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Sportspeople from Hengelo
World Single Distances Speed Skating Championships medalists
Universiade bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Competitors at the 2005 Winter Universiade
21st-century Dutch women
20th-century Dutch women
The F-shape barrier is a concrete crash barrier, originally designed to divide lanes of traffic on a highway. It is a modification of the widely used Jersey barrier design, and is generally considered safer.
A parametric study, one that systematically varies the parameters, was done through computer simulations of barrier profiles labeled A through F. The result showed that the one labeled F performed better than even the shape of the Jersey barrier. A series of full-scale crash tests later confirmed these computer-based results. What is known today as the F-shape barrier takes its name from these tests and not from any part of the shape of the barrier, unlike, for example, T-walls.
In spite of these tests, the F-shape barrier has not supplanted the Jersey-shape. The Jersey-shape barrier was already in wide use, and it also met the crash-test criteria. The states' contractors already had a significant investment in the Jersey-shape casting forms and it would cost them money to change the profiles of the forms.
The F-shape and the Jersey-shape have the same slopes, but the distance from the ground to the slope break point of the F-shape is , which is lower than the Jersey-shape. This lower slope break point reduces vehicle lift, improving the barrier's performance.
Because the Jersey-shape design requires very little modification to become an F-shape design, asphalt resurfacing can convert the Jersey-shape barrier into a more F-shape-like barrier that is safer for lighter cars. However, these increased layers of asphalt also reduce the working height of the barrier which reduces its effectiveness for heavier vehicles.
The UK equivalent is the concrete step barrier.
See also
Jersey barrier
Constant-slope barrier
References
Protective barriers
Road safety
The dusky white-eye (Zosterops finschii) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Palau.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Zosteropidae
Birds of Palau
Endemic fauna of Palau
Near threatened animals
Near threatened biota of Oceania
Birds described in 1868
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2013 Southeast Asian Games (), officially known as the 27th Southeast Asian Games, or the 27th SEA Games, and commonly known as Naypyitaw 2013, was a Southeast Asian multi-sport event took place in Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar from 11 to 22 December 2013, Around 4730 athletes from 11 participating nations competed at the games, which featured 460 events in 34 sports. The games were held from 11 to 22 December 2013.
It was the third time for Myanmar in hosting the Southeast Asian Games. The country hosted the Games in 1961 and 1969 respectively in Yangon, then capital of the country. Singapore withdrew its hosting rights due to expected delays in the completion of its new national stadium, it eventually hosted in 2015. Nay Pyi Taw became the second city in Myanmar to host the Southeast Asian Games. The games were opened and closed by Nyan Tun, the Vice-president of Myanmar at the Wunna Theikdi Stadium.
The final medal tally was led by Thailand, followed by host Myanmar and Vietnam. Several Games and national records were broken during the games. Though there were several controversies, including the inclusion of the traditional Burmese game of chinlone as a competitive sport, the Games were generally deemed successful with the rising standard of competition amongst the Southeast Asian nations.
Organisation
Host city
Myanmar, Vietnam, Philippines and Thailand revealed their intentions to host the 2013 edition. However, since the latter three nations hosted the 2003, 2005 and 2007 editions, respectively, these countries were less favored to host this edition.
Myanmar held the longest interval between hosting the games, spanning a time of 44 years. The Southeast Asian Games Federation (SEAGF) Council met in Jakarta on 31 May 2010 unanimously agreed to award the Myanmar Olympic Committee the right to host the 27th edition of the games. The official website of the Olympic Council of Asia also approved the fact that Myanmar would host the 27th Southeast Asian Games in its news launched on 7 June 2010. ASEAN Football Federation (AFF)'s official website also announced that Myanmar would host the games.
Development and preparation
The Myanmar SEA Games Organising Committee (MYASOC) was formed to oversee the staging of the event.
Venues
Nay Pyi Taw
Wunna Theikdi Sports Complex
Main Stadium (Opening and Closing Ceremony, Athletics)
Indoor Stadium (Badminton, Chinlone, Karate, Sepak takraw, Wushu, Taekwondo, Table tennis)
Futsal Indoor Stadium (Futsal)
Boxing Indoor Stadium (Boxing, Muay)
Billiard & Snooker Indoor Stadium (Billiards and snooker)
Aquatic Centre (Diving, Swimming)
Equestrian Field (Equestrian)
Games village (Petanque)
Archery field (Archery)
Zayarthiri Sports Complex
Main Stadium (Football (men))
Indoor Stadium (Volleyball, Judo, Vovinam, Pencak Silat, Basketball)
Swimming Pool (Water Polo)
Other venues
Mount Pleasant (Cycling BMX, cross-country, downhill)
Ngalaik Dam (Canoeing, Rowing, Traditional Boat Race)
Road of Leway, Pyinmana, Tatkon (Cycling – Road)
Royal Myanmar Golf Course (Golf)
Zabuthiri Hotel (Chess)
Yangon
Thuwunna Stadium (Football (men))
Thuwunna Indoor Stadium (Wrestling, Kenpō)
Thein Phyu Stadium (Weightlifting)
Hockey Field (Field Hockey)
North Dagon Shooting Range (Shooting)
Myanmar Convention Center (Bodybuilding)
Mandalay
Mandalarthiri Stadium (Football (women))
Ngwesaung
Ngwesaung Beach (Sailing)
Public transport
As Naypyidaw was yet to be fully developed into a city, only shuttle bus services were provided throughout the games and were used to ferry athletes and officials to and from the airport, games venues and games village. The co-host cities of the games, Yangon, Mandalay and Ngwesaung also provided the same services during the games.
Countdown
The official countdown to the games' opening ceremony began a year prior on 11 December 2012. The countdown clocks were located in Nay Pyi Taw and other cities in Myanmar that co-hosted the games.
Torch relay
The torch relay of the games began at Yangon's Thuwunna Indoor Stadium and ended in Nay Pyi Taw during the opening ceremony, covering a distance of 320 kilometres.
Marketing
Logo
The logo of the 2013 Southeast Asian Games is an image of the map of Myanmar. The Southeast Asian Games Federation logo at the tip of the logo, has eleven rings which resembling the 11 Southeast Asian countries and the Southeast Asian Games Federation. Yellow, green and red, the national colours on Myanmar's National Flag, represents Myanmar as the games' host nation. The yellow circle represents equality and fraternity, green color represents love of nature and the green economy, while the red color represents courage and hardworking nature of Myanmar. The circular shape represents complete perfection and endless prosperity among the Southeast Asian countries.
Mascot
The official mascot of the 2013 Southeast Asian Games is a couple of owls named Shwe Yoe and Ma Moe. The owls are considered lucky charms in Burmese tradition. The owl is globally taken to be the wisest, calmest and balanced animal. But, in Myanmar, it is also taken to be auspicious and believed to bring forth luck and prosperity to the family, for which the owl dolls are kept at their homes as lucky charms. The owl as the official mascot of Myanmar SEA Games 2013 has a personality: wise, calm, lucky, loyal, and friendly. The personality of an owl was intended to bring forth co-operation, friendship, and better understanding among the participating countries. The mascots are named after a famous Burmese dance, U Shwe Yoe and Daw Moe.
Songs
Several songs, including the theme of the games "Colourful Garden", were written by Lin Htet for the 2013 Southeast Asian Games.
The games
Opening ceremony
The opening ceremony was held on 11 December 2013 at the Wunna Theikdi Stadium. It marked the nation's biggest sporting event since 1969. It was led with pre-launch entertainment and a series of screens beamed a dramatic lights show during the Chinese-backed extravaganza.
The ceremony began with fireworks displays at the stadium. The theme song "Colourful Garden" was performed during the flag-raising ceremony after performances made by 12,000 school children and the Myanmar Royal Auspicious Orchestra. Chairman of the 27th SEA Games Organising Committee, Vice-President Nyan Tun opened the Games with another explosion of colourful fireworks. The Games' torch was relayed by six former Burmese athletes before Aye Myint Kyu, the Union Minister for Culture, handed it to a Burmese archer where he lit up the Games cauldron by shooting an arrow into it.
A showcase of arts and culture about Burmese history was made, with dance performances accompanied the ending of the ceremony.
Closing ceremony
The closing ceremony was held at Wunna Theikdi Stadium on 22 December 2013. It was started with an hour of music following the performance of "Colorful Garden", the theme song for the Games and subsequently, "Loyalty of Blood" was later presented by well-known artists May Sweet and Maykhala. The musical hors d'oeuvres concluded with all artists joining together in "Be Peaceful". President Thein Sein and his wife Khin Khin Win then entered the stadium, following which the Closing Ceremony was officially opened with pyrotechnic displays.
Four performances were presented with the first directly connected the SEA Games to Burmese tradition, celebrating the sport of chinlone, which is believed to have first appeared in Myanmar in the 5th century. It then followed with the "Elephant Dance" which about paying tribute to the elephants in Myanmar.
The Closing Ceremony then paid homage to the 135 officially recognised ethnic races diversity of the country with the performance of "Everlasting Myanmar", depicting the rich diversity of the population, and simultaneously the many obstacles on the path to realising a new, peaceful and prosperous modern state.
Medal winners of every participating countries were then paraded onto the stadium floor to the beat of martial music – chants of "Myanmar" ringing through the stadium.
With the procession complete, VP Nyan Tun officially announced the 27th SEA Games concluded, as strobe lights searched the sky and a cornucopia of fireworks exploded over the stadium.
After Myanmar handed over the SEA Games responsibilities to Singapore, host of the 2015 Southeast Asian Games, the Games ended with one last round of fireworks and round of musical performances.
Participating nations
(host)
Sports
Myanmar hosted 34 sports, fewer than the number of sport in 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Indonesia. Organisers did not nominate the sports of beach volleyball and dance sports, because they considered those uniforms unsuitable for Burmese women. Tennis and Gymnastics, two Olympic sports, were not played in December. In this edition of the Games, floorball was also contested as a demonstration sport. The following sports below were calendared for the 2013 Southeast Asian Games.
¹
ʰ
¹
³
¹
²
ʰ
²
²
¹
Indoor
²
¹
¹ – not an official Olympic Sport.
² – sport played only in the SEAG.
³ – not a traditional Olympic nor SEAG Sport and introduced only by the host country.
° – a former official Olympic Sport, not applied in previous host countries and was introduced only by the host country.
ʰ- sport not played in the previous edition and was reintroduced by the host country.
Calendar
Medal table
Timor Leste competed for the 6th time at the games and got their best finish as of 2022.
A total of 1531 medals, comprising 461 Gold medals, 459 Silver medals and 611 Bronze medals were awarded to athletes. The host Myanmar performance was their best to date and placed second overall amongst participating nations.
For the convenience of the statistics, this is the official medal table of the 2013 SEA Games, not including the subsequent medal changes due to banned drugs and any other reason. Medals will be awarded to the athletes but the results in the table are considered official and unchanged.
Medal change
In September 2014, Myanmar gold medalists Saw Marla Nwe (athletics) and Min Zaw Oo (bodybuilding), along with Indonesian gold and silver medalist Indra Gunawan (swimming), tested positive for a banned drug and were stripped of their medals.
Broadcasting
International Broadcast Center was constructed in Maniyadana Jade Hall in Naypyidaw.
Key
Host nation (Myanmar)
Concerns and controversies
Event cut down
Myanmar SEA Games Organizing Committee's decision to include Burmese traditional sports Chinlone and Sittuyin, and to exclude Olympic disciplines sports like gymnastics and tennis were not received well. The Philippines decided to send 208 athletes only, which its smallest delegation in 14 years.
Football hooliganism
Following the shocking defeat of Myanmar football team to Indonesia in the group match that causing them failed to qualify the semi-finals, Myanmar hooligan supporters tore up seats, hurled stones at officers as well burning Southeast Asian Games memorabilia and other billboards.
Controversial decision
The 100m freestyle swimming event for women which was held on 12 December was restarted after Thailand protested and appealed for a re-swim. Thailand claimed that its swimmer participating in the sporting event stopped in the middle of the event after hearing the second horn which signalled a false start. The other swimmers did not stop and the race was not interrupted. Pinky Brosas, national head coach of the Philippine national swimming team criticised the organisers for not interrupting the race and noted that the officials did not put down the 50m flag.
In the kata team event for women, the Vietnamese team protested the decision of the jurors, which gave the gold medal to the host team Myanmar. Subsequently, the juror committee had to have a meeting and admitted their mistakes. They released an apology to Vietnamese women kata team for their faults but the decision of juror could not be changed.
In the Pencak Silat Men's 55–60 kg, the committee did not give the gold medal that had to be given to Indonesia after Mohammad Adhan won the final against Ye Kyaw Thu from Myanmar because Myanmar protested the decision of the jurors decision, and even their protest being rejected by the jurors, the committee still keep the medal and instead of cancelling all of Men's 55–60 kg Tarung event result.
In the football event for women, the coach of Myanmar women's national football team vowed to make an official complaint over the alleged lack of expertise of the Indian referee during the team's SEA Games defeat on penalties to Thailand. Burmese fans were outraged by decisions that disallowed a Burma goal for offside but allowed a contentious goal by Thailand to stand.
In the Judo event, Indonesian Judo team refused one silver and two bronze medals awarded to them as a protest of alleged referee unfairness against host athlete. According to Indonesian Judo team coach, the referee should stop the match when the host athlete locked Indonesian athlete shoulder in illegal foul moves, but the referee decided to overlook it and continue the match resulting in the defeat and injury of Indonesian athlete.
In 20 km walk event for women, Nguyen Thi Thanh Phuc, the defending champion and the Asian silver medallist, failed to defend her title as the host athlete Saw Marla Nwe walked much of the distance as if she was running, especially the last few metres to the finish. None of the judges warned her, while Viet Nam's complaint was ignored. Phuc cried when receiving the silver medal. Yet, in April 2014, the ASEAN Sports Federation announced the results of SEA Games' doping cases, including of Saw Marla Nwe. Nwe tested positive for a banned drug and her result would be cancelled. Phuc, the silver medallist, received the gold medal.
See also
2014 ASEAN Para Games
References
External links
27th SEA Games Community Site
World Muay Thai Federation on 27th SEA Games
Results of events
Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games
Multi-sport events in Myanmar
International sports competitions hosted by Myanmar
21st century in Naypyidaw
December 2013 sports events in Asia
Bissikrima is a town and sub-prefecture in the Faranah Region of Guinea in Dabola prefecture. As of 2014 it had a population of 28,840 people.
Bissikrima is located at the geographical centre of Guinea on the Tinkisso River, one of the tributaries of the Niger on which there is a hydro-electric dam supplying the towns of Faranah, Dabola and Dinguiraye. Bissikrima is the only sub-prefecture in Dabola which enjoys a supply of electric power. As a result, it is one of the top five sub-prefectures in Guinea. For some time, Bissikrima has been an important railway station on the line connecting Conakry and Kankan, the two largest towns in Guinea. It is also a major road hub on the RN1 and the RN30, the road north to Dinguiraye. The Fula, Mandinka and Susu peoples have cohabited peacefully in Bissikrima for an extended period. Bissikrima is said to be a miniature version of Guinea.
References
Sub-prefectures of the Faranah Region
Eau de toilette (, meaning "grooming water") is a lightly scented perfume. It is also referred to as aromatic waters and has a high alcohol content. It is usually applied directly to the skin after bathing or shaving. It is traditionally composed of alcohol and various volatile oils. Traditionally these products were named after a principal ingredient; some being geranium water, lavender water, lilac water, violet water, spirit of myrcia and 'eau de Bretfeld'. Because of this, eau de toilette was sometimes referred to as "toilet water".
In modern perfumery, eau de toilette has less concentrated fragrance than perfume (eau de parfum) and more than cologne (eau de Cologne).
Types
Eau de toilette is a weaker concentration of fragrance than perfume. The concentration of aromatic ingredients is typically as follows (ascending concentration):
Splash and after shave: 1–3% aromatic compounds
Eau de Cologne (EdC): Citrus type perfumes with about 2–6% perfume concentrate aromatic compounds
Eau de toilette (EdT): 5–15% (typical ~10%) aromatic compounds
Eau de parfum (EdP), parfum de toilette (PdT): 10–20% (typical ~15%) aromatic compounds. Sometimes listed as "eau de perfume" or "millésime".
Perfume extract: 15–40% (IFRA: typical 20%) aromatic compounds
Perfume oils are often diluted with a solvent, though this is not always the case, and its necessity is disputed. By far the most common solvent for perfume oil dilution is ethanol or a mixture of ethanol and water. Perfume has a mixture of about 10–20% perfume oils mixed with alcohol (acting as a diffusing agent delivering the fragrant odor) and a trace of water. Colognes have about 3–5% perfume oil mixed with 80–90% alcohol with about 5 to 15 percent water in the mix. Originally, eau de cologne was a mixture of citrus oils from such fruits as lemons, oranges, tangerines, limes, and grapefruits. These were combined with such substances as lavender and neroli (orange-flower oil). Toilet water has the least amount of perfume oil mixture among the three main liquid "perfumery" categories. It has only about 2 to 8 percent of some type of perfume oil and 60–80% alcohol dispersent with water making up the difference. Toilet waters are a less concentrated form of these above types of alcohol-based perfumes. Traditionally cologne is usually made of citrus oils and fragrances, while toilet waters are not limited to this specification.
History
Hungarian Eau de toilette, an alcohol based perfume that is the predecessor of eau de cologne, was first produced in the fourteenth century, supposedly by a Hungarian man for Queen Elisabeth of Hungary. This toilet water was called "eau de la reine de hongrie" or Hungary Water, and contained the herb rosemary , which allowed the scent to evaporate slowly on the skin. However, some early scientists, including Johann Beckmann, doubt that it was created for the Queen of Hungary.
The King of France Louis XIV (1638–1715) used a concoction of scents called "heavenly water" to perfume his shirts; It consisted of aloewood, musk, orange flower, rose water and other spices.
Some Eau de toilette were once considered restorative skin toners with medical benefits. The journal Medical Record reported in 1905 that a toilet water spray restores energies lost in business, social, and domestic situations. During the fourteenth through sixteenth centuries a type of toilet water called "plague waters" was supposed to drive away the bubonic plague.
Varieties
Carmelite Water – water of lemon balm, orange flower, angelica root, and spices prepared for Charles V of France, first made in 1379 by the nuns of a Carmelite abbey.
Carnation Toilet Water – extract of Jasmine 2.5 pints, extract of Orange Flower 2.5 pints, extract of Rose 5 pints, tincture of Vanilla 20 ounces, Oil of Pink (synthetic) 2 ounces.
Creole Toilet Water – to 6.75 ounces of orris root cut in small pieces put 1.5 pint of French brandy. Allow this mix to stand for 2 weeks, stirring frequently. Then filter the mix and add 3 pints of French brandy and 3 drops of oil of orange blossoms. Add 0.75 fluid ounce of oil of geranium. Distill and add a little coumarin essence.
Eau de lavand ambre – a favorite with Spanish women who use it in their hair as well as on the skin after bathing.
Florida Water – based on the nineteenth-century formula for a commercially prepared toilet water that mixes floral essential oils.
Geranium Toilet Water – oil of rose geranium, 2 ounces; tincture of orris root, 2 ounces; tincture of musk, 1 drop; rose water, 8 ounces: alcohol, 4 pints.
Heliotrope Toilet Water – heliotropine, 2 drops; rose oil, 15 minims; bergamot oil, a half drop; neroli oil, 5 minims; alcohol, 10 ounces; water, 6 ounces.
Honey water – an old-time English toilet water. The British Pharmaceutical Codex gives the formula.
Jasmine toilet water – made with spirits of cologne, jasmine, and alcohol.
Kananga Water – is a "holy water" used for purification in revival ceremonies.
Lavender water – a formula called "upper Ten" consists of 1 fluid ounce of oil of lavender, 8 fluid ounces of deodorized alcohol, 3 fluid ounces of rose water, and 80 grains of carbonate of magnesia.
Nosegay – distilled honey water with cloves, lavender and neroli.
Oriental Toilet Water – an extensive list of ingredients is given in the Useful and Practical Notes section of National Druggist.
Rose water toilet water – extract of rose 1 pint, of tuberose 1 pint, of cassia 1 pint, of jasmine 4 ounces, tincture of civet 3 ounces. Popular in the Middle East especially Egypt and called 'maward'.
Viennese Cosmetic Toilet Water – bruised almonds, 15 parts; water of orange flower, 62 parts; water of roses, 62 parts. Rub up the almonds with the waters, allow standing. Later add borate of soda, 1 part; spirit of benzoin, 2 parts. Dissolve.
White Rose Toilet Water – one ounce of triple extract of white rose, 3 drops of oil of rose, 3 drops of oil of rose geranium, 26 ounces of cologne spirits, and 6 ounces of hot water.
Hugh C. Muldoonin submitted various toilet water formulas he called "Own-make Toilet Specialties" to the Bulletin Of Pharmacy in 1917.
See also
Scented water
Footnotes
References
Sources
Beckmann, Johann, A History of Inventions and Discoveries: In Four Volumes 2, 1817
Baker, William Henry, A dictionary of men's wear..., W. H. Baker, 1908
Better Nutrition magazine, Nov 1999, Vol. 61, No. 11, ISSN 0405-668X, Published by Active Interest Media, Inc.
Booth, Nancy M., Perfumes, splashes & colognes: discovering & crafting your personal fragrances, Storey Publishing, 1997,
Bulletin of pharmacy, Volume 36, E.G. Swift, 1922
Beauty—its attainment and preservation, Butterick Pub. Co., Ltd., 1892
Consumer reports, Volumes 25–26, Consumers Union of the United States, 1960
Cox, Nancy C., Perceptions of retailing in early modern England, Ashgate Publishing, Ltd., 2007,
Cristiani, Richard S., Perfumery and kindred arts: A comprehensive treatise on perfumery, H. C. Baird, 1877
Current opinion, Volume 32, The Current Literature Publishing Co., 1902
Dewey, Willis Alonzo, Medical century, Volume 14, Medical Century Company., 1906
Ebert, Albert Ethelbert, The Standard formulary, G.P. Engelhard & Co., 1897
Fettner, Ann Tucker, Potpourri, incense, and other fragrant concoctions, Workman Pub. Co., 1977,
Fletcher, Ella Adelia, Woman Beautiful, Kessinger Publishing, 1998,
Frank, Marc Henry, Eugenics and Sex Relations for Men and Women, Kessinger Publishing, 2005,
Griffin, Judy, Flowers That Heal: Aromas, Herbs, Essences and Other Secrets of the Fairies, Cosimo, Inc., 2002,
Grolier, The New book of knowledge, Grolier, 1986,
Groom, Nigel, The new perfume handbook, Springer, 1997,
Halpern, Georges M., The Healing Trail: Essential Oils of Madagascar, Basic Health Publications, Inc., 2003,
Hiss, A. Emil, The new standard formulary:, G.P. Engelhard, 1910
Keithler, William R., The formulation of cosmetics and cosmetic specialties, Drug and Cosmetic Industry, 1956
Hopkins, Albert Allis, The Scientific American cyclopedia of formulas: partly based upon the 28th ed. of Scientific American cyclopedia of receipts, notes and queries, Munn & co., inc., 1910
Lawless, Julia, The illustrated encyclopedia of essential oils: the complete guide to the use of oils in aromatherapy and herbalism, Barnes & Noble, 1995,
Lillard, Benjamin, Practical druggist and pharmaceutical review of reviews, Volume 40, Lillard & Co., 1922
Martin, George R., The mentor-world traveler, Volume 10, George R. Martin, 1922
Miller, William Tyler, Garden & home builder, volume 13, Doubleday, Page and Company, 1911
Müller, Peter M., Perfumes: art, science, and technology, Springer, 1994,
Sherrow, Victoria, For appearance' sake: the historical encyclopedia of good looks, beauty, and grooming, Greenwood Publishing Group, 2001,
Stoddart, David Michael, The scented ape: the biology and culture of human odour, Cambridge University Press, 1990,
The National Druggist, Volume 42; H. R. Strong, 1912
Citations
Toiletry
Perfumery
Economy of Cologne
Perfumes
Personal hygiene products
de:Parfüm#Verdünnungsklassen
Arya Dewaker (Hindi: आर्य दिवाकर) is a Hindu association that built the biggest mandir (Hindu temple) of Suriname. The temple attracts many visitors, both Hindus and non-Hindus, coming from Suriname and from all over the world. It is located in the city centre fields in Paramaribo.
History
The temple was officially opened on 11 February 2001. Since Arya Dewaker is the most important section of the Arya Samaj in Suriname today, it is reasonable to regard this house of worship as the main temple of the 16,661 Hindus who are said to belong this Hindu reform movement inspired by Swami Dayananda Sarasvati (1823-1883).
Arya Dewaker was founded on 29 September 1929 on the initiative of Pandit Mehtā Jaimīnī, an Ārya Samājī who arrived from India at the time. Arya Dewaker means 'Aryan Sun'. On 5 February 1930 the association received formal recognition from the Dutch colonial government.
In 1936 the association constructed its first mandir, a temple, in which the members could convene and hold the ceremonies around a Vedic fire, which are characteristic for the Arya Samaj. However, it lasted until 1947 before the temple was officially inaugurated. An Aryan temple, moreover, has no images. Earlier they came together in classrooms which provisorily were arranged as temple halls. The house of worship constructed in 1936 was built according to the usual pattern of an Aryan temple. It was demolished in 1975 to make place for a new temple, but because of a radical change in the construction plans and financial problems due to the bad economic situation of Suriname in the 1980s and 1990s the erection of this building took around twenty years.
Symbolism of the temple
The new house of worship completed in 2001 differs entirely from previous Aryan temples, as the Dutch architect Arthur E. de Groot devised in good coöperation with the members of the board and the building committee of Arya Dewaker an octagonal building of two floors. The ground flour includes various meeting rooms and a library and the upper floor is the space where the ceremonies are performed. The place for burning the fire is in the centre of the hall, whereas the benches are placed in circles surrounding the fireplace, which emphasizes that all people attending the fire ceremony are in principle equal. The building is octagonal, so it gives the impression that it is round, which reflects the circular form of the sun, the moon and the earth. The three towers refer to the three eternal units in our universal existence: the absolute God, human being and nature. The roofs of the two smaller towers and the tower on the big dome of the temple all have four floors, a number referring to the four Vedas, the oldest scriptures of Hinduism. The building does not contain any image of a divinity, since the worship of images is forbidden in the Ārya Samāj. Swastikas, Om-syllables and Sanskrit and Hindi sentences in devanagari script are painted on the walls and the ceilings. Some of these texts have a ritual character, such as the Gayatri Mantra, a holy formula derived from the Rig Veda (3,62,10), while other sentences are ethical exhortations derived, for example, from the Manusmrti (Mānava Dharmashāstra). The swastika stands for salvation and the Om-syllable refers to the absolute God, whereas a recitation of Vedic verses is considered to be very powerful.
The architect wished to erect a 'tropical temple', in which the qualities of the buildings in Suriname with their large eaves and verandas and their white painted checkered windows can be recognized. At the same time, the architecture is clearly inspired by the forms and patterns of the era of the Moghuls in India and the time of the Moors in Spain. Some pillars could come directly from the Red Fort in Agra.
During the restoration of 2016-2018 the ceiling is covered with white synthetic plates, which makes the temple room much lighter. Unfortunately the southern fence including its mantras is removed to make space for a parking place for a nearby supermarket.
Literature
Freek L. Bakker, The Arya Dewaker Mandir in Paramaribo: A Hindu Temple with a Message, Electronic Paper Series in Hindu Studies 2, E-paper, World Heritage Press Inc., Québec 2015, https://dspace.library.uu.nl/handle/1874/320839
References
External links
Digital video representation
21st-century Hindu temples
Hindu temples in Suriname
Arya Samaj
Religious buildings and structures completed in 2001
Football Federation of Ternopil Oblast is a football governing body in the region of Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine. The federation is a member of the Football Federation of Ukraine.
Previous Champions
1947 FC Lokomotyv Ternopil (1)
1948 FC Spartak Terebovlya (1)
1949 FC Lokomotyv Ternopil (2)
1950 FC Spartak Terebovlya (2)
1951 FC Shakhtar Kremenets (1)
1952 FC Lokomotyv Ternopil (3)
1953 ????
1954 ????
1955 Chortkiv (1)
1956 FC Dynamo Ternopil (1)
1957 FC Dynamo Ternopil (2)
1958 ATP Ternopil (1)
1959 Chortkiv (2)
1960 FC Motor Ternopil (1)
1961 FC Burevisnyk Kremenets (1)
1962 FC Burevisnyk Kremenets (2)
1963 FC Kolhospnyk Berezhany (1)
1964 FC Druzhba Chortkiv (1)
1965 FC Kolhospnyk Berezhany (2)
1966 FC Kolhospnyk Buchach (1)
1967 FC Kolhospnyk Buchach (2)
1968 FC Kolhospnyk Buchach (3)
1969 FC Kolos Buchach (4)
1970 FC Kolos Buchach (5)
1971 FC Kolos Buchach (6)
1972 FC Kolos Buchach (7)
1973 FC Kolos Buchach (8)
1974 FC Dnister Zalishchyky (1)
1975 FC Kombainobudivnyk Ternopil (1)
1976 FC Budivelnyk Monastyryska (1)
1977 FC Vatra Ternopil (1)
1978 FC Kombainobudivnyk Ternopil (2)
1979 FC Kombainobudivnyk Ternopil (3)
1980 FC Nyva Pidhaitsi (1)
1981 FC Vatra Ternopil (2)
1982 FC Zoria Khorostkiv (1)
1983 FC Vatra Ternopil (3)
1984 FC Avtomobilist Kopychyntsi (1)
1985 FC Dnister Zalishchyky (2)
1986 FC Nyva Berezhany (2)
1987 FC Nyva Berezhany (3)
1988 FC Nyva Berezhany (4)
1989 FC Tsukrovyk Chortkiv (1)
1990 FC Dnister Zalishchyky (3)
1991 FC Kolos Novosilka (1)
1992 FC Kolos Monastyryska (1)
1992-93 FC Kolos Monastyryska (2)
1993-94 FC Kolos Zboriv (1)
1994-95 FC Nyva Terebovlya (1)
1995-96 FC Zoria Khorostkiv (2)
1996-97 FC Zoria Khorostkiv (3)
1997-98 FC Zoria Khorostkiv (4)
1998-99 FC Sokil Velyki Hayi (1)
1999 FC Sokil Velyki Hayi (2)
2000 FC Lysonya Berezhany (5)
2001 FC Lysonya Berezhany (6)
2002 FC Avianosets Chortkiv (1)
2003 FC Avianosets Chortkiv (2)
2004 FC Dnister Zalishchyky (4)
2005 FC Brovar Mykulyntsi (1)
2006 FC Brovar Mykulyntsi (2)
2007 FC Ternopil-Burevisnyk (1)
2008 FC Halych Zbarazh (1)
2009 FC Ternopil (2)
2010 FC Ternopil (3)
2011 FC Ternopil-Peduniversytet (4)
2012 FC Berezhany (7)
2013 FC Chortkiv (2)
2014 FC Nyva Terebovlya (2)
2015 FC Nyva Terebovlya (3)
2016 FC Nyva Terebovlya (4)
2017 FC Ahron-OTH Velyki Hayi (1)
2018 FC Ahron-OTH Velyki Hayi (2)
2019 FC Ahron-OTH Velyki Hayi (3)
Top winners
8 – FC Kolos (Kolhospnyk) Buchach
7 – FC Lysonya (Nyva) Berezhany
4 – 4 clubs (Dnister, Zoria, Nyva Trb, Ternopil)
3 – 4 clubs (Lokomotyv, Kombainobudivnyk, Vatra, Ahron-OTH)
2 – 10 clubs
1 – 9 clubs
Professional clubs
FC Dynamo Chortkiv, 1946
FC Stroitel Ternopil (Avagard), 1959-1968
See also
FFU Council of Regions
References
External links
Official website. Football Federation of Ternopil Oblast
Ternopil football over the past years (Тернопільський футбол за останні роки). FFU Council of Regions. 13 February 2003. (list of champions 1991–2001)
Malyshev, Yu. Nostalgia for the past (Ностальгія за минулим). FFU. 27 September 2010. (archived)
Malyshev, Yu. From "Koło parku" – to a Euro-stadium (Від «Коло парку» – до євростадіону). FFU. 20 September 2010. (archived)
Malyshev, Yu. Master of the "upper tier (étage)" (Господар «другого поверху»). FFU. 14 September 2010. (archived)
Malyshev, Yu. Breakthrough to the elite (Прорив в еліту). FFU. 8 September 2010. (archived)
Malyshev, Yu. Euro-hopes of Ternopil region (Євронадії Тернопільщини). FFU. 3 September 2010. (archived)
Football in the regions of Ukraine
Football governing bodies in Ukraine
Sport in Ternopil Oblast
Nicholas J. Miller is an American Professor of History at Boise State University.
Miller received a B.A. in History from UC Santa Barbara and his M.A. and PhD from Indiana University. Miller's work and research focuses on the lands of the former Yugoslavia. He has received fellowships from the International Research and Exchanges Board, the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, American Council of Learned Societies, and Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. He has written articles on Croatian and Serbian history.
Miller has written two books on the former Yugoslavia. Between Nation and State: Serbian Politics in Croatia Before the First World War narrates politics in Croatia prior to World War I. The Nonconformists: Culture, Politics, and Nationalism in a Serbian Cultural Circle, 1944-1991 looks at the role of Serbian intellectuals in political change in Yugoslavia and Serbia post-World War II, focusing on three individuals; novelist Dobrica Ćosić, painter Mića Popović and literary critic Borislav Mihajlović Mihiz.
Selected works
Books
Between Nation and State: Serbian Politics in Croatia Before the First World War. University of Pittsburgh Press, 1997.
The Nonconformists: Culture, Politics, and Nationalism in a Serbian Intellectual Circle, 1944-1991. Central European University Press, 2007.
Chapters in books
"Yugoslavia" in Chronology of 20th-Century Eastern European History. Edited by Gregory C. Ference. Gale Research, Inc., 1994.
"Return Engagement: Intellectuals and Nationalism in Tito's Yugoslavia" in State Collapse in South-Eastern Europe: New Perspectives on Yugoslavia's Disintegration. Edited by Lenard J. Cohen & Jasna Dragović-Soso. Purdue University Press, 2008.
"Where Was the Serbian Havel?" in The End and the Beginning: The Revolutions of 1989 and the Resurgence of History. Edited by Vladimir Tismaneanu & Bogdan C. Iacob. Central European University Press, 2012.
Articles in journals
"The Children of Cain: Dobrica Ćosić's Serbia" in East European Politics & Societies. University of California Press, 2000.
"Mihiz in the Sixties: Politics and Drama Between Nationalism and Authoritarianism" in Nationalities Papers. Cambridge University Press, 2002.
"Nationalism and Policymaking in the Balkans" in Georgetown Journal of International Affairs, vol. 7, no. 2. Georgetown University Press, 2006.
References
External links
Faculty profile at Boise State University
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Boise State University faculty
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Historians of the Balkans
University of California, Santa Barbara alumni
Indiana University alumni
20th-century American male writers
Marie-Elsa Roche Bragg (born London, July 1965) is an English writer, Anglican priest and therapist.
She has written a novel, Towards Mellbreak (Mellbreak is a mountain in Cumbria) and a book, Sleeping Letters which she wrote during a silent retreat and describes as "a mixture of poetry, prose and fragments of un-sent letters to both her mother and father", on the death of her mother when she was a child.
Early life and education
Bragg describes herself as "half French, half Cumbrian", but was born and spent her childhood in London. Her parents were novelist and broadcaster Melvyn Bragg and his first wife, writer and artist Marie-Elisabeth Roche, who died when Marie-Elsa was aged six.
Bragg studied aspects of Judaism at Leo Baeck College, Karl Barth and systematic doctrine at King's College London, philosophy and theology at the University of Oxford, and studied for ordination at Ripon College Cuddesdon. She has an MA in prose fiction from the University of East Anglia.
Work
Bragg is a spiritual director, working with groups or individuals. She has been part-time assistant to the Chaplain to the Speaker of the House of Commons; has been a programme director in leadership development at the Said Business School in Oxford; is a director of a coaching and leadership company Westminster Leadership; and has led an interfaith women's project on the difficulties of religious life, among other work. She is a duty chaplain at Westminster Abbey, and has a connection with Sénanque Abbey in southern France, and with the religious and literary traditions of the Lake District.
Selected publications
References
External links
1960s births
Living people
21st-century English Anglican priests
Women Anglican clergy
English women novelists
21st-century English novelists
Daughters of barons
Alumni of Leo Baeck College
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Alumni of Ripon College Cuddesdon
English poets
21st-century English women
There are 98 properties and historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Worcester, Massachusetts, east of I-190 and the north-south section of I-290, which are listed below. Two listings overlap into other parts of Worcester: one of the 1767 Milestones is located in northwestern Worcester, and the Blackstone Canal Historic District traverses all three sections of the city.
The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in an online map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
Current listings
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in northwestern Worcester, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in southwestern Worcester, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
History of Worcester, Massachusetts
NRHP East
Eastern
Little Fish is a musical with music, lyrics, and book by Michael John LaChiusa. The musical is suggested by two short stories by Deborah Eisenberg, Days and Flotsam. It concerns a group of friends living in New York City, one of whom, Charlotte, decides to stop smoking and then swims to compensate for the lack of nicotine. LaChiusa has said that he sees Little Fish as a "parable of sorts" for New York after the September 11 attacks.
Production history
The musical premiered off-Broadway at the Second Stage Theatre in New York City on February 13, 2003, and closed on March 9, 2003. Directed and choreographed by Graciela Daniele, it starred Jennifer Laura Thompson in the lead role of Charlotte and featured Hugh Panaro as Robert, Lea DeLaria as Cinder, and Jesse Tyler Ferguson as Marco. During the run educational workshops were run by Tracy Bersley.
Alice Ripley starred, with Gregory Jbara and Chad Kimball, in a production running from October 9, 2007, to November 18, 2007, at The Blank Theatre, Hollywood, California.
The European premiere was at the Finborough Theatre, London, from October 27, 2009, through November 21. The production was produced by JQ Productions and directed by Adam Lenson, with the cast featuring Ashley Campbell, Michael Cantwell, Katie Foster-Barnes, Nick Holder, Alana Maria, Laura Pitt-Pulford, Lee William- Davis and Julia Worsley.
Synopsis
In the present time, Charlotte, in her early 30s, lives in New York and is a short-story writer. She has given up smoking cigarettes, but without them she sees herself clearly, and believes that it is not an attractive picture. She is frightened by her new-found reality, thus her friends Marco and Kathy suggest various activities, such as collecting dolls or a new drug. However, she opts for what is presumably the least silly; swimming.
Charlotte thinks back to 1993, when she lived in Buffalo with her lover Robert, in his 40s, and she studied English Literature with him. She reflects on her childhood heroine, Anne Frank, who warns her about flotsam: emotional "debris" that blocks the flow of life. As Charlotte sees that she has been addicted not only to cigarettes but "fleeing", she is able to connect with her friends and her writing.
Concept
Don Shewey noted that the musical "departs from any kind of traditional book musical structure. Charlotte's tale emerges in vignettes that flicker and flash, zooming back and forth in time, held together by a narrative thread as tenuous as her nonsmoking sanity." Further, the music is "eclectic" and includes "Latin, jazz, rock, there's pure urban noise."
Songs
"Days" - Charlotte, Company
"Robert" - Charlotte
"It's A Sign" - Cinder
"The Pool (Part 1)" - Charlotte, Company
"Lockerroom (Part 1)"
"Winter Is Here/The Pool (Part 2)" - Charlotte
"Short Story" - Robert, Lifeguards
"Perfect" - Kathy
"John Paul/Disco" - Charlotte, Kathy
"He" - Robert, Men
"Cigarette Dream" - Charlotte, Company
"Flotsam" - Anne
"Lockerroom 2"
"I Ran" - Marco
"The Track (Part 1)"
"Mr. Bunder/By The Way" - Mr. Bunder
"Remember Me" - Kathy
"Anne" - Young Girl
"Little Fish" - Marco
"Poor Charlotte" - Cinder
"The Track (Part 2)"
"Flotsam" Reprise
"Simple Creature" - Charlotte
"Gallery/Perfect" Reprise
"In Two's and Three's" - Charlotte, Company
Response
Both Daniele and LaChiusa said Charlotte's struggle to quit smoking is "a metaphor for the crises that force people to reconsider who they are and what is important. Mr. LaChiusa said the musical was his oblique response to Sept. 11: 'After that happened, nobody was thinking about how to get rich and famous. You wanted to be around the people you love.' "... LaChiusa went on to add that " 'But after you've been here [New York] a while, you realize that you don't always have to swim upstream and battle the elements. When you're little fish in a big pond, it's safer to swim in schools.' "
Ben Brantley, reviewing for the New York Times, wrote: "About halfway into its intermissionless 90 minutes, Little Fish starts to lose its shapely, sharp-edged contours and turn into a sentimental, well, blob...Mr. LaChiusa...and Ms. Daniele has done a swell job of fashioning a lively musical about what it means to feel lifeless in contemporary Manhattan...Like many American musical composers under 50, Mr. LaChiusa is an artistic descendant of Mr. Sondheim, and in many ways, Little Fish can be regarded as a direct, latter-day answer to Company. Certainly, Riccardo Hernández's terraced, silver-toned set, with its evocation of concrete canyons enhanced by Peggy Eisenhauer's shifting lighting, brings to mind Boris Aronson's fabled designs for the original Company. And Mr. LaChiusa's Charlotte, like Mr. Sondheim's Bobby, is a wistful, disengaged soul who is surrounded by people who advise her on how to live....The problem, as the show goes on, is that there's an inevitable monotony to Charlotte's interior life."
The talkinbroadway review noted:"It hits all its marks well, but never has quite the "oomph" needed to put it over the top. This may be due to Graciela Daniele's direction and choreography which are fine but unexceptional, never completely communicating in the same urban language that drips from every LaChiusa's score and libretto...LaChiusa can and does impress, time and time again, though perhaps never more effectively than in Charlotte's late-show song, "Simple Creature." It's one of the most stirring and artfully constructed musical scenes to hit the New York stage in years."
Recordings
The cast recording of the Blank Theatre Company's production was released on the Ghostlight Records label on September 9, 2008. with Alice Ripley as Charlotte, Chad Kimball as Marco, Gregory Jbara as Mr. Bunder, Robert Torti as Robert and Samantha Shelton as Cinder.
References
External links
Internet Off-Broadway listing
LaChiusa at doollee.com, with plot synopsis of "Little Fish"
"CurtainUp Review, Little Fish, with song list"
2003 musicals
Musicals based on short fiction
Off-Broadway musicals
Tadeusz Kościuszko was a soldier respected as a champion of liberty in both Poland and the United States.
For things named after this person, see List of things named after Tadeusz Kościuszko.
War
Kościuszko Uprising, a 1794 Polish war of independence
Military
Kościuszko's Squadron, a Polish fighter squadron in the Polish-Soviet War of 1919–21
No. 303 Squadron RAF, known as the No. 303 "Kościuszko", was a Second World War Polish fighter squadron
1st Tadeusz Kościuszko Infantry Division, a Second World War unit, part of the 1st Polish Army
111th Fighter Escadrille (Poland), known as Kościuszko's squadron, was a Polish fighter squadron in the Invasion of Poland of 1939
Tadeusz Kościuszko Land Forces Military Academy in Wrocław, Poland
Ships
, a Polish Navy rocket frigate
SS Kościuszko, a Polish ocean liner
Kosciusko a ferry on Sydney Harbour named after Mount Kosciuszko
Places
Antarctica
Mount Kosciusko (Antarctica), a mountain in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica
Australia
Kosciuszko, New South Wales, a locality in the Snowy Valleys Region
Kosciuszko National Park, New South Wales
Mount Kosciuszko, the highest mountain in Australia (not including its external territories)
United States
Kosciusko, Mississippi
Kosciusko, Texas
Kosciusko County, Indiana
Kosciuszko Park (Chicago)
Kosciusko Island in Alaska
Kosciuszko Bridge in New York City
Thaddeus Kosciusko Bridge in Albany, New York
Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Poland
Kościuszko Mound in Kraków
Music
"Kosciusko" is a track on Midnight Oil's album Red Sails in the Sunset
Kosciuszko is a 2011 album by the Australian alternative rock band Jebediah
People
Jacques Kosciusco-Morizet, French ambassador
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet, a French politician
Products
Kosciusko mustard, a Plochman's brand
Donner Lake is a freshwater lake in Northeast California on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada and about northwest of the much larger Lake Tahoe. A moraine serves as a natural dam for the lake. The lake is located in the town of Truckee, between Interstate 80 to the north and Schallenberger Ridge to the south. The tracks of the Union Pacific Railroad run along
Schallenberger Ridge and closely follow the route of the original transcontinental railroad. The historic route of the Lincoln Highway, the first automobile road across America and US 40 follows the northern shoreline, then climbs to Donner Pass from where the entire lake may be viewed.
Both the lake and the pass were named after the ill-fated Donner Party, which wintered involuntarily near the lake in 1846. Donner Memorial State Park is on the east end of the lake and provides campsites with access to several different beaches. There are also various hiking trails in the park.
Fishing
The lake's depth has been measured by the California State Lands Commission to be deep at its deepest point. The deepest point is at the fallen tree, just off the guard rail on the north side. High water level is above Mean Sea Level.
Donner Lake holds some of the biggest lake trout in the state. There is also a good population of rainbow and brown trout as well as Kokanee salmon. Fisherman use downriggers and troll with plugs for Kokanee salmon and rainbow trout in order to catch the trophy-sized lake trout. During the spring and fall lake trout come to the top to feed, and these are the only times of year one has the chance to hook a laker in shallow water.
A public boat ramp operated by the Truckee Donner Recreation & Parks District is available in the northwest corner of Donner Lake. A fee is charged for boat launching. The lake is open to both powerboats and sailboats.
The California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA) has developed an advisory for Donner Lake based on mercury and PCBs found in fish caught from this water body. The advisory provides safe eating advice for fish species caught in the body of water.
Recreation
Donner Memorial State Park wraps around the East and part of the South shore of the Lake, encompassing Scallenberger Ridge to the south. Summer activities include: camping, picnicking, boating, fishing, water-skiing, wind-surfing, hiking, and mountain biking. Winter activities include cross-country skiing and snowshoeing. The Park features the Pioneer Monument - welcoming visitors year round - which was built to commemorate the Donner Party traveling to California from the east in the mid-19th century. The statue itself is positioned high, which is said to be the depth snow reached during the winter of 1846 when the Donner Party failed to make it over the pass.
The North shore of the Lake hosts of public docks for both swimmers and boaters. Every year the town of Truckee hosts the Donner Lake Triathlon which consists of the Sprint Triathlon: swim, bike, run and the International Triathlon: , , run.
Hiking
There are roughly of hiking trails inside the Park. Visitors can legally park in Coldstream Canyon (just past the 76 gas station) which contains the alignment of the primary Emigrant Trail, which leads up to U.S. Forest Service and the Pacific Crest trails beyond the park. Donner Lake is roughly around which also makes for a great hike.
Camping
There are 154 sites to camp at in the park and a day-use area along the lake. A lakeside interpretive trail has 18 panels which discuss the natural and cultural resources in the local area.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in California
List of lakes in California
References
External links
Trailspotting: Donner Memorial State Park Trail Hike description & photos
California State Parks:Donner Lake
Views of Donner Lake, California. Photographed by R.J. Waters and Co., ca. 1915, The Bancroft Library
Change of Pace
Pipeline spill of diesel fuel into Donner Lake settlement
Donner Party
Lakes of California
Lakes of Nevada County, California
Tourist attractions in Nevada County, California
Lakes of Northern California
Stephens–Townsend–Murphy Party
A microlife is a unit of risk representing half an hour change of life expectancy.
Discussed by David Spiegelhalter and Alejandro Leiva, and also used by Lin et al. for decision analysis, microlives are intended as a simple way of communicating the impact of a lifestyle or environmental risk factor, based on the associated daily proportional effect on expected length of life. Similar to the micromort (one in a million probability of death) the microlife is intended for "rough but fair comparisons between the sizes of chronic risks". This is to avoid the biasing effects of describing risks in relative hazard ratios, converting them into somewhat tangible units. Similarly they bring long-term future risks into the here-and-now as a gain or loss of time.
"A daily loss or gain of 30 minutes can be termed a microlife, because 1 000 000 half hours (57 years) roughly corresponds to a lifetime of adult exposure."
The microlife exploits the fact that for small hazard ratios the change in life expectancy is roughly linear. They are by necessity rough estimates, based on averages over population and lifetime. Effects of individual variability, short-term or changing habits, and causal factors are not taken into account.
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Microlives gained/lost per day of exposure, based on estimated life expectancy effects of long term lifestyle and demographic risk factors, for men and women aged 35 years.
!Risk factor || Men || Women
|-
|colspan="3"|Smoking
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Smoking 15–24 cigarettes || −10 || −9
|-
|colspan="3"|Alcohol intake
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|First drink (of 10 g alcohol) || 1 || 1
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Each subsequent drink (up to 6) || −½ || −1
|-
|colspan="3"|Obesity
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Per 5 units above body mass index of 22.5 each day || −3 || −3
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Per 5 kg above optimum weight for average height each day || −1 || −1
|-
|colspan="3"|Sedentary behaviour
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|2 hours watching television || −1 || −1
|-
|colspan="3"|Diet
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Red meat, 1 portion (85 g, 3 oz) || −1 || −1
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Fruit and vegetable intake, =5 servings (blood vitamin C >50 nmol/L) || 4 || 3
|-
|colspan="3"|Coffee intake
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|2-3 cups || 1 || 1
|-
|colspan="3"|Physical activity
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|First 20 minutes of moderate exercise || 2 || 2
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Subsequent 40 minutes of moderate exercise || 1 || ½
|-
|colspan="3"|Statins
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Taking a statin || 1 || 1
|-
|colspan="3"|Air pollution
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Per day living in Mexico City v London || −½ || −½
|-
|colspan="3"|Geography
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Per day being a resident of Russia v Sweden || −21 || −9
|-
|colspan="3"|Era
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Per day living in 2010 v 1910 || 15 || 15
|-
|style="padding-left:1em;"|Per day living in 2010 v 1980 || 8 || 5
|}
See also
Micromort
Risk communication
References
Further reading
A calculator for about eight different factors' effect upon microlives.
Health risk
Kowalewski (feminine Kowalewska, plural: Kowalewscy) is a Polish surname. It may refer to:
(1879-1940), Polish brigade general
Aleksander Kowalewski, Polish spelling of Alexander Kovalevsky (1840-1901), Russian embryologist
Gerhard Kowalewski (1876-1950), German mathematician
Günter Kowalewski (born 1943), German wrestler
Jakub Kowalewski (born 1994), Polish luger
Jan Kowalewski (1892-1965), Polish cryptologist
Jerzy Kowalewski (born 1944), Polish diver
Joe Kowalewski (born 1982), American football player
Józef Kowalewski (1801-1878), Polish orientalist
Krzysztof Kowalewski (born 1937), Polish actor
Marlena Kowalewska (born 1992), Polish volleyball player
Wojciech Kowalewski (born 1977), Polish footballer
See also
Kowalski, a Polish surname
Kovalevsky, a Russian surname
Polish-language surnames
The Barnes Review (TBR) is a bi-monthly magazine founded in 1994 by Willis Carto's Liberty Lobby and headquartered in Washington, D.C. The Southern Poverty Law Center describes The Barnes Review as "one of the most virulent anti-Semitic organizations around"; the journal and website are "dedicated to historical revisionism and Holocaust denial."
The journal is named after the Holocaust denier Harry Elmer Barnes. Linked with it is a TBR Bookclub, promoting what the SPLC describes as "a wide range of extremist books and publications". The organization also holds conferences with speakers such as Ted Gunderson. "Claiming that its mission is to 'tell the whole truth about history,' TBR really practices an extremist form of revisionist history that includes defending the Nazi regime, denying the Holocaust, discounting the evils of slavery, and promoting white nationalism", according to the SPLC.
Willis Carto, who founded the Institute for Historical Review in 1979, used to be associated with the organisation but lost control in an internal takeover by former associates. Eustace Mullins was a contributing editor.
References
External links
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Political magazines published in the United States
Holocaust denial in the United States
Magazines established in 1994
Magazines published in Washington, D.C.
Far-right publications in the United States
Holocaust-denying websites
WMVW (91.7 FM) is a noncommercial Christian radio station having Peachtree City, Georgia as its city of license. WMVW airs a format consisting of Christian talk and teaching programs as well as Christian music. Programs heard on WMVW include Running to Win with Erwin Lutzer, Turning Point with David Jeremiah, Focus On The Family, and Revive Our Hearts with Nancy DeMoss Wolgemuth.
The station came on the air in early 2010 as part of the American Family Radio network. It is a counterpart to WMVV FM 90.7 in nearby Griffin, Georgia, both of which are on the southern edge of metro Atlanta, and are part of its media market. The station's original application dates back to 1997, and its construction permit was finally issued a decade later in 2007, superseding two issued in 2005. It requested and received a modification of the permit in 2009, and in May 2010 requested and was finally issued its broadcast license.
References
External links
Radio stations established in 2010
Moody Radio affiliate stations
MVW
2010 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Siamese invasion of Kedah was a military operation mounted by the Kingdom of Siam against the Sultanate of Kedah in November 1821, in the area of what is now northern Peninsula Malaysia.
Background
The Sultanate of Kedah had been a tributary state to Siam during the Ayutthaya period, though the extent of Siamese influence over Northern Malay Sultanates varied over time. After the Fall of Ayutthaya in 1767, the Northern Malay Sultanates were freed from Siamese domination temporarily. In 1786, Francis Light managed to obtain a lease of Penang Island from Sultan Abdullah Mukarram Shah of Kedah on behalf of British East India Company in exchange for British military supports against the Siamese or Burmese. However, in the same year, Siam re-exerted control over Northern Malay Sultanates and sacked Pattani. Francis Light, however, failed to secure the British military assistance against Siam and Kedah came under Siamese suzerainty. The bunga mas was sent triennially to the Bangkok court.
During the Burmese Invasion of Phuket in 1809, Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah II, who was known in Thai sources as "Tuanku Pangeran" (), contributed a sizable force from Kedah to aid the Siamese against the Burmese. In 1813, King Rama II commanded Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah of Kedah to bring the Sultanate of Perak under Siamese control. Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah then sent forces to capture and occupy Perak under the domination of Kedah on behalf of Siam in 1818. This earned Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah a great favor of the Siamese king, who raised the sultan to the rank of Chao Phraya - which was superior to Nakhon Noi the governor of Ligor or Nakhon Si Thammarat who held the rank of Phraya. In 1811, Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah came into conflicts with his brother Tunku Bisnu. Tunku Bisnu approached Phraya Nakhon Noi of Ligor and sought Siamese support. Tunku Bisnu was then made the ruler of Setul.
In 1820, King Bagyidaw of Burma planned another invasion of Siam, in which the Kedah Sultanate would inevitably become involved. Tunku Mom, a younger brother of the sultan, informed Phraya Nakhon Noi that the sultan of Kedah was forming an alliance with the Burmese against Siam. Lim Hoi, a Phuket-based Chinese merchant caught a Burmese ship bearing a Burmese letter to the Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah. Phraya Nakhon Noi then relayed the information to the Bangkok court. King Rama II ordered the sultan of Kedah to go to Bangkok to explain. Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah of Kedah did not go and ceded bunga mas altogether. King Rama II then ordered Phraya Nakhon Noi of Ligor to invade Kedah Sultanate in 1821.
Campaigns
The Siamese had still been unsure about the intentions of the sultan and Kedah had not aware of Siamese invasion. Phraya Nakhon Noi had already organized a fleet of 7,000 men at Trang and Satun in his preparations against the speculated Burmese invasions. Pretending to launch attack on Mergui and Tenasserim Coast, Phraya Nakhon Noi requested Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin for provisions. When the Kedahan did not arrive to provide supplies, Nakhon Noi headed his fleet towards Alor Setar in November 1821.
When Nakhon Noi arrived at Alor Setar, the Kedahan were still unaware of Siamese intention to invade. Paduka Maharaja Sura the Bendahara ceremoniously received the Siamese entourage. Once in the fort, Nakhon Noi ordered his men to attack. Paduka Maharaja Sura the Bendahara was captured and Paduka Seri Raja the Laksamana was killed in battle. However, Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah managed to flee from the city and took refuge on Penang Island, then under British control. Villages were torched and homes were looted. A great number of Malays also fled to Penang and Province Wellesley.
Aftermath
After taking the city, Phraya Nakhon Noi established the Siamese administration over the Kedah State and made his son Phra Pakdiborrirak as the Siamese governor of Kedah. Siam imposed the direct rule through Ligor and installed Siamese personnel in Kedah, thus the sultanate ceased to exist for a time. For his victory over Kedah, King Rama II raised Nakhon Noi to the rank of Chao Phraya and granted his son Phra Pakdiborrirak the title of Phraya Abhaydhibetr. Phraya Abhaydhibetr would govern Kedah on behalf of his father the governor of Ligor for seventeen years from 1821 until 1838.
By 1822 there was a rise in the population of the British territories caused by an influx of Malays displaced by the invasion. The Siamese presence in Kedah threatened British holdings in Penang, who speculated the Siamese invasion of the island. This prompted Marquess of Hastings, the Governor-General of India, to send John Crawfurd to Bangkok, leading to the first contact between Siam and the British Empire in the Rattanakosin period. Crawfurd arrived in Bangkok in April 1822, he presented the personal letter of Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shah to King Rama II blaming Nakhon Noi "the Raja of Ligor" for the incidents. The agreements were not reached as Siam asserted her authorities over Kedah and the sultan. Three years later in 1825, Chao Phraya Nakhon Noi prepared a fleet to invade and conquer the sultanates of Perak and Selangor. Robert Fullerton warned the Raja of Ligor that the Siamese invasion of the sultanates would violate the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1824 but the warnings went unheeded. Fullerton then sent gunboats to impose blockade on the Trang River in modern Trang Province where the brigantine fleet of Nakhon Noi was being dispatched and the Siamese expedition was called off.
The Burney Treaty was concluded between Siam and British Empire on 26 June 1826. The Burney Treaty allowed the Siamese view of their rights to prevail. The British government accepted Siamese influence over Kedah in exchange for free trade on stocks and provisions between Siam and Prince of Wales Island and Siam's relinquished claims on Selangor. The British also agreed to move Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin to somewhere else. The Article XIII of the treaty stated that: "The English engage that they will make arrangements for the former Governor of Queda to go and live in some other Country, and not at Prince of Wales' Island or Prye, or in Perak, Salengore, or any Burmese Country." The former sultan of Kedah was then forcibly moved to Malacca. However, Penang continued to be the center of resistance to Siamese rule. Tengku Kudin, a nephew of Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin, captured Alor Setar from the Siamese in 1831, though Chao Phraya Nakhon Noi retook Alor Setar four months later. Another resistance of Kedah came in 1838 when two nephews of Sultan Admah Tajuddin joined with Wan Mali to take Alor Setar. Only after the death of Chao Phraya Nakhon Noi in 1838 that the native Malay rule was restored. Tunku Anom was made the governor of Kedah in 1838 until when Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin pledged for himself to be restored. The Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin, after twenty years of exile, was eventually restored to the Kedah Sultanate in 1842 under Siamese suzerainty.
Notes
Conflicts in 1821
1821 in Asia
1820s in Siam
History of Kedah
19th century in Siam
19th century in Malaysia
Tereapii Tapoki (born 9 April 1984 in Mauke) is a female discus thrower from the Cook Islands. At age twenty, Tapoki made her official debut for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where she competed in the women's discus throw. She placed fortieth in the qualifying rounds of the competition, with a throw of 48.12 metres.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Tapoki improved her performance by successfully throwing the discus into the field on her third and final attempt, at 48.35 metres. Tapoki, however, failed to advance into the discus throw final, as she placed thirty-seventh overall in the qualifying rounds.
Personal bests
Shot put: 14.96 m NR – Nikao, 11 October 2006
Discus throw: 57.61 m NR – Auckland, 11 November 2006
Javelin throw: 45.85 m NR – Apia, 14 December 2006
Achievements
References
=External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Sports reference biography
Female discus throwers
Living people
Olympic athletes of the Cook Islands
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for the Cook Islands
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
1984 births
Cook Island female athletes
Cook Island discus throwers
People from Mauke
Chiesa di Santa Maria ad Cryptas (Italian for Church of Santa Maria ad Cryptas) is a Middle Ages church in Fossa, Province of L'Aquila (Abruzzo).
History
The church suffered slight damage from the 2009 earthquake.
Architecture
References
External links
Maria ad Cryptas
Romanesque architecture in Abruzzo
Fossa, Abruzzo
Robert Bruce Dickson (born April 22, 1931) is a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway. He is the last living member of that team.
References
1931 births
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Living people
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
is a garment worn in Japan by people attending religious ceremonies and activities, including Buddhist and Shinto related occasions. The is essentially a white , traditional hunting robes worn by nobles during the Heian period.
Though both Shinto and Buddhist priests wear to rituals, laymen also occasionally wear the , such as when participating in pilgrimage such as the Shikoku Pilgrimage. The garment is usually white or yellow, and is made of linen or silk depending on its type and use.
Shinto priests who wear the usual wear it with a peaked cap known as , alongside an outer tunic - the proper - an outer robe called , an undergarment known as the (lit. "unlined" or "one-layer"), ballooning trousers called or (a variant of the ), and a girdle called . A priest may also carry a ceremonial wand known as a , or another style of baton known as a .
See also
Glossary of Shinto
External links
Basic terms of Shinto (with illustration)
Courtier in Shinto ceremonial robe (with illustration)
Shinto religious clothing
Japanese upper-body garments
Shinto religious objects
Japanese words and phrases
William Alex North (born May 15, 1948) is a former center fielder in Major League Baseball. From 1971 to 1981, he played for the Chicago Cubs (1971–72), Oakland Athletics (1973–78), Los Angeles Dodgers (1978) and San Francisco Giants (1979–81). He was a switch hitter and threw right-handed.
In an 11-year career, North compiled a career batting average of .261 (1016-for-3900) with 20 home runs and 230 runs batted in. One of the fastest men in the game, he also recorded 395 stolen bases.
Career
1969-75
In 1969 North was drafted by the Cubs in the 12th round of the amateur draft. The speedy outfielder was traded to the Athletics after the 1972 season and started in center field on Oakland's 1973 World Series champions. Batting leadoff, he posted career highs in batting average (.285) and runs scored (98). However, on September 20, in a loss to the Minnesota Twins, North tripped over first base; the resulting ankle sprain not only cost him the American League stolen base title (his 53 steals placed him second, only one behind Tommy Harper), it also sidelined him for the remainder of the season and cost him the chance to play in the post-season.
In 1974 North did lead the league in steals, with 54, on an Athletics team that won its third consecutive World Series title. He was also involved in a not-so-memorable moment on June 5 of that season. He and Reggie Jackson engaged in a clubhouse fight at Detroit's Tiger Stadium that resulted in Jackson injuring his shoulder. Ray Fosse, attempting to separate the combatants, suffered a crushed disk in his neck, costing him the next three months on the disabled list.
1976-81
North also led the American League in steals in 1976 with 75, at the time the second-highest in a season in franchise history, trailing only Eddie Collins' 81 in 1910 with what were then the Philadelphia Athletics. As of 2012, only Rickey Henderson has stolen more bases for the Athletics, surpassing North's total three times, each with at least 100 steals: an even 100 in 1980, a still-standing Major League record 130 in 1982 and 108 in 1983.
Injuries limited North to only 56 games in 1977, and after a slow start in 1978, the Athletics traded him to the Dodgers for Glenn Burke. His Dodgers won the National League pennant, but lost to the New York Yankees in the World Series. After the season, the San Francisco Giants signed him as a free agent; in 1979 he returned to form with 58 stolen bases, the most by a Giant in the live-ball era. Injuries, however, kept him out of 20 games and prevented him from breaking the overall franchise record of 62. After a similar season in 1980, he tailed off in 1981.
Notable moments and statistics
In addition to stealing bases, North also utilized his speed in the field to lead American League outfielders three times in total chances per game, twice in putouts, and once each in assists and double plays. In the second game of a July 28, 1974 doubleheader, he accomplished an unassisted double play against the Chicago White Sox. North caught Brian Downing's fly ball and continued to the second-base bag to double up Dick Allen, who had been running on the play.
North was the first player in Oakland Athletics history to serve as a designated hitter. He went 2-for-5 in the Athletics's 1973 season opener, an 8–3 loss to the Minnesota Twins at Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum.
North was an ineffective hitter in postseason play; in two World Series, two American League Championship Series and one National League Championship Series covering 20 games, North posted only a .051 batting average (3-for-59), among the lowest batting averages in the postseason for a position player. However, he made the most of his baserunning opportunities, scoring 8 runs, drawing 7 base on balls, stealing 3 bases and recording 3 RBI.
See also
List of Major League Baseball career stolen bases leaders
List of Major League Baseball annual stolen base leaders
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Major League Baseball center fielders
African-American baseball players
Chicago Cubs players
Oakland Athletics players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
San Francisco Giants players
Central Washington Wildcats baseball players
Baseball players from Seattle
American League stolen base champions
Caldwell Cubs players
Quincy Cubs players
San Antonio Missions players
Wichita Aeros players
Garfield High School (Seattle) alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Pedro Puente (13 May 1907 – 26 March 1986) was a Peruvian sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1907 births
1986 deaths
Peruvian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Peru
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lima
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Peru
Shooters at the 1951 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1951 Pan American Games
20th-century Peruvian people
The 2004–05 season was Paris Saint-Germain's 35th season in existence. PSG played their home league games at the Parc des Princes in Paris, registering an average attendance of 35,369 spectators per match. The club was presided by Francis Graille until 2 May 2005, when Pierre Blayau became the new president. The team was coached by Vahid Halilhodžić until 8 February 2005, when Laurent Fournier replaced him. José-Karl Pierre-Fanfan was the team captain.
Season summary
The season before, PSG had won the Coupe de France and finished second in Ligue 1, just three points away from title glory. However, manager Vahid Halilhodžić's second season at the club was not a success. From their opening Champions League group stage 0–3 home loss to Chelsea, to their poor domestic form, PSG never looked like replicating the winning form of the previous season. Going into the final round of Champions League group stage fixtures in December, the team still had a chance of advancing to the knockout stage. The club, however, suffered a disappointing 1–3 defeat at home, courtesy of a Sergei Semak hat-trick, which meant straight elimination from Europe. It was a bitter loss that even prompted club president Francis Graille to publicly relay his disappointment at the "lack of pride" shown by the squad, though remaining guardedly coy when explicitly asked about Halilhodžić's future at the club.
With only domestic competition to worry about, PSG began 2005 looking to improve its league standing. Sluggish form continued, however, and on 8 February, following a 2–0 home defeat versus Lens that saw PSG drop to 12th, the club's management decided to sack Halilhodžić. He was replaced by the coach of the reserves team, Laurent Fournier, under whom the club eventually finished ninth in the league.
Following the conclusion of the season, Sochaux's Guy Lacombe was appointed as manager.
Players
As of the 2004–05 season.
Squad
Left club during season
Competitions
Overview
Trophée des Champions
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by match
Matches
Coupe de France
Coupe de la Ligue
UEFA Champions League
Group stage
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Official websites
PSG.FR - Site officiel du Paris Saint-Germain
Paris Saint-Germain - Ligue 1
Paris Saint-Germain - UEFA.com
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. seasons
Paris Saint-Germain
City Limits is a 1985 post-apocalyptic action film written and directed by Aaron Lipstadt and is based on a story by Lipstadt & James Reigle. The film stars Darrell Larson, John Stockwell, Kim Cattrall, Rae Dawn Chong, John Diehl, Pamela Ludwig, Tony Plana, Robby Benson, Dean Devlin, and James Earl Jones.
Plot
In the near future a mysterious plague kills almost every adult and leaves behind "a world of orphans". Some fortunate few are raised by the surviving adults, including Lee (John Stockwell), who is taken in and raised by Albert (James Earl Jones) on his remote farm. Fifteen years later, Lee sets out for the nearby ruins of Los Angeles in the hopes of joining the Clippers, a famous motorcycle gang. Lee follows a convoy of trucks into a fenced off building, where he is noticed by Bolo (Norbert Weisser), who is overseeing operations. When workers begin to converge on Lee he flees on his motorcycle.
After defending himself against and fleeing from a hostile group of bikers known as the DAs, Lee makes his way into Clippers territory and meets their leader Mick (Darrell Larson) and his second in command Whitey (John Diehl). When Lee asks to join the gang he is rebuffed. Mick sends Yogi (Rae Dawn Chong) along to escort Lee safely to the city limits. The two are chased by the DAs when they discover one of the bikers who attacked Lee earlier has died from his injuries. Lee and Yogi manage to evade the DAs and head back to Clippers territory. Whitey and Mick debate turning him over to Ray (Danny De La Paz), the leader of the DAs, to preserve the "no guns, no killing" truce that exists between the two gangs, but Sammy (Don Keith Opper) offers a suggestion. When Ray arrives, Whitey proposes a test of combat between Lee and the DAs' best combatant to decide if he lives; Ray agrees. After he leaves Ray heads to the factory where he reports to Bolo, who tells him he will be sending one of his employees with him to the competition.
The next day the two gangs arrive for the competition. Before the fight begins Ray presents Wickings (Kim Cattrall), who introduces herself and Bolo as representatives of the Sunya Corporation, brought to L.A. at the behest of the Federal government. Wicking attempts to convince Mick to have the Clippers help with Sunya's efforts to restore the city, but Mick turns her down. The gangs proceed with the competition, pitting Lee against a female DA. Though initially surprised by the woman's fierceness, Lee ultimately defeats her without killing her as the Clippers leave victorious, Lee now officially a member of the gang.
Back at the Sunya factory Wickings unsuccessfully tries to convince Bolo and his boss Carver (Robby Benson) that the Clippers can be brought around. Bolo leaves the office to meet Ray, where he scolds the gang leader for failing to bring the Clippers on board, then gives him a gun. This is observed from the rafters by Whitey, but as he attempts to leave he nearly falls and is noticed. Bolo's men give chase and ultimately capture him, and Bolo executes him in front of Ray. Wicking leaves the office in time to see Bolo standing over Whitey's body. The next day she files an electronic report with the government accusing Bolo and Carver of violating company directives, specifically in using armed force to recruit workers, but receives a reply that the two have been authorized to use any and all measures they deem necessary. After being confronted by Bolo, Wickings returns to her quarters where she obtains a schematic of the facility's sewer system and uses it to escape.
As the Clippers prepare to have a funeral for Whitey, Bolo makes plans to ambush the group during the ceremony. Ray begs Bolo for one last chance to convince Mick; Bolo agrees, but readies his men anyway. At the funeral Ray attempts to reason with Mick, but instead starts a brawl between the DAs and Clippers. The brawl is cut short when Bolo and his men open fire on the Clippers, killing many and rounding up others to be used as slave labor. Mick is wounded, but he, Lee, Yogi, Frankie (Pamela Ludwig), Sammie, Ramos (Tony Plana) and a few others escape. Mick leaves for one last meeting with Ray, who tries to convince Mick to leave town as soon as he can. Bolo and a group of men arrives at the meeting and take custody of Mick, tipped off to its location by Ernie. Bolo tasks Ray with bringing Ernie back to the Sunya factory; Ray gives him a ride, but kills him along the way for his betrayal of his former friend. Bolo tortures Mick to reveal the location of the remaining Clippers, but before he can get the information the group arrives, rescues Mick and flees the city for Albert's farm.
The group spends time at Albert's farm recuperating, during which time Lee and Wickings become romantically involved. Lee and Mick form a plan to retake the city from Sunya. The group fix up their bikes, and head to the city, accompanied by Albert in his restored 1950s Cadillac. Wickings and Lee infiltrate the Sunya factory using the sewers, overpower the guard overseeing the captured Clippers' training, and frees the group, leading them back to their impounded motorcycles. The reformed Clippers head back for Sunya to finish the job, only to be stopped by the DAs. Rather than fighting them though, Ray allows them to proceed, and he and the rest of the DAs join the Clippers in their assault on the Sunya factory.
At Sunya, Wickings and Sammy disable the power, allowing the unified gang to attack in the confusion. Bolo arrives soon after, holding the two at gunpoint and turning the power back on. This allows a Sunya vehicle with a mounted machine gun to open fire on the gangs. The advantage is short-lived: assisted by Frankie, Albert takes out the vehicle using an explosive-laden remote controlled model plane. Sammy and Wickings make their escape while Bolo is stunned by the explosion, and Albert crashes a second explosive plane into Bolo, killing him. With most of Sunya's personnel fleeing or dead, Lee, Wickings, Mick and Yogi head for the main building to confront Carver. They find him, but Carver is unimpressed, calmly stating that even if he is killed, someone just like him or worse will be sent in his place. Before anyone else can act Ray drives into the office on his motorcycle, simply responding with, "no", before he crushes Carver between his desk and the wall, killing him.
In the aftermath, the Clippers and DAs unite, becoming the Clippers Corporation. Wicking assists in helping them petition the Federal government to grant them official control of the city, which the government accepts. Lee stays with the Clippers, while Albert returns to his farm.
Cast
Darrell Larson as Mick
John Stockwell as Lee
Kim Cattrall as Wickings
Rae Dawn Chong as Yogi
John Diehl as Whitey
Danny De La Paz as Ray
Don Keith Opper as Sammy
Norbert Weisser as Bolo
Pamela Ludwig as Frankie
Tony Plana as Ramos
Dean Devlin as Ernie
Robby Benson as Carver
James Earl Jones as Albert
Marcia Holley as Unfriendly DA
Alan Marcus as Unfriendly DA
Kane Hodder as Unfriendly DA
Sean Ryan as Chris
Catherine Harper as Young Clipper
Robert Otting as Young Whitey
Jennifer Balgobin as DA Warrior
Critical response
The Variety review praised about the depiction of a tribal society, the action scenes and the "vibrant" score yet considered the Sunya Corp. plot less convincing while TV Guide rated the film 2 out of 5 stars.
In popular culture
City Limits was featured on an episode of the cult television series Mystery Science Theater 3000, during which Crow T. Robot sang a song in tribute to actress Kim Cattrall, who appears in the movie. When Kim Cattrall saw the episode, she arranged for flowers to be sent to Trace Beaulieu, Crow's puppeteer. In a Q&A during SF SketchFest 2019, it was clarified that the flowers had actually been addressed to Crow rather than his puppeteer.
Release
City Limits was released in theatres on September 1, 1985. It was first released on video by Vestron Video sometime later. The film was later released on VHS in 1998 by Televista. City Limits was released on DVD on September 11, 2007, by Televista. The episode was featured on the MST3K Volume XXXVI DVD set on July 21, 2016.
References
Sources
External links
Trailer
Excerpt from said MST3K episode
1980s science fiction action films
American post-apocalyptic films
1984 films
American science fiction action films
Atlantic Entertainment Group films
American independent films
Films about viral outbreaks
Films shot in Los Angeles
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Matteo Lamberti (born 24 March 1999) is an Italian competitive swimmer. He competed at the 2019 World University Games, placing fourth in the 800 metre freestyle and fifth in the 1500 metre freestyle. At the 2021 World Short Course Championships he placed fourth in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay, swimming the anchor leg of the relay in the prelims heats.
Background
Lamberti was born 24 March 1999 in Italy. He is the son of Tanya Vannini and former world record holder in swimming Giorgio Lamberti. His brother, Michele Lamberti, is a competitive swimmer as well.
Career
2019–2020
In the final of the 800 metre freestyle at Piscina Felice Scandone in the 2019 World University Games, Lamberti placed fourth with a time of 7:58.29, finishing just two hundredths of a second behind the bronze medalist in the event, Filip Zaborowski of Poland. Earlier in the competition, Lamberti placed fifth in the final of the 1500 metre freestyle in 15:18.60. Later in the year, at the 2019 Italian Winter Championships in Riccione, Lamberti swam a personal best time of 15:13.40 in the 1500 metre freestyle, winning the bronze medal in the event. During the COVID-19 pandemic in October 2020, Lamberti had his training interrupted when he was one of a group of 10 Italian swimmers training together to test positive for COVID-19.
2021
At the 58th Settecolli competition in Rome in June 2021, Lamberti took third-place in the fastest timed final of the long course 400 metre freestyle with a time of 3:49.19 and fourth-place across all finals heats, achieving a time only 0.18 seconds slower than overall third-fastest swimmer Fernando Scheffer of Brazil. Later in the year, in November at the 47th Nico Sapio Trophy in Genoa, Lamberti finished with a time of 1:45.53 in the short course 200 metre freestyle, placing second behind fellow Italian Gabriele Detti by 0.2 seconds and ahead of his brother Michele Lamberti by 1.0 seconds. The same day, Lamberti won the 1500 metre freestyle with a personal best time of 14:38.96, dropping over 5 seconds from his previous best time swum in 2019. He also achieved a personal best time in the 400 metre freestyle the next day, finishing in a time of 3:41.28, which was a time drop of over 18 seconds from his previous fastest time of 3:59.68 set approximately four years earlier.
2021 Italian Short Course Championships
On November 30, the first of two days of competition at the 2021 Italian National Championships conducted in short course metres in Riccione, Lamberti won the silver medal in the 400 metre freestyle with a personal best time of 3:40.86. In the 200 metre freestyle, Lamberti won the bronze medal in a time of 1:44.54, dropping 0.99 seconds from his previous best time and finishing only behind gold medalist Thomas Ceccon and silver medalist Filippo Megli. For his final event, the 1500 metre freestyle, Lamberti won the gold medal in a personal best time of 14:38.45, finishing over a second ahead of the next-fastest competitor.
2021 World Short Course Championships
Lamberti, along with his brother Michele Lamberti, was named to the Italian team roster for the 2021 World Short Course Championships at Etihad Arena in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. On the fourth day of competition, Lamberti anchored the 4×200 metre freestyle relay consisting of him, Alberto Razzetti, Filippo Megli, and Marco De Tullio, with a split of 1:45.01 to finish the relay second in prelims heat one and qualify the relay to the final ranking second overall with a time of 6:56.52. For the finals relay, Thomas Ceccon and Matteo Ciampi substituted in for Lamberti and Marco De Tullio and the relay finished fourth with a time of 6:51.48.
2022
At the 2022 Italian National Championships in Riccione in April, Lamberti placed fourth in the 400-metre freestyle with a personal best time of 3:48.23. He also placed sixth in the 200-metre freestyle with a personal best time of 1:47.97.
International championships
Lamberti swam only in the prelims heats.
Personal best times
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Short course metres (25 m pool)
References
1999 births
Living people
Italian male swimmers
Italian male freestyle swimmers
Competitors at the 2019 Summer Universiade
The 1989–90 Courage Area League South was the third full season of rugby union within the fourth tier of the English league system, currently known as National League 2 South, and counterpart to Courage Area League North (now known as National League 2 North. It would be the last season the division would be known as Area League South and would be renamed as National 4 South the following year. Metropolitan Police won the championship winning nine of their ten league matches and were promoted to the 1990–91 National Division Three. Clifton (also promoted) came second, one point behind, and were the only team to defeat the champions. Only one team, Salisbury was relegated and they will play in South West Division One next season.
Structure
Each team played one match against each of the other teams, playing a total of ten matches each. The champions are promoted to National Division 3 and the bottom team are relegated to either London Division One or South West One depending on their locality.
Participating teams and locations
League table
Sponsorship
Area League South is part of the Courage Clubs Championship and is sponsored by Courage Brewery.
References
N4
National League 2 South
Obtained Enslavement was a black metal band from Stord, Norway. They formed in 1989 and decided to split up in 2000 because Pest moved to the United States, and they did not succeed in finding a new singer. The most notable members, Pest and Torgrim Øyre, have also been members of the black metal band Gorgoroth.
Discography
Demos
Obtained Enslavement (1992 demo)
Out Of The Crypts (1994 demo)
LPs
Centuries of Sorrow (1994 LP) CD re-issue by Vic Records 2011, plus the 2 demos
Witchcraft (1997 LP)
Soulblight (1998 LP)
The Shepherd and the Hounds of Hell (2000 LP)
External links
My Space fanpage
Norwegian black metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1989
1989 establishments in Norway
Musical groups disestablished in 2000
2000 disestablishments in Norway
Musical groups from Hordaland
Musicians from Stord
Lisowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately north-west of Prochowice, north-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Lisowice
Saifoudine Sanali (born 16 June 1995) is a Comorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the French club us le pontet grand avignon.
Sanali is a youth product of the PSG academy, and has spent his footballing career in the lower leagues of France.
International career
Sanali made his debut for the Comoros national football team in a 1-1 tie in the 2018 COSAFA Cup to Seychelles on 27 May 2018.<
References
External links
Comoros Football Profile
1995 births
Living people
People from Moroni, Comoros
Comorian footballers
Comoros international footballers
Association football midfielders
Comorian expatriate footballers
Comorian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Brown v. Kendall, 60 Mass. 292 (1850), was a case credited as one of the first appearances of the reasonable person standard in the United States tort law.
Factual background
Two dogs, belonging to the plaintiff and the defendant, respectively, were fighting and in the process of trying to break up the fight the defendant hit the plaintiff in the eye with a stick. In the trial court, the defendant requested that instructions be given to the jury about contributory negligence and a standard resembling the reasonable person standard, but the judge declined to give the instructions. The jury rendered a verdict for the plaintiff, and the defendant appealed.
Decision
The court reasoned that the defendant should only be liable if he was at fault. Fault should be determined by whether or not the defendant was acting with "ordinary care and prudence," a formulation of the reasonable person standard. The court determined that the lower court should have considered this standard when determining negligence and ordered a new trial.
References
United States tort case law
Negligence case law
1850 in United States case law
Massachusetts state case law
1850 in Massachusetts
Law articles needing an infobox
Albion: An Anthology is a 2009 compilation album by the English folk musician and composer Chris Wood and released on the Navigator Records label. The album features selections from many of Wood's solo contributions, each track remastered and personally chosen by Wood himself.
CD Track Listing
Personnel
Chris Wood – composition, author, arrangement
Andy Cutting – arrangement
Karen Tweed – arrangement
Ian Carr – arrangement
Hugo Morris – photography
2009 albums
Chris Wood (folk musician) albums
Tahlonteeskee is the name of several Cherokee, and one Creek Indian, during the period of the Cherokee–American wars. The name, (rendered into Cherokee as Ata'lunti'ski), has been translated as "The Disturber" or "The Upsetter".
People
Tahlonteeskee (Cherokee chief) (also sometimes written as Talotisky), Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation-West, 1817–1819
Tahlonteeskee (Cherokee warrior) an elderly member of the Cherokee peace delegation to Philadelphia in 1791
Tahlonteeskee (Creek chief) (or "Talotisky of the Broken Arrow") a Creek chieftain killed at the attack on Buchannan's Station, September 30, 1792
Settlement
Tahlonteeskee, Oklahoma, capital of the Cherokee Nation–West, near present-day Gore, Oklahoma
David Parry (1937 – 1 June 2022) was a British dialectologist. He received his education from the University of Sheffield and the University of Leeds; working at the latter school for the renowned dialectologist Harold Orton. He then taught dialectology for almost three decades at Swansea University.
Parry is best known for establishing the Survey of Anglo-Welsh Dialects (SAWD) at Swansea University. He founded the SAWD in 1968 with the aim of recording the "conservative forms" of Welsh English spoken in rural locations in Wales using the same methodology as the Survey of English Dialects (1950-1961). The survey analysed pronunciation, lexis, morphology and syntax based on interviews with informants in ninety locations, who were to be over sixty years of age. The results of the survey for south-east and south-west Wales were published as two volumes in 1977 and 1979. To these a companion volume on north Wales was added in 1991. After his retirement in 1995, dialectologist Robert Penhallurick succeeded him as custodian of the SAWD Archive.
References
1937 births
2022 deaths
Dialectologists
Academics of Swansea University
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Mali Otok (; , ) is a small village northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Elizabeth and belongs to the Parish of Postojna.
References
External links
Mali Otok on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
China Team is a yacht racing team formed in 2005. China Team first appeared in competition in the Louis Vuitton Cup 2007, the challenger series held prior to the America's Cup. They had an alliance with French team, Le Défi, increasing their access to craft and knowledge considerably.
In 2008, the team announced World Match Racing Champion Ian Williams as the new skipper and a majority of the French team has been replaced with a fresh group of sailors from five countries.
They competed in the Louis Vuitton Pacific Series in 2009 and will compete in the 2013 America's Cup.
Team profile
Headed by Chaoyong Wang, the China Team are in the process of rebuilding their program and have made numerous changes since America's Cup 32. Stuart James was originally brought in as Chief Marketing Officer, but has since been promoted to Executive Director. The team has added World Match Racing Champion Ian Williams as skipper and replaced most of the French Squad with a multinational contingent representing five countries and numerous America's Cups. The team still features five Chinese sailors with several more working their way through a development program.
The China Team's most significant win in the Louis Vuitton Cup in 2007 came with a surprise showing against America's Cup powerhouse BMW/Oracle. It would be China Team's first and only victory of the competition.
Under the direction of the new management team, Executive Director Stuart James, Principal Ian Charles Stewart and Skipper Ian Williams, entered the program into the 2009 Louis Vuitton Pacific Series. Expectations were low considering the team's poor results from the 2007 LV Cup and that the newly formed team entered the regatta with virtually no practice time.
After losing all four races in the first round robin, the team found their legs in the second round, winning all three of its races and moving into the elimination round against Italy's Luna Rossa. A victory against Luna Rossa would have set up a rematch from the 2007 LV Cup between China Team and BMW/Oracle.
Ian Williams managed to force the Italians into an early penalty prior to the start, but Luna Rossa led at the gun and through the first three marks. Luna Rossa was out in front by 135 meters when they started their penalty turn at the finish line. China Team quickly made up ground and the boats crossed the line side by side. The officials declared Luna Rossa the winner by one second or twenty centimeters.
China Team would finish the regatta in seventh place.
2009 Louis Vuitton Pacific Series roster
Jim Turner – Mid Grind
Mal Parker – Downwind Trimmer
Sean Couvreaux – Bow
Andy Fethers – Mid-Bow
Tom Burham – Pit
Mikkel Rossberg – Upwind Trimmer
Sean Clarkson – Main Trimmer
Ed Smythe – Traveler
Wang Jue - Forward Grind
Chris Main – Strategist
Mark Nichols – Pit/Runner
Richard Sydenham – Tactician
Simon Shaw – Navigator
Wearn Tan - Mast
Ian Gordon - Forward Grind
Matt Stewart - Aft Grind
References
External links
Official Website
America's Cup profile page
America's Cup teams
2005 establishments in China
InterConnection.org (IC) is an American 501(c)(3), non-profit organization headquartered in Seattle, Washington. InterConnection was established in 1999 by Charles Brennick. The organization's original focus was on developing and donating websites to non-profits in developing countries. The program soon expanded to include computer donations and technology training. In 2004 the InterConnection Computer Reuse and Learning Center opened in Seattle as a hub to serve both local and international communities.
Mission
InterConnection's mission is to make information technology accessible to underserved communities around the world. IC is founded on the belief that technology has the power to create opportunity for everyone. It is for this reason IC works diligently in the proliferation of information technology and training.
Activities
In pursuance of its Mission InterConnection manages and promotes a number of program activities. The following are four of InterConnection's main program activities:
Equipment collection
As technology advances many businesses, organizations and individuals find themselves with outdated computer equipment but no way to dispose of it properly. InterConnection's Computer Reuse and Learning Center, in Seattle, Washington, provides a location to properly dispose of old equipment in an environmentally friendly way. InterConnection accepts all computer equipment, regardless of condition. IC manages programs for both computer recycling and computer reuse. In 2007 alone, InterConnection kept 6,000 PCs out of landfills.
All donations received by (IC) are guaranteed to be handled appropriately; unusable equipment is recycled, viable equipment is refurbished and reused. This allows individuals, businesses and organizations to address e-waste issues in a simple environmentally friendly way. IC is a 501(c)(3); all donations are tax-deductible and secure. Donors are provided with the necessary tax-deduction documentation.
Refurbished computers
Computers refurbished by InterConnection's low-income volunteers are made available to under served communities around the world for a small sourcing fee. This program not only creates a training environment for local community members it also makes information technology accessible around the globe. InterConnection's refurbished systems create academic, professional and economic opportunity for people throughout the developing world. All of InterConnection's refurbished computers are upgraded and fully tested before shipment. IC also provides order customization at the partners request.
Internet services
InterConnection's original purpose was to design and host free websites for small organizations working in the developing world. Now, IC focuses primarily on its refurbished computer and training programs. However, InterConnection still provides organizations with free web-design, web-hosting and free email services. By helping organizations create a web presence, IC is able to improve organizations ability to communicate and connect with like minded groups and individuals around the world.
Partnerships
Computer recipients
InterConnection has supplied over 25,000 refurbished computers to organizations around the world. The following is information on just a few of InterConnection's computer recipients:
Partner organizations
References
External links
InterConnection.org – InterConnection's Homepage
KiroTV News – Spotlight on InterConnection
Seattle Weekly – Focus on InterConnection
UN Environment Programme – Faqs about E-waste
Non-profit organizations based in Seattle
Charities based in Washington (state)
Development charities based in the United States
Organizations established in 1999
Recycling organizations
Recycling in the United States
Computer recycling
1999 establishments in Washington (state)
Mr. Wu is a 1919 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Matheson Lang, Roy Royston, Lillah McCarthy and Meggie Albanesi. It was based on a 1913 play Mr. Wu by Maurice Vernon and Harold Owen. During the filming Albanesi became infatuated with Lang. The picture was made by Stoll Pictures, and was one of their first major successes. Lon Chaney played the title role in a 1927 remake. The screenplay concerns a Chinese Mandarin who murders his daughter.
Plot summary
A Chinese Mandarin murders his daughter after she falls in love with an Englishman.
Cast
Matheson Lang - Mr Wu
Lillah McCarthy - Mrs Gregory
Meggie Albanesi - Nang Ping
Roy Royston - Basil Gregory
Teddy Arundell - Mr Gregory
References
Bibliography
Sweet, Matthew. Shepperton Babylon: The Lost Worlds of British Cinema. Faber and Faber, 2005.
External links
1919 films
British silent feature films
1919 drama films
1910s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
British films based on plays
Stoll Pictures films
British drama films
British black-and-white films
1910s British films
Silent drama films
Chania High School was a public high school located in Thika, in the Central Province of Kenya.
History and operations
The school was formerly known as MP Shah High School until 1967 when it was renamed Chania High School. It used to have both girls and boys, both of whom could board at the school or commute to school every day. It was the only school in Thika that served a wide range of students from a diverse cultural, racial, ethnic and religious background.
The school split in 2000 to Chania Boys' High School and Chania Girls' High School to serve boys and girls, respectively.
The school motto was Esse Quam Videri, meaning "To be, rather than to seem (to be)".
See also
Education in Kenya
List of boarding schools
List of schools in Kenya
References
1967 establishments in Africa
1967 establishments in Kenya
2000 disestablishments in Africa
2000s disestablishments in Kenya
Boarding schools in Kenya
Co-educational boarding schools
Defunct high schools
Defunct public schools
Defunct schools in Kenya
Education in Central Province (Kenya)
Educational institutions established in 1967
Educational institutions disestablished in 2000
Thika
Robert Clayton Lanier (March 10, 1925 – December 20, 2014) was an American businessman and politician. He served as mayor of the city of Houston, Texas, from 1992 to 1998. At the time of his death, he was Houston's oldest living mayor.
Background
Born to working class parents in the refinery town of Baytown, Texas, in 1925, Lanier was a child of the Great Depression who was greatly influenced by Franklin Delano Roosevelt's policies. Lanier worked while attending college and started his career as a summa cum laude graduate from the University of Texas Law School in 1949. Initially employed by Baker & Botts law firm, Lanier practiced for a decade before switching gears to pursue a business career.
During that business career he worked in banking and eventually established himself as a major Houston real estate developer, focusing mostly on subdivisions and apartments.
Political career
In 1983, Governor Mark White appointed Lanier to the Texas Highway Commission, where he served as chairman until 1987. Lanier oversaw a $2.5 billion budget and directed the construction, maintenance and operation of the state's highway system. During this period, Lanier became an outspoken critic of a plan by Houston's Mayor Kathy Whitmire and METRO, Houston's public transit authority, to build a monorail system.
In April 1988, as part of a compromise with rail advocates, Whitmire appointed Lanier as chairman of Metro. As chairman, Lanier accused Metro staff of hiding studies that showed ridership of a rail system would be less than originally predicted and not as economically viable. Lanier resigned in December 1989 after learning Whitmire would not reappoint him because of his lack of commitment to building a rail system.
Lanier spent months searching for a politician who could knock the 5-term Mayor Whitmire out of office but ultimately, he decided to do it himself. In the 1991 Houston Mayoral election, Lanier challenged Whitmire and won on the promise of putting more police on the streets, abandoning the METRO rail plan, and diverting transit funds into paving roads and sidewalks. Lanier was reelected in 1993 and 1995. Term limits prevented his candidacy in 1997, enacted in 1991 and reinforced in 1994 by a grass-roots citizen initiative spearheaded by the conservative political activist Clymer Wright. As mayor, he was affectionately referred to as "Mayor Bob."
As mayor, Lanier's actions were guided by three core values:
That Houston should capitalize on its diversity
That his administration had to improve the city's infrastructure, particularly the inner city, and bring it to the level of the more affluent suburbs.
That public safety should be improved.
Achievements
Lanier's core values were translated into specific programs once he had taken office. By the time he had left office in 1997, he had achieved the following:
1,244 Police officers or their equivalents added.
Crime reduced by 246,323 major felonies compared to 1991 rate.
5,226 units of single-family housing assistance with down payment and closing costs . rehabilitated or repaired.
5,986 units of multi-family housing completed or approved by city council.
5,287 units of public housing completed or approved by city council.
1,600 homeless beds completed or approved by city council (not including units provided by Harris County in FY 1993 and FY 1994.
20,536 homeless persons and individuals with AIDS assisted.
of sidewalks constructed or initiated.
of hike and bike trails under design and planned.
of water and sewer lines to serve families without city water and sewer service.
of street overlay accomplished or initiated.
41,322 streetlights installed, 2,512 streetlights authorized for installation.
25,290 streetlights upgraded to higher quality lighting.
312,648 traffic control signs installed and maintained.
935 traffic signals and controllers upgraded.
2,673,348 potholes filled with 48-hour maximum response time.
of right-of-way mowed.
11,810 abandoned dangerous building units demolished by the city and an additional 3,714 buildings voluntarily demolished by property owners.
2,532 abandoned dangerous building units were secured by the city.
of roadside ditches cleaned and regraded.
50,918 lots mowed.
464,578 cubic yards of trash removed by the city.
of rehabilitated sewer lines completed or initiated.
of new sewer lines completed or initiated.
of water mains replaced or initiated.
The Bob Lanier Public Works Building in Houston is named after him.
The Texas NAACP presented him its Texas Hero award and he also received the Hubert Humphrey Civil Rights Award. His work in transportation earned him the National Auto Dealers' Award. His work in finance brought a Bond Market Association Award.
In 2000, he received the Leadership Houston Distinguished Service Award and the Urban Beautification Award from the American Horticultural Society. In 2002 he was inducted into the Texas Transportation Institute's Hall of Honor at Texas A&M University. In August 2007 he was also inducted into the Houston Hall of Fame.
Lanier was a founding member of Houston Community College, which he continued to support until the end of his life.
Mayor Lanier also headed the corporation that oversaw construction of the city's new Hilton Americas – Houston, the city's first convention center hotel – a project that started during his administration.
Until his death in 2014, Lanier continued to manage his real estate properties, lectured several times a year, oversaw the Lanier Public Policy Conferences at the University of Houston and participated in various civic, academic and political activities.
Personal life
Lanier and his wife Elyse lived in Houston, as do their seven children and 11 grandchildren.
On December 20, 2014, Lanier died at the age of 89 in Houston, Texas, from natural causes.
References
External links
Lanier, Robert "Bob" and Jim Barlow. Mayor Bob Lanier Oral History , Houston Oral History Project, January 8, 2008.
1925 births
2014 deaths
People from Baytown, Texas
University of Texas School of Law alumni
Mayors of Houston
Businesspeople from Texas
Texas Democrats
Texas lawyers
People associated with Baker Botts
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American lawyers
The Animex International Festival of Animation, VFX and Computer Games takes place every year in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire, England. The festival has its roots firmly planted in the creative side of the animation, visual effects and computer games industries and acts to provide animators, vfx artists, compositors, directors, students, artists, designers, writers and educators with a forum in which they can share their knowledge and skills and promote the art of animation and computer games development.
History
Animex was founded by university lecturers Chris Williams and Siobhan Fenton. It began as a two-day series of lectures by animators and industry professionals at the University of Teesside in February 2000, and has grown to a week-long festival incorporating the two-day event that began it all, Animex Talk. Animex Game was founded by Gabrielle Kent in 2004, creating another two days of presentations, this time by games professionals. Chris Williams remained director until leaving the university in 2012, at which point Gabrielle took over until 2018.
Animex today
The main venue for the festival is The University of Teesside.
The festival also runs an exhibition of animation and games art, an international student awards scheme, screenings, workshops and Animexperience, a programme of school and community events giving people the chance to try their hand at animation and meet industry luminaries.
Guest speakers in the past have included such industry professionals as stop motion legend Ray Harryhausen Pixar animator Mark Walsh, Bob the Builder designer Curtis Jobling, Phil Tippett, Nancy Cartwright, the voice of Bart Simpson, Blitz Games, Ernest W. Adams, Chris Crawford, Professor Stuart Sumida and representatives from games and animation studios around the world.
Animex was in part the inspiration for the Red Stick International Animation Festival in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Animex is run by a team of people, including animation and computer games lecturers within the University of Teesside as well as support staff.
Animex AVFX Coordinator - Chris Wyatt
Animex Game Coordinator - Matty MacGrory
Animex Exhibition - Stephen Murray
Animex Screen & Awards -
Animex Project Manager - Tim Brunton
Festival Founders - Chris Williams & Siobhan Fenton
External links
Animex official site
University of Teesside
Multigenre conventions
Animation film festivals in the United Kingdom
Film festivals in England
Festivals in North Yorkshire
Middlesbrough
fr:Animex
The 2000 Barangay Ginebra Kings season was the 22nd season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Draft picks
Transactions
Roster
Elimination round
Games won
References
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel seasons
Bar
Castle Project (or Castle for short) is an open-source application framework for CLI platform implementations (e.g., .NET Framework).
History
The project was founded by Hamilton Verissimo de Oliveira (aka "Hammett"), who was a member of the Apache Avalon and the Apache Excalibur projects. Keenly interested in the development of an inversion of control container, after he resigned from Avalon and became disillusioned with Excalibur, he went on to develop and release his own for the .NET platform.
Hammett was joined by other developers after publishing a series of articles on Code Project, and the Castle Project eventually expanded its mission "to provide a simple set of tools to speed up the development of common enterprise and web applications while promoting good architecture".
The Castle Project continues to gain acceptance and mind-share from the .NET community, including recognition from Microsoft thought leaders as a framework to assist with building "robust, extensible, working software".
In 2006, Hammett started his own company to offer commercial support for the Castle Project and for the applications developed using the framework. In August 2008, he joined Microsoft as a Program Manager on the MEF team.
On October 31, 2008, Hammett announced on his blog that the Castle Project had been split, and subsequently all subprojects would be maintained and released independently.
The first project to be released after the split was DynamicProxy, on May 4, 2009.
Features
MicroKernel, a core lightweight inversion of control (IoC) container.
Windsor, a flexible and powerful configurable Inversion of Control container suitable for enterprise requirements.
MonoRail, a MVC web application framework, inspired by Ruby on Rails
ActiveRecord, an implementation of the active record pattern built on top of NHibernate.
Aspect#, a simple aspect-oriented programming framework compliant with AOP Alliance recommendations.
DynamicProxy, a popular lightweight proxy generator for interfaces and concrete classes.
NVelocity, an improved fork from the official port of the Velocity template engine.
References
External links
Zen and the art of Castle maintenance
Oren Eini's blog
.NET programming tools
Web frameworks
The Cuban trogon or tocororo (Priotelus temnurus) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. It is endemic to Cuba, where it is also the national bird. Its natural habitats are dry forests, moist forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Naming
In English the bird is commonly known as the Cuban trogon, while in Spanish, it is referred to as the tocororo or tocoloro. This local name is onomatopoeic, and was derived from its repeated call, "".
Description
The Cuban trogon is very colorful with a green back, blue crown, red belly and beak, and white throat and chest. Its colors are similar to the ones on the Cuban flag, which is why it was chosen to be the national bird of Cuba. It has a long fluffy tail which is unique amongst trogons. From beak to tail, this bird is between ten and eleven inches. In flight, they travel in pairs creating a large amount of noise because of their rough, graceless flying technique. The birds don't domesticate well and will often die if caged.
Habitat
The Cuban trogon is very common and can be found all over the island of Cuba. The only places it is rare to see the bird is on the Isle of Youth, Guajaba, Romano, and Sabinal. They prefer wet and dry forests of all altitudes and like to be in the shade as opposed to the sun. The Cuban trogon nests in already created crevices in trees, primarily abandoned woodpecker holes, and feeds on flowers, fruits and insects. Unlike most birds, it is capable of hovering while eating.
References
External links
Drawing from A Monograph of the Trogonidae, 1858-1875.
Cuban trogon
Endemic birds of Cuba
National symbols of Cuba
Cuban trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ilija Vojinović (; born 5 August 1953) is a politician in Serbia. He was the mayor of Kikinda from 2009 to 2012 and served two terms in the Assembly of Vojvodina. Vojinović is a member of the Democratic Party (Demokratska stranka, DS).
Early life and private career
Vojinović was born in the village of Nakovo in Kikinda, Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, in what was then the People's Republic of Serbia in the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. He graduated from the Faculty of Pedagogy and Technology in Zrenjanin and later worked as a professor and director at the technical high school in Kikinda. He was at different times the director of JKP "6.Oktobar" Kikinda and the acting director of JP "Autoprevoz" Kikinda.
Politician
Local politics
Vojinović served two terms in the Kikinda municipal assembly before becoming mayor. From 1996 to 1999, during Paja Francuski's mayoralty, he was the president of the municipal assembly's executive board (i.e., effectively the municipality's first minister).
He was given the twelfth position on the DS's For a European Kikinda electoral list for the 2008 Serbian local elections. The list won fourteen mandates, and he was not initially included in his party's assembly delegation. (For this election cycle, all mandates were assigned to candidates on successful lists at the discretion of the sponsoring parties or coalitions, irrespective of numerical order.) The Serbian Radical Party (Srpska radikalna stranka, SRS) won a plurality victory and initially formed government under incumbent mayor Branislav Blažić. In October 2008, shifting political alliances brought the DS to power with Jagoda Tolicki succeeding Blažić in the mayor's office.
Tolicki later lost the support of many in her party and was removed as mayor. Vojinović was given a local assembly mandate on 17 June 2009 and, at the same session, was selected as Tolicki's replacement. He served in this role for the next three years. In late 2009, he started the process of having Kikinda formally designated as a city. Toward the end of his term, he apologized to Serbian human rights activist Nataša Kandić for a prior government's designation of her as persona non grata in Kikinda.
Serbia's electoral system was reformed in 2011, such that mandates in elections held under proportional representation were awarded to candidates on successful lists in numerical order. Vojinović appeared in the second position on the DS's list for Kikinda in the 2012 local elections and was re-elected when the list won eleven mandates. The DS again formed a local coalition government following the election; Vojinović, who was also elected to the provincial assembly and could not hold a dual mandate as mayor, he stood down from this role and was replaced by fellow DS member Savo Dobranić. The following year, the Democrats fell from power and a new local government was formed by the Serbian Progressive Party (Srpska napredna stranka, SNS).
Vojinović served as president of the DS municipal board after the 2012 election. The party was divided between two rival factions in this period, and opposition to Vojinović became particularly strong after the Progressives came to power. He was ultimately removed in late 2013. The party's board group in the local assembly eventually dissolved, and all of its members (including Vojinović) nominally served as independents. He did not seek re-election at the local level in 2016.
Provincial politics
The DS contested 2000 Vojvodina provincial election as part of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia (Demokratska opozicija Srbije, DOS), a broad and ideologically diverse coalition of parties opposed to Slobodan Milošević's administration. The DOS won a landslide victory in the election, and Vojinović, who was elected for Kikinda's first division, served with the government's majority. He was a member of the assembly's budget and finance committee and the committee on urbanism, spatial planning, and environmental protection.
Vojvodina adopted a system of mixed proportional representation for the 2004 provincial election. Vojinović appeared in the thirteenth position on the DS's electoral list; the list won fifteen mandates and was not selected for a mandate afterward. (As in the 2008 local elections, Vojinović's specific list on the list had no formal bearing on his chances of election.) He was not a candidate in 2008 but was again elected for Kikinda's first division in the 2012 provincial election. The DS and its allies won a strong plurality victory in this cycle, and Vojinović again served as a government supporter for the next four years.
For the 2016 provincial election, Vojvodina moved to a system of full proportional representation. Vojinović was given the sixty-fourth position on the DS's coalition list and was not re-elected when the list won only ten mandates.
Electoral record
Provincial (Vojvodina)
References
1953 births
Living people
People from Kikinda
Mayors of places in Serbia
Members of the Assembly of Vojvodina
Democratic Party (Serbia) politicians
The Nadisee is a lake with an integrated well system in the Olympic Village, in the Munich district Am Riesenfeld in the city district 11 Milbertshofen-Am Hart.
With an area of about , it is Munich's smallest bathing lake. The approximate extent in the north-south direction is , and in the east-west direction . It was built together with the Athletes village for the Olympic Games in 1972 and is located between Nadistraße and Connollystraße. The Nadisee, named after the road, which also referees to the Italian Athlete Nedo Nadi, is only knee deep and the water level does not go over an adults head at any point making it suitable for wading by children and families in summer and for ice skating in winter. Occasionally festivals take place at the lake. When the water is drained for cleaning, the empty concrete tub is used by mountain bikers and, of course, by skateboarders.
References
Lakes of Bavaria
Lakes of Europe
Artificial lakes
Buildings and structures in Munich
Night Eyes 4: Fatal Passion is a 1996 erotic thriller film directed by Rodney McDonald. It is the fourth film in the Night Eyes series. Like the previous films, it stars Andrew Stevens as security expert Will Griffith.
Synopsis
Successful psychologist, Dr. Angela Cross (Paula Barbieri), hires security expert Will Griffith (Andrew Stevens) and his partner, Steve Caldwell (Jeff Trachta), to install a security system in her house, after receiving several death threats. Steve and Angela begin a relationship, which eventually exposes some secrets from her past.
Cast
Paula Barbieri as Dr. Angela Cross
Jeff Trachta as Steve Caldwell
Andrew Stevens as Will Griffith
Casper Van Dien as Roy
References
External links
1996 films
1990s erotic thriller films
American erotic thriller films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by Rodney McDonald
1990s American films
Termitodesmidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Glomeridesmida.
Genera:
Termitodesmus Silvestri, 1911
References
Glomeridesmida
Sonia Abejón Esteban (born 1 August 1985) is a Spanish gymnast. She competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She currently trains the San Fernando de Henares Rhythmic Gymnastics Club in the city of the same name.
Career
Junior
She started in Rhythmic Gymnastics at the age of 5 at the Torrejón School of Rhythmic Gymnastics in Torrejón de Ardoz (Madrid). At the age of 13 he went to the C.G.R.D. San Fernando of San Fernando de Henares. She won a silver medal in rope and bronze in freehand and clubs in the 1997 Spanish Championship of Clubs and Autonomous Communities in Barcelona, and bronze in ribbon in the junior category in the 1999 Spanish Championship of Clubs and Autonomous Communities in Zaragoza.
Senior
In January 2001 she was selected to be part of the Spanish national rhythmic gymnastics group. Since then, she trained an average of 8 hours a day at the High Performance Center in Madrid under the orders first of Nina Vitrichenko then, since October 2001 of Rosa Menor and Noelia Fernández, and since 2004 of Anna Baranova and Sara Bayón. In the Trophy S.M. Margarita in Bulgaria, the group obtained 3 silver medals, both in the general competition and in the finals of 10 clubs and 3 ropes and 2 balls. Later, Abejón participated in her first official competition, the European Championship in Geneva. The ensemble obtained 7th place in the All-Around and in 10 clubs, and 8th in 3 ribbons and 2 balls. The group was made up that year by Abejón, Belén Aguado, Blanca Castroviejo, Bárbara González Oteiza, Marta Linares and Aida Otero. In July 2002, she competed at the World Championship in New Orleans, where the team finished 9th in the All-Around and 7th in the 5 ribbon final. The group for the competitions was made up that year by Abejón, Aguado, Castroviejo, Bárbara González Oteiza, Linares and Isabel Pagán.
By February 2003, the team won the three gold medals played in the Madeira International Tournament. In the Saint Petersburg's Pearls Trophy they achieved 3 bronzes. Later, in the Torrevieja Triangular Tournament, they obtained All-Around silver. In April 2003, the Spanish team competed in the Riesa European Championship, where they placed 6th in the All-Around, 7th in 3 hoops and 2 balls, and 8th in 5 ribbons. In September, they performed the World Championship in Budapest, once again achieving All-Around's 6th place, and thus obtaining the pass to the 2004 Athens Olympic Games. There they also ended 7th place in 3 hoops and 2 balls, and 6th in 5 ribbons. The group was made up at the beginning of the year by Abejón, Castroviejo, González Oteiza, Lara González, Pagán and Nuria Velasco, although Castroviejo retired in May, and Linares returned to the role.
In February 2004, at the Madeira International Tournament, the group won 3 silver medals. In the Pre-Olympic Games in Athens, held in March, they placed 6th in the All-Around. In April 2004, the group partecipated the Volga Magical International Tournament in Nizhni Novgorod, a Rhythmic Gymnastics World Cup event, where they placed 4th in the general competition, 5th in 3 hoops and 2 balls, and 4th in 5 ribbons. In May, at the World Cup event in Duisburg, they placed 4th in both the All-Around and apparatus finals, as well as the All-Around at the Varna event in July. In August, the Olympic Games in Athens took place, Abejón's only Olympic participation. The Spanish team obtained the pass to the final after achieving 8th place in qualification. Finally, on August 28, they ended in 7th in the final, for which she got the Olympic diploma. The group for the Games was made up of Abejón, González Oteiza, Linares, Pagán, Carolina Rodríguez and Nuria Velasco. Although they were part, as substitutes, of the national team that year, Lara González and Ana María Pelaz were also part of the national team, they were left out of the call for the Games, so their role was limited to encouraging their teammates from the stands of the Athenian pavilion.
Retirement
After the Olympic Games in Athens, Abejón retired from gymnastics. From 2006 to 2010 she returned to competition as a member of the District III Club of Alcalá de Henares. In the 2006 Spanish Group Championship in Vecindario, she achieved bronze in the youth category, thus obtaining the club to the first category. The following year, at the 2007 Spanish Group Championship in Granada, she achieved 8th place in the first category, and at the 2008 Spanish Group Championship in Zaragoza she also won bronze in the first category. In 2009 she participated in the Spanish Group Championship held in Valladolid and in 2010 in Logroño.
After leaving the national team, she has worked, among other professions, as a security guard, stewardess, administrative and rhythmic gymnastics coach, having the Level III of National Coaches. She also practiced Aesthetic Gymnastics for a time together with other former national gymnasts such as Nuria Artigues, Rebeca García, Sara Garvín, Bárbara González Oteiza, Lara González, Marta Linares, Isabel Pagán and Bet Salom.
Currently and since 2009, she coaches and is the technical director the San Fernando de Henares Rhythmic Gymnastics Club in the city of the same name, a club established in 1994 and in which she trained as a gymnast in the years prior to joining the national team. Her former teammate Marta Linares also coaches at this club. The M4 Sports Center in Torrejón de Ardoz has been named after her since March 23, 2015.
References
1985 births
Living people
Gymnasts at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Spanish rhythmic gymnasts
Olympic gymnasts of Spain
Gymnasts from Madrid
Gözübüyük, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Ayyanthole is an administrative and residential area situated in the City of Thrissur, Kerala, India. Ayyanthole is the 52nd Ward of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. Ayyanthole is the administrative center for the Thrissur District. Ayyanthole houses the various state governmental offices, as well as the District and Sessions Courts.
History
"Ayyanthole Ground" is the central point of the ward because it houses a football ground in its vicinity. The area is also called Karshaka Nagar, as homage to its rich agricultural history. Many of the native families have an agrarian background. Ayyanthole, as with other places in Kerala, used to hold large areas of Paddy cultivation. However, the rice farms have since become residential colonies. The residents are predominantly government servants. Ayyanthole has recently become one of the most popular residential areas in Thrissur, especially after the announcement of an international residential enclave nearby causing an expansion of housing development. Ayyanthole also houses the second indoor stadium of Thrissur, under the patronage of the District Officers club.
Before the formation of Thrissur Corporation, Ayyanthole was a Panchayat in Puzhakkal Block. It was merged with Thrissur Municipality to form Thrissur Corporation in 2000. Other Panchayats joined in the Corporation include Villadom, Koorkkenchery, Ollukkara and Ollur panchayats and parts of Nadathara and Kolazhy panchayats.
Education
The Government Law College, Thrissur is one of four runs by the government of Kerala is located in Ayyanthole. The college is affiliated with the University of Calicut and offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in law. The area's schools include Vocational Higher Secondary School, Government High School, Nirmala Convent Upper Primary School and Mata Amritanandamayi School. Apart from these Ayyanthole is very near to a number of educational institutions like Sree Kerala Varma College and various schools in Thrissur town. There are two libraries in Ayyanthole: Puthurkara Desiya Vayanashala and Appan Thampuran Memorial Library. Both libraries have been instrumental in fostering knowledge and cultural traditions in the local populace.
Medical Facilities
There are many state of the art medical facilities available at Ayyanthole. It has a super speciality hospital called West Fort Hospital, which has emergency services. There are also other medical clinics like Mother Hospital, Chandramathi Hospital and other smaller clinics. Numerous pharmacy shops are available but none of them are open round the clock.
Religion
Ayyanthole has a diversity of religious institutions: The Karthyayani, Sree Pannimkulamgara Lakshmivaraha moorthy Kshethram, Thrikumaramkudom Subrahmanya Temple, The Manathitta Mahavishnu, Manathitta Siva temple, Thenjithukavu bhagavathy Temple, Shri Thiruvanath Sri Krishna Temple, St. Mary's Catholic Church and a Mosque. The Karthyayani Temple is one of the prominent places of worship for Hindus in the area. Devi Karthyayani, the reigning deity, is believed to be the daughter of Nanda and Yasoda, who slipped away from the hands of Kamsa. The temple holds the annual Karthika Vilakku festival, as well as it is a participant of the equally popular festival of Thrissur Pooram. In Pannimkulangara Temple chief deity is Varahamoorthi the incarnation of Vishnu along with Goddess Lakshmi. Janmashtami is the main festival of this temple.
People from Ayyanthole
Sekar Ayyanthole Painter, art teacher and former president of Kerala Chithrakala Parishath
Rama Varma Appan Thampuran, popularly known as Appan Thampuran, well known Malayalam writer lived here. The house where he lived has been maintained by kerala Sahitya Academy and declared as a memorial to himRamavarma Appan Thampuran Memorial
P. Ramdas, First Malayalam Movie Maker of "Newspaper Boy"
N R Anil Kumar, Indian chess player
Varada Jishin, Actor
Tom Emmatty, Malayalam Movie Director
Other places of interest
Lulu Convention Centre is the largest in Kerala and the second largest in India is located at this place.
Sobha City Mall,
Sobha Developers Limited (Sobha Ltd.) a well acclaimed builders have announced to build a large housing project called Sobha City in Puzhakkal near Ayyanthole.
References
10. Cheloor The Eyrie Ayyanthole
See also
Thrissur
Thrissur District
Suburbs of Thrissur city
Stanley Waqa (born 28 April 1988) is a Fijian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 2000s. He played for the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League. His position is at prop.
Background
He played his junior rugby for the Guildford Owls. He was a member of the Roosters Toyota Cup team in 2008.
Playing career
Waqa made his first grade debut for the Sydney Roosters in round 11 of the 2009 NRL season against Penrith which ended in a 48-6 loss at Penrith Park. Waqa made nine appearances for the Sydney Roosters in 2009 as the club finished last on the table for the first time since 1966.
Controversy
In October 2009, Waqa was charged over a knife-wielding incident in which a young woman was wounded in Sydney's east. Police allege Waqa was arguing with a woman inside an apartment in Randwick. It is alleged Waqa then armed himself with a knife, and recklessly wounded the woman. The woman was taken to hospital suffering lacerations.
References
External links
NRL profile
1988 births
Sydney Roosters players
Newtown Jets NSW Cup players
Rugby league props
Living people
Fijian rugby league players
The Schaeffer Fire was a wildfire in the Kern River Ranger District of the Sequoia National Forest in Tulare County, California in the United States. It was caused by a lightning strike on June 24, 2017. The fire crept through the old burn area of the 2002 McNally Fire for several days before growing to over 580 acres on June 28. The fire was contained by August 10 and destroyed a total of .
Events
Reported, Saturday, June 24, at approximately 4:16 p.m., the Sacheffer Fire was created by lighting. Burning in the McNally Fire wildfire burn area, it was fueled by brush, timber and tall grass. Two fire personnel worked to put out the fire, which in total burned .
Smoke from the fire was seen throughout the Lake Isabella area. The fire caused the San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control District to alert a smoke advisory in the area.
The fire was contained at midnight on July 31, 2017. As of August 10, the repair work had begun.
See also
2017 California wildfires
References
2017 California wildfires
Wildfires in Tulare County, California
June 2017 events in the United States
July 2017 events in the United States
Mounia Gasmi (born 2 May 1990) is a Paralympian athlete from Algeria competing mainly in F32 classification throwing events.
Gasmi represented her country at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, entering both the F32-34 shot put and the F31/32/51 club throw events. She finished seventh in the shot put, but the best distance of 22.51 metres in the club throw saw her take the silver medal. As well as her Paralympic success Gasmi has qualified for four consecutive IPC World Championships winning one gold and three silver medals, two silvers in the shot put and a gold and silver in the club throw. Her distance of 25.07m at the 2017 World ParaAthletics Championships in London gave Gasmi her first World title.
She won the bronze medal in the women's club throw F32 event at the 2020 Summer Paralympics held in Tokyo, Japan.
Notes
External links
Paralympic athletes of Algeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Algeria
Paralympic bronze medalists for Algeria
Living people
1990 births
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Algerian female club throwers
Algerian female shot putters
People from Batna, Algeria
African Games bronze medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 All-Africa Games
World Para Athletics Championships winners
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
20th-century Algerian women
21st-century Algerian women
Michal Smolen (born Michał Smoleń, September 13 1993) is a Polish-American slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2008 for the United States.
He won a bronze medal in the K1 event at the 2015 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in London.
Smolen participated at two Olympic Games. He finished 12th in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. He qualified to represent the United States again at the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where he finished 5th in the K1 event.
Smolen's first major victory came at the 2014 Under 23 World Championship in Penrith where he won gold in the K1 event.
His father Rafał represented Poland in canoe slalom and his mother Agnieszka was a Polish national team handball player.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
Michal SMOLEN at CanoeSlalom.net
1993 births
American male canoeists
Polish male canoeists
Living people
American people of Polish descent
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic canoeists of the United States
Pan American Games medalists in canoeing
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Sportspeople from Kraków
Canoeists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Tepeköy, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The Welsh Thrasher faith scam was a scam that targeted people of faith, operating as a Ponzi scheme.
It offered the "marks" or targets a combination of a tax avoidance entity (a corporate sole) and a high return investment program or deposit in a fictitious bank or other enterprise. The proposition at the core of the scam was promoted by an Englishman named Howard Welsh and a native of Virginia named Lee Hope Thrasher. Welsh and Thrasher allegedly received US$31,000,000 from about 900 people who believed themselves to be bona-fide investors in so-called "Living Your Sole Purpose" entities.
The FBI had been searching for them for two years and had placed them on its most wanted list when they were arrested by Scotland Yard in late 2004.
They signed a plea agreement on 11 October 2006.
References
External links
Religion News Blog
Scam Risk Website
News 3
Confidence tricks
İhsaniye, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Souls Protest () is a 2000 North Korean film directed by Kim Chun-song. The film is an epic dramatisation of the Ukishima Maru incident in which hundreds of Koreans were killed when the ship was sunk by a mysterious explosion, and supports the Korean view that the explosion was deliberately set off by the ship's Japanese crew. It has been dubbed as "Korea's Titanic".
Souls Protest was imported to South Korea by Narai Film, a Seoul-based film trader, and was approved for release after five minutes of footage was cut which showed jubilant Koreans crediting Kim Il-sung with liberating Korea from Japanese colonial rule. The film was shown intact, however, for its Seoul premiere on 24 August 2001, the 56th anniversary of the incident. One survivor of the incident, Lee Chul-woo, said of the film: "I didn't like the propaganda stuff about Kim Il Sung... But the scene about the explosion was so real, and it is laudable for North Korea to make a movie about this incident."
Souls Protest was later screened at the 2003 Jeonju International Film Festival.
Notes
References
"Korean Titanic Amazes Moscow And Hong Kong Audience; To Be Exported to West" . People's Korea, 25 July 2001. Retrieved on 27 October 2008.
Rajpal, Minita. "North Korean Film Inspires Emotions, Questions" . CNN.com, 7 September 2001. Retrieved on 27 October 2008.
Cho, Grace M.. "Voices from the teum: Synesthetic truma and the ghosts of the Korean diaspora". The Affective Turn, pp. 151–169. Duke University Press, 2007. .
External links
2000 films
Films based on actual events
2000s Korean-language films
North Korean drama films
Anti-Japanese sentiment in Korea
Dogoni is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 361 square kilometers and includes the town and 12 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 15,186. The town of Dogoni, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 100 km north-northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Street Dance Girls Fighter () is a spin-off of South Korean dance survival program Street Woman Fighter that premiered on Mnet on November 30, 2021 and is scheduled to air every Tuesday at 10:20 PM KST. Female dance crews composed of high school-aged girls compete to become the top teenage dance crew. The winning crew receives a 10,000,000 ₩ scholarship, an opportunity to serve as an advertising model for financial services for teens, and the Street Dance Girls Fighter Trophy.
Cast
The program is presented by Kang Daniel
and the teenage dance crews are led by Crew Masters consisting of the participating dance crews and contestants from Street Woman Fighter.
*Bold - Leader
*[name]/[name] - both of these masters were present for their teams interchangeably
K-Pop Choreography Mission (Episode 5)
Hwang Sanghoon (SM Performance Director; Representative for aespa)
Monsta X (Hyungwon, Joohoney, I.M)
NCT (Taeyong, Mark)
Kwon Twins (YGX Dancers; Representative for Mino)
Itzy (Ryujin, Chaeryeong)
iKon
Final Mission (Episode 6)
Itzy (Ryujin, Chaeryeong)
Mamamoo (Solar, Moonbyul)
Kwon Eun-bi
Lee Dae-hwi (AB6IX)
Baek Ji-heon (fromis 9)
Missions
Mission 1: Entry Test
Each crew dances in front of the Crew Masters.
During the last 10 seconds of each performance, the Crew Masters must click their IN Button if they think the crew matches their standards.
If a crew gains at least 4 IN buttons, they will pass the entry test. If they have approval from all the crews, they will receive an “ALL IN”
Crews are given the chance to join the teams of Crew Masters that voted them IN, and be mentored by the Crew Masters.
If a crew receivse less than 4 IN buttons, they will be eliminated on the spot.
Key
Mission 2: Improvised Battle Mission
Master Crews with more than 2 teenage dance crews (HOOK, LACHICA, PRODWMON & YGX) will need to organise a battle among their own crews in order to select only 2 crews to move on to the next round.
Master Crews with 1 or 0 teenage dance crews (CocaNButter, WAYB & WANT) will fill their teams by selecting from the crews eliminated by the those with more than 2 crews.
Master Crews with only 2 teenage dance crews (HolyBang) are automatically filled and move on to the next round.
Teenage dance crews not selected by any Master Crews are eliminated
Part 1 : HolyBang
As only two crews selected HolyBang as their mentors, the team is pre-set and does not have to advance to a selection battle.
Part 2 : HOOK
In the first round, each crew is given 30 minutes to choreograph a routine that must incorporate the use of their own shoes as a prop.
The crew with the best performance gets chosen to join Hook, while the two runner-up crews have to battle one another in a dance-off.
The winner of the dance-off gets chosen to join Hook, while the rest are eliminated
Part 3 : LACHICA
The first battle is a dance cypher battle where songs play at random and a single member of any crew is given 40 seconds to freestyle to the particular song. Only 1 member representing their crew can step out at each time and no interference by other members can occur.
The crew with the best performance in the first battle is selected, while the two runner-up crews participate in a second battle where each crew sends out a representative to participate in a dance-off. Each representative is given 40 seconds to freestyle dance to the song played at random.
The winner of the dance-off is selected and the remaining crews are eliminated.
Part 4 : PROWDMON
The first battle is a dance cypher battle, where songs are played at random for 5 to 7 minutes. Each crew sends out a member to dance for as long as possible and the representative that impresses the most gets selected.
The second battle is a 1-on-1 battle against PROWDMON's member Lip J, and the winning representative with the best performance is selected.
The remaining crews are eliminated.
Part 5 : YGX
The first and only battle is a freestyle battle, where songs are played at random and each representative of the crew is given 40 seconds to freestyle dance. Only 1 member representing their crew can step out at each time and no interference by other members can occur. After 40 seconds, the song changes and the next representative steps out to dance.
The two representatives who impressed the most are selected along with their crews, and the remaining crews are eliminated.
Part 6 : CocaNButter
Of the 13 eliminated teams, two teams are selected by CocaNButter to participate in a dance cypher battle, where songs are played at random for 5 minutes and all members of each crew must take turns to step out and dance in that time.
The crew that impresses the most is selected to join CocaNButter.
Part 7 : WAYB
Of the 12 eliminated teams, 2 teams are selected by WAYB to participate in a dance-off which includes 2 rounds.
In the first round, the leaders of each crew are given 40 seconds each to freestyle to a song played at random.
In the second round, each crew can send out any member as a representative to freestyle to a song played at random.
The crew that impresses the most is selected to join WAYB.
Part 8 : WANT
Of the 11 eliminated teams, 3 teams are selected by WANT to participate in a dance-off where each crew can send out two members as a representative to freestyle to a song played.
Each crew are given 60 seconds each to freestyle to a song played.
The 2 crews that impresses the most are selected to join WANT.
Final Results
Mission 3: One Team Performance Mission
Before the mission the Remaining 16 crews will be ranked from the Best, Good, Middle, Low.
The Master's Crew Team will Work Together to make one performance
There will be Three-Part, The First and Second Part Will Be Deliberately Discuss on Which team will do the Part the Third and Last part is the Joint Part where one Crew choreography from each team will choose to performed all together
They Will Record their Performance with masks for anonymity and fair voting.
The Voting based on YouTube Likes (X 100) + YouTube Views of the Video Within 24 Hours since the Video Released
The Voting will count as 70% of the Overall Score, The 30% of the Score is based on the Master's Score, Were the Masters (Not their own) Will Judge each team.
The Overall Best Voting Score will Receive 700 Points while the Overall Best Judges Score Will Receive 300 Points thus the perfect score is 1000 Points
The 4 Master's Crew Team with the Highest Overall Performance Score will be saved to the Next Round
The 4 Master's Crew Team with the Lowest Overall Performance Score will go to the elimination battle (Similar to Street Woman Fighter)
1 Likes and views are counted from November 16, 2021 16:00~November 20, 2021 23:59 KST and are only counted through Mnet TV's official YouTube channel.
As the 4 lowest master's crew team, CocaNButter, WAYB, WANT, and LACHICA were chosen as candidates for elimination battle.
The first round is a crew battle and rounds 2 are 1 VS 1
In the 1 VS 1 rounds, each side dances for 40 seconds separately then 40 seconds together
At the end, the master's crew team determine the winner
Mission 4: K-pop Choreography Mission
Each Crew Will Make a Choreography for a K-Pop B-Side Song
The Winning Crew Team Will Choose Which Crew They Want To Battle With (However they cannot choose the crew from the same team)
If there are Two Crews in Each Team (YGX, HOOK, HolyBang & PROWDMON). The One Crew Team (LACHICA, WayB, WANT & Coca N Butter) Will Choose Which Crew is the Overall Best.
There Will Be Two Verse of the song, Each Verse Will Be Performed by Either Crew.
There will be a Switch Part, Similar to Street Woman Fighter they must teach the Switch Part to Each Group they're Competing
The Winning Team Will Be Chosen by The Rest of the Crew (Not the Crew They in) and a Special Guest, They Will Choose which crew who performed the best
The Crew Who Receive 4 or More Choose will be Passed to the Finale.
The Other Crew Who Receive 3 or Less Will Be Eliminated.
Mission 5 : Final Mission
Part 1 : Dance Challenge Mission
Each crew will create a performance and recorded their Key moves on TikTok as a Dance Challenge, the more people do the Challenge, the more Score they earned.
Part 2 : Performance Song Mission
Two crew will team up with an artist and create a performance for their song.
Part 3 : One Team Performance Mission
Each crew will create a performance that shows their true self and teamwork skill as one team.
Final Ranking
Viewership
Notes
References
External links
2021 South Korean television series debuts
Dance competition television shows
Korean-language television shows
Mnet (TV channel) original programming
Affinity analysis falls under the umbrella term of data mining which uncovers meaningful correlations between different entities according to their co-occurrence in a data set. In almost all systems and processes, the application of affinity analysis can extract significant knowledge about the unexpected trends. In fact, affinity analysis takes advantages of studying attributes that go together which helps uncover the hidden pattens in a big data through generating association rules. Association rules mining procedure is two-fold: first, it finds all frequent attributes in a data set and, then generates association rules satisfying some predefined criteria, support and confidence, to identify the most important relationships in the frequent itemset. The first step in the process is to count the co-occurrence of attributes in the data set. Next, a subset is created called the frequent itemset. The association rules mining takes the form of if a condition or feature (A) is present then another condition or feature (B) exists. The first condition or feature (A) is called antecedent and the latter (B) is known as consequent. This process is repeated until no additional frequent itemsets are found. There are two important metrics for performing the association rules mining technique: support and confidence. Also, a priori algorithm is used to reduce the search space for the problem.
The support metric in the association rule learning algorithm is defined as the frequency of the antecedent or consequent appearing together in a data set. Moreover, confidence is expressed as the reliability of the association rules determined by the ratio of the data records containing both A and B. The minimum threshold for support and confidence are inputs to the model. Considering all the above-mentioned definitions, affinity analysis can develop rules that will predict the occurrence of an event based on the occurrence of other events. This data mining method has been explored in different fields including disease diagnosis, market basket analysis, retail industry, higher education, and financial analysis. In retail, affinity analysis is used to perform market basket analysis, in which retailers seek to understand the purchase behavior of customers. This information can then be used for purposes of cross-selling and up-selling, in addition to influencing sales promotions, loyalty programs, store design, and discount plans.
Application of affinity analysis techniques in retail
Market basket analysis might tell a retailer that customers often purchase shampoo and conditioner together, so putting both items on promotion at the same time would not create a significant increase in revenue, while a promotion involving just one of the items would likely drive sales of the other.
Market basket analysis may provide the retailer with information to understand the purchase behavior of a buyer. This information will enable the retailer to understand the buyer's needs and rewrite the store's layout accordingly, develop cross-promotional programs, or even capture new buyers (much like the cross-selling concept). An apocryphal early illustrative example for this was when one supermarket chain discovered in its analysis that male customers that bought diapers often bought beer as well, have put the diapers close to beer coolers, and their sales increased dramatically. Although this urban legend is only an example that professors use to illustrate the concept to students, the explanation of this imaginary phenomenon might be that fathers that are sent out to buy diapers often buy a beer as well, as a reward. This kind of analysis is supposedly an example of the use of data mining. A widely used example of cross-selling on the web with market basket analysis is Amazon.com's use of "customers who bought book A also bought book B", e.g. "People who read History of Portugal were also interested in Naval History".
Market basket analysis can be used to divide customers into groups. A company could look at what other items people purchase along with eggs, and classify them as baking a cake (if they are buying eggs along with flour and sugar) or making omelets (if they are buying eggs along with bacon and cheese). This identification could then be used to drive other programs. Similarly, it can be used to divide products into natural groups. A company could look at what products are most frequently sold together and align their category management around these cliques.
Business use of market basket analysis has significantly increased since the introduction of electronic point of sale. Amazon uses affinity analysis for cross-selling when it recommends products to people based on their purchase history and the purchase history of other people who bought the same item. Family Dollar plans to use market basket analysis to help maintain sales growth while moving towards stocking more low-margin consumable goods.
Application of affinity analysis techniques in clinical diagnosis
An important clinical application of affinity analysis is that it can be performed on medical patient records in order to generate association rules. The obtained association rules can be further assessed to find different conditions and features that coincide on a large block of information. It is crucial to understand whether there is an association between different factors contributing to a condition to be able to administer the effective preventive or therapeutic interventions. In evidence-based medicine, finding the co-occurrence of symptoms that are associated with developing tumors or cancers can help diagnose the disease at its earliest stage. In addition to exploring the association between different symptoms in a patient related to a specific disease, the possible correlations between various diseases contributing to another condition can also be identified using affinity analysis.
See also
Association rule learning
References
Further reading
J. Han et al., 2006, Data Mining: Concepts and Techniques
V. Kumar et al. 2005 Introduction to Data Mining
U. Fayyad et al. 1996 Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining
External links
Examples of basic Market Basket Analysis using Excel
Data mining
The 2020 United States presidential election in North Dakota was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. North Dakota voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump from Florida, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence from Indiana against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden from Delaware, and his running mate Senator Kamala Harris of California. North Dakota has three electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump won North Dakota 65.1% to 31.7%, a margin of 33.4%, about three points down from his 36-point victory in 2016. North Dakota, a rural state covered in the Midwestern Plains, is one of the most reliably Republican states in the nation. It last voted for a Democrat in 1964, when Lyndon B. Johnson carried it against the backdrop of his nationwide landslide victory. Since 1964, the Peace Garden State has been competitive in only three elections: 1976, 1996, and 2008. A few prime reasons why this state votes heavily for Republicans include its older, majority-White populace; agribusiness; and the state's recent oil boom. In recent presidential elections, Bakken shale oil has been a major driver of conservative success in the state, as the oil boom increasingly fuels the economy of North Dakota. The main oil boom has taken place in the western counties—perhaps Trump's main base. Trump signed executive orders on his first month in office, reviving the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines rejected by the Obama administration. Despite Biden's modest improvement over Hillary Clinton four years earlier, this remains the second-worst Democratic performance in the state since 1980.
Joe Biden won the same two counties Hillary Clinton won in 2016: the majority-Native American counties of Rolette and Sioux, both of which have long been Democratic strongholds. However, Biden only came 2.7 points short of winning Cass County, which holds the state's largest city of Fargo, as compared to Clinton's 10.5-point loss in 2016. Biden became the first Democrat to win the presidency without winning Sargent County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1944 and the first without Benson, Ransom, or Steele Counties since John F. Kennedy in 1960.
Caucuses
Democratic caucuses
The North Dakota Democratic–NPL Party held a firehouse caucus on March 10, 2020.
Republican caucuses
The North Dakota Republican Party held a non-binding firehouse caucus on March 10, 2020, with incumbent President Donald Trump running unopposed.
The party will then formally select their 29 Republican National Convention delegates, unpledged to any particular candidate at the state party convention. The state party convention was originally scheduled for March 27–29, but due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic it was ultimately cancelled.
Libertarian nominee
Jo Jorgensen, Psychology Senior Lecturer at Clemson University
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Polls with a sample size of <100 have their sample size entries marked in red to indicate a lack of reliability.
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Amy Klobuchar
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
Electoral slates
These slates of electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidate win the state:
Results
Results by county
See also
United States presidential elections in North Dakota
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
North Dakota
2020
Presidential
Anametrisi (, Unmeasured, also under the name Dangerous Game ()) is a 1982 Greek mystery film directed by Giorgos Karypidis and starring Zoi Laskari, Aris Retsos, Stefanos Stratigos and Spyros Fokas.
Cast
Zoi Laskari ..... Anna Parisi
Aris Retsos ..... Konstantinos Mavros
Stefanos Stratigos ..... police officer
Spyros Fokas ..... Petros Parisis
Giorgos Sabanis
Nikolas Anagnostakis
Thomas Chalvatzis
Panos Iliopoulos
Paris Katsivelos
Dina Konsta ..... woman in black
Marika Nezer ..... aunt
Manos Tsilimidis
Ioulia Vatikioti ..... girl at the door
Filippos Vlachos
Awards
EKKA Awards for Best Longest Film at the 1982 Thessaloniki Film Festival.
External links
Anametrisi at cine.gr
1982 films
1980s mystery films
Greek crime drama films
1980s Greek-language films
Sadegh Varmazyar is an Iranian retired football defender who played for Iran national football team and Esteghlal FC. He also played for Iran national futsal team in the 1992 FIFA Futsal World Championship and 1996 FIFA Futsal World Championship.
Honours
National
FIFA Futsal World Cup
Fourth place: 1
1992
Club
Asian Champions League
Winner: 1
1990–91 with Esteghlal FC
Runner-up: 1
1991–92 with Esteghlal FC
Qods League
Winner: 1
1989–90 with Esteghlal FC
Azadegan League
Runner-up: 2
1991–92 with Esteghlal FC
1994–95 with Esteghlal FC
Third Place: 1
1995–96 with Esteghlal FC
Tehran Football League
Winner: 1
1984–85 with Esteghlal FC
Runner-up: 1
1989–90 with Esteghlal FC
1990–91 with Esteghlal FC
Third Place: 2
1988–89 with Esteghlal FC
1986–87 with Esteghlal FC
Iran Hazfi Cup
Winner: 1
1995–96 with Esteghlal FC
Runner-up: 1
1990–91 with Esteghlal FC
References
External links
Sadegh Varmazyar at TeamMelli.com
1966 births
Living people
People from Malayer
Iranian footballers
Iranian men's futsal players
Iran international footballers
Esteghlal F.C. players
Elmo Adab FSC managers
Iranian futsal coaches
Azadegan League players
Association football defenders
Footballers at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Iran
Aliante is a master-planned community located in North Las Vegas, Nevada. In 2001, American Nevada Corporation and Del Webb Corporation formed North Valley Enterprises, which purchased of land in the city and began construction of the community a year later, with the opening held in May 2003. Aliante is located in the city's northwestern area.
History
Mike Montandon moved to North Las Vegas in 1992, at a time when of land in the city, owned by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), was labeled for use as a future master-planned community. Montandon became the mayor of North Las Vegas in 1997, and pushed for the land to be sold as one contiguous piece. Approximately were auctioned in May 2001. North Valley Enterprises, a joint-venture affiliate of Del Webb Corporation and American Nevada Corporation, won the auction with a $47.2-million bid, at approximately $25,000 per acre. On August 13, 2002, North Valley Enterprises announced the 1,900-acre Aliante master-planned community.
The community was ultimately expected to include 7,500 homes and 20,000 residents. D. R. Horton, KB Home, Pardee Homes and Pulte, four of the top six home builders in the Las Vegas Valley, were scheduled to begin construction on the community's first 1,750 homes in October 2002, with sales starting the following month and a grand opening set for April 2003. Most of Aliante's neighborhoods would be priced between $130,000 and $200,000, while some larger homes, starting at , would sell for $270,000.
North Valley Enterprises was required to set aside 22 percent of its property for public and recreation purposes, as part of its development agreement with the North Las Vegas government. The community would include a trail system, a public 18-hole, 6,900-yard golf course, and of park land that would include an amphitheater, soccer fields and tennis and volleyball courts. Montandon said, "We had to walk that fine line between how much (land) we leave on the table for the developer and how much do we extract so the community of North Las Vegas benefits 10, 15, 20 years down the road."
The community was also to include two elementary schools and a middle school, all of which would be built by the Clark County School District. Property had also been selected for a fire station and a potential library. Aliante was zoned for of commercial property, which included for a hotel and casino to be located at Simmons Street and the Las Vegas Beltway. Montandon was initially against a casino being included in Aliante, but was later convinced that it was a good idea. Prior to Aliante's announcement, North Las Vegas had been considered the Las Vegas Valley's lower-class area, with a reputation for high crime.
Groundbreaking took place in August 2002. Aliante celebrated its official grand opening on May 3, 2003. At that time, Kilduff estimated that the community would take approximately five years to be entirely built out, contingent on demand. Aliante's first phase consisted of approximately 1,750 single-family detached homes, ranging from the mid-$100,000s to the upper-$200,000s. By the time of opening, the BLM was planning to auction the remaining over the next several years. Montandon said that Aliante would help retain residents once they become financially successful, saying, "One of the problems we have is that people move out of North Las Vegas when they have a little success." Montandon also said that for the first few years, Aliante would likely cost more money than it could generate in taxes: "Rooftops are a drain on resources, police, fire and parks. But then come the restaurants and grocery stores." At that time, it was expected that Aliante's casino would not be built for years. Construction began on Aliante's first commercial office building in September 2004, with a scheduled completion date in the second quarter of 2005. At that time, Aliante's first shopping center, anchored by a Smith's grocery store, was set to finish construction by fall 2005.
In 2004, Aliante was the sixth top-selling master-planned community in the United States. Among master-planned communities in southern Nevada, Aliante was rated number one for new home closings during the first quarter of 2005, with 355 recorded closings. Aliante later ranked number four on a list of the top five best-selling master-planned communities in 2005, but did not rank on the list for 2006.
Sun City Aliante
Sun City Aliante, an age-restricted 55-plus community by Del Webb, was completed in March 2003, and is located within Aliante. Sun City Aliante was the third best-selling age-restricted community in the Las Vegas Valley during the second quarter of 2003, with 130 closings averaging $181,198. Sun City Aliante became the third best-selling community of 2003, with 400 home closings.
Attractions and amenities
Aliante Casino and Hotel, a 211-room hotel and casino, initially opened as the Aliante Station in 2008.
Aliante Golf Club, a public golf course located in Sun City Aliante. The 65-acre course opened in December 2003.
Aliante Library, built at a cost of $5.2 million and opened on May 24, 2006. The Aliante Library was the second library to open in North Las Vegas, after the North Las Vegas Library opened more than 40 years earlier.
Aliante Nature Discovery Park, the main park in Aliante.
References
External links
Sun City Aliante website
Aliante Golf Club website
Las Vegas Valley
Planned communities in Clark County, Nevada
Populated places established in 2003
Del E. Webb buildings
A doghouse, also known as a kennel, is an outbuilding to provide shelter for a dog from various weather conditions.
Background
Humans and domesticated dogs have been companions for more than 15,000 years, beginning with the wolf and hunter–gatherers. Initially, dogs would inhabit the outdoors staying close to humans. Mud was used to construct the earliest known doghouses. Over the millennia crude doghouses were built from the scrap material that was available to owners at the particular time and place.
During the Industrial Revolution and economies of scale allowed manufactured doghouses to become a commodity that could be sold to the mass market. Mass production allowed manufacturers to improve the design and quality of materials used to construct a doghouse.
During the 1800s, the animal rights movement began creating legislation for animal rights and animal welfare. This allowed the creation of organizations like the humane society and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA), which have set standards of care for dogs that live outdoors including a properly designed doghouse that is structurally sound, weatherproof, insulated, of adequate size and appropriate for the dog's use, at all times. Municipalities enforce legislation to protect dogs living outdoors with the animal control service.
In modern times, a wide variety of materials are used to make doghouses, including: hardboard, hard wood, plywood, and plastic. Do it yourself (DIY) projects allow owners to construct the doghouse to their exact design specifications using the best possible materials for their dogs needs.
Gallery
See also
Animal shelter
Eddie's House
Kennel
References
External links
Ontario SPCA - Ideal Doghouse for Outdoor use in Ontario, Canada
Ron Hazelton's HouseCalls—Includes step-by-step video instructions and free blueprints for a custom doghouse.
Building a Small Dog House Includes detailed images with the construction process, as well as a list with the materials and tools needed for the project.
Buildings and structures used to confine animals
Dog equipment
The British Army Training Unit Kenya (BATUK) is a training support unit of the British Army located in Kenya. It provides a location for combined arms light role infantry battle group exercises, forward operating bases and engineering. It constitutes two key locations: Kifaru Barracks, which is a logistical hub within a Kenyan Army base in Nairobi, and Laikipia Air Base (East) in Nanyuki, which hosts the HQ and training ground.
Controversy has arisen due to allegations that British soldiers serving as a part of BATUK have been involved in criminal acts which have gained media attention in both Britain and Kenya, including murder, brawls, rape, sexual assaults, an alleged child kidnapping, environmental damage, fatal hit-and-runs, the sexual exploitation of Kenyan women, and deaths caused by the negligent handling of unexploded ordnance. No British personnel have been convicted, and some diplomatic disputes have arisen as a result.
History
Current status
The UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) maintains a longstanding Defence Cooperation Agreement with the Kenyan Government whereby up to six British infantry battalions (10,000 service personnel) per year may carry out four-week exercises on Kenya Ministry of Defence land at Archer's Post and in Laikipia County.
The exercises are run by BATUK from its base at Nyati Barracks in Nanyuki, 200 km north of the capital. In addition three Royal Engineers squadrons carry out civil engineering projects, while two medical company group deployments provide primary health care assistance to the civilian community. Britain offers training opportunities in the UK to the Kenyan military and conducts joint exercises with the Kenya Defence Forces (KDF). It also supports Kenya's struggle against Al Shabaab, including the deployment of British personnel to Somalia to provide the KDF with logistical support and contributions towards anti-terrorism training for the Kenya Police and border guards.
Controversy
Incidents of Sexual Assaults
Units attached to Batuk have been accused of multiple incidents of rape during the period between 1965 and 2001.
2013 killing of armed Kenyan intruder
BATUK has been the centre of several diplomatic disputes between the British and Kenyan governments. In 2013, a British Army sergeant fatally shot an armed Kenyan after believing they were intruding and preparing to commit theft. This escalated an ongoing dispute which centred around Kenyan jurisdiction over British personnel and whether or not they should be tried in Kenya for any violations of Kenyan law. The sergeant was confined to barracks for seven months whilst an investigation was underway, before being removed from the country. A similar incident occurred in 2011 but did not result in a fatality.
Unexploded ordnance and alleged abduction
Allegations have also been made that up to 50 Kenyans (mostly farmers) have been killed by unexploded British ordnance since 1945 and that British military equipment has been subject to large-scale theft by Kenyans. A 10-year-old Kenyan boy was also alleged to have been abducted by British troops after he had been injured by UK ordnance—an allegation which was strongly denied by the British government. Kenyan media has also alleged that British personnel have been involved in fatal hit-and-runs, mass brawls, and murder, but no individuals have been identified or prosecuted. The unresolved alleged murder of Agnes Wanjiru by a British soldier in 2012 resulted in family members launching legal action against the Ministry of Defence. The British government has contended that civilian injuries only occur when civilians illegally encroach onto the marked training areas and that any unexploded ordnance may also be left by the Kenyan Army which shares the training areas. In September 2015, talks between British Prime Minister David Cameron and Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta resulted in an agreement which clarified that British soldiers would be tried in Kenya—but not necessarily to Kenyan law—and that British military sites would be subject to Kenyan inspection. Additionally, increased training opportunities were to be offered to Kenyan troops.
Fire at Lolldaiga
In March of 2021, a fire was reported at the Lolldaiga Conservancy in Nanyuki during which five elephants and one calf were killed. The fire which was blamed on a military exercise by the 2nd Battalion, Mercian Regiment gained public attention after a Snapchat post by a British Army soldier.
In April 2022, a Daily Telegraph report claimed that British Army soldiers started the fire at Lolldaiga while allegedly "high on cocaine". According to the same news report, Judge Antonina Bore of the Kenyan High Court gave instructions that local residents and the environmental group, The African Centre for Corrective and Preventive Action (ACCPA), should seek a dispute resolution process with the British government.
Murder of Agnes Wanjiru
In October of 2021, a report in the Sunday Times alleged that a soldier attached to the Duke of Lancasters Regiment, stabbed and dumped the body of Agnes Wanjiru in a septic tank.
A legal inquest in 2019 by Njeri Thuku, principal magistrate for Nanyuki Law Court stated, “After the conclusion of the inquest, I have formed the opinion that Agnes was murdered by British soldiers.” Magistrate Njeri Thuku further wrote. “It may have been one or two. But what is certain was that it was British soldiers because they were dressed in their uniform. She went missing on March 31, 2012, and it is probable she died that night.”
In reaction to the report, the Kenyan Cabinet Secretary for Defence, Eugene Wamalwa acknowledged the incident during a meeting, in November 2021, with the National Assembly Committee of Defence and Foreign Relations.
The family of Agnes Wanjiru released a statement about their intention to sue the British Ministry of Defence over the alleged murder.
Infrastructure improvements
In 2015, the BATUK Infrastructure Development Programme began to improve the infrastructure of BATUK. Previously, the BATUK HQ, offices, stores and training support facilities were situated on land leased from the Nanyuki Agricultural Society, which had to be vacated each year to make way for an agricultural show. The BATUK Infrastructure Development Programme will establish new permanent facilities at Laikipia Air Base East (LAB(E)), a former RAF station which is now occupied by the Kenyan Air Force.
As part of the programme, a new barrack was opened in January 2021, located in Nanyuki, to be used for "something beyond just training".
British Army installations in Kenya
References
External links
British Army - Africa
Training units and formations of the British Army
Kenya–United Kingdom military relations
Military installations of the United Kingdom in other countries
Kenya and the Commonwealth of Nations
United Kingdom and the Commonwealth of Nations
eBay is a global e-commerce website launched on September 3, 1995. Each acquisition is for the respective company in its entirety, unless otherwise specified. The acquisition date listed is the date of the agreement between eBay and the subject of the acquisition. The value of each acquisition is listed in United States dollars because eBay is headquartered in the United States. If the value of an acquisition is not listed, then it is undisclosed.
As of September 2014, eBay has acquired over 40 companies, the most expensive of which was the purchase of Skype, a Voice over Internet Protocol company, for US$2.6 billion in cash plus up to an additional US$1.5 billion if certain performance goals were met. The majority of companies acquired by eBay are based in the United States. Most of the acquired companies are related to online auctions.
Acquisitions
See also
List of the largest mergers and acquisitions
Lists of corporate acquisitions and mergers
Notes
References
EBay
eBay
Jayu Qutta (Aymara jayu salt, quta lake, "salt lake", Hispanicized spelling Jayu Kkota) is a lake in the Oruro Department in Bolivia. It is situated west of Poopó Lake on the border of the sud Carangas Province (Santiago de Andamarca Municipality) and the Carangas Province (Corque Municipality). Ubicado en RosaPata Jayu Quta is about 3.4 km long and 2.5 km at its widest point.
See also
Kimsa Chata
Parina Quta
References
Lakes of Oruro Department
Makalom is a small uninhabited island in the Reef Islands, in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. The island is 350 m long and 60 m wide, and is located on the south-west side of an oval-shaped atoll 2.5 km long and 1.5 km wide, some 4.8 km WNW of Pileni Island.
See also
Desert island
List of islands
References
External links
Makalom on Solomonislands.com.sb
Uninhabited islands of the Solomon Islands
Jan de Momper, also known as Giovanni de Momper (16 August 1614 or 1617 - 1684/1704) was a Flemish landscape painter who, after training in Antwerp, had a successful career in Rome where he worked for an elite clientele. The artist was forgotten until his rediscovery in 1959. With his highly expressionist landscapes executed with a very free brush the artist occupies a unique position in the artistic panorama of Baroque Rome.
Life
Few details about the life of Jan de Momper are known with certainty. According to Italian sources he was born in Antwerp. This would indicate that he may have been a member of the extensive family de Momper, which specialised in landscape painting. The de Momper family was a prominent family of landscape painters and printmakers, originally from Bruges, which had settled in Antwerp in the 16th century. Some art historian have suggested that he was the Joannes de Momper who was born on 16 August 1614 as the son of the painter Jan de Momper (II) and Elizabeth van Hoeswinckel. Jan de Momper (II) was a brother of the prominent landscape painter Joos de Momper. He is identified by some art historians with the Joannes de Momper who was registered as an embroiderer in 1635 at the Antwerp Guild of Saint Luke as a 'wijnmeester', i.e. the son of a member. Jan likely left Antwerp in the late 1630s when the family de Momper's large studio collapsed after the death of Joos de Momper, the leading artist in the family.
In the year 1657 the artist was recorded in Rome in connection with a commission to produce 9 landscapes for the prominent Roman Doria Pamphilj family. Some of his works are still present in the Doria Pamphilj Gallery in Rome where the family's large art collection is currently housed. In 1661 he was a well-established painter in Rome, as evidenced by a very important order from another distinguished art loving family in Rome, the Chigi family. He had very likely already been working in Rome well before the first records of his presence in the city.
Jan de Momper is believed to have joined the Bentvueghels, an organization of mainly Flemish and Dutch painters active in Rome. It was the custom of the Bentvueghels to adopt a nickname, the so-called bent name, at the time a member was admitted. The bent name of Jan de Momper was 'Eervrucht' ('Fruit of Honour').
Jan de Momper was linked with the prominent Flemish battle painter Vincent Adriaenssen who was active in Rome. Jan's wife Agnes Vincentii, who died in Rome on 19 April 1684, was Adriaenssen's daughter. Adriaenssen was also his early mentor in Rome.
In 1684 Jan de Momper was recorded as working on the palace of the Chigi family in Ariccia. There is no further sign of life of Jan de Momper after the report on the death of his wife in 1684.
Work
Jan de Momper's name as a painter was virtually lost until the art historian Roberto Longhi brought together a series of landscapes characterized by a strong personality and remarkable freedom of brush under the notname "Monsù X". From an inscription on the back of one of those canvases, owned by the Chigi family, Longhi was able to identify the anonymous master as Jan de Momper.
Jan de Momper is known for his landscapes depicting coastal and river landscapes populated with contemporary figures and hunting scenes. The landscapes of Jan de Momper are characterized by their singular extravagance. The works are very personal and executed with great freedom of the brush and with strong contrasts. His compositions reveal a preference for the unfinished. His style demonstrates he was familiar with the landscapes of Rembrandt as well as the late works of Salvator Rosa. The freedom of his brushwork explains why some of his works have in the past been attributed to Goya or a follower of Goya and Alessandro Magnasco. Some of his views also call to mind Claude Lorrain's landscapes. The expressionistic talent of Jan de Momper made him a unique case in the artistic panorama of Baroque Rome.
Three of his landscapes are preserved in the Prado, to which they were transferred from the royal collection. The works were inventoried as de Momper but without indicating his first name, which had led to an attribution of the works to the more famous Joos de Momper. Another landscape attributed to the artist is the Grape Harvest in the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna. This work was originally attributed to an anonymous follower of Goya before it was reattributed to Jan de Momper.
References
External links
1614 births
Flemish landscape painters
Flemish Baroque painters
Painters from Antwerp
Jama Mosque is one of the biggest mosque in Himachal Pradesh located in Kotwali Bazar, Dharamshala, India.
History
The Jama Masjid in Dharamsala was built by Janab Ghulam Rasool in the year 1719 AD. The 1905 Kangra earthquake damaged the mosque and its dome. At that time, Ahle Islam committee took charge and renovated the damaged part of the mosque and people started offering prayers regularly.
Between 1947 and 1995, there was only one mosque in Yol cantonment where Salat-ul-jumuah (community prayer offered once a week at noon on every Friday) and Salatul Eieden prayers was organized. In 1995, the mosque Aman-e- Awam welfare committee was established and salah (obligatory five times prayer) continued in this mosque. In the same year, Imam Muhammad Kamil Jamie Sb was appointed and he continues to be the Imam of the mosque.
References
Mosques in Himachal Pradesh
Buildings and structures in Dharamshala
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1719
1719 establishments in Asia
Knowledge retrieval seeks to return information in a structured form, consistent with human cognitive processes as opposed to simple lists of data items. It draws on a range of fields including epistemology (theory of knowledge), cognitive psychology, cognitive neuroscience, logic and inference, machine learning and knowledge discovery, linguistics, and information technology.
Overview
In the field of retrieval systems, established approaches include:
Data retrieval systems, such as database management systems, are well suitable for the storage and retrieval of structured data.
Information retrieval systems, such as web search engines, are very effective in finding the relevant documents or web pages.
Both approaches require a user to read and analyze often long lists of data sets or documents in order to extract meaning.
The goal of knowledge retrieval systems is to reduce the burden of those processes by improved search and representation. This improvement is needed to leverage the increasing data volumes available on the Internet.
Comparison with data and information retrieval
Data Retrieval and Information Retrieval are earlier and more basic forms of information access.
Knowledge retrieval focuses on the knowledge level. We need to examine how to extract, represent, and use the knowledge in data and information. Knowledge retrieval systems provide knowledge to users in a structured way. Compared to data retrieval and information retrieval, they use different inference models, retrieval methods, result organization, etc. Table 1, extending van Rijsbergen's comparison of the difference between data retrieval
and information retrieval, summarizes the main characteristics of data retrieval, information retrieval, and knowledge retrieval. The core of data retrieval and information retrieval is retrieval subsystems. Data retrieval gets results through Boolean match. Information retrieval uses partial match and best match. Knowledge retrieval is also based on partial match and best match.
From an inference perspective, data retrieval uses deductive inference, and information retrieval uses inductive inference. Considering the limitations from the assumptions of different logics, traditional logic systems (e.g., Horn subset of first order logic) cannot reason efficiently. Associative reasoning, analogical reasoning and the idea of unifying reasoning and search may be effective methods of reasoning at the web scale.
From the retrieval perspective, knowledge retrieval systems focus on semantics and better organization of information. Data retrieval and information retrieval organize the data and documents by indexing, while knowledge retrieval organize information by indicating connections between elements in those documents.
Frameworks for knowledge retrieval systems
From computer science perspective, a logic framework concentrating on fuzziness of knowledge queries has been proposed and investigated in detail. Markup languages for knowledge reasoning and relevant strategies have been investigated, which may serve as possible logic reasoning foundations for text based knowledge retrieval.
From cognitive science perspective, especially from cognitive psychology and cognitive neuroscience perspective, the neurobiological basis for knowledge retrieval in the human brain has been investigated, and may serve as a cognitive model for knowledge retrieval.
Related disciplines
Knowledge retrieval can draw results from the following related theories and technologies:
Theory of knowledge: knowledge acquisition, knowledge organization, knowledge representation, knowledge validation, knowledge management.
Cognitive science: cognitive psychology, cognitive neuroscience, cognitive informatics, concept formation and learning, decision making, human–computer interaction.
Machine learning and knowledge discovery: preprocessing, classification, clustering, prediction, postprocessing, statistical learning theory.
Logic and inference: propositional logic, predicate logic, attribute logic, universal logic, inductive inference, deductive inference, associative reasoning, analogical reasoning, approximate reasoning.
Information technology: information theory, information science, information retrieval, database systems, knowledge-based systems, rule-based systems, expert systems, decision support systems, intelligent agent technology.
Linguistics: computational linguistics, natural language understanding, natural language processing.
Topics listed under each entry serve as examples and do not form a complete list. And many related disciplines should be added as the field grows mature.
References
Knowledge-oriented systems
Trefler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alan Trefler (born 1956), American businessman and chess player
Daniel Trefler (born 1959), Canadian economist
The Latin American Table Tennis Union (LATTU), or Unión Latinoamericana de Tenis de Mesa (ULTM) in Spanish, was one of the table tennis continental federations recognized by International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) before 2021. The ULTM was composed of 37 national or regional table tennis associations, working on the development of table tennis in Latin America.
In 2019, the ULTM and the Northern American Table Tennis Union (NATTU) founded Pan American Table Tennis Confederation. The Confederation was recognised by the ITTF as the continental federation, replacing both the ULTM and the NATTU in 2021.
Members
List of total 37 member associations:
- Anguilla Table Tennis Association
- Antigua and Barbuda Table Tennis Association
- Federación Argentina de Tenis de Mesa
- Aruba Table Tennis Association
- Barbados Table Tennis Association
- Belize Table Tennis Association
- Federación Boliviana de Tenis de Mesa
- Confederação Brasileira de Tenis de Mesa
- Cayman Islands Table Tennis Association
- Federación Chilena de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Colombiana de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Costarricense de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Cubana de Tenis de Mesa
- Curaçao Table Tennis Federation
- Dominica Table Tennis Association
- Federación Dominicana de Tenis de Mesa Inc.
- Federación Ecuatoriana de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Salvadoreña de Tenis de Mesa
- Grenada Table Tennis Association
- Federación Nacional de Tenis de Mesa de Guatemala
- Guyana Table Tennis Association
- Association Haitienne de Tennis de Table
- Federación Nacional de Tenis de Mesa de Honduras
- Jamaican Table Tennis Association
- Federación Mexicana de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Nicaragüense de Tenis de Mesa
- Comisión Nacional de Tenis de Mesa de Panama
- Federación Paraguaya de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Peruana de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Puertorriqueña de Tenis de Mesa
- St. Kitts-Nevis Table Tennis Association
- St. Lucia Table Tennis Association
- St. Vincent and the Grenadines Table Tennis Association
- Suriname Table Tennis Federation
- Trinidad and Tobago Table Tennis Association
- Federación Uruguaya de Tenis de Mesa
- Federación Venezolana de Tenis de Mesa
As members of ITTF but NOT affiliated to ULTM:
- British Virgin Islands Table Tennis Association
- St. Maarten Table Tennis Federation
Competitions
Continental and regional championships held by ULTM are as follows:
Latin American Table Tennis Championships
Latin American Table Tennis Cup
Latin American Youth Table Tennis Championships
Central American Championships, CONCATEME Cup
Central American Junior and Cadet Championships
Central American Minicadet (U-13) Championships
Caribbean Senior Championships
Caribbean Junior and Cadet Championships
Caribbean Mini-Cadet (U-13) Championships
South American Championships
South American Junior and Cadet Championships
South American Mini-Cadet (U-13) Championships
Competitions organized by ULTM members and other organizations:
Pan-American Minicadet (U-13) Championships
Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American Games
South American Games (ODESUR Games)
References
External links
Official website of the ULTM (in Spanish)
Table tennis organizations
Table Tennis
Table tennis in South America
Table tennis in Latin America
The Team relay competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 26 June 2022.
Results
The race was started at 13:00.
References
Team
Team open water
Egbert I () (died 11 January 1068) was the Margrave of Meissen from 1067 until his early death the next year. Egbert was the Count of Brunswick from about 1038, when his father, Liudolf, Margrave of Frisia, died. His mother was Gertrude, the sister of Pope Leo IX.
Egbert was the scion of the influential Eastphalian family of the Brunonen. He inherited the familial lands in Brunswick and from about 1051 he shared the chief authority in the region with the Bishop of Hildesheim. Egbert also extended his authority and estates into Frisia under the suzerainty of the Archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen.
Although closely related to the Salian dynasty, Egbert participated in the coup d'état of Kaiserswerth in 1062, whereat a group of nobles acting under Anno II, Archbishop of Cologne, tried to seize authority in the kingdom from King Henry IV and his regent mother, the Empress Agnes.
In 1058, Egbert married Immilla, the daughter of Ulric Manfred II of Turin, and widow of Otto of Schweinfurt. Egbert tried to repudiate Immilla shortly before his death in 1068. His only son, Egbert II, succeeded him in Meissen. His daughter Gertrude later brought Meissen to her husband, Henry von Eilenburg.
References
Sources
1068 deaths
Egbert 01
Medieval Frisian rulers
Brunonids
Counts of Brunswick
Year of birth unknown
Emil Safarov (; born on 30 October 2002) is an Azerbaijani football winger who plays for Gabala in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
Career
Club
On 21 August 2021, Safarov made his debut in the Azerbaijan Premier League for Gabala match against Keşla.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Azerbaijani footballers
Azerbaijan under-21 international footballers
Azerbaijan youth international footballers
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Gabala FC players
Mageiras () is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Sympoliteia, Achaea, Greece. It is located in the eastern foothills of the Panachaiko, 2 km south of Arravonitsa, 8 km southwest of Rododafni and 10 km west of Aigio. In 2011, it had a population of 55.
Population
History
Mageiras was founded between 1750 and 1770 by residents of the large village Tsetsevos which suffered from landslides at the time. Landslides also hit Mageiras in the 1930s. Mageiras was part of the municipality of Erineos from 1845 until 1912, of the community of Myrovrysi until 1919 and of the community of Aragozena until 1924. Mageiras was an independent community until 1977, when it became a part of the newly formed municipality of Sympoliteia.
See also
List of settlements in Achaea
External links
Mageira at the GTP Travel Pages
References
Aigialeia
Populated places in Achaea
The KNMI-mast Cabauw is a 213-metre-high guyed mast for meteorological measurements at Cabauw, the Netherlands.
In 1972 at Cabauw (06348) a 213 m high mast was specifically built for meteorological research to establish relations between the state of the atmospheric boundary layer (ABL), land surface conditions and the general weather situation for all seasons. The Cabauw mast is located in the western part of the Netherlands (51.971 °N, 4.927 °E) in a polder 0.7 m below average sealevel. This site was chosen, because it is rather representative for this part of the Netherlands and because only minor landscape developments were planned in this region. However, significant changes are the removal of the trees along a road east of the mast in 1975, and the building of houses in the village of Lopik east of the mast in more recent years.
The North Sea is more than 50 km away to the WNW. The nearby region is agricultural, and surface elevation changes are at most a few metres over 20 km. Within 40 km radius there are four major synoptic weather stations, among which is the regular radiosonde station at De Bilt (06260), ensuring a permanent supporting mesoscale network. Near the mast, the terrain is open pasture for at least 400 m in all directions, and in the WSW direction for 2 km. Farther away, the landscape is generally very open in the West sector, while the distant East sector is rather rough (windbreaks, orchards, low houses).
The distant North and South sectors are mixed landscapes, much pasture and some windbreaks. So the highest mast levels have in all directions a long fetch of landscape roughness which is usefully similar to the roughness observed in the lower surface layer. On the mast itself no undisturbed measurements can be made below 20 m. Therefore, auxiliary 20 m masts are installed to the SE and the NW at sufficient distance from the mast foot building. South of the mast is a well-kept observation field for micrometeorological observations, including soil heat flux, soil temperatures and various radiation measurements; north of the mast is a spare observation field. The soil consists of 0.6 m of river-clay, overlying a thick layer of peat. The water table is about 1 m below the surface, but can be higher during wet periods.
The mast is a closed cylinder of 2 m diameter, with an elevator inside. It is guyed at four levels, and carries booms at 20 m intervals in three directions. The 9.4 m booms can be swung up hydraulically, so that instruments at their ends can be handled from an upper balcony; this swivelling mounting allows much longer booms than the customary sideways-sliding construction. Permanent signal cables in the boom tubes run through the hollow swivel axis, so during boom motion they are only torsion-deformed, a more endurable load than bending. Built around the mast foot is a 200 m2 streamlined building for registration and maintenance purposes.
On top of the mast, a compact weather radar was installed in 2007, measuring precipitation up to a radius of 60 km around the mast.
References
In Higher Spheres; 40 years of observations at the Cabauw Site. Wim Monna and Fred Bosveld, 2013. KNMI-Publication 232
External links
Diagram at skyscraperpage.com.
Description at KNMI.
Current meterorological data.
Real-time weather radar measurement from the mast top.
See also
List of masts
Guyed masts
Communication towers in the Netherlands
Buildings and structures in Utrecht (province)
Lopik
Towers completed in 1972
1972 establishments in the Netherlands
Le Miroir à deux faces is a 1958 French drama film directed by André Cayatte who co-wrote screenplay with Gérard Oury, Jean Meckert and Denis Perret. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Bourvil and Ivan Desny. It was called The Mirror Has Two Faces in English, but this is not the literal translation; the word is à ("with") not a ("has"), and so would be better translated as The Two-Sided Mirror.
The film was loosely remade in the U.S. as The Mirror Has Two Faces (1996) adapted by Richard LaGravenese, and starring Barbra Streisand and Jeff Bridges.
Synopsis
Pierre Tardivet, a professor, marries Marie-José Vauzange, a sensitive and intelligent girl who is physically unattractive. Tardivet soon begins to treat Marie-José cruelly, making her life very unpleasant and joyless. Two children are born from the marriage. Then, Tardivet suffers a car accident and is tended by Dr. Bosc, a famous plastic surgeon. Bosc operates on Marie-José and transforms her into a beautiful woman. Tardivet then begins to treat her even more cruelly. He becomes embittered and hateful towards Marie-José because her changed appearance makes him think she is no longer his. Marie-José and her sister's husband, Gérard Durieu, want to elope and restart their lives, but they are stopped when Pierre Tardivet kills Dr. Bosc. This dramatic act recalls Marie-José to her duties as a wife and mother, and she renounces her happiness to tend to her husband and children.
Cast
Michèle Morgan - Marie-José
Bourvil - Tardivet
Ivan Desny - Gérard
Elizabeth Manet - Véronique
Gérard Oury - Dr. Bosc
Sandra Milo - Ariane
Georgette Anys - Mme. Benoit
Julien Carette - M. Benoit
Georges Chamarat - M. Vauzanges
Jane Marken - Mme. Vauzanges
Sylvie - Mme. Tardivet
Critical reception
Time Out wrote: "Interesting to re-view this in the light of the Streisand 'remake', though any resemblance are so superficial as to appear coincidental," and added that "Cayatte shows his customary relish for the unpleasant: the nightmare honeymoon in Venice is richly detailed and Sylvie sketches in the quietly venomous mother-in-law with her usual economy. If Streisand's film was quintessential '90s Hollywood feel good, this is equally characteristic '50s French astringency." TV Guide commented: "The filmmakers do a fine job of delving into the problems people face when a fairy tale-like transformation takes place, though the film suffers from an over-analysis of the situation. Also, Morgan is too glamorous to pull off the type of physical transformation that occurs."
References
External links
Le Miroir a deux faces at Films de France
Le Miroir a deux faces at Alice Cineme
1958 films
Films directed by André Cayatte
French films
1950s French-language films
1950s French films
Dakin may refer to:
People
Dakin (surname)
Dakin of Sennar (1568–1585/6), Sudanese ruler of the Kingdom of Sennar
Places
Dakin, a locality in Athabasca County, Alberta, Canada
Dakin Island, Western Australia; see List of islands in the Houtman Abrolhos
Other
Dakin (company), American manufacturer of stuffed animal toys
Dakin Building, office building in Brisbane, California, United States
Dakin's Solution
Dakin reaction, chemical reaction of phenolic aldehydes (or ketones) with hydrogen peroxide
Dakin-West reaction, chemical reaction that transforms an amino-acid into an amino-ketone using an acid anhydride and a base
See also
Dakins (disambiguation)
Michihisa Onoda (born 31 January 1978) is a former Japanese tennis player.
Onoda has a career high ATP singles ranking of 301 achieved on 11 October 2004. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 306 achieved on 26 April 2004.
Onoda has 1 ATP Challenger Tour title at the 2003 Busan Open.
External links
1978 births
Living people
Japanese male tennis players
Asian Games medalists in tennis
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Tennis players at the 1998 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Universiade medalists in tennis
Universiade bronze medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1999 Summer Universiade
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
Stray is an English hard rock band formed in 1966. Vocalist Steve Gadd (born Stephen Gadd, 27 April 1952, Shepherd's Bush, West London), guitarist Del Bromham (born Derek Roy Bromham, 25 November 1951, Acton, West London), bass player Gary Giles (born Gary Stephen Giles, 23 February 1952, North Kensington, West London) and drummer Steve Crutchley (born 1952) formed the band whilst all were attending the Christopher Wren School in London. Richard "Ritchie" Cole (born 10 November 1951, Shepherd's Bush, West London) replaced Crutchley in 1968. They signed to Transatlantic Records in January 1970.
The group's brand of melodic, hook-laden hard rock proved to be a popular draw on the local club scene during the early 1970s. However the band did not have commercial success with its record releases. At one stage Charlie Kray (brother of the Kray twins Ronnie and Reggie), was their manager. Gadd left the band in 1975 due to artistic differences and was replaced on vocals by Pete Dyer. The group's early musical style consisted of blues rock, acid rock and psychedelic rock. They then went on to join the hard rock and progressive rock movement.
The band served as the rhythm section alongside a string orchestra for the 1975 Jimmy Helms Pye LP, Songs I Sing. The original Stray finally dissolved in 1977, although Bromham later continued to play in various resurrected versions of the project well into the 2000s. By the 2010s the band had a settled lineup again, as well as Del Bromham, Pete Dyer returned and Stuart Uren (bass) and Karl Randall (drums) were regularly gigging as Stray. In November 2016, the band hosted a 50th Anniversary celebration concert (featuring all original members) at a sold-out London Borderline.
In 2019, Colin Kempster replaced Stuart Uren as permanent bassist and, for live gigs, the band was also joined by Simon Rinaldo on keyboards. After successful concerts in late 2019 and an acclaimed set at the annual Giants of Rock Festival in Minehead, Stray set out on a full joint headlining tour with Ken Pustelnik's Groundhogs in February and March in 2020.
In 2003, Stray were the support band to Iron Maiden on several of their European dates on the Dance of Death World Tour 2003-2004. These included dates in Spain, Portugal, Poland and France. There are two other Iron Maiden connections to Stray. "All in Your Mind" from Stray's 1970 debut album was covered by Iron Maiden and was included on the 1995 reissue of No Prayer for the Dying, and Maiden bassist Steve Harris's daughter Lauren has covered "Come On Over".
From late 2006 until early 2007, the band's back catalogue of eight studio albums issued originally during the 1970s, were re-released by the UK based Sanctuary Records in compact disc format. The new releases were remastered and had bonus tracks culled from single B-sides, studio outtakes and BBC broadcast sessions.
Discography
Albums
Stray (June 1970)
Suicide (March 1971)
Saturday Morning Pictures (February 1972)
Mudanzas (May 1973)
Move It (May 1974)
Tracks (compilation with previously unreleased outtakes) (1975)
Stand Up and Be Counted (June 1975)
Houdini (March 1976)
Hearts of Fire (December 1976)
Reflecting A Generation (compilation) (1977)
Live at the Marquee (live) (1984)
New Dawn (1997)
Alive and Giggin''' (live) (1997)10 (2001)Live: In Yer face! (live) (2002)Time Machine – Anthology 1970 – 1977 (double CD collection) (2003)Valhalla (2010)Live in Japan'' (live) (2014)
References
External links
Official website
English rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1966
Musical groups from London
Dawn Records artists
1966 establishments in England
Icon of Mani (; Icon of Mani) is a silk painting hanging scroll from the Yuan or Ming period, from the coastal area of southern China, depicting Mani. The portrait of the founder Mani has been completely Sinicized.
Discovery process
The black and white photo of this painting was originally published in the 1937 Japanese Oriental Art Periodical "Guo Hua", but did not give the location of the collection and other relevant information. According to the research of Hungarian Asian religious art historian Zsuzsanna Gulácsi, the painting has similar features to the Mani statue depicted in the "Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation". It should be an icon used by Manichae in southern China for religious worship. Originally it was not possible to verify the source, so it is generally believed that it was lost during World War II. However, the documentary linguistics professor Yoshida of Kyoto University discovered the original work of "Icon of Mani" at the Fujita Museum of Art in Osaka, Japan in 2019. Later, the painting was exhibited at the "National Treasure No. Fujita Museum Exhibition" at the Nara National Museum. "On public display.
Gallery
Comparison with the "Buddha of Light" statue
The comparison chart made by Zsuzsanna Gulácsi compares the details of the painting with the Mani statue in "Icon of Mani" and the "Buddha of Light" statue of Mani in Cao'an in Quanzhou.
Excursus
Eight silk hanging scrolls with Manichaean didactic images from southern China from between the 12th and the 15th centuries, which can be divided into four categories:
Two single portraits (depicting Mani and Jesus)
Icon of Mani
Manichaean Painting of the Buddha Jesus
One scroll depicting Salvation Theory ()
Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation
Four scrolls depicting Prophetology ()
Mani's Parents
Birth of Mani
Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work
Mani's Community Established
One scroll depicting Cosmology ()
Manichaean Diagram of the Universe
References
Chinese Manichaean art
Yuan dynasty art
Ming dynasty painting
Trevor Drayton (18 February 1955 – 17 January 2008) was an Australian winemaker, frequently described as an "icon" of the Australian wine industry. Drayton's Wines have been in the industry since 1853.
First educated at Cessnock High School, he studied oenology at the Roseworthy Agricultural College in South Australia, being dux in his final year there in 1978. His wine memberships include being president of the Hunter Valley Vineyard Association for four years and treasurer for ten and a member of the Winemakers' Federation of Australia's small winemakers' membership committee for five years.
Drayton died in an explosion at the Drayton's family winery in Oakey Creek Road, Pokolbin, in the Lower Hunter Valley region of New South Wales, Australia. The blast reportedly demolished a 20-meter brick wall and blew away parts of the building up to 50 meters. Both Drayton and a contractor, Eddie Orgo, were killed in the explosion. William Rikard-Bell survived suffering burns to more than 80% of his body; William continued working with the Draytons until 2011. It is believed workmen were using welding equipment when ethanol vapors contained in a large metal tank ignited, ultimately destroying the winery.
References
External links
Trevor Drayton
History of tragedy plagues wine dynasty
1955 births
2008 deaths
Accidental deaths in New South Wales
Industrial accident deaths
Rudi Scholtz (born 23 February 1979) is a former Namibian cricketer. Born in South Africa, he was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler.
Playing for the Namibia Under-19s, he performed in five matches in the 1998 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. It was in this world cup he managed to bowl one of the best Namibian bowling performance of 5/29 (10 Overs) against England who went on to win the U/19 World Cup. Three years later, he would play at senior level for the first time when representing his adopted country in the 2001 ICC Trophy, held in Canada.
External links
Rudi Scholtz at CricketArchive
Namibia national under-19 cricket team
1979 births
Namibian cricketers
Living people
South African emigrants to Namibia
Esther Denise "Woj" Hochman Wojcicki ( ; born May 26, 1941) is an American journalist, educator, and vice chair of the Creative Commons advisory council. Wojcicki has studied education and technology. She is the founder of the Palo Alto High School Media Arts Program in Palo Alto, CA., and the Co-Founder of TractLearning, Inc that publishes the website Tract.app a peer to peer, project-based, gamified learning platform for kids 8 years and over.
Early life and education
Wojcicki is the oldest of three children, and was the first in her family to attend college. Her parents were Russian Jewish immigrants who came to New York City in the 1930s. Her family moved to Southern California after she was born. Wojcicki was valedictorian of her high school class, and graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a B.A. in English and political science. She received a secondary teaching credential at the University of California, Berkeley, as well as a graduate degree at the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism. She has an M.A. in French and French history at Paris-Sorbonne University, and both a secondary school administrative credential and a M.A. in educational technology at San Jose State University.
Career
Wojcicki has taught at Palo Alto High School from 1984 to 2020, where she taught journalism and English. There she began the journalism program which has grown to become one of the largest in America. She has worked as a professional journalist for multiple publications and blogs regularly for The Huffington Post.
Wojcicki was the 1990 Northern California Journalism teacher of the year, and was selected as the California Teacher of the Year in 2002 by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing.
She served on the University of California Office of the President Curriculum Committee where she helped revise the beginning and advanced journalism curriculum for the state of California. In 2009, she was awarded the Gold Key by Columbia Scholastic Press Association in recognition of outstanding devotion to the cause of the school press. Wojcicki is also on the Board of Trustees of the "Developmental Studies Center" and on the Board of Governors of the "Alliance for Excellent Education".
She serves as Chairman of the Board of "Learning Matters" and is part of the Advisory Board at the THNK School of Creative Leadership. She is Chief Learning Officer to Explore Planet3, an exploration based science platform for middle school students.
She is on the board of the Newseum in Washington, D.C and the Freedom Forum. She holds an honorary doctorate from Palo Alto University (2013) and from Rhode Island School of Design (2016).
She is the founder of the Journalistic Learning Initiative at the University of Oregon School of Communications and School of Education (2016) www.journalisticlearning.com. She is the founder of the Moonshots in Education Movement (MiE) that can be found at www.Moonshots.org.(2017). In 2019 she was the author of the book How to Raise Successful People, a parenting book on the philosophy she used in raising her 3 daughters. Wojcicki discussed her life and the book on BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour in May 2019. She publishes a newsletter called "Woj's World News."
Wojcicki mentored Steve Jobs' daughter, Lisa Brennan-Jobs, in high school.
Personal life
Her husband is Stanford University professor of physics Stanley Wojcicki. They have three daughters: Susan (CEO of YouTube), Janet, a Fulbright-winning anthropologist, Assistant Professor of Pediatrics and researcher, and Anne (co-founder of 23andMe), and ten grandchildren.
Works
How to raise successful people : simple lessons for radical results, London : Hutchinson, 2019. ,
Moonshots in Education: Launching Blended Learning in the Classroom, Pacific Research Institute, San Francisco, 2015
References
External links
Esther Wojcicki's blog at The Huffington Post
ClassWish.org
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Schoolteachers from California
American women educators
American women journalists
Jewish American journalists
Journalists from California
Living people
Members of the Creative Commons board of directors
People from Palo Alto, California
San Jose State University alumni
UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism alumni
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
University of Paris alumni
1940 births
21st-century American women
Exhibit Columbus is a program of Landmark Columbus Foundation and an exploration of community, architecture, art, and design that activates the modern legacy of Columbus, Indiana. It creates a cycle of programming that uses this context to convene conversations around innovative ideas and to commission site-responsive installations in a free, public exhibition. It features the internationally sought after J. Irwin and Xenia S. Miller Prize.
The award-winning and critically acclaimed project has been credited with renewing the design legacy of Columbus, Indiana. After hosting its inaugural symposium, "Foundations and Futures," in the fall of 2016 and inaugural exhibition in the fall of 2017, symposia have occurred in 2018 and 2020 and exhibitions in 2019 and 2021. Exhibit Columbus has four key components: The Miller Prize, High School Design Team, University Design Research Fellowships, and Environmental design and Wayfinding.
The J. Irwin and Xenia S. Miller Prize
The Miller Prize was created to honor J. Irwin Miller and his wife Xenia S. Miller, two of the twentieth century's most significant patrons of architecture and design, and a "family whose visionary commitment to community remains unparalleled." The J. Irwin and Xenia S. Miller Prize is the centerpiece of both Exhibit Columbus's symposium and exhibition; recipients are international leaders selected for their commitment to the transformative power that architecture, art, and design has to improve people's lives and make cities better places to live. With this award, Exhibit Columbus brings studios' unique perspectives to Columbus to explore the traditions and values that have created this city's internationally renowned design legacy. Each studio is paired with a significant downtown site to create new forms that encourage a rediscovery of the site's purpose, while further connecting people to place and community.
In 2016 ten designers were paired at one of the five sites in a competition to see which team would be selected by a jury for the opportunity to build an installation in conversation with the past while exploring the future of design and fabrication.
In 2018 five studios were selected as Miller Prize winners from a short list. These studios were selected for their commitment to using art and architecture to improve people's lives and make cities better places to live. After the 2019 Design Presentations in January 2019, Wallpaper* declared that the exhibition "promises to celebrate women in architecture," and The Republic Newspaper indicated that the installations would lean heavily on landscape architecture.
2019 Exhibition
The 2019 exhibition participants were announced in the summer of 2018, and participated as speakers in the 2018 National Symposium: Design, Community, and Progressive Preservation. The exhibition opened on August 24 and ran through December 1, 2019.
The exhibition featured 18 site-responsive installations by architects, designers, academics, artists, and graphic designers. These designers created outdoor installations and experiences that used Columbus' built heritage as inspiration and context, while highlighting the role that visionary community plays in growing a vibrant, sustainable, and equitable city.
For inspiration, Exhibit Columbus looked to the 1986 exhibition, Good Design and the Community: Columbus, Indiana, created when Columbus business leader and philanthropist J. Irwin Miller became the first person inducted into the National Building Museum Hall of Fame in Washington. Mr. Miller chose to emphasize the community's process and involvement in building, rather than the architecture itself, as a source of his hometown pride.
Elaborating on the connection between the tangible and intangible culture that Mr. Miller described, the 2019 exhibition explored the idea of “good design in the community,” and what it means today.
2019 Miller Prize Recipients
The 2019 exhibition featured five J. Irwin and Xenia S. Miller Prize recipients:
Agency Landscape + Planning (Cambridge, MA)
Site: AT&T Facility, 1978, Paul Kennon of Caudill Rowlett Scott
Bryony Roberts Studio (New York, NY)
Site: Columbus City Hall, 1981, Edward Charles Bassett, Skidmore, Owings, and Merrill
Frida Escobedo Studio (Mexico City, Mexico)
Site: Cleo Rogers Memorial Library Plaza, 1971, I.M. Pei and Partners
MASS Design Group (Boston, MA; Kigali, Rwanda)
Site: Central Middle School, 2007, Ralph Johnson of Perkins + Will
SO-IL (New York, NY)
Site: Bartholomew County Courthouse Lawn, 1871-74, Isaac Hodgson
Washington Street Civic Projects
Borderless Studio (Chicago)
Extrapolation Factory (New York)
LA Más (Los Angeles)
People for Urban Progress (Indianapolis)
PienZa Sostenible (Mexico City)
University Design Research Fellows
These fellowships were created to showcase current research by leading professors of architecture and design and highlight innovative research that explores ways that architecture and design can improve people's lives and make cities stronger.
Viola Ago and Hans Tursack (Ohio State University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology)
Sean Ahlquist (University of Michigan)
Christopher Battaglia (Ball State University)
Sean Lally and Matthew Wizinsky (University of Illinois at Chicago and University of Cincinnati)
Daniel Luis Martinez and Etien Santiago (Indiana University)
Marshall Prado (University of Tennessee)
High School Design Team
Columbus' architectural legacy and its impact on the community started with investments made in the schools. The commissioning of innovative, well-designed educational facilities helped create what can be seen today: a quality, forward-thinking educational system. Inspired by J. Irwin Miller's vision, Exhibit Columbus seeks to connect the next generation of the Columbus community to its design heritage through the High School Design Team.
Environmental design and wayfinding
Thirst is designing a system that provides a cohesive experience that connects each installation.
The Environmental Design and Wayfinding of the 2019 Exhibition unified the many facets of the exhibition through a system of color-coded installation kiosks and an exhibition guide design by Thirst, with complimentary guides in the form of a Family Activity Guide designed by Rosten Woo, and the Hear/Here app created by Halsey Burgund. Exhibit Columbus considers Environmental Design and Wayfinding as the 18th installation as it forms a continuous language that serves to inspire, educate, and connect to Exhibit Columbus' purpose and the exhibition theme.
Publications, mobile app, and videos
Exhibit Columbus sought to provide an enjoyable and meaningful experience for all ages. The Family Activity Guide, designed by Rosten Woo, invited children and families to learn about and interact with the exhibition, as well as interpret Columbus' design heritage.
Hear/Here is an interactive location-based audio app that offers an aural exploration of the exhibition and invites visitors to upload their own voices. Historic audio clips, insights from community members, and interviews with exhibition participants come together in the Hear/Here app––creating a new way to interact with the exhibition and experience the city's design legacy.
2018 symposium
The 2018 symposium took place September 26 to September 29, and was created in partnership with Docomomo US, American Institute of Architects Indiana and Kentucky, and the Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields. The theme for the symposium was Design, Community, and Progressive Preservation, a title which recognizes the need to look for forward looking preservation plans in the future of cities. The Architect's Newspaper proclaimed that the symposium was "unburdened by the lack of old-school historic preservation and architectural history thought chains, and discussion instead focused on innovation, creativity, and participation over historical facts delivered by academics." Over four days about 1200 attendees experienced sessions in many of the historic buildings throughout Columbus. The symposium culminated with introductory remarks from the 2019 Miller Prize Winners.
2017 exhibition
The 2017 exhibition opened on 26 August and features 18 site-responsive installations in downtown Columbus. Funding from the project has come from a number of individuals, corporations, and foundations in the region, including the Ball State University, Cummins, Indiana University, Efroymson Family Fund, and the Graham Foundation for Advanced Studies in the Fine Arts. The eighteen installations on view during the inaugural exhibition were:
Miller Prize Installations
Five projects of architecture or art that are in conversation with one of the Miller Prize Sites;
Another Circle by Aranda\Lasch at Mill Race Park
Anything can happen in the woods by Plan B at the Cummins Office Building
The Exchange by Oyler Wu at the Irwin Conference Center
Wiikiaami by studio:indigenous at First Christian Church
Conversation Plinth by IKD at Cleo Rogers Memorial Library
2016 Miller Prize Finalists
Benjamin Aranda and Chris Lasch of Aranda\Lasch (Tucson, AZ and New York, NY)
Benjamin Ball and Gaston Nogues of Ball-Nogues Studio (Los Angeles, CA)
Herwig Baumgartner and Scott Uriu of Baumgartner + Uriu (Los Angeles, CA)
Rachel Hayes of Rachel B. Hayes Studio (Tulsa, OK)
Eric Höweler and Meejin Yoon of Höweler+Yoon (Boston, MA)
Yugon Kim and Tomomi Itakura of IKD (Boston, MA)
Sharon Johnston and Mark Lee of Johnston Marklee and Jonathan Olivares (Los Angeles, CA)
Dwayne Oyler and Jenny Wu of Oyler Wu Collaborative (Los Angeles, CA)
Joyce Hsiang and Bimal Mendis of Plan B Architecture & Urbanism (New Haven, CT)
Chris Cornelius of studio:indigenous (Milwaukee, WI)
2016-17 Miller Prize sites
First Christian Church (1942) by Saarinen and Saarinen
Irwin Conference Center (1954) by Eero Saarinen and Associates
Cleo Rogers Memorial Library (1969) by I.M. Pei and Partners
Cummins Corporate Office Building (1984) by Kevin Roche John Dinkeloo Associates
Mill Race Park (1992) by Michael Van Valkenburgh Associates with architecture by Stanley Saitowitz.
2016 Miller Prize Juried Presentations
On 10 December the 10 Miller Prize finalists presented their concepts to a jury that will decide the winners. The presentations took place at Columbus City Hall. The jury for the competition consisted of:
Sean Anderson, Museum of Modern Art
Lise Anne Couture, Asymptote Architecture
Jennifer Dunlop Fletcher, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art
Dung Ngo, August Editions
Jason Hatton, Bartholomew County Public Library
Mark Jones, Columbus Parks and Recreation
Brad Manns, Cummins Inc.
Larry Ruble, First Christian Church
Washington Street Installations
Five installations by designers selected by leading design galleries;
Columbus Circles by Productora
Pause by Pettersen & Hein
Theoretical Foyer by Cody Hoyt
Playhouse by Snarkitecture
Window to Columbus by Formafantasma
University Installations
Five installations created by architecture schools:
Ball State University R. Wayne Estopinal College of Architecture and Planning
The Ohio State University Austin E. Knowlton School of Architecture
University of Cincinnati School of Architecture and Interior Design
University of Kentucky School of Architecture
University of Michigan Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning
Plus an installation created by students in the Indiana University School of Art and Design;
High School Installation
Between the Threads by high school students from Columbus schools.
Image and Environmental Design
Street banners, way finding, and publications by Thirst, a Chicago-based graphic design company.
Iterations of installations
Many of the temporary installations from the exhibition have gone on to be exhibited in other exhibitions or at new sites.
Alchemy was exhibited as part of the 2018 Venice Biennale of Architecture.
Playhouse was exhibited as part of a retrospective for Snarkitecture at the National Building Museum in the summer of 2018.
Theoretical Foyer by Cody Hoyt was given to the City of Columbus by Patrick Parish Gallery.
2016 symposium
The 2016 symposium took place September 29 to October 1 and was entitled "Foundations and Futures." It featured a sold out keynote session with Deborah Berke, Will Miller, Robert A. M. Stern, and Michael Van Valkenburgh and sessions with experts on the history of Modern architecture, Columbus, Indiana, fabrication, and the community.
The symposium was billed as the first step to launch the first exhibition which is slated to take place in August 2017. All ten of the 2016 Miller Prize Finalists were featured in panel discussions. The 2016 symposium was recognized by NUVO as a "2016 Best Of Editors Pick."
Project development
Early planning work for Exhibit Columbus began in late 2014, and the project was officially launched on 5 May 2016 in Columbus as a program of Heritage Fund—The Community Foundation of Bartholomew County. It receives funding from a number of local and regional individuals, foundations, and corporations.
100 Variations
An exhibition was developed in the fall of 2014 as a pilot project that featured designer Jonathan Nesci who created 100 unique tables for an installation in front of First Christian Church. This exhibition, "100 Variations," was produced by Indianapolis-based curator, Christopher West with support from the Haddad Foundation, the Columbus Area Visitors Center, and the Columbus Museum of Art and Design. Each of the tables was made by Noblitt Fabricating in Columbus, Indiana under the leadership of Curt Aton.
Graphic identity
The Chicago-based graphic design firm, Thirst, was hired in 2016 to create the Exhibit Columbus identity with the goal of creating a system that was aligned with Paul Rand's designs in Columbus, along with Alexander Girard's work at the Miller House and Garden. This identity was immediately recognized with an award from the Society of Typographic Artists, and has gone on to considerable critical acclaim. The identity was primarily created by Rick Valicenti, a 2006 AIGA medalist and a 2009 National Design Award winner.
See also
ArtPrize
Chicago Architecture Biennial
Design Indaba
List of architecture prizes
Prospect New Orleans
Venice Biennale of Architecture
References
External links
Architecture festivals
Cultural conferences
Art awards in the United States
Awards established in 2016
Festivals established in 2016
Festivals in Indiana
Art biennials
Tourist attractions in Indiana
Culture of Columbus, Indiana
American architecture awards
Design awards
2016 establishments in Indiana
Design events
Art and design organizations
Architectural design
Architectural competitions
Isabelle Blume ( Grégoire; 22 April 1892 – 12 March 1975) was a Belgian left wing politician and teacher. She was awarded the International Stalin Prize for Strengthening Peace Among Peoples (later renamed the Lenin Peace Prize) in 1953.
Her grandson is professor and Shoah historian, Alain Goldschlager.
Life
Isabelle Grégoire was born in Baudour in Belgium in 1892 and first qualified as a teacher in 1911 in Liège. She then studied theology in Geneva. Her father had been a pastor and in 1913 she married a pastor named David Blume. Her husband became the Director General of the Belgian Public Libraries. They had three children.
Blume was political being both opposed to fascism and a feminist and she joined the Belgian Labour Party in 1918. She was active on the question of women's suffrage and their rights in general. In 1936 she was elected to the Chamber of Representatives to represent Brussels. During the war she was active in London.
In 1951 she attended the World Peace Council. She was awarded the International Stalin Prize for Strengthening Peace Among Peoples in 1953. She attended the Second World Congress of Champions of Peace and as result she was expelled from the Belgian Socialist Party in 1961. She remained as an independent in parliament after leaving the socialists. In 1961 she joined the Communist Party of Belgium serving on their Central Committee in 1966. She was President from 1966 to 1969 and this role introduced her to leading world figures including Indira Gandhi, Mao Zedong and Ho Chi Minh.
She died in 1975. She has three children including Jean Blume who is a journalist and politician. Her grandchildren include Alain Goldschlager a Canadian academic. Goldschlager was awarded the Knight of the Order of Academic Palms in 2014 for his support of the French language and he cites his grandfather David Blume who took a leading role in establishing libraries in Belgium, with inspiring his love of French.
References
External links
Isabelle Blume (1892–1975) (José Gotovich) at CARCOB-Archives Communistes
1892 births
1975 deaths
20th-century Belgian women politicians
20th-century Belgian politicians
Belgian Socialist Party politicians
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Stalin Peace Prize recipients
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Anti-war activists
European pacifists
Belgian socialist feminists
Belgian activists
Belgian communists
Belgian educators
Belgian feminists
Belgian women activists
Belgian people in the United Kingdom during World War II
Belgian women in politics
Sonbarsa is a village in Jagdishpur block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 1,244, in 201 households. It is located just northwest of the city of Jagdishpur.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
On June 29, 1995, the drinking water supply in Kharkiv, Ukraine was polluted due to flooding. Tap water was cut off in the city for about a month.
Chronology
On June 29, 1995, torrential rain flooded the streets of Kharkiv. The Dykanivka wastewater treatment plant was flooded as well, since it was designed to collect water from the city's storm drains along with sewage. This resulted in spill of polluted and untreated water into the nearby Udy River. To prevent further spillage, the local authorities stopped tap water supply for the entire city until water was pumped out of the flooded well and pumps were replaced. It took about a month to resume supply of treated tap water. During this period the local authorities established limited drinking water distribution to organizations (including hospitals) and the population. Drinking water was brought up by tank trucks to designated areas for distribution. Several international organizations including NATO provided assistance. This was the first instance of cooperation between NATO and Ukraine.
References
External links
"Environmental disaster shuts down Ukrainian city", Green Left Weekly, 2 August 1995
Engineering failures
1995 industrial disasters
History of Kharkiv
Water supply and sanitation in Ukraine
1995 in Ukraine
Environmental disasters in Ukraine
June 1995 events in Europe
Health disasters in Ukraine
20th century in Kharkiv
Lucenay-l'Évêque () is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Geography
The commune is in the far northwestern corner of the department, northwest of Autun.
The village lies in the Morvan massif, on the shores of the Ternin, a tributary to the Arroux.
See also
Communes of the Saône-et-Loire department
Parc naturel régional du Morvan
References
Communes of Saône-et-Loire
William Wood (1816 – 19 June 1872) was a British Whig politician.
Wood was first elected Whig MP for Pontefract in 1857, but stood down at the next election in 1859.
References
External links
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1857–1859
1816 births
1872 deaths
Manman may refer to:
Manman (software), a family of Enterprise resource planning software
Manman Brijit, Vodou goddess
Man Man, a band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
See also
Zhang Guoqing (; born August 1964) is a Chinese politician and former corporate executive who is the current CPC Secretary of Liaoning and former mayor of Tianjin, one of the four direct-controlled municipalities of China. An economics doctorate from Tsinghua University, Zhang had previously served as the mayor of Chongqing, the chief executive of North Industries, a military contractor.
Biography
Zhang was born in 1964 in the town of Lingshan, Luoshan County, Henan province. He studied electrical engineering at the Changchun Institute of Optical Mechanics (now Changchun University of Science and Technology) and graduated in 1985. After graduating, he pursued a master's degree from the Nanjing University of Science and Technology in international trade.
Zhang then worked at Norinco, a military supplier. He began work as a project manager, then worked in the company's operations in the Middle East, including a stint in the company's office in Tehran. He was promoted to Vice President in 1996, and by 1998, he had become the Communist Party Secretary of the company, first-in-charge. He also became Chairman of the Board of China Wanbao Engineering Ltd. In 1999, Zhang began work for the China North Industries Group Corporation as a Vice-President. By April 2004 he was promoted to chief executive of North Industries. During this time he also earned a doctorate in economics from Tsinghua University. Between September and November 2001 he took part in an executive management course at Harvard Business School.
In 2007, Zhang was named an alternate member of the 17th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party, and was one of the youngest members with a seat on the body (he was only 42 at the time). By 2012, China North Industries had secured a place in the Fortune Global 500. In 2012, he became a full member of the 18th Central Committee.
In April 2013, Zhang took on a political office for the first time in his life, and was named deputy party chief of Chongqing; three months later he also took on the role of president of the Chongqing party school, which is customary for deputy party chiefs of a jurisdiction. Along with Ma Xingrui, Zhang was the only provincial-level deputy party chief with a full seat on the 18th Central Committee. In December 2016, Zhang was appointed the acting mayor of Chongqing.
In December 2017, Zhang was appointed as the CPC Deputy Secretary of Tianjin. Later, he was appointed as Mayor in January 2018.
On September 1, 2020, Zhang was appointed as the CPC Secretary of Liaoning.
Zhang is seen as a promising candidate for the "6th generation of Chinese leadership". Compared to his contemporaries, Zhang's background is unusual in that much of his career was spent as a corporate executive rather than in politics.
References
1964 births
Living people
People from Xinyang
Changchun University of Science and Technology alumni
Nanjing University of Science and Technology alumni
Mayors of Tianjin
Mayors of Chongqing
People's Republic of China politicians from Henan
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Henan
Harvard Business School alumni
Tsinghua University alumni
Alternate members of the 17th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 19th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Vilmos Lázár de Szkáros (24 October 1817, Nagybecskerek (present-day Zrenjanin, Serbia) – 6 October 1849, Arad) was a honvéd colonel in the Hungarian Army. He was executed for his part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad. According to historian Gábor Bóna, he was from a family of Hungarian nobility of Armenian descent.
Life
Born into an Armenian-Hungarian noble family, Lázár began his military career in 1834 when he entered the service of the 34th infantry of the Imperial army. Emperor Ferdinand I commissioned him as a second lieutenant in the Hussar regiment, but in 1844 he retired from a military career and returned with his wife, Baroness Mária Revitzky to his estate farm in Zemplén. In 1847 he was the main cashier of the railway company.
As a result of the 1848 uprising, he volunteered his service into the Hungarian honvéd army. He became a lieutenant of the 39. Győr battalions on 19 October, and on 13 November he became the captain of the pioneer battalion. He participated in the organization of the pioneer staff and in January 1849 he served in the battalion of Mór Perczel. From 1 February on, he served in the rank of major as an adjutant of general Mihály Répásy. Representing the general, he participated in the assembly of Tiszafüred on 3 March where Görgei forced Dembiński to resign.
On 5 April Lázár was appointed as commander of a brigade stationed in Zemplén. His unit was responsible for securing the country's boundary with Galicia. At the end of the month the brigade was reassigned to the legion forming in Kassa (present-day Košice), Upper Hungary and he was promoted to a higher position. In the middle of June he became the commander of a division in the legion, which participated in the Dukla Pass battle's rearguard actions against a Russian Tsarist Army between 17-19 June. On 16 July he was promoted to lieutenant colonel and fought in the last battles of the war of independence. On 12 August, General Bem promoted him to colonel and instructed him to command IX. legion formed from the remainder of the Upper Hungarian corps. After the defeat Lázár led his troops to Lugos (present-day Lugoj), near Karánsebes (present-day Caransebeș). He split from Arisztid Dessewffy and headed towards Hátszeg (present-day Hațeg), but on 19 August along with the remainder of his legion (4,600 people) he had to lay down arms in front of the imperial troops.
Death
Although Lázár only attained the rank of colonel, as a separate corps commander in the War of Independence he was considered to have equal status with the generals in the Arad military court martial. He was sentenced to execution by firing squad, seen as merciful in comparison to death by hanging. He was among the first group executed.
His bones were uncovered in 1913 at the Arad fortress cemetery. His body was then laid to rest in the crypt with a monument to him as a martyr. His wife was Baroness Mária Revitzky, a widow with three children from her first husband, Jószef Halasy de Dévaványa (1784–1844). She died in 1873, in Budapest at the age of 62 while visiting her son-in-law, Imre Székely.
References
1817 births
1849 deaths
Military personnel from Zrenjanin
Hungarian people of Armenian descent
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
The 1977 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1977 NCAA Division I football season. The Bulldogs finished 5–6 on the field, but were later forced to forfeit the wins due to having played an ineligible player.
Schedule
Personnel
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Mohammad (‘Mo') Samimy is the John B. Nordholt Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering and the founding director of the Aerospace Research Center (ARC) at Ohio State University (OSU). He has made significant contributions towards the understanding of the physics and control of high-speed and high Reynolds number turbulent shear flows and jet aeroacoustics.
Samimy has published over 300 technical papers, co-edited a book, A Gallery of Fluid Motion, and has two patents on aircraft jet noise mitigation. He has served on national committees and editorial boards and has lectured in the U.S. and abroad.
Samimy is a fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the American Physical Society, and the American Association for Advancement of Science. He is a recipient of the OSU Distinguished Scholar Award (2011) and the College of Engineering Scott Distinguished Educator Award (2013).
Citations
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American mechanical engineers
Ohio State University faculty
American science writers
Ahmetler is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Comics in the Philippines () have been widespread and popular throughout the country from the 1920s to the present. Komiks were partially inspired by American mainstream comic strips and comic books during the early 20th century. The medium first became widely popular after World War II. Its mainstream appeal subsided somewhat during the latter part of the 20th century with the advent of other mass-media forms such as telenovelas, but experienced a renaissance in the mid-2010s with the increasing popularity of artists such as Gerry Alanguilan, Arnold Arre, Budjette Tan, Kajo Baldisimo, and the rise of fan communities through comic book conventions such as komikon. Webcomics produced by independent Filipino web-based artists have caught the attention of local and foreign readers.
The word komiks is simply the English word "comics," adapted to fit the orthography of native Filipino languages such as Tagalog.
History
Origins
While the first indigenous cartoons may be traced to José Rizal's illustration of the fable "The Tortoise and the Monkey" (1885), the origins of the mainstream komiks industry would not arise until after the Spanish–American War. Rizal's illustration did not incorporate the use of speech balloons; instead, the characters' conversation were written under the panels.
In the 1920s, Liwayway magazine began running comic strips under the direction of Romualdo Ramos and Tony Velasquez, such as the still-running Mga Kabalbalan ni Kenkoy (The Misadventures of Kenkoy). Velasquez is considered the father of Filipino comics.
Golden Age
During the World War II, American GIs brought comic books with them for entertainment. After the war, Filipino publishers began publishing material in the serialized comic book format.
Mars Ravelo created a number of Filipino superheroes, several of which had been adapted to multiple films and television series. His characters like Darna and Captain Barbell became sources of escapism and hope post-war. Ravelo also created Bondying and like Kenkoy, the word "bondying" has entered the Filipino language.
Pablo S. Gomez wrote for Pilipino Komiks and Tagalog Klasiks before founding PSG in 1963. Most of his works were adapted into films and television series, some of which are Inday Bote, Machete and Bunsong Kerubin.
Evolution
Originally inspired by American comic strips and comic books left behind by American GIs, the medium steadily diverged, and by the 1950s, drew more inspiration from other forms of Filipino literature such as komedya, as well as Philippine mythology. Many komiks were evidently inspired by specific American comics, such as Kulafu and Og (Tarzan), Darna (Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman), and D. I. Trece (Dick Tracy). The predominance of superheroes has continued into the modern day. However, other characters such as Dyesebel draw more from traditional folklore.
Breaking into the American comics scene
Filipino artists broke into the American comics industry in the 1970s, drawing for such companies as DC Comics, Marvel Comics, Pendulum Press, and Warren Publishing. The Filipino artists worked mostly on fantasy, horror, and Western titles, most actively in the period 1970– 1985.
Tony DeZuniga was the first Filipino comic book artist whose work was accepted by American publishers, paving the way for many others. Beginning in 1970, DeZuniga became a regular contributor to DC Comics' horror and Western titles. In 1971, DC editor Joe Orlando (who had first hired DeZuniga) and DC publisher Carmine Infantino traveled to the Philippines on a recruiting trip. Alfredo Alcala, Mar Amongo, Ernie Chan, Alex Niño, Nestor Redondo, and Gerry Talaoc were some of the Filipino komiks artists who went on to work for DC.
A similar trip to the Philippines by Pendulum Press editor Vincent Fago in 1970 led to a great number of Filipino artists working on the Pendulum Illustrated Classics series, which were black-and-white comic book adaptations of literary classics. Fago teamed with Nestor Redondo to recruit Filipino artists for Pendulum. In addition to the work of Redondo, who illustrated more than 20 books in the series, the Pendulum Illustrated Classics featured the artwork of Niño, Talaoc, Vicatan, Rudy Nebres, Jun Lofamia, Nestor Leonidez, and E. R. Cruz. (Redondo's brothers Virgilio and Frank also illustrated books in the series.)
At Marvel Comics, Steve Gan became highly regarded for his artwork on both Conan titles Conan the Barbarian and Savage Sword of Conan from 1974 to 1979. From 1975 to 1979, Tony DeZuniga organized a group of New York-based Filipino komiks artists who inked various Marvel comics under the collective pseudonym of "The Tribe." Members of the Tribe included DeZuniga, Alcala, Nebres, and Chuck Nanco. In 1977–1978, the group of creators — which now included non-Filipino artists like Ken Landgraf, Andre Gordon, and Ed Monji — became officially known as Action Art Studio, an operation co-owned and managed by DeZuniga and his wife Mary. Titles worked on by the group in 1975–1979 included Marvel Classics Comics, Conan, Ghost Rider, Master of Kung Fu, Nova, Sons of the Tiger, and Tarzan, as well as various specials and one-shots.
Beginning in 1978 and lasting until about 1983, the black-and-white comics magazine publisher Warren Publishing also utilized the talents of a number of Filipino artists, including Niño, Nebres, and Alcala.
From the mid-1980s on, fewer Filipino artists found work in the American comics industry, the exceptions being DeZuniga (co-creator of Jonah Hex), Chan, Alcala (who drew and inked for Swamp Thing and He-Man and who had the distinction of having his original comics, Voltar, published internationally), and Talaoc.
Popularity
At one point, between 33 and 40 percent of Filipinos read komiks, but this number has since dwindled somewhat due to competition from other media forms. More recently, comic artists have begun producing what is often called "Pinoy Manga," inspired largely by Japanese anime and manga, which have been widely available in the Philippines since the 1970s.
PhilPost released a series of national stamps based on komiks on November 15, 2004. Among those featured were Gilbert Monsanto's Mango Comics Darna #3, Nestor Redondo's Darna, Francisco Reyes' Kulafu, Francisco V. Coching's Lapu-Lapu, and Federico Javinal and Coching's El Vibora.
Modern Age
Characters and stories by Coching, Ravelo and Gomez are still being adapted into films and television series.
See also
List of Filipino komik artists
List of Filipino comics creators
List of Filipino komiks
List of Filipino superheroes
List of Filipino supervillains
References
Citations
Sources
The Philippine Comics Art Museum
Celebrating 120 Years of Komiks From the Philippines I: The History of Komiks, Newsarama, October 19, 2006
Celebrating 120 Years of Komiks From the Philippines II: The Future of Komiks, Newsarama, October 21, 2006
Lent, John A. (2009) The First One Hundred Years of Philippine Komiks and Cartoons. Boboy Yonzon.
Roxas, Cynthia and Joaquin Arevalo, Jr. A History of komiks of the Philippines and other countries, with contributions by Soledad S. Reyes, Karina Constantino-David, Efren Abueg; edited by Ramon R. Marcelino
External links
Original comic fable "The Monkey and the Tortoise" illustrated by Dr. José Rizal
"Kenkoy kick-started komiks" article
"Philippine Comics" The most comprehensive library of Filipino comics on the internet.
Comic strips
Philippine comics titles
Comic titles by country
Titles
Philippines
Comic strips by country
A Trussing needle is a needle about 20 cm long and about 3mm diameter, used for trussing (tying) poultry (such as chicken, duck, or turkey) for cooking.
This is so that the bird is easier to manipulate, keep its shape, and roast evenly. A trussing needle can be used to truss more traditional poultry such as chicken or turkey, but it can also be used effectively for trussing game birds like partridge. It is also possible to truss a bird without a needle as well. There are several benefits to trussing chicken, duck, or turkey. In an untrussed bird, heat circulates in the open cavity and cooks the breasts from the inside, so they're done well before the thighs and legs. There are several different types of trussing methods which can be selected based on the type of bird and the recipe being used. One traditional trussing method employs a very long trussing needle threaded with kitchen string. This technique is used to sew up the tail vent, as well as run string through the bird from side-to-side to complete the binding. Another technique uses only a single length of kitchen string, a few simple, fluid movements, and only three knots tied along the way.
References
Food preparation utensils
Bogdanovo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Bogdanovsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 454 as of 2010. There are 10 streets.
Geography
Bogdanovo is located 26 km southeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Starotimkino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Kemerağzı, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Mark Schuster is the Founding Dean and CEO of the Kaiser Permanente Bernard J. Tyson School of Medicine located in Pasadena, California. Schuster assumed his position in 2017, and the school opened in July 2020. Schuster is a physician-scientist known for his work on child, adolescent, and family health.
Education
Schuster was born in Baltimore, Maryland and attended the Gilman School. He studied history at Yale University, receiving his B.A. summa cum laude in 1981. In 1988, Schuster obtained his MD and MPP degrees from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard Kennedy School of Government. His master's thesis addressed HIV among injection drug users in Boston. His thesis advisors were Thomas Schelling and Mark Schlesinger. Schuster completed his residency in pediatrics at Boston Children's Hospital before beginning his PhD at the Pardee RAND Graduate School while a Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholar at UCLA. Schuster's PhD dissertation studied adolescent sexuality and risk prevention and was presented in 1994. His dissertation committee included Robert Bell, Robert Brook, Phyllis Ellickson, and David Kanouse (Chair).
Career
Schuster has co-authored over 250 journal articles and two books: Everything You Never Wanted Your Kids to Know About Sex (but Were Afraid They'd Ask): The Secrets to Surviving Your Child's Sexual Development from Birth to the Teens and Child Rearing in America: Challenges Facing Parents of Young Children. With funding from NIH, AHRQ, and CDC, he has conducted research on topics such as quality of care, health disparities, paid family leave, adolescent sexual health, obesity prevention, HIV prevention, and bullying.
From 1995 – 2007, Schuster was a faculty member at UCLA and reached the level of professor of pediatrics and of health services at the UCLA Schools of Medicine and Public Health. While there, he was also a Senior Natural Scientist at RAND, where he founded and led the UCLA/RAND Health Promotion and Disease Prevention research center and held the RAND Distinguished Chair in Health Promotion. From 2007 - 2017, Schuster served as the William Berenberg Professor of Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School and as the Chief of General Pediatrics and Vice Chair for Health Policy in the Department of Medicine at Boston Children's Hospital. Schuster was the founding director of the Center of Excellence for Pediatric Quality Measurement at Boston Children's Hospital, funded by AHRQ and CMS. Schuster joined Kaiser Permanente Bernard J. Tyson School of Medicine in 2017 and is overseeing the development of a new school that will use many of the most innovative and effective educational practices available today to provide future physicians with the knowledge and skills needed to help transform healthcare and help people from all backgrounds and settings thrive.
Schuster is an active voice in research and advocacy on LGBTQ+ health and LGBTQ+ representation in medicine. His published speech, On Being Gay in Medicine, has been widely circulated and used as a teaching tool. In 2020, a 10-year retrospective on the piece was published in WBUR's CommonHealth Blog.
Honors
Elected member of the National Academy of Medicine
Recipient of the Joseph W. St. Geme, Jr. Leadership Award from the Federation of Pediatric Organizations
Former President of the Academic Pediatric Association
Recipient of the Richardson Award for Lifetime Achievement from the Society for Pediatric Research
Recipient of the Barger Excellence in Mentoring Award from Harvard Medical School
Named among Modern Healthcare's 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare in 2018 and 2019
Named among Modern Healthcare's 50 Most Influential Clinical Executives in 2019
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Yale College alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
Gilman School alumni
American chief executives of education-related organizations
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
American pediatricians
People from Baltimore
LGBT people from the United States
American physicians
Hassan Ghul (), born Mustafa Hajji Muhammad Khan (August 1977 - 1 October 2012), was a Saudi-born Pakistani member of al-Qaeda who revealed the kunya of Osama Bin Laden's messenger, which eventually led to Operation Neptune Spear and the death of Osama Bin Laden. Ghul was an ethnic Pashtun whose family was from Waziristan. He was designated by the Al-Qaida and Taliban Sanctions Committee of the Security Council in 2012.
Captured by Kurdish Peshmarga forces in Iraqi Kurdistan and turned over to American intelligence in early 2004, Ghul was said to have served as anywhere from a courier who delivered messages for al-Qaeda members to a high-ranking associate of either Osama bin Laden, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, or Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
He was held at a CIA black site for two years. It was during this time of detainment in early 2004, but before he was subjected to torture, that Ghul listed al-Kuwaiti as a close associate of bin Laden. CIA records show that Ghul was not the first source of the name "al-Kuwaiti," which was also provided in 2002 by another detainee, Abu Zubair al-Ha'ili, who was being held by a foreign government.
In 2006, Ghul was transferred to the custody of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence, which released him in 2007. Ghul was killed by a CIA drone strike in North Waziristan in October 2012.
History
Ghul was born around 1977 in either Madinah, Saudi Arabia or the village of Sangrar, Sindh, Pakistan. Ghul was mentioned in the 9/11 Commission report, where he was stated to have led three people, including Mushabib al-Hamlan, to a guesthouse run by Abu Zubaydah.
He was captured on January 23, 2004 by Kurdish security forces at a border crossing to Iran near Kalar after they confirmed Hassan's identity with a photograph emailed to CIA officials. There are contradicting claims that he was caught entering Iraq to bring al-Zarqawi money and bomb schematics or that he was caught leaving Iran bringing al-Zarqawi's progress report on successful suicide bombings into Iraq.
Ghul was carrying a USB flash drive and two CDs, one allegedly including a 17-page progress report believed to have been written by al-Zarqawi, claiming responsibility for suicide attacks in Iraq. US Intelligence officials have contradicted the accepted story, stating that the progress report was instead found in an abandoned safehouse in Baghdad. In addition, the US military provided the media with "photocopies of the original handwritten Arabic letter" which were then translated, muddying the claim that it had been a computer document.
A notebook in his satchel also revealed a number of names and phone numbers of suspected associates.
Kurdish forces immediately turned Ghul over to the American military, and he was interrogated while still in the country.
Although he may have been cooperative with the military interrogation, his questioning revealed little.
It was also believed that he was a member of Ansar al-Islam.
Statements about his capture
Following his capture, Fox News reported that he had been an al-Qaeda member since the very beginning of the group, at least ten years earlier, and was widely known as "The Gatekeeper" in terrorist circles, although no corroboration or other sources have supported these claims. There have been similarly unreferenced suggestions in the media that Ghul played a role in the 1998 US Embassy bombings in Africa.
Three days after his capture, Ghul was mentioned in a speech by President George W. Bush:
Six days after his capture, U.S. Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez referred to Ghul stating "the capture of Ghul is pretty strong proof that al-Qaida is trying to gain a foothold [in Iraq] to continue their murderous campaigns." CIA Director George Tenet mentioned Ghul in his testimony to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence as an al-Qaeda member who would "never again threaten the American people", after allegedly being "sent to case Iraq for an expanded al-Qaeda presence there." Columnist William Safire claimed it was a "smoking gun" that proved a link between Iraq and al-Qaeda.
Ghul then became a ghost detainee, his very existence was unacknowledged. In June 2007, he was one of 39 people cited in a joint release by HRW, Cageprisoners, Center for Constitutional Rights and the New York University School of Law as prisoners who have not been accounted for, and are likely held in secret CIA Black sites.
Release and death
In 2006, two and a half years after his capture, Ghul was transferred to a secret Pakistani prison system, where he was held alongside British suspect Rangzieb Ahmed. The two spoke to each other, and Ghul told him that he was held at a secret CIA location for two and a half years and had also passed through Morocco. He was again transferred to an unknown location in January 2007. Ghul was released by the Pakistanis in 2007. He was thought to have rejoined militants and returned to the battlefield. For some time his whereabouts were unknown, but Ghul was eventually killed by a US drone strike on October 1, 2012. The National Security Agency deployed an arsenal of cyber-espionage tools, secretly seizing control of laptops, siphoning audio files and other messages, and tracking radio transmissions to find Ghul. After intercepting an e-mail from Ghul's wife, the NSA was able to locate Ghul and handed over the information to the Central Intelligence Agency which employed a drone to kill Ghul.
References
External links
2012 deaths
Saudi Arabian al-Qaeda members
Pakistani al-Qaeda members
People subject to extraordinary rendition by the United States
Deaths by drone strikes of the Central Intelligence Agency in Pakistan
1977 births
People designated by the Al-Qaida and Taliban Sanctions Committee
Durhasan, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg, also known as The Student Prince and Old Heidelberg, is a 1927 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer silent drama film based on the 1901 play Old Heidelberg by Wilhelm Meyer-Förster. It was directed by Ernst Lubitsch, and stars Ramon Novarro and Norma Shearer.
Plot
Young Crown Prince Karl Heinrich, heir to the kingdom of Karlsburg (a fictional sovereign state of the German Confederation), is brought to live with his stern uncle, King Karl VII. The king immediately dismisses the boy's nanny without telling the youngster to avoid an emotional farewell. Dr. Friedrich Jüttner, his new tutor, proves to be sympathetic, and they become lifelong friends. Nonetheless, despite the commoners' belief that it must be wonderful to be him, the boy grows up lonely, without playmates his own age.
Upon passing his high school examination in 1901 with the help of Dr.Jüttner, the young prince is delighted to learn that both he and Jüttner are being sent to Heidelberg, where he will continue his education. When they arrive, Karl's servant is appalled at the rooms provided for the prince and Jüttner at the inn of Ruder (Otis Harlan). When Ruder's niece Kathi stoutly defends the centuries-old family business, Karl is entranced by her, and decides to stay. He is quickly made a member of Corps Saxonia, a student society.
Later that day, Karl tries to kiss Kathi, only to learn that she is engaged. Her family approves of her fiance, but she is not so sure about him. She eventually confesses to Karl that, despite the vast social gulf between them, she has fallen in love with him. Karl feels the same about her and swears that he will let nothing separate them. When he takes her boating, their rower, Johann Kellermann, turns his back to them to give them some privacy. Karl jokingly tells him that, when he is king, he will make Kellermann his majordomo.
Then Jüttner receives a letter from the king ordering him to inform Karl that he has selected a princess for him to marry. Jüttner cannot bring himself to destroy his friend's happiness. That same day, however, Prime Minister von Haugk arrives with the news that the king is seriously ill, and that Karl must go home and take up the reins of government. When Karl sees his uncle, he is told of the matrimonial plans. While Karl is still reeling from the shock, the old king dies, followed by Jüttner.
Later, von Haugk presses the new monarch about the marriage. The anguished Karl signs the document for the wedding. Then Kellermann shows up to take the job Karl had offered him. When Karl asks him about Kathi, he learns that she is still waiting for him. He goes to see her one last time.
In the last scene, Karl is shown riding through the streets in a carriage with his bride. One onlooker remarks that it must be wonderful to be king, unaware of Karl's misery.
Cast
Ramón Novarro as Crown Prince Karl Heinrich
Norma Shearer as Kathi
Jean Hersholt as Dr. Friedrich Jüttner
Gustav von Seyffertitz as King Karl VII
Philippe De Lacy as Young Karl
Edgar Norton as Lutz
Bobby Mack as Johann Kellermann
Edward Connelly as Prime Minister von Haugk
Otis Harlan as Old Ruder
André Mattoni as Count Asterberg (uncredited)
Hans Joby as Student (credited as John S. Peters)
George K. Arthur as Drunk Student (uncredited)
Edythe Chapman as Young Karl's nanny (uncredited)
Production
Irving Thalberg initially planned to have Erich von Stroheim direct this film as a follow-up to the director's commercial success The Merry Widow. Stroheim declined, opting instead to leave MGM and begin work on The Wedding March (1928). Thalberg then tried to attach E.A. Dupont, and then John S. Robertson to the project, but both passed on it. He settled on thirty-four-year-old German émigré Ernst Lubitsch.
Novarro was cast after John Gilbert was considered. Lubitsch felt that both Novarro and Shearer were miscast, but was unable to override the studio's casting decisions. Lubitsch's insistence on multiple takes and minimal rehearsal time were hard on both leads. Shearer even complained to Thalberg, her fiance, about Lubitsch's penchant for acting out scenes for the actors before they were shot. Thalberg told her that "everyone has a lot to learn from Lubitsch."
The love scene in the beer garden, which is acclaimed as one of the best scenes in the film by modern critics, was allegedly a headache for the director, who had it reshot entirely, but was still unhappy with it. It was rumored that the love scene in the film was reshot by John M. Stahl, but Lubitsch's assistant on the film, Andrew Marton, denied this. According to director King Vidor, Lubitsch also made Novarro film "a buddy scene with an effeminate extra" in the hopes of "playing up the charge between them." Novarro, no doubt, was extremely uncomfortable doing the scene and resentful of being put in that situation by the director; Novarro was extremely guarded about his own homosexuality his entire life.
The film was in production for more than 108 days and cost $1,205,000. A stickler for authenticity, Lubitsch drove up the budget significantly, infuriating the studio. For instance, he had costume designer Ali Hubert bring thirty-two trunks of wardrobe and props from Europe for use in the film. Following principal photography, he went to Germany to film establishing shots, none of which were used in the finished movie; what little location work there is in the finished film was shot in Laurel Canyon.
Reception
Although now considered a classic by many film historians, it was far from a unanimous critical success during its original theatrical run. In a review for The New York Times, Mordaunt Hall wrote "Mr. Novarro is natural and earnest, but he is a little too Latin in appearance for the rôle. Norma Shearer is attractive as Kathi. She, however, does not seem to put her soul into the part. She, too, acts well, but, like Mr. Novarro, she does not respond, as other players have done, to Mr. Lubitsch's direction. The ablest acting in this piece of work is done by Jean Hersholt as Dr. Guttner [sic] and Gustav von Seyffertitz as the King. Their efforts in all their scenes reveal their sensitiveness to the direction."
According to MGM records The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg earned $894,000 in theater rentals from the United States and Canada and an additional $662,000 from foreign rentals. Despite being a popular film with movie-goers, the exorbitant production cost of Student Prince kept it from making a profit; the film lost $307,000.
Impact
Many critics consider it one of Lubitsch's finest silent films, and it has received better reviews than MGM's 1954 color remake based on Sigmund Romberg's operetta version of the story.
The film's copyright was renewed, so the film will fall into the public domain on January 1, 2023.
References
External links
1920s romantic comedy-drama films
American black-and-white films
American romantic comedy-drama films
American silent feature films
Films about royalty
American films based on plays
Films directed by Ernst Lubitsch
Films about princes
Films set in Europe
Films set in Heidelberg
Films set in the 1890s
Films set in the 1900s
Films set in 1901
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Student societies in Germany
1927 comedy films
1927 drama films
1920s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent romantic comedy films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
Kopi Tubruk is an Indonesian-style coffee where fine coffee grounds are boiled along with solid sugar, resulting in a thick drink similar to Turkish coffee. It is popular in Bali and Java.
In Bali, Kopi Tubruk is known by the name "Kopi Selem" which means black coffee.
Etymology
The first word of kopi tubruk's name is derived from the Indonesian word for coffee. While tubruk is a Javanese word meaning collision. The name refers to both the name of the beverage and the style of preparation.
History
Kopi tubruk is thought to have been brought to Indonesia by merchants from the Middle East. The drink is popular in Yogyakarta and Central Java and can be found in most warungs that serve coffee.
Preparation
Kopi tubruk uses finely ground coffee beans. Sometimes, instant coffee is used, albeit one that contains no sugar or milk. These ground coffee beans are then mixed with boiled water. Kopi tubruk is usually served in a clear glass. Since the coffee is brewed without any filter, the used coffee grounds will coagulate at the bottom of the glass. Sugar can also be added, and some modern variants also add condensed milk.
See also
Kopi luwak
List of Indonesian drinks
References
http://www.talkaboutcoffee.com/types-of-coffee-coffee-varieties-II.html
https://travel.kompas.com/read/2017/08/18/154605227/suka-ngopi-ini-cara-benar-membuat-kopi-tubruk?page=all (Indonesian language)
Coffee drinks
Indonesian drinks
Ragnhild Tove Hveger (later Andersen, 10 December 1920 – 1 December 2011) was a Danish swimmer, who became famous when she won silver medal in the women's 400 m freestyle at the 1936 Summer Olympics. From 1936 to 1943 she set 44 world records, and at one time she held 19 world records in different distances and disciplines. In 1938 she won three gold medals at the European championships.
Being the daughter of a Nazi, sister of an east front volunteer, married to a German officer, she became very unpopular after the war, and was barred from the Danish team for the 1948 Olympics. She competed at the 1952 Olympics and finished fourth in the 4 × 100 m and fifth in the 400 m freestyle events. Hveger retired in 1954 after ending fifth in the 100 m freestyle at the European Championships.
In 1966 she was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame, and 30 years later declared sportswoman of the century by Danmarks Idræts-Forbund.
Youth (1920-1936)
Ragnhild Hveger was born in Nyborg in 1920. Her father was a train driver and a member of the Danish Nazi party. Privately she dreamed about being a nurse but was encouraged by her parent to practise competition swimming. She started competing at the age of 12 and at the age of 14 in 1935 she won her first Nordic championship in 400 m crawl. Her style was smooth with effective leg strokes.
Her club was Elsinor Svimming club.
Olympic Games in Berlin, 1936
Ragnhild Hveger was one of 18 Danish swimmers at the games. She started in three disciplines. In 100 m crawl she reached the semifinal and in 4 × 100 m she and the Danish team reached the final where they came seventh. In her favorite discipline 400 m crawl she won the first heat in a new olympic record and in the semifinal she beat her closest competitor Rie Mastenbroek from the Netherlands. In the final, however, Mastenbroek won and Ragnhild Hveger came second.
The radio helped to make her famous. Her final was only the second event in Danish history to be broadcast live on air (the first being a final by another Danish female swimmer, Inge Sørensen, a few days before).
Achievements
Her greatest achievements occurred at the European championships in London 1938. Here she won gold in 100 m crawl, 400 m crawl and 4 × 100 m crawl, which made the British newspaper The Times dubbed her "The Golden Torpedo".
Ragnhild Hveger set 42 individuel world records between 1935 and 1942. At the beginning of World War II she was at the peak of her career. In 1941 she held 19 world records in crawl at the same time.
World War II and Nazism
During most World War II Denmark was occupied by Germany and the only change of international competition was against swimmers from Germany or German-occupied countries like the Netherlands.
Hveger moved in 1943 to Kiel in Germany, where she for at time worked as a swimming teacher. At the time she was living with a German soldier she had met in Denmark. According to Ragnhild Hveger he died on a ship outside Danzig. Together they had a daughter which she managed to get with her back to Denmark when the Nazi regime broke down in 1945.
After the war
After the war Ragnhild Hveger was interned for six weeks in Sundholm at a forced labor camp, under suspicion of collaboration with the Germans during the war. Her parents and her brother had been active in the Danish Nazi party. Both her father and her brother fought on the Eastern front and were sentenced to jail, however she was not prosecuted. She nevertheless moved to Sweden for a period.
Her association with nazism led to her being banned by the Danish swimming association from going to the Olympic Games in London 1948. Officially, the given reason was that she had violated the amateur rules by working as a swimming teacher. She was restricted until 1950.
At the Olympic Games in Helsinki 1952 she participated and came fifth on 400 m crawl in a time better than her final time from 1936. At that time she was still the recordholder on the distance.
After her swimming career she worked as a coach and swimming teacher in Copenhagen and stayed out of public life.
Legacy
Ragnhild Hvegers performance in swimming have given her a number of awards. In 1968 she was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame at Fort Lauderdale Florida as only one of four Danes. When the Danish Swimming Hall of Fame was created in 2013 she was inducted there too. Likewise she is inducted to the Danish Sport Hall of Fame at its creation in 1992.
Records
See also
Jenny Kammersgaard, Danish long-distance swimmer from the same period
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
External links
Pat Besford, Encyclopaedia of Swimming (London: St. Martin's Press, 1971).
David Wallechinsky and Jaime Loucky, The Complete Book of the Olympics (London: Aurum, 2008).
1920 births
2011 deaths
Danish female swimmers
Danish female freestyle swimmers
Danish female backstroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Denmark
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
World record setters in swimming
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists in swimming
People from Nyborg
Sportspeople from the Region of Southern Denmark
The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada is a title traditionally held by the leader of the largest party not in government.
The leader of the Opposition is often seen as the alternative Premier to the present incumbent, and heads a rival alternative government known as the Shadow Cabinet or Opposition Front Bench.
List of opposition leaders
A cohesive and consistent official opposition first formed when A. G. Blair formed the Liberal party in the early 1880s. Previously oppositions occasionally organized over major issues such as anti-prohibitionists led by John Hamilton Gray in the mid-1850s, and pro-Confederationists under Charles Fisher in 1865-1866.
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! !! Name !! Party !! Took Office !! Left Office
Andrew G. BlairLiberal18791883
Daniel L. HaningtonConservative18831892
Alfred Augustus StocktonConservative18921899
John Douglas HazenConservative18991908
Clifford W. RobinsonLiberal19081912
Arthur Bliss CoppLiberal1912 1912
Louis-Auguste DugalLiberal1912 1917
James Alexander MurrayConservative19171920
John B. M. BaxterConservative1920<td>1921
<td>Charles D. Richards<td>Conservative<td>1921<td>1925
<td>Peter Veniot<td>Liberal<td>1925 <td>1926
<td>Allison Dysart<td>Liberal<td>1926 <td>1935
<td>Frederick C. Squires<td>Conservative<td>1935<td>1939
<td>Hugh Mackay<td>Progressive Conservative<td>1940<td>1948
<td>Hugh John Flemming<td>Progressive Conservative<td>1949<td>1952
<td>Austin Claude Taylor<td>Liberal<td>1952 <td>1957
<td>Joseph E. Connolly<td>Liberal<td>1957 <td>1958
<td>Louis Robichaud<td>Liberal<td>1958 <td>1960
<td>Hugh John Flemming<td>Progressive Conservative<td>1960<td>1960
<td>Cyril Sherwood<td>Progressive Conservative<td>1960<td>1966
<td>Charles Van Horne<td>Progressive Conservative<td>1967<td>1967
<td>Richard Hatfield<td>Progressive Conservative<td>1967<td>1970
<td>Louis Robichaud<td>Liberal<td>1970 <td>1971
<td>Robert Higgins<td>Liberal<td>1971 <td>1978
<td>Joseph Daigle<td>Liberal<td>1978<td>1981
<td>Doug Young<td>Liberal<td>1982<td>1983
<td>Ray Frenette<td>Liberal<td>1983<td>1985
<td>Shirley Dysart<td>Liberal<td>1985<td>1985
<td>Frank McKenna<td>Liberal<td>1985<td>1987
<td>Camille ThériaultLiberal19871991
[[Danny Cameron (politician)|Danny Cameron]]<td>[[New Brunswick Confederation of Regions Party|Confederation of Regions]]<td>1991<td>1995
{{Canadian party colour|NB|CoR|row}}<td>[[Ab Rector]]<td>[[New Brunswick Confederation of Regions Party|Confederation of Regions]]<td>1995<td>1995
{{Canadian party colour|NB|CoR|row}}<td>[[Greg Hargrove]]<td>[[New Brunswick Confederation of Regions Party|Confederation of Regions]]<td>1995<td>1995
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[Bernard Valcourt]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>1995<td>1997
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[Elvy Robichaud]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>1997<td>1998
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[Bernard Lord]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>1998<td>1999
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Camille Theriault]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>1999<td>2001
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Bernard Richard]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>2001<td>2002
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Shawn Graham]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>2002<td>2006
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[Bernard Lord]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>2006<td>2007
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[Jeannot Volpé]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>2007<td>2008
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[David Alward]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>2008<td>2010
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Victor Boudreau]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>2010<td>2013
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Brian Gallant]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>2013<td>2014
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[Bruce Fitch]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>2014<td>2016
{{Canadian party colour|NB|PC|row}}<td>[[Blaine Higgs]]<td>[[New Brunswick Progressive Conservative Party|Progressive Conservative]]<td>2016<td>2018
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Brian Gallant]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>2018<td>2019
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Denis Landry]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>2019<td>2020
{{Canadian party colour|NB|Liberal|row}}<td>[[Roger Melanson]]<td>[[New Brunswick Liberal Party|Liberal]]<td>2020<td>present
|}
Notes
{{reflist}}
See also
[[Leader of the Opposition (Alberta)]]
[[Leader of the Opposition (British Columbia)]]
[[Leader of the Opposition (Manitoba)]]
[[Leader of the Opposition (Newfoundland and Labrador)]]
[[Leader of the Opposition (Nova Scotia)]]
[[Leader of the Opposition (Ontario)]]
[[Leader of the Opposition (Prince Edward Island)]]
[[List of leaders of the Official Opposition of Quebec|Leader of the Opposition (Quebec)]]
[[Leader of the Opposition (Saskatchewan)]]
[[List of Yukon Leaders of Opposition|Leader of the Opposition (Yukon Territory)]]
{{New Brunswick politics}}
[[Category:Politics of New Brunswick]]
[[Category:Opposition leaders in Canada|New Brunswick]]
[[Category:Lists of political office-holders in New Brunswick]]
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Vigo County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 51 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark. Another 5 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Clark (IL), Clay, Edgar (IL), Parke, Sullivan, Vermillion
List of Indiana state historical markers in Vigo County
References
Vigo County
Li Jianxiong (born 10 December 1960) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Lê Khánh Đồng (1905–1976) is a Vietnamese medical doctor and was one of the founding members of the Traditional Medicine Faculty of Hanoi Medical University and the National Hospital of Traditional Medicine in Vietnam. He was the Director of Nghệ An Provincial Health Service as well as the Director of the Vinh Hospital (1953–1957). He was the head of Training Department of the National Hospital of Traditional Medicine in Vietnam (from 1958 to 1970). One of people to set the corner stone for family to pursue Traditional Medicine and then the next generation make Daibio Traditional Medicine Great Family Clinic Company.
Biography
Lê Khánh Đồng was born in 1905 in Son An commune, Hương Sơn District, Hà Tĩnh Province, Vietnam.
In 1931 he graduated from Indochina Medical University and was assigned under French Indochina to Xavanakhet Hospital in Laos, then to the hospitals in Nam Định Province, Bình Định Province in Vietnam
1953 - 1957, he served as the Director of Nghệ An Provincial Health Service as well as the Director of the Vinh Hospital.
From 1958 until his retirement in 1970, he served as the head of Training Department of the National Hospital of Traditional Medicine in Vietnam.
Career
He was one of the founding members of Traditional Medicine in Modern Era in Vietnam. He was fluent in French, Mandarin Chinese and Japanese as well as composing music and poetry. During the years 1926–29, he actively participated in the movement of new poetry and wrote the poetry book named "Hands Poetry" "Thơ Buông" for many readers with deep impression. He was named in the Book of Vietnamese Poets by Hoai Chan - Hoai Thanh.
He was an optimist to see problems in the direction of Vietnamese Traditional Medicine effective and simplified. He wrote the book "Simple Acupuncture" in 1962, translated "The cure" of Japan in 1969 and the "Home-grown Medicine" in 1959. He prepared from natural herbs together with his son: Lê Khánh Thành to create 893 Traditional Medicine Shampoo, Daibio Traditional Medicine Shampoo, drugs to skin diseases as scalp, eczéma, hair, syscosis, psoriasis with such valued medicinal herb original ingredients as Gleditsia, Ocimum, Fallopia multiflora... The book has a great reputation when it provides the easy to understand and close to the traditional medical background to readers.
Family
He is the 20th descendant of the King Lê Thái Tổ the founder of the famous Later Lê Dynasty of Vietnam. His father was Lê Quý Bác who served as the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs in the imperial court of the Nguyễn Dynasty. His first wife was Tran Thi Xuyen. After Mrs. Xuyên died, he married Ms. Nguyễn Thị Vàng who is the daughter of Dr. Nguyen Khac Niem - Former Minister in the imperial court of the Nguyễn Dynasty and Mrs. Vàng is also elder sister of the politician, medical doctor, the famous Vietnamese democracy activist Nguyễn Khắc Viện. His famous brothers are Prof. Lê Khánh Bằng and Prof. Pharmacist in Traditional Medicine Lê Khánh Trai. His family has Journalist Lê Khánh Căn, Journalist Lê Khánh Chi, Prof. Literature Researcher Lê Khánh Soa, Engineer and Dermatologist in Traditional Medicine Lê Khánh Thành, Prof. Dr. Lê Khánh Châu at Bochum University Germany who married Dr. Nguyễn Thanh Hoa - To Huu's daughter.
Following the history of the Lê family with the Emperors who making Vietnam Nation as Emperor Lê Thái Tổ, Emperor Le Thanh Tong, the Lê family in Son An Hương Sơn, Hà Tĩnh and Nguyễn Khắc family (the family of his wife, Nguyen Thi Vang) has such famous doctors as Herbalist Academy Le Nguyen Le, Herbalist State Government Le Kinh Hap, Maderin vice Minister under Nguyễn Dynasty Le Khanh Lam Le Quy Bac, Minister under Nguyễn Dynasty, Nguyen Khac Niem, Politician Dr Nguyễn Khắc Viện, Herbalist Le Khanh Rights, Prof. Dr Le Kinh Due, Dr Le Khanh Dong, Professor pharmacist Le Khanh Trai, Colonel doctor Le Khac Thien ... These are the people who make the foundation for their next generations followed Great traditional Medicine Traditional Family for over 300 years.
Lê Khánh family has relationship with family of GS. VS. Prof. Dr. Đái Duy Ban, GS. Đái Duy Ban is the founder Daibio Traditional Medicine Great Clinic Company. Daibio is the group of Professor, PhD, Masters, doctors, herbalist, Pharmacy, Engineering in Big Families to develop traditional medicine for over 300 years. Daibio Traditional Medicine Great Clinic Company has pursued objectives: Patient-centered, science and technology as the driving force, to ensure quality.
References
Traditional medicine practitioners
1905 births
1976 deaths
Cloticasone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Diketones
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Organochlorides
Pregnanes
"Carry On" is a song by American singer Martha Wash, released on October 30, 1992 through RCA Records as the lead single from her debut solo self-titled studio album, Martha Wash (1993). It was written by Eric Beall, who also composed the instrumentation in collaboration with Steve Skinner and peaked at number-one on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.
Release
The single was the first release from her self-titled debut album, Martha Wash, which was part of her settlement deal with RCA Records after she sued the label over being uncredited for her work on previous songs by Black Box. The track was her first number-one single as a solo artist on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart, reaching the top spot on December 5, 1992. In Europe, "Carry On" was a Top 40 hit in the Netherlands and a Top 50 hit in the UK.
Critical reception
Alex Henderson from AllMusic viewed the song as a "dance-floor gem", describing it as "soaring". Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "After building a near-legendary reputation as a better on hits by Black Box, C & C Music Factory, and the Weather Girls, it's difficult to believe that this is Wash's first solo recording. Regardless, she proves why she will always be the prototype for future dance music divas on this driven pop/dance romp. It almost doesn't even matter what she's singing; any chance to wonder at the power of her voice is worth taking. Fortunately, this song works just fine, and is roping in club DJs at a rapid rate. Watch radio to quickly follow suit." Caroline Sullivan from The Guardian said in her review of the Martha Wash album, "Things work best when her producer allows her gospel roots to emerge, as on the beautiful inspirational number Carry On." A reviewer from Music Week gave the song three out of five, declaring it as "uplifting", and concluding that Wash "deserves success in her own". Andy Beevers from their RM Dance Update rated it five out of five, picking it as House Tune of the Week. He also complimented it as "a great, truly uplifting song". Ian Hyland from Sunday Mirror gave it nine out of ten, adding, "Another one of those massive tunes that's been largin' it on the dance floor recently. Now you can have it at home."
Usage in media
In 2010, the song was used in the fifth episode of season two of reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race, in which Wash also served as guest judge. Contestants Sahara Davenport and Morgan McMichaels, were up for elimination and had to lipsync to the song in order to continue in the competition. During the episode, drag queen and head judge RuPaul emotionally recounted "That song is very special to me because when my mother passed away, that was the song that I would play all the time. I played Martha Wash's 'Carry On' non-stop. That's what got me through it."
Impact and legacy
British DJ, Phil Asher picked "Carry On" as one of his favourites in 1995, "My ex-girlfriend brought it back from New York. I'm still playing it to this day, in fact I played it last night. It's a vocal anthem of the real kind – no handbags in sight." In 1996, English house music DJ, DJ Paulette chose it as one of her favourites, saying, "I play this track towards the end of the night. The lyrics are perfect — she is the voice."
Track listings
CD maxi, US
"Carry On" (Original 7" Edit) — 3:30
"Carry On" (Album Radio Mix) — 4:17
"Carry On" (Masters At Work 7" Mix) — 4:10
"Carry On" (Masters At Work 12" Dance Mix) — 6:46
"Carry On" (Masters At Work Dub Mix) — 5:14
"Carry On" (Carried Away Dub) — 7:08
"Carry On" (Carry This 12" Dance Mix) — 5:26
"Carry On" (Vocal Bass Dub Mix) — 5:59
"Carry On" (12" Alternative Mix) — 7:26
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 1992 (U.S.)
References
External links
Release information at Discogs
Official video at YouTube
1992 songs
1992 debut singles
House music songs
Martha Wash songs
RCA Records singles
Hamaar Sautan Hamaar Saheli (English: My Husband's Other Wife and My Friend) is an Indian television soap opera which premiered on Mahuaa TV on 28 November 2011.
Plot summary
Hamaar Sautan Hamaar Saheli follows the journey of two women in rural North India. Chanda is a lively tribal girl who is forcefully married off by her alcoholic father to the elder, womanizing Thakur Nirbhay Singh. After marriage, Chanda discovers that Nirbhay is already married to the docile and submissive Asha. This is a story of how the two women unite to fight against the man who has deceived them both.
Cast
Main cast
Dolphin Dubey as Chanda
Geetika Shyam as Asha
Amit Shukla as Nirbhay Singh
Nishant Mahim as Madhav
Meera Gupta as Lakhpati
Nirmal Chaudhary as Ramkhilawan
References
External links
Indian television soap operas
2011 Indian television series debuts
Bhojpuri-language television shows
WQAK (105.7 FM, "The Quake") is a radio station broadcasting an Active Rock format. Licensed to Union City, Tennessee, United States, the station serves the Jackson TN area and Ken Tenn area. The station is owned by Thunderbolt Broadcasting Company.
History
The station began broadcasting as WLJJ on February 10, 1993 and changed its call letters February 11, 1994 to WWUC, On December 11, 1998 to the current WQAK,
In addition to its alternative rock format, "The Quake" WQAK FM airs Union City high school sports and Tennessee Titans football.
The radio station is owned by Thunderbolt Broadcasting which also operates KYTN-FM 104.9 in Union City, Tennessee and WCMT AM 1410,
WCMT-FM 101.3 and WCDZ-FM 95.1 in Martin, Tennessee.
The WQAK-FM and KYTN-FM studios are located at 223 Westgate Drive in Union City, Tennessee. Thunderbolt Broadcasting purchased KYTN (formerly WYVY FM) and WQAK-FM stations December 27, 2005 from Twin States Broadcasting December 27, 2005. WQAK FM 105.7 also broadcasts its programming on 107.9 FM a local channel FM station aka translator.
The station began airing the syndicated Pink Floyd program "Floydian Slip" in July 2021.
Previous logo
References
External links
QAK
Active rock radio stations in the United States
Mons Mill, Todmorden, is a former cotton spinning mill in Todmorden, Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England built for the Hare Spinning Company Limited. It was built in 1907, but ran into financial difficulties. It passed over to the Mons Mill (1919) Co Ltd and then was taken over by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in 1930 and passed to Courtaulds in 1964 and production stopped in 1968. It was used into the 1990s by Ward & Goldstone Ltd. The site was cleared in 2000.
Location
Todmorden is a market town and civil parish, within the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale, in West Yorkshire, England. It forms part of the Upper Calder Valley and has a total population of 14,941. It is north north east of Manchester, west of Halifax and south east of Burnley.
Todmorden town centre occupies the confluence of three steep-sided valleys in the Pennines. The valleys constrict the shape of the town. Todmorden is surrounded by moorlands with occasional outcrops of gritstone sandblasted by winds.
The historic county boundary between Yorkshire and Lancashire was marked by the River Calder and its tributary the Walsden Water, which runs through the centre of the town. The historic border remains but the administrative border was altered by the Local Government Act 1888, whereby today all of Todmorden lies within West Yorkshire. The town is served by Todmorden railway station and Walsden railway station.
History
For hundreds of years streams from the surrounding hills provided water for corn and fulling mills. Todmorden grew to relative prosperity by combining farming with the production of woollen textiles. Some Yeomen clothiers were able to build fine houses, a few of which still exist today. Increasingly, though, the area turned to cotton. The proximity of Manchester as a source of material and trade was undoubtedly a strong factor. Another was that the strong Pennine streams and rivers were able to power the machine looms. Improvements in textile machinery (by Kay, Hargreaves and Arkwright), along with the development of turnpike roads (1751–81) helped to develop the new cotton industry and increase the local population.
During the years 1800–45 great changes took place in the communications and transport of the town which were to have a crucial effect on promoting industrial growth. These included the building of: (1) better roads; (2) the Rochdale Canal (1804); and (3) the main line of the Manchester and Leeds Railway (1841), which became the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1847. This railway line incorporated the (then) the longest tunnel in the world, the 2,885 yard Summit Tunnels. A second railway, from Todmorden to Burnley, opened as a single line in 1849, being doubled to meet demand in 1860. A short connecting line, from Stansfield Hall to Hall Royd, completed the "Todmorden Triangle" in 1862, thus enabling trains to travel in all three directions (Manchester, Leeds and Burnley) without reversing.
The Industrial Revolution caused a concentration of industry and settlement along the valley floor and a switch from woollens to cotton. One family in the area was particularly influential on the town: the Fielden family. They created a "dynasty" that changed the town forever by establishing several large mills, putting up assorted impressive buildings and bringing about social and educational change.
Hare Mill was built in 1907; the first sod was cut on 1 June 1907. It had cost £218,285 to build, and there were financial and boardroom problems and the mill finally opened in August 1912. A second identical mill was proposed, but never built. There was the logo of a white hare on the mill chimney. The company was wound up in 1914. The mill was bought by William Hopwood for £131,450. He sold it to the newly formed Mons Mill Company Limited and the mill was renamed Mons Mill (after the Battle of Mons). There was a later company Mons Mill (1919) Limited which took over the mill in 1919.
The industry peaked in 1912 when it produced 8 billion yards of cloth. The Great War of 1914–18 halted the supply of raw cotton, and the British government encouraged its colonies to build mills to spin and weave cotton. The war over, Lancashire never regained its markets. The independent mills were struggling. The Bank of England set up the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in 1929 to attempt to rationalise and save the industry. Mons Mill, Todmorden was one of 104 mills bought by the LCC, and one of the 53 mills that survived beyond 1950. In 1974, the LCC was taken over by Courtaulds. In 1968, the mill closed. From 1971, the building was used by Ward & Goldstone Limited until the 1990s when they left.
In the 1970s, the mill chimney was reduced by . In 1986, the mill chimney and the engine house were demolished. The site was cleared in March 2000.
Architecture
Seven-storied steam-powered cotton-spinning mill built for the Hare Spinning Company Limited. It was constructed of red Accrington brick, designed by Abraham Stott. Stott's design utilised rolled steel columns and reinforced concrete, and was unpopular when it was first proposed. There was the logo of a white hare on the mill chimney.
Power
The mill was originally powered by an engine built by Carels of Belgium which drove about 73 belts.
Owners
Hare Mill Co (1907–14)
William Hopwood (1914)
Mons Mill Co Ltd (1914–1919)
Mons Mill (1919) Co Ltd (1919–1930)
Lancashire Cotton Corporation (1930–1964)
Courtaulds (1964–68)
Ward & Goldstone Ltd (1971–1990s)
See also
Textile manufacturing
References
Bibliography
External links
Cottontown.org website
Spinningtheweb.org website
Textile mills in West Yorkshire
Todmorden
Buildings and structures in Calderdale
Former textile mills in the United Kingdom
Textile mills owned by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation
Industrial buildings completed in 1907
Demolished buildings and structures in England
Demolished manufacturing buildings and structures
Buildings and structures demolished in 2000
1907 establishments in England
2000 disestablishments in England
Stephen Heilmann (17 August 1941 – 1 June 2019) was a Greenlandic politician and journalist.
Biography
Stephen Heilmann was born in Nuuk, son of the accountant Peter Heilmann and his wife Mariane Olsen. On August 7, 1982, he married the social pedagogue Regine Dorph.
Stephen Heilmann studied medicine and sociology at the University of Copenhagen. From 1967 to 1974 he worked as a freelancer in the Copenhagen editorial of Kalaallit Nunaata Radioa. He then became director of Nuuk TV. From 1976 he was Program Secretary at the KNR. In 1983, he ran for parliamentary elections, but could not reach enough votes to enter the Inatsisartut. However, he was still appointed Minister of Culture, Education and Church in the Second Motzfeldt cabinet. After only one year there were new elections and the whole thing was repeated: Heilmann did not get enough votes and was later re-elected Minister of the same departments in the Third Motzfeldt cabinet. In 1987, he again ran unsuccessfully and resumed his position as KNR program secretary. In 1988 he became information director at Nuna-Tek. From 1994 to 1995, he was Under-Head of Radio News at the KNR, then Editor-in-Chief, before becoming Program Secretary again in 1997 for a year and most recently as Under-Secretary.
In addition to his work as program secretary, he was from 1976 member of the Greenland Press Association and from 1979 to 1981 its chairman. From 1978 he was also a member of the Danish Journalists Association. On 27 December 2007 he was awarded the Nersornaat in silver. He died after a brief illness on 1 June 2019 at the age of 77 years.
References
1941 births
2019 deaths
People from Nuuk
Government ministers of Greenland
Siumut politicians
Greenlandic journalists
Radio reporters and correspondents
Terje Tønnesen (born 27 February 1955 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian classical violinist. His first marriage, from 1979 to 1986, was to the pianist Reidun Askeland (born 1957). In 1986 he married the actress Hilde Grythe (born 18 July 1955), daughter of NRK program host Odd Grythe (1918–94) and film director Kirsten Sørlie (1926–2013).
Career
Tønnesen made a sensational debut at age 17 in 1972, "A dazzling debut with hardly any parallel", as it was described in the Oslo newspaper. After five years of study in Switzerland, in 1977 he began his positions both as artistic director of "Det Norske Kammerorkester" and as first concertmaster of the Oslo Filharmoniske Orkester. He also moves beyond the classical repertoire, including collaborations with fellow musical omnivore Terje Rypdal, and is among the leading violinists with a central position in the Norwegian musical scene.
Tønnesen has won several international awards and has received both the Grieg Award and Kritikerprisen in Norway. He has toured in Europe, USA, China, and the Soviet Union and during his career worked with such musicians as Mstislav Rostropovich, Maurice André, and James Galway. He has also made solo appearances with all the Norwegian orchestras and many orchestras outside Norway.
Honors
1979: Griegprisen
1979/80: Musikk-kritikerprisen
1992: Oslo City Culture Award
2000: Spellemannprisen
Discography (in selection)
As soloist
1980: Johan Halvorsen: Air Norvegien – Tre Norske Danser – Veslemøys Sang – Danse Visionaire – Norske Eventyrbilleder (Norsk Kulturråds Klassikerserie), with Filharmonisk Selskaps Orkester, conductor: Karsten Andersen
1980: Edvard Grieg: The Complete Music for String Orchestra (BIS), with Norwegian Chamber Orchestra, conductor: Karsten Andersen
1986: Geir Henning Braaten: Geir Henning Braaten/Terje Tønnesen (Simax catalog|Simax Classics), with Geir Henning Braaten (piano)
1987: Terje Rypdal: Undisonus (ECM Records), with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, conductor: Christian Eggen
1990: Grieg • Brustad • Halvorsen (Victoria), with Reidun Askeland (piano) & Lars Anders Tomter (viola)
1993: Edvard Grieg: Complete Violin Sonatas (Victoria), with Einar Henning Smebye (piano)
Collaborative works
Within The Norwegian Chamber Orchestra
2008: Village Variations (Jaro Medien), with Moscow Art Trio
With other projects
1993: Antonín Dvořák / Alexander Glasunow* / Robert Schumann: Musikalische Freundschaften – Grenzenlos (WestLB),
2000: Dvořák: Cello Concert (Virgin Classics), with Truls Mørk & Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra, conductor: Mariss Jansons
2004: Cello Concert'' (Virgin Classics), with Truls Mørk (5xCD)
References
External links
at the Det Norske Kammerorkester site
Terje Tønnesen Biography at Norsk Biografisk Leksikon (in Norwegian)
1955 births
Norwegian classical violinists
Male classical violinists
Spellemannprisen winners
ECM Records artists
Grappa Music artists
Simax Classics artists
Living people
Musicians from Oslo
21st-century classical violinists
21st-century Norwegian male musicians
The Governor of Londonderry and Culmore was a British military appointment. The Governor was the officer who commanded the garrison and fortifications of the city of Derry and of Culmore fort. The Governor was paid by The Honourable The Irish Society.
Governors of Londonderry and Culmore
1603–1606: The 1st Baron Docwra of Culmore
1606–1608: Sir George Paulet
1611–1643: Sir John Vaughan
1643–1644: Sir Robert Stewart
1644–1645: Colonel Audley Mervyn
1645–1648: Thomas Folliott, 2nd Baron Folliott
1648–1649: The 2nd Earl of Mountrath
1649–?: Robert Venables (left Ireland 1654)
1660–1661: Sir Robert Stewart (d. c.1670) (second term)
1661–: Colonel John Gorges
1688–1689: Colonel Robert Lundy (deserted 1689)
1689 Sir George Walker / Henry Baker (died 1689)(jointly)
1690 John Mitchelburne
1691 Sir Matthew Bridges
1714–1719: Thomas Meredyth
1719–1734?: Henry Barry, 3rd Baron Barry of Santry
1735?–1737: Lieutenant-General Owen Wynne
1737–1739: Lieutenant-General Thomas Pearce
1739–1740: Charles Cathcart, 8th Lord Cathcart
1745–1749: Lieutenant-General Phineas Bowles
1749–1756: Lieutenant-General Henry Cornewall
1756–1774: Lieutenant-General Sir Robert Rich, 5th Bt
1774–1775: General Sir George Augustus Eliott
1775–1776: General Sir John Irwin
1776–1806: John Hale
1806: General The 1st Baron Hutchinson
1806–1820: General The 15th Earl of Suffolk
1820–1832: Lieutenant-General George Vaughan Hart, M.P.
1832–1860: Field Marshal The 1st Earl of Strafford
References
History of Derry (city)
British military appointments
Military history of County Londonderry
Londonderry
The 1996 Korean FA Cup was the first edition of the Korean FA Cup.
Bracket
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Awards
Source:
See also
1996 in South Korean football
1996 K League
1996 Korean League Cup
References
External links
Official website
Fixtures & Results at KFA
1996
1996 in South Korean football
1996 domestic association football cups
Gerald Rosenfeld is an American businessman, academic, and investment banker. He is well known as the former Head of Investment Banking of Lazard and as the former CEO of Rothschild North-America from 2000 to 2007. He is currently an Adjunct Professor of Finance at New York University Stern School of Business, teaching in their Executive Education Open Enrollment program, Integrated Law and Business Financial Risk Management. Until February 2011, Rosenfeld continued to work at Rothschild in the capacity of senior advisor. In 2011, he returned to Lazard as a senior executive.
References
External links
Profile at NYU.edu
NYU Stern Executive Education
Integrated Law and Business Financial Risk Management
American chief executives of financial services companies
American investment bankers
Jewish American academics
New York University faculty
Living people
N M Rothschild & Sons people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Charles H. Revson Foundation
Sevylor is a company that makes inflatable boats out of PVC and vinyl. Founded in France in 1948, it is one of the largest manufacturers of consumer PVC rafts in the world. In 2004, Sevylor was acquired by National Ventures of Huntington Beach, CA in 2004 and is now based in the United States.
External links
Sevylor Corporation
American boat builders
Companies based in Huntington Beach, California
Inflatable boat manufacturers
2004 mergers and acquisitions
2007 mergers and acquisitions
2016 mergers and acquisitions
Clare Hanrahan is a former camogie player, winner of the Cuchulainn award in 1965. Having previously starred in attack for Kilkenny in their Leinster junior victories of 1959 and 1960 she burst on to the scene with four goals for Leinster in the 1960 Gael Linn Cup final and was Leinster's most effective forward over the next five years.
References
Living people
Kilkenny camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Operation Uvda (, Mivtza Uvda) was an operation conducted by the Israel Defense Forces during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, from March 5 to March 10, 1949. It was the last campaign undertaken by the IDF during the war and its objective was to capture the southern Negev desert, which was claimed by the Kingdom of Jordan to be under Jordanian control in the armistice talks of 1949.
The southern Negev was designated to be part of the Jewish State in the 1947 UN Partition Plan. The name uvda (עובדה) is Hebrew for "fact", referring to the operation's objective to establish de facto Israeli sovereignty over the territory in question, rather than actually conquer it. As such, the Israeli forces did not meet significant resistance on their way. The region claimed during this operation is now referred to as Uvda.
The Negev, Golani and Alexandroni brigades participated in the operation, as well as a number of smaller units.
Prior reconnaissance
In January 1949, slightly over a month before the operation, a small unit was dispatched to reconnoiter the southern Negev, with limited resources and no ability to receive tactical aid. The unit's mission was to map the region, as the best available map of the time was a GSGS map scaled 1:250,000. The unit was reinforced by reconnaissance aircraft and heavy use was made of aerial photography stereoscopic imaging.
The unit moved in two parts: one through the center of the Negev and one through the Arava. It was strictly forbidden to engage the Jordanian Arab Legion or enter the Sinai. The unit encountered Bedouins in Ras al-Naqb and immediately set out to return to Beersheba using a different route. As a result, the Arab Legion again manned posts at Ras al-Naqb, which had previously been abandoned.
Timeline of the operation
On March 5, 1949, (4 Adar 5709) Negev Brigade forces set out from Beersheba to the Ramon Crater, through Bir 'Asluj. Golani forces simultaneously set out from Mamshit to Ein Husub.
On March 6, the Negev Brigade travelled to Sde Avraham and began to clear land for an airfield there.
In the night of March 6, 7th Brigade reinforcements from the Gahal platoon arrived by air in the newly cleared airfield. They carried supplies and fuel vital to continue the operation.
On March 7, Golani forces conquered the village Ein Harouf. On the same day, the Alexandroni Brigade moved from Beersheba through Mamshit towards Sodom. From there it made an amphibious landing near Ein Gedi through the Dead Sea.
On March 8, Golani conquered Ein Ghamr. The defending Jordanian forces withdrew. Simultaneously, Negev forces moved towards Umm Rashrash through the Valley of Fingers. At night, the Alexandroni Brigade set sail from Sodom on the Dead Sea and landed at Ein Gedi before dawn. This was called Operation Itzuv ("Stabilization").
On March 8–9, the Alexandroni Brigade split into three groups, one of which captured Ein Gedi and the southern group captured Masada. During that time the Negev Brigade stayed at the Valley of Fingers for two days, looking for a roundabout way to reach Ras al-Naqb.
On March 9, Golani forces captured Gharandal and proceeded to Ein Ghadyan (now Yotvata).
In the morning of March 10, an aerial photographer discovered that the police station guarding Ras al-Naqb was abandoned. The Negev Brigade set out towards Umm Rashrash through Ras al-Naqb.
Negev and Golani Brigades actively competed on who would reach the Red Sea first, and on March 10 at 15:00, the Negev Brigade accomplished the feat, reaching the abandoned police station at Umm Rashrash (where the city of Eilat was later built). The Golani Brigade arrived two hours later.
Because Operation Uvda was the last military operation during the war, the raising at the police station of the hand-drawn Israeli flag (popularly known as the Ink Flag) on March 10 at 16:00 is considered to have ended the war.
The front commander sent this telegram at the conclusion of the campaign:
"On Hagana day, the 11th of Adar, the Palmach Negev brigade and the Golani brigade present the Gulf of Eilat to the State of Israel".
Gallery
See also
Uvda (Israel)
Ovda Airport
Operation Horev
References
External links
Presentation, including a map, showing the Israeli progress in Operation Uvda
Uvda
Eilat
March 1949 events in Asia
Urbacodon ("URBAC tooth") is a genus of troodontid dinosaur, a type of small carnivore. It lived in Uzbekistan during the early Late Cretaceous Period, about 95 million years ago.
On 9 September 2004, a lower jaw of a small theropod was uncovered by Anton Sergeevich Rezwiy near Itemir in the IT-01 quarry.
The type species, Urbacodon itemirensis, was named by Alexandr Averianov and Hans-Dieter Sues in 2007. The first part of the generic name Urbacodon is an acronym, honouring the Uzbek, Russian, British, American and Canadian scientists who participated in its discovery. This acronym was combined with a Greek ὀδών, odon, "tooth". The specific name refers to the provenance from Itemir.
The name was based on the holotype ZIN PH 944/16, a single left dentary with preserved replacement teeth from the Cenomanian Dzharakuduk Formation. Averianov and Sues also identified teeth and other material, earlier described by Lev Nesov, as a Urbacodon sp. from the nearby Turonian Bissekty Formation.
The holotype dentary of U. itemirensis is 79.2 millimetres long (3.12 in) and has 32 tooth positions. It is rather straight in top view. The teeth are closely packed but between the front twenty-four teeth and the rear eight teeth, a distinctive gap is present, a diastema. This is a unique trait but was not formally designated as an autapomorphy because it might be the result of individual variation. Urbacodon resembles Byronosaurus and Mei but differs from most other Troodontidae in that its teeth lack serrations. Urbacodon is distinguished from Byronosaurus by a less vascularized lateral dentary groove and more bulbous anterior tooth crowns, and from Mei by considerably larger size.
Averianov and Sues viewed Urbacodon as more plesiomorphic than Troodon and Saurornithoides in having a straight dentary with fewer teeth, but did not attempt to place it on a cladogram. In 2010, a cladistic analysis showed it as a close relative of Byronosaurus and Xixiasaurus.
See also
Timeline of troodontid research
References
Troodontids
Turonian life
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossils of Uzbekistan
Bissekty Formation
Fossil taxa described in 2007
Taxa named by Hans-Dieter Sues
The Northern Burlington County Regional School District is a comprehensive regional school district serves students in seventh through twelfth grades from four communities in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. Students are served from Chesterfield Township, Mansfield Township, North Hanover Township and Springfield Township, along with children of military personnel based at Joint Base McGuire–Dix–Lakehurst.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the district, comprised of two schools, had an enrollment of 2,163 students and 168.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.8:1.
Using a formula that reflects the population and the value of the assessed property in each of the constituent municipalities, taxpayers in Mansfield Township pay 46.5% of the district's tax levy, while the remainder is apportioned to residents Chesterfield Township (21.6%), Springfield Township (17.7%) and North Hanover Township (14.2%). The district's 2013-14 budget included $35.6 million in spending.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
History
The district was established after the four constituent districts approved a referendum in March 1956. A November 1958 ballot question asked for approval of funds to buy a plot of land and fund the construction of a school building. With much of the area being rural, plans were made to have the school focus on vocational agriculture, including getting input from a Rutgers University expert on developing the agricultural component of the syllabus.
Constructed with 29 classrooms at a cost of $1.25 million (equivalent to $ million in ), the new school opened in September 1960 with 750 students, including 150 children of those stationed at McGuire Air Force Base.
Attendance area
It is the singular secondary school district for most of North Hanover Township, except portions on Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, which is listed by the U.S. Census Bureau as having its own school district. Students on portions of the joint base attend area school district public schools, as the Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA) does not operate any schools on that base. Students on-post in the McGuire and Dix areas (McGuire Air Force Base and Fort Dix) may attend one of the following in their grade levels, with all siblings in a family taking the same choice: Northern Burlington County Regional (secondary district), North Hanover Township District (elementary district), and Pemberton Township School District (K-12).
Schools
The schools in the district (with 2018–19 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Northern Burlington County Regional Middle School with 743 students in grades 7 - 8
Dr. Andrew Kearns, Principal
Susan Grater, Assistant Principal
Dr. Daniel Uszaki, Assistant Principal / Athletic Director
Northern Burlington County Regional High School with 1,403 students in grades 9-12
Dr. Sally Lopez, Principal
Brandon Bennett, Assistant Principal
Christopher Cataline, Assistant Principal
Nancy Hoch, Assistant Principal
Both schools are located in the Columbus section of Mansfield Township.
Administration
Core members of the district's administration are:
Dr. James Sarruda, Superintendent of Schools
Richard Kaz Jr., School Business Administrator / Board Secretary
Board of education
The district's board of education has nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district. The nine seats on the Board of Education are allocated based on the population of the constituent municipalities, with three seats assigned to both Mansfield Township and North Hanover Township, two seats to Chesterfield Township and one seat to Springfield Township.
References
External links
Northern Burlington County Regional School District
School Data for the Northern Burlington County Regional School District, National Center for Education Statistics
1956 establishments in New Jersey
School districts established in 1956
Chesterfield Township, New Jersey
Mansfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey
North Hanover Township, New Jersey
Springfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey
New Jersey District Factor Group DE
School districts in Burlington County, New Jersey
James Crowe Richmond (22 September 1822 – 19 January 1898) was a New Zealand politician, engineer, and an early painter in watercolours of the New Zealand landscape.
Early life
Richmond was born in London, England, the son of Christopher Richmond, barrister and his wife, Maria Wilson. He was educated at Hackney Grammar School, at Hove House, Brighton and at the school attached to University College London. He was apprenticed to the engineer Samuel Clegg and from 1845 served on the staff of Isambard Kingdom Brunel for three years working on the Great Western Railway in southern England.
Richmond emigrated to New Zealand with his younger brother Henry Richmond on the Victory on 3 October 1850. The ship arrived in Auckland in February 1851 and the two walked south to Taranaki where they purchased a few acres near the home of their aunt Helen, who had married John Hursthouse and had also settled in Taranaki. Eventually members of the Richmond, Hursthouse, Atkinson and Ronald families, who were related by marriage, all settled near one another in the area.
Richmond returned to England in 1854 and married Mary Smith on 21 August 1856 before returning to New Zealand on the Kenilworth, which arrived in New Plymouth on 8 July 1857.
Political career
Richmond was elected unopposed as Member of Parliament for Omata at a 16 April 1860 by-election. He remained in Parliament until he resigned in 1865, as he was called to the Legislative Council, where he remained for only four months. He then represented Grey and Bell from 1866 to 1870, when he was defeated.
Mary had left for Nelson with other Taranaki refugees from the New Zealand Wars in 1860. In 1862 he joined her and became the editor of the Nelson Examiner while continuing his political career. After the fall of the Fox Ministry, he also became the Commissioner of Crown Lands. He served on the Nelson Provincial Council and was also appointed provincial secretary from 1863 to 1865.
Art
He formed a close and lifelong friendship with John Gully and continued to paint and sketch in what little spare time he had.
Later life
Mary died in Nelson on 29 October 1865 having never fully recovered from the birth of her fifth child, and this event left Richmond 'harassed & broken'. However, by 1866 he was back in politics and moved his family to Taranaki. By 1869 the family had moved back to Nelson. Other family connections were also living there, including his brother William's family and his sister Maria and her husband, Arthur Atkinson.
Richmond travelled with his three eldest children to England and Europe in 1873 but returned to Nelson by January 1881. He continued to travel frequently. His daughter Dorothy Kate Richmond was an artist and art teacher.
Death
Richmond died at the house of his daughter, Ann Elizabeth, in Otaki, which he was visiting, on 19 January 1898.
References
External links
Artworks by James Crowe Richmond in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
Biography in the 1966 Encyclopaedia of New Zealand
James Crowe Richmond, Artist (eText)
Fairfield House and the Atkinson and Richmond Families
1822 births
1898 deaths
English emigrants to New Zealand
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Members of the Cabinet of New Zealand
Members of the Nelson Provincial Council
People from Taranaki
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1871 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for North Island electorates
People from the London Borough of Hackney
19th-century New Zealand painters
19th-century New Zealand male artists
Atkinson–Hursthouse–Richmond family
Colonial Secretaries of New Zealand
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Engineers from London
Shaquil Delos (born 16 June 1999) is a French professional footballer who plays as a full-back for club Nancy.
Career
On 5 May 2019, Delos signed his first professional contract with Chambly. He made his professional debut with Chambly in a 3–0 Ligue 2 loss to Lens on 3 December 2019.
References
External links
UNFP Profile
1999 births
Living people
People from Les Lilas
French footballers
Association football fullbacks
FC Chambly Oise players
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Black French sportspeople
The 2021 LFA season would have been the sixth season of the Liga de Fútbol Americano Profesional (LFA), the top American football league in Mexico. Initially, the regular season was scheduled to begin in March 2021. However, the kickoff date was pushed back three months, due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, with the season intended to start on 4 June 2021.
In April 2021, however, the league confirmed the cancelation of the 2021 season due to the pandemic, stating that it would be almost impossible to play from June to September and then again start the next season in February 2022, thus, choosing not to play the 2021 season.
Preseason events
Coaching changes
Artilleros: After coaching the team for two seasons, Gustavo Torres left the Artilleros.
Osos: Michel Esquivel replaced Horacio García as head coach of the team. García previously coached the Osos in their two seasons as an American football franchise; García left to lead the Pumas Acatlán varsity football team.
Pioneros: Ricardo Cuanalo replaced Rassiel López as head coach of the team. López was promoted to general manager.
Team changes
Two teams left the league on February before the beginning of the season: Artilleros Puebla and Pioneros Querétaro.
Teams
References
LFA
LFA
LFA seasons
LFA
Michael Christie (June 25, 1969 – April 22, 2004) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour, Nationwide Tour and NGA Hooters Tour.
Christie was born in Greenville, South Carolina. He was an All-American at the University of South Carolina in 1992. Christie got his start in professional golf in 1993 by qualifying for the U.S. Open, where he finished T-52. He won his first pro tournament on the then Nike Tour at the Carolina Classic in Raleigh, North Carolina in 1995 by shooting a tournament record of 22-under-par. He played on the Nike Tour from 1994 to 1996 winning four times and earned his PGA Tour card as a result of his three victories in 1996, finishing second Stewart Cink on the money list. Christie played on the PGA Tour from 1997 to 2000; his best finish was a tie for sixth at the Greater Vancouver Open in 1997.
Christie began experiencing debilitating physical ailments beginning in 1998 which curtailed his golfing career. Through several surgeries, he attempted comebacks to the professional ranks through 2003. Christie died of a self-inflicted wound at the age of 34.
In addition to his successes on the PGA and Nationwide Tours, Christie won twice on the Hooters Tour. His teammates at the University of South Carolina included current pros Carl Paulson and Brett Quigley.
Professional wins (6)
Nike Tour wins (4)
Other wins (2)
2 wins on the NGA Hooters Tour
Results in major championships
"T" = tied
Note: Christie only played in the U.S. Open.
See also
1996 Nike Tour graduates
List of golfers with most Web.com Tour wins
References
External links
American male golfers
South Carolina Gamecocks men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from South Carolina
Sportspeople from Greenville, South Carolina
Suicides by firearm in South Carolina
2004 suicides
1969 births
2004 deaths
Japan Today is an online newspaper based in Tokyo, Japan that is owned by GPlusMedia Co. Ltd. It publishes wire articles, press releases, and photographs, as well as opinion and contract pieces, such as company profiles, in English.
References
External links
2000 establishments in Japan
English-language newspapers published in Japan
Newspapers published in Tokyo
Newspapers established in 2000
Arion Lemesou was a Cypriot football club based in Limassol. Founded in 1956. The team was playing 5 seasons in Second Division. In September 1970 merged with Apollon Limassol keeping the name Apollon.
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1970
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
1970 disestablishments in Cyprus
Kuntugushevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Kuntugushevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 247 as of 2010. There are 11 streets.
Geography
Kuntugushevo is located 14 km southeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novourazayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
was the tenth Shikken (1301–1311) of the Kamakura shogunate.
References
1275 births
1311 deaths
Hōjō clan
People of Kamakura-period Japan
Sir John Baker (1828 – 9 November 1909) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom.
He was elected at the 1892 general election as one of the two Members of Parliament (MPs) for Portsmouth, and held the seat until his defeat at the 1900 general election, when both Portsmouth seats were won by the Conservative Party.
He was re-elected at the 1906 general election, but died in office in 1909, aged 81. No by-election was held for his seat before Parliament was dissolved for the January 1910 general election.
References
Historical list of MPs: P
External links
1828 births
1909 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1906–1910
UK MPs 1892–1895
UK MPs 1895–1900
Knights Bachelor
English justices of the peace
Wyoming Highway 161 (WYO 161) is a Wyoming State Road located in eastern Goshen County and travels from an intersection with U.S. Route 85 (US 85) and WYO 152 near Yoder east to WYO 92 at Huntley.
Route description
Wyoming Highway 161 is a highway that begins its west end at US 85 and the eastern terminus of WYO 152 just east of the town of Yoder (WYO 152 continues west). WYO 161 heads east, turns north briefly at approximately 3 miles, but quickly turns back east. For its entire length, WYO 161 travels through farmland and only intersects county and local roads. Highway 161 reaches its end at WYO 92 in the community of Huntley.
Major intersections
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 100-199
WYO 161 - WYO 92 to US 85/WYO 152
Transportation in Goshen County, Wyoming
161
Mór Vavrinecz (18 July 1858 Cegléd, Hungary – 16 August 1913 Budapest, Austria-Hungary) was a composer, conductor of Matthias Church of Buda, teacher at the Bartók Music Secondary School.
Biography
Mór Vavrinecz was born in Cegléd as a son of a family with Czech origin, whose father was Ignác Vavrinecz, employee of Hungarian Royal Railways and his mother was Erzsébet. He gained his musical knowledge as a self-learner and gathered musical theoretical knowledge based on books. For a short period he was the private student of Róbert Volkmann .
At the age of 28, on 1 October 1886 he was appointed as the conductor of Mathias Church. He took this position up to his death. At the beginning his position was honorific, because the church was under reconstruction led by Frigyes Schulek. Mór Vavrinecz started to act in the Church in 1893, after the end of the reconstruction. At the same time he was the director of Musical Schook of Budavár. He was a teacher at the Bartók Music Secondary School. From 1901 as acting, from 1902 as an appointed one, where he taught music theory and consonant. His music theory and music critical writings were published in several periodicals.(Fővárosi Lapok, Zeneirodalmi Szemle) jelentek meg.
His major religious and profane operas were successful abroad, while his chamber musics were popular in Hungary as well. His songs which were written in Hungarian, German and Czech were played frequently. He wrote dances as well under the nickname Pali Tánczos. Main parts of his religious music consists of eight masses, from which five include orchestra parts, three include only pipe organ. His masses got international success as well. His most well-known religious works include Missa pastoralis, Karácsonyi mise. and Requiem, which was written to his friend, Anton Koukl's death. Kouk wrote libretto for one of his first opera, Svitava. Other bigger religious works include Stabat Mater, Christus-oratórium and two Te Deums. Hois musical style is influenced by the German Romanticism and the partially Czech music. He has personal connection to Bedřich Smetana.
He died at the age of 55 as a result of a serious illness.
Works
His legacy is stored at the musical department of National Széchenyi Library, several of his works and manuscripts are stored at the sheet collection of Matthias Church. Not so much of his non-religious works have been printed at all, several of his works were published by himself. His major labels included Schuberth in Leipzig, Musical Publishing House of Nándor Táborszky and Rózsavölgyi and Co. Publishong House in Budapest.
His works were organised in 1940 by his son, Gábor Vavrinecz, several of the musics are known based on his copies.
Operas
Ratcliff (1895, Prague)
Rosamunda (1895, Frankfurt am Main)
Éva (1887–1891, based on the Tragedy of Man by Imre Madách, haven't been played.)
Religious works
Stabat Mater (1886)
Requiem
Krisztus – oratorio
8 mise
References
1858 births
1913 deaths
Hungarian classical composers
Hungarian male classical composers
Hungarian opera composers
Male opera composers
People from Cegléd
Hungarian people of Czech descent
Mary F. O'Brien is a United States Air Force lieutenant general who serves as the director for command, control, communications, and computers/cyber and chief information officer of the Joint Staff since August 5, 2022. She most recently served as the Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance and Cyber Effects Operations from 2019 to 2022. Prior to serving in that position, O'Brien commanded the Twenty-Fifth Air Force.
O'Brien is from Bloomfield Hills, Michigan and graduated from the United States Air Force Academy in 1989 with a Bachelor of Science in chemistry. In April 2022, O'Brien was nominated for appointment as director of command, control, communications, and computers/cyber and chief information officer of the Joint Staff.
Effective dates of promotions
References
Air War College alumni
George Washington University alumni
Living people
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Air Force Academy alumni
United States Air Force generals
United States Air Force personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Year of birth uncertain
Fromund le Brun (died 1283) was a cleric and judge in thirteenth-century Ireland who became Lord Chancellor of Ireland. He lost a long battle to become Archbishop of Dublin, due to his notorious pluralism (i.e his holding of multiple benefices). He also clashed bitterly with the Archbishop of Cashel, David Mac Cerbaill.
Early career
He may have been a descendant of Sir William le Brun, who came to Ireland during the Norman Invasion of Ireland, and he was probably related to a later William le Brun, who was also a royal clerk. He is said to have been illegitimate. He is first heard of in 1248 as a clerk to the Justiciar of Ireland, Sir John Fitzgeoffrey,and apparently gained considerable judicial experience in this way: Fitzgeoffrey was a strong and capable viceroy, who reorganised the government of Ulster, and Le Brun must have learnt a good deal from him.
His duties included administrative tasks: his first recorded assignment was to deliver treasure to the King's Wardrobe (a Department of the Royal Household, not simply a room) at Marlborough. He was appointed Lord Chancellor in 1259 and held the office with (possibly) one intermission until his death in 1283. He was a noted pluralist: he was appointed Archdeacon of Waterford, while he also held livings in the dioceses of Dublin, Winchester and Salisbury. He became a papal chaplain in 1259.
Failure to become Archbishop of Dublin
He was the choice of the monks of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin (then called Holy Trinity Priory), to be Archbishop of Dublin in 1271, on the death of Fulk Basset, but he was opposed by another papal chaplain and proctor, William de la Corner, Archdeacon of Glendalough, who was the choice of the Chapter of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin. The matter dragged on for several years, and was in due course referred to the Pope. Le Brun's record of pluralism destroyed his chances of becoming Archbishop, when it was found that he was unlawfully in possession of one of his benefices.
Pope Nicholas III declared his election void, but also passed over William in favour of a compromise candidate, John de Derlington, who as a royal confessor also enjoyed the confidence of the English Crown (in the event Derlington, detained by official business in England, died without ever setting foot in Ireland). William de la Corner subsequently became Bishop of Salisbury.
Quarrel with the Archbishop of Cashel
In 1275 Le Brun, like the rest of the Dublin administration, became involved in a bitter quarrel with the formidable Archbishop of Cashel, David Mac Cerbaill (or MacCarwell). The actual issue - the building of a prison in Cashel, followed by a dispute over who should have charge of it - seems trivial enough to modern eyes, but the Archbishop, then as throughout his career, showed himself to be an ambitious, quarrelsome and high-handed man, who in his 35 years as Archbishop of Cashel clashed with almost every other leading Irish figure. He took grave offence at the suggestion that he should not have exclusive possession of the prison, arguing that Crown control of the gaol was prejudicial to his rights, and fuelled
the controversy by excommunicating his opponents. The outraged Le Brun wrote to Robert Burnell, the Lord Chancellor of England, complaining of the Archbishop's conduct in the strongest terms. The matter dragged on for several years, and the Archbishop was successful in obtaining control of the gaol, but in 1282 Le Brun was found to be blameless, and in recompense, the English Crown ordered that he receive either a prebend or some other benefice. He died a few months later. He was active till close to the end, travelling to Clonmel and Kilmallock to hear pleas.
Roebuck Castle and the Le Brun family
Fromund bought Roebuck Castle, in the south of County Dublin, in 1261. It is likely that the purchase was a bad bargain since he was rumoured to be heavily in debt shortly before his death. Roebuck passed to Nigel le Brun, who seems to have been Fromund's nephew. Nigel and his wife Amicia also acquired Knocktopher Castle in County Kilkenny. He was living in 1309. The Le Brun family remained at Roebuck until the late fifteenth century, when it passed by marriage to Robert Barnewall, 1st Baron Trimlestown, who married Elizabeth le Brun, daughter of Christopher le Brun, the last male representative of the family. It is now part of the campus of University College Dublin. Fromund also held lands at Tankardstown in County Meath, which he later granted to Theobald Butler.
He was succeeded as Lord Chancellor by Walter de Fulburn.
References
13th-century Irish judges
13th-century English bishops
13th-century Irish Roman Catholic priests
Normans in Ireland
Anglo-Normans
Lord chancellors of Ireland
Archdeacons of Waterford
North Little Rock Municipal Airport is a public use airport in Pulaski County, Arkansas, United States. It is owned by the City of North Little Rock and located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) north of its central business district.
This airport is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation reliever airport for Little Rock National Airport.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned ORK by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned ORK to Cork Airport in Cork, Ireland).
Facilities and aircraft
North Little Rock Municipal Airport covers an area of 621 acres (251 ha) at an elevation of 545 feet (166 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 5/23 is 5,002 by 75 feet (1,525 x 23 m) with a concrete surface and 17/35 is 3,019 by 75 feet (920 x 23 m) with an asphalt surface.
For the 12-month period ending August 31, 2008, the airport had 37,200 aircraft operations, an average of 101 per day: 97% general aviation, 3% air taxi, and <1% military. At that time there were 150 aircraft based at this airport: 78% single-engine, 13% multi-engine, 4% jet, 5% helicopter, and 1% ultralight.
The airport's fixed-base operators (FBOs) are Barrett Aviation and Air Charter Express.
References
External links
North Little Rock Municipal Airport at Arkansas Department of Aeronautics
Airport page at City of North Little Rock website
Aerial image as of March 2001 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Arkansas
Transportation in Pulaski County, Arkansas
Buildings and structures in North Little Rock, Arkansas
Muna Kalameya Durka (; born June 19, 1988) is a Sudanese steeplechase runner. Durka represented Sudan at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed for the first ever women's 3000 metres steeplechase. She ran in the second heat against sixteen other athletes, including Russia's Tatyana Petrova, who eventually won the bronze medal in the final. She finished the race in ninth place by six seconds behind Ethiopia's Sofia Assefa, with a time of 9:53.09. Durka, however, failed to advance into the final, as she placed thirty-eighth overall, and was ranked below four mandatory slots for the next round.
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1988 births
Living people
Sudanese steeplechase runners
Sudanese female middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Sudan
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Female steeplechase runners
The 1981–82 Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team represented the University of Louisville during the 1981-82 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, Louisville's 69th season of intercollegiate competition. The Cardinals competed in the Metro Conference and were coached by Denny Crum, who was in his eleventh season. The team played its home games at Freedom Hall.
Louisville defeated Alabama Birmingham 75–68 to win the NCAA tournament Mideast Regional and advance to the Final Four (their 5th) where they fell to eventual runner-up Georgetown 50–46. The Cardinals finished with a 23–10 (8–4) record.
Roster
Schedule
NCAA tournament
Mideast region
Final four
References
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball seasons
Louisville
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament Final Four seasons
Louisville
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball, 1981-82
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball, 1981-82
Prvoslav Mihajlović (; 13 April 1921 – 28 June 1978) was a Serbian-Yugoslav footballer and head coach.
Biography
On the national level he played for Yugoslavia national team (13 matches/6 goals) and was a participant at the 1948 Olympic Games, where his team won a silver medal, and at the 1950 FIFA World Cup. With Partizan he won 2 national championships (1947, 1949) and 4 Yugoslav cups (1947, 1952, 1954, 1957). During 1951. Mihajlović played 10 friendly matches on loan for Red Star in two months and after that he came back to Partizan.
Mihajlović later worked as a football manager and coached several teams, including OFK Beograd and Yugoslavia national team, which he led at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He also worked as assistant coach in Partizan (1959–1963) and won 3 national championships (1961, 1962, 1963).
He was the secretary and technical director of FK Partizan (1959–1963), then worked in Alexandria, Egypt (1963–1966) and Karşıyaka, Turkey (1966) and Münster, West Germany (1966–1967). He also worked in Kuwait.
References
External links
Prvoslav Mihajlović at Mackolik.com
Yugoslavia international footballers
Olympic footballers of Yugoslavia
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Yugoslav footballers
Serbian footballers
Yugoslav football managers
Yugoslav expatriate football managers
Serbian football managers
Footballers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
1950 FIFA World Cup players
1962 FIFA World Cup managers
FK Obilić players
OFK Beograd players
FK Partizan players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Yugoslav First League players
Association football midfielders
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Expatriate football managers in Egypt
Sportspeople from Valjevo
1921 births
1978 deaths
Olympic medalists in football
Karşıyaka S.K. managers
SC Preußen Münster managers
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
The significand (also mantissa or coefficient, sometimes also argument, or ambiguously fraction or characteristic) is part of a number in scientific notation or in floating-point representation, consisting of its significant digits. Depending on the interpretation of the exponent, the significand may represent an integer or a fraction.
Example
The number 123.45 can be represented as a decimal floating-point number with the integer 12345 as the significand and a 10−2 power term, also called characteristics, where −2 is the exponent (and 10 is the base). Its value is given by the following arithmetic:
123.45 = 12345 × 10−2.
The same value can also be represented in normalized form with 1.2345 as the fractional coefficient, and +2 as the exponent (and 10 as the base):
123.45 = 1.2345 × 10+2.
Schmid, however, called this representation with a significand ranging between 1.0 and 10 a modified normalized form.
For base 2, this 1.xxxx form is also called a normalized significand.
Finally, the value can be represented in the format given by the Language Independent Arithmetic standard and some programming language standards, including Ada, C, Fortran and Modula-2, as
123.45 = 0.12345 × 10+3.
Schmid called this representation with a significand ranging between 0.1 and 1.0 the true normalized form.
For base 2, this 0.xxxx form is also called a normed significand.
Significands and the hidden bit
For a normalized number, the most significant digit is always non-zero. When working in binary, this constraint uniquely determines this digit to always be 1; as such, it does not need to be explicitly stored, being called the hidden bit. The significand is characterized by its width in (binary) digits, and depending on the context, the hidden bit may or may not be counted towards the width of the significand. For example, the same IEEE 754 double-precision format is commonly described as having either a 53-bit significand, including the hidden bit, or a 52-bit significand, excluding the hidden bit. IEEE 754 defines the precision p to be the number of digits in the significand, including any implicit leading bit (e.g., p = 53 for the double-precision format), thus in a way independent from the encoding, and the term to express what is encoded (that is, the significand without its leading bit) is trailing significand field.
Terminology
The term significand was introduced by George Forsythe and Cleve Moler in 1967 and is the word used in the IEEE standard.
However, in 1946 Arthur Burks used the terms mantissa and characteristic to describe the two parts of a floating-point number (Burks et al.) and that usage remains common among computer scientists today. Mantissa and characteristic have long described the two parts of the logarithm found on tables of common logarithms. While the two meanings of exponent are analogous, the two meanings of mantissa are not equivalent. For this reason, the use of mantissa for significand is discouraged by some including the creator of the standard, William Kahan and prominent computer programmer and author of The Art of Computer Programming, Donald E. Knuth.
The confusion is because scientific notation and floating-point representation are log-linear, not logarithmic. To multiply two numbers, given their logarithms, one just adds the characteristic (integer part) and the mantissa (fractional part). By contrast, to multiply two floating-point numbers, one adds the exponent (which is logarithmic) and multiplies the significand (which is linear).
See also
Mantissa (logarithm)
Notes
References
Floating point
Computer arithmetic
A digital assistant may refer to:
Personal digital assistant (PDA), a small battery-powered and very pocketable computer for personal organizational or recreational purposes
Enterprise digital assistant (EDA), a small battery-powered and very pocketable computer for business or industrial use
An embodied agent of artificial intelligence
Virtual assistants, software agents that can perform certain tasks based on voice commands
The 1960–61 Danish 1. division season was the fourth season of ice hockey in Denmark, and the first season of the Danish 1. division. Four teams participated in the league, and KSF Copenhagen won the championship.
Regular season
Relegation
Furesø - Horsens SF 22:0
Furesø - Silkeborg SF 6:1
Silkeborg SF was relegated to the 2. division, and Furesø was promoted to the 1. division for the 1961–62 season.
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1960 in Danish sport
1961 in Danish sport
The Royal Military Order of Saint George for the Defense of the Faith and the Immaculate Conception (), also known as the Royal Bavarian House Equestrian Order of Saint George (), was founded by Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria in 1726 to provide for a means of honouring the nobility and recognizing distinguished civil and military service. It's status as a Catholic Order was confirmed in a Papal Bull of 15 March 1728 specifically comparing the Order with the Teutonic Order, which had likewise been transformed from a Crusading Order to an exclusive chivalric religious institution for the Nobility.
Establishment
There are rumors that the order was founded as early as the twelfth century, or by Emperor Maximilian I, but historical records do not support these claims. Allegedly, the tradition of loyalty to the patron saint of chivalry, Saint George, was long established in Germany, and various Bavarian Princes, who in the fifteenth century had made pilgrimages to the Holy Sepulcher and were there invested as knights, had each made a promise to Saint George.
The Order was founded by Elector Charles Albert on April 24, 1729, who gave it its title of Order of the Holy Knight and Martyr Saint George and the Immaculate Conception of the Holy Virgin Mary and established its statutes on March 28, 1729 as a Military Order of Chivalry for Roman Catholic noblemen The Grand Master always was the elector, later the king of Bavaria.
It was originally divided in the German and the Foreign class or tongue, the latter including every member with non-German ancestors. By a reform of 1741, a clerical class was introduced, also limited to noblemen, including a bishop, provosts, four deans, and chaplains.
The order was divided in four classes:
Three Grand Priors
Six Knight Commanders
Twelve Commanders
Knights.
The Order was organised in three Grand Priories: Upper Bavaria, Lower Bavaria and Upper Palatinate. The rank of the Grand Prior was limited to the princes of Bavaria. Knights were promoted to Commanders and Commanders to Knight Commander alternating by the Grand Master (de grâce) and by seniority (de justice).
The statutes in forty articles dedicate the members to an ardent Christian devotion unparalleled among institutions founded in the eighteenth century, the age of the Enlightenment. They require that the knights "must honour God above all else; You must be strong in faith in Our Lord Jesus Christ, honor your Sovereign Lord, love and respect him and his royal prerogatives" and replicate promises made at the Tomb.
Due it's statutes, the order was originally a dynastic (elector, later king as Grand Master, princes as Grand Priors), a religious (Defense of the Immaculate Conception), and an Order of Merit (promotion of every second Kight Commander and Commander by the Grand Master; limitation of different grades) at the same time.
Order in 19th and 20th centuries
In reforming the various military and noble Orders, Maximilian I. confirmed the privileges already enjoyed by the knights of Saint George, giving them precedence after the knights of Saint Hubert. By a new Constitution of 25 February 1827, Maximilian's son and successor, Ludwig I declared that the King was always to be Grand Master, the Crown Prince the first Grand Prior, and other Princes of the Bavarian Royal House second Grand Priors. These statutes, which have remained largely in force, established six Grand Commanders, twelve hereditary commanders, and unlimited knights.
The requirements have always been formidable, as originally a member had to prove 32 quarterings with 32 noble German ancestors. Since the 1871 reforms, the requirement has been revised to proof of four hundred years of nobility in each of the four quarters and proof that all 32 great-great-great-grandparents were noble, still rigidly enforced. The statutes were again revised on 11 December 1999 (approved by the present Head of the House, Duke Franz, on 11 January 2000), suppressing the separate clerical class (priests may join the Order as regular members, provided they have the necessary nobiliary qualifications) and simplified the regulations. A candidate must be at least 21 years of age, and before admission, is examined by a committee of knights. The last King of Bavaria continued to maintain the Order after abdicating his throne and was succeeded by his son, Rupprecht, Crown Prince of Bavaria.
The present Grand Master of the Order is Franz Herzog von Bavaria who succeeded his father, Duke Albrecht in 1996. Unlike other noble Orders, the rules requiring noble proofs are strictly enforced and there is no category of "honorary" or "grace" knights. The Order is dedicated to the practice of works of charity and the establishment of hospitals, and until recently maintained a 100-bed hospital. There are about ninety members and the Order celebrates its feast days on Saint George's Day (24 April) and the Feast of the Immaculate Conception (8 December). The coadjutor Grand Master and first Grand Prior is Prince Max, Duke in Bavaria, and the Princes Luitpold, Wolfgang, Christoph and Leopold of Bavaria are Grand Priors (2013).
Insignia
The badge of the Order is a blue enamelled gold Maltese cross with white enamelled borders with small gold balls on the points and blue diagonal lozenges between the arms also with white enamelled borders. Each of these lozenges bears a gold letter, V. I. B. I., representing the words Virgini Immaculatae Bavaria Immaculata ("Immaculate Bavaria for the Immaculate Virgin"). The round gold medallion in the center has the image of the Virgin Mary within a white enamelled border. The reverse of the badge has the same design except that the arms of the cross are enamelled red, the blue lozenges bear the letters I. V. P. F., representing the words Justis Vt Palma Fiorebit ("Distinguished for Justice and Glory") and the center gold medallion is of Saint George slaying the Dragon within a green enamelled laurel wreath. The badge hangs from a light blue silk moire ribbon with white stripes near its border with narrow dark blue stripes on the inside of these white stripes by means of a suspension link in the form of a gold lion's head holding in its mouth a blue reverse crescent shaped handle of the gold and enamel strapwork supporting the badge proper.
The officials of the order wore a special heraldic cross, a Maltese cross like the former, but with its round central medallion bearing the red cross of St. George on a white background and on its upper and lower arms a gold lion rampart on black background (i.e., the arms of the Electorate of the Palatinate) and on the right and left arms three blue lozenges on a white background (i.e., the arms of the Duchy of Bavaria). Between the arms of the cross are lozenges bearing the letters I. V. I. B. on a blue background, but without the white enameled borders. This cross hangs from the same gold lion's head suspension cross as the badge of the order.
The star is a Maltese cross like the badge but in silver instead of gold, the arms being also blue with white borders, but with four blue and white alternating lozenges between each of the arms and with the red cross of Saint George on a white background as its centre medallion.
On formal occasions the badge is worn by the members of the first class of the order (i.e., Grand Master, Grand Priors and Grand Commanders) from a gold collar formed of links in 1. the form of a gold rectangle, each bearing two or three letters of the motto of the order, IN FIDE JUSTITIA ET FORTITUDINE ("In faith, justice and fortitude"), with gold Bavarian royal crowns on the other side of this rectangle, between red enameled flames emitting from blue enameled strapwork on both the upper and lower sides of this link, alternating with links in 2. the form of two gold lions rampart combatant standing on a gold scroll, each supporting with one forepaw a central white enameled column surmounted by a gold orb and cross, the lion on the left holding a torch in its right forepaw and the lion on the right holding a sword in its left forepaw. Separating these alternating links and alternating with each of them are links 3. in the form of two lozenges, one above the other, with each lozenge subdivided into four blue and white lozenges (from the arms of Bavaria); i.e., 1-3-2-3-1-3, etc.
The Formal Habit of the First Class
In the ceremonies of the first class of the order used to wear a formal habit consisting of a white satin tunic embroidered down the front and around the bottom hem in silver thread with a design of conjoined pairs of oak and olive wreaths, alternating with olive branches, with similar embroidery on the sleeves and the star of the order embroidered on the left breast. Over this was worn a steel blue velvet mantle with the same design of conjoined wreaths and olive branches embroidered in silver thread on the hem and collar of the mantle as on the tunic and the star of the order embroidered on the left breast, over which they wore the collar of the order. At present, the first class wear the collar of the order over a steel blue velvet calf length mantle without any embroidery except for the star of the order on the left breast on such occasions.
References
1726 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
18th-century establishments in Bavaria
Orders of chivalry of Germany
Catholic orders of chivalry
Orders, decorations, and medals of Bavaria
Awards established in 1726
Catholic Mariology
Charles VII, Holy Roman Emperor
Carl Magnus Craelius (1773-1842), was a Swedish opera singer (tenor) and voice teacher. He was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music (1822). He was engaged at the Royal Swedish Opera in 1795-1806. He is known as the mentor of several later famous singers, most notably Jenny Lind.
References
Crælius, Karl Magnus i Nordisk familjebok (andra upplagans supplement, 1923)
1773 births
1842 deaths
18th-century Swedish male opera singers
19th-century Swedish male opera singers
EPAL (Enosis Panelliniou-Antaeus Limassol) was a Cypriot football club based in Limassol. The club was formed in 1963 after the merger of the two clubs of Limassol, Panellinios Limassol and Antaeus Limassol. EPAL was playing 7 seasons in Second Division. At 1971 the club absorbed from Aris Limassol F.C.
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1971
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1963
1963 establishments in Cyprus
1971 disestablishments in Cyprus
Mohammed Rashid Mohammed Iqbal Kamaal, better known as Kamaal Rashid Khan (born 1 January 1975; often referred to as KRK or Kamaal R Khan), is an Indian actor, producer and writer in Hindi and Bhojpuri cinema. He has produced or written most of the films he has starred in, notably the controversial Deshdrohi (2008), his only film as a lead actor. He is best known for his supporting role in Ek Villain (2014) and for participating in the reality show Bigg Boss in 2009. He has also appeared in music videos.
Biography
Khan was born in a Muslim family in Deoband, a town in the Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh, India in 1975. He is the father of two kids, a son and a daughter. A businessman, he ventured into the Indian film industry during the 2000s.
He started out as a producer and writer for films and has also appeared in supporting roles therein, these include the Hindi romance-drama Sitam (; 2005) directed by Partho Ghosh, the Bhojpuri films Tu Hamaar Hou (; 2006) directed by Jayprakkash Shaw, Munna Pandey Berozgaar (; 2007) directed by Manish Jain; romance and comedy films respectively.
Desh Drohi (, 2008), a crime-thriller, was his first film as a leading actor and dealt with organised crime in India and like his previous ventures was also written and produced by him. It received negative reviews from critics and was banned by the Maharashtra state government amid riot concerns for depicting the 2008 attacks on Uttar Pradeshi and Bihari migrants in Maharashtra, which was eventually lifted by the Bombay High Court.
His next was Jimmy (2008) directed by Raj N. Sippy, another crime film written and produced by Khan. He is best known for his supporting role in the film Ek Villain (The Villain; 2014), where he played the role of the titular serial killer's best friend, notably neither produced nor written by him. At the 2015 Ghanta Awards (humorous Bollywood film awards), Khan was awarded the Worst Supporting Actor for Ek Villain.
He also appeared in the third season of the reality show Bigg Boss, the Indian version of Big Brother, in 2009; he later appeared in the stand-up comedy show, Comedy Nights Bachao in 2015. Besides films and television, he has also starred in music videos including "Tum Meri Ho" (2019) sung by Javed Ali, which he also produced and wrote the lyrics for.
He has since shifted to the profession of a YouTuber, posting film reviews and box office analysis. These videos, which often target Indian celebrities, have attracted controversy. Carry Minati, another Indian YouTuber, roasted Khan in a 2016 video "KRK India's Best Film Actor/Producer/Critic". Mika Singh, an Indian singer, released a diss track against Khan, "#krkkutta: Barking Dog - Mika Singh" in 2021.
He was a candidate in the 2014 Indian general election for the Lok Sabha (lower house of the Indian Parliament) from the Samajwadi Party. He quit the party citing differences with Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi's son Farhan Azmi and contested as an independent politician but did not win. He also has business interests in Dubai.
Kamal R Khan has been at the centre of controversies since 2005. Courts in Mumbai granted injunctions to restrict Khan from posting defamatory content against actor Salman Khan and producers Nikhil Dwivedi and Vashu Bhagnani in separate cases in 2021. He was arrested and detained in 2022 by the Mumbai Police, when returning from Dubai where he had been residing, for complaints (filed by Yuva Sena politician Rahul Kanal) on his 2020 tweets against Akshay Kumar-starrer Laxmii, a 2020 LGBT film dealing with transgender issues (hijras), and tweets against director Ram Gopal Varma. After spending nine days in judicial custody, he was granted bail for the tweets and for a separate 2021 sexual molestation complaint filed by model Taashaa Hayaat.
Filmography
Feature films
Television
Music videos
Notes
References
External links
Living people
1975 births
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Indian male film actors
Film producers from Uttar Pradesh
Indian male screenwriters
Indian lyricists
Indian Muslims
Participants in Indian reality television series
People from Deoband
People from Dubai
Indian expatriates in the United Arab Emirates
Candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
Bigg Boss (Hindi TV series) contestants
Samajwadi Party politicians
Male actors in Bhojpuri cinema
Hindi film producers
Hindi screenwriters
YouTube critics and reviewers
Indian YouTubers
Male YouTubers
William Moore Davis (May 22, 1829 – March 26, 1920) was an American painter best known for his landscapes. A native of Long Island, he spent most of his life near Port Jefferson and has been praised as the greatest painter of that village. A contemporary of the Hudson River School, he was greatly influenced by fellow local painter William Sidney Mount.
Biography
William Moore Davis was born in Setauket, Long Island, New York, on May 22, 1829. As a boy, Davis worked in the shipbuilding industry of Port Jefferson before turning to painting full-time. Aside from a handful of years living in New York City, Moore spent his entire life in the Northwestern Brookhaven area of Long Island. He was strongly influenced by his friend and fellow painter William Sidney Mount, also of Setauket origins. Moore died on March 26, 1920, and was buried in the Sea View Cemetery in Mount Sinai, NY.
Davis had few exhibitions during his life but was rediscovered for a 1973 display in Port Jefferson and a 2002 exhibition at the Long Island Museum in Stony Brook
Gallery
References
1829 births
1920 deaths
19th-century American painters
American male painters
American genre painters
American landscape painters
Luminism (American art style)
Hudson River School painters
People from Setauket, New York
People from Port Jefferson, New York
People from Mount Sinai, New York
20th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
20th-century American male artists
Saint George-Lozonschi Church () is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 2 Cloșca Street in Iași, Romania. It is dedicated to Saint George and Saint Catherine of Alexandria.
Origins and description
The first church on the site was built in the 16th century; it was made of wood and also named after Saint George. The oldest mention dates to 1615. The date of construction is unknown, but the ktitor was pârcălab Gheorghe Kataratos, a Greek who lived in Lozna village, hence the nickname Izlozeanul or Lozonschi. The church was also known as the Lady's Church (Biserica Doamnei), the Young Lady's Church (Biserica Domniței) or the Young Lady Mărioara's Church (Biserica Domniței Mărioara). Hence, historian N. A. Bogdan suggested it may have been founded by Maria of Lozonț, one of the ladies of Stephen the Great, or by a descendant or relative of hers. Another historian claims that the Lady's Church was actually located in the princely court, and that a documentary confusion gave rise to an erroneous identification. In 1707, the priests granted a plot of land for a house, itself a gift, to a certain Vasile in exchange for material to build a new roof.
At the end of the 18th century, due to the church's advanced state of degradation, paharnic Iordache Lozonschi, a descendant of the original founder, rebuilt the church in stone. As the Romanian Cyrillic dedication plaque on the south side indicates, the present church was built in 1800. At the same time, the church was also dedicated to Saint Catherine, after the name of Lozonschi's wife. The founder died in 1818, as attested by the white marble gravestone in the nave. A parish church from the beginning, it was attended by members of the bootmakers' guild. During the 19th century, Saint Demetrius-Balș Church was its filial. It did not receive substantial donations and was mainly supported through its own income. Among its properties was the Hăsnășeni estate in the Bessarabia Governorate, the income being transmitted through the Russian consulate. There was a cemetery around the church; the palace of Mihail Sturdza was located to the south, while boyar houses stretched north of the cemetery.
Trefoil in form, the church has semicircular apses on the exterior and interior, with a single octagonal spire above the nave. Notably, the western wall and the altar are rounded, probably an Armenian influence that came through Russia. There is a row of circular windows on the upper part of the church. The vestibule has a space for the choir, divided from the nave by a wall nearly a meter thick. The bell tower sits above the choir. There are two hidden spaces above the side apses. The iconostasis, from 1800, is made of massive wood planks that cannot be removed, other than the four large royal icons.
Subsequent developments
An alehouse once stood near the church. According to one story, Metropolitan Veniamin Costache (reigned 1803-1842, with interruptions) was riding in a carriage in the area when he spotted a drunken priest, whom he chastised. The priest promised not to drink except for St. George and St. Demetrius. Seen drunk a few days later by Costache, the latter upbraided him for breaking his vow. The priest replied his promise meant he would only drink in the bars around St. George and St. Demetrius churches, not that he would abstain from drinking on all but those two feast days.
Using the parish's own income, the church was thoroughly repaired between 1895 and 1898, an event marked by an inscription on a black plaque placed on the interior south wall of the nave. A square foyer that serves as an entrance was added at the time; it is small and classical in design. A Polish painter covered parts of the apse and altar, as well as four triangles on the ceiling, with images of saints and the Four Evangelists. The fresco work was done in neoclassical style but only fragments have survived, in the altar. Among the church's valuables are a wooden communion box from 1806, a silver cross and stand from 1812, a silver candlestick from 1816 and a silver disc from 1825. It also owns a Greek Gospel book from 1793, a Slavonic one from 1803 and ten books from Costache's time, including the Neamț Gospel book of 1821.
The church is listed as a historic monument by Romania's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs.
Notes
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1800
John Edson Sweet (Pompey, New York, October 21, 1832 – Syracuse, New York, May 8, 1916) was an American mechanical engineer, inventor, professor, businessman and president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers from 1884-1885. He is known for building the first micrometer caliper in 1873, for making tools, and for inventing the “straight line” engine.
Biography
Born in Pompey, New York in 1832, Sweet got only some schooling at the district school. He started working young as a farm hand, became a carpenter's apprentice, and settled as architect and builder in the South.
At the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861 he returned to the North. From 1862 to 1864 Sweet worked as mechanical draftsman in England, and upon his return to the States was engaged in bridge building and invented several things. At the Paris Exhibition of 1867 he introduced a linotype machine.
From 1873 to 1878 he was professor of practical mechanics at the Sibley College of Mechanic Arts of Cornell University, which he also headed. Afterwards he was founding president of straight line engine works. At the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893 he was expert for the government, and one of the jurors on machine tools.
In 1880 Sweet was a key founder of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), and its third president in the year 1884–1885. In 1914 the ASME awarded him the John Fritz Medal "for his achievements in machine design, and for his pioneer work in applying sound engineering principles to the construction and development of the high-speed steam engine." In 1914 he also received the honorary degree of Doctor of Engineering from Syracuse University.
In 1894, Sweet admitted that his relatives had carved the Pompey stone as a hoax.
Publications
Patents, a selection
Patent US 121261, Improvement in the manufacture of guards for harvesting-machines, 1871
Patent US 261967, tool post for lathe, 1881
Patent US 532296, steam and water separator, 1884-85
Patent US 624575, Steam-separator, 1896-98
Patent US 682507, Changeable-speed gearing, 1899-1901
References
Further reading
External links
1832 births
1916 deaths
American mechanical engineers
Presidents of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
John Fritz Medal recipients
The men's shot put event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 25 August. A 7257g (Senior implement) shot was used.
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Qualifications
23 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 23 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
Shot put
Shot put at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Gündoğdu, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey. With many hotel's and a long beach which end up at the harbor of Side.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Surface piercings are piercings that are found on flat parts of the body, giving a double-pierced look that sits flat against the skin. A surface bar follows the plane of skin, while a standard piercing is pierced through the plane. Standard piercings have an entrance hole with an exit hole that is usually directly behind the entrance hole, whereas with a surface piercing the entrance and exit holes are next to each other on the skin surface.
Types
Some examples of surface piercings:
Corset piercing: a series of bilaterally symmetrical piercings, normally done on the back, intended to be laced like a corset.
Christina piercing: located at the mons pubis.
Madison piercing: a horizontal piercing located just above the collarbone, at the base of the neck.
Nape piercing: located on the back of the neck.
Neck piercing: located on the side of the neck. It is also called "Vampire Bites".
Hip piercing: located on or beside the hips (on the pelvis near the hips bones).
Wrist piercing: located on or near the wrist, generally on the upper side.
Anti-eyebrow: located under or beside the eye.
Bridge piercing: located horizontally at the bridge of the nose.
Pubic piercing: located in the area/ pubic bone for both men and women.
Belly button piercing: located around or through a part of the navel
Eyebrow piercing: this goes through the eyebrow or through the skin around the eyebrow.
Rejection and migration
Surface piercings can be difficult to heal. They are the most likely to be rejected as they only break through small amounts of skin. This leaves less skin to keep the piercing secure. The body will push it to the surface of the skin causing it to "grow out". Proper placement and jewelry selection by an experienced body piercer can help alleviate this problem. A healed surface piercing can last from a few months to a lifetime.
The human body resists foreign objects including piercings. Rejection occurs when it is "easier" for the body to push the piercing out like a splinter than it is to heal a fistula (skin tunnel) around it. Rejection can be observed when there is abnormal redness around the piercing followed by the appearance of the jewelry through the skin. Additionally, a recipient of a piercing can recognize rejection or infection as a general warmth, irritation or an itchy sensation. As soon as a recipient notices or thinks they notice rejection happening, they should go to a professional body piercer or general practitioner immediately. Rejection can be dangerous and could be indicative of serious infection. Rejection is common among piercings including surface piercings, navel piercings, and eyebrow piercings among others.
Choosing an experienced piercer is also a good way to help reduce rejection. Never be afraid to ask the piercer questions on what to expect as they would know the chances of rejection for the specific piercing they will be performing and may suggest a different approach to this procedure such as different jewelry or changing the location slightly.
Migration is when the piercings start to move away from the original area where they were put through the skin. This is a very slow process and can be difficult to detect. Some symptoms to look for are sensitivity or soreness around the piercing, the skin over the piercing getting noticeably thinner, the pierced hole looking larger or the piercing looking looser in general.
Proper placement and jewelry selection by an experienced body piercer can help reduce the chances of both of these situations to occur. A healed surface piercing can last from a few months to a lifetime if treated properly.
Cleaning
To help decrease the chance of rejection, it is a good idea to regularly clean surface piercings. The best way to clean a piercing is to use clean hands and a saline solution or non-iodized sea salt solution, not agitating the piercing. The piercing should be cleaned a few times a day for the first few weeks. Avoid rubbing alcohol or hydrogen peroxide as they will slow the healing process by drying and killing the new healthy cells. Staying away from ointments such as bacitracin is also ideal - this limits the oxygen transport in the covered tissues.
References
External links
BMEZine page on Surface Piercing Rejection - Explanation of various types of surface piercing techniques and rejection with several photos of piercings in the process of being rejected.
Body piercing aftercare - How to properly care for new piercings.
Cleaning body jewellery
Surface Piercings: Everything You Need to Know
Body Piercings: Cleaning and Healing
Surface piercings
In video technology, blanking level is the level of the composite video signal during the front and back porches of the video signal.
The composite video signal is actually the video information superimposed on blanking. The total level of the composite video signal (blanking + video) is 1000 mV. This level can also be given in IRE units such that the level difference reserved for video information is 100 IRE units. So white corresponds to 100 IRE units and blanking level corresponds to 0 IRE units. The level of black is 0 IRE units in the case of CCIR System B and CCIR System G (European systems) and 7.5 IRE units in the case of CCIR System M (American system). So, while there is no difference between the black and the blanking levels in most systems, they differ by 50 mV in system M. (When defined in terms of voltage difference, 7.5 IRE units is almost equal to 50 mV.)
References
Television technology
Broadcast engineering
Minor histocompatibility antigen (also known as MiHA) are receptors on the cellular surface of donated organs that are known to give an immunological response in some organ transplants. They cause problems of rejection less frequently than those of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC). Minor histocompatibility antigens (MiHAs) are diverse, short segments of proteins and are referred to as peptides . These peptides are normally around 9-12 amino acids in length and are bound to both the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I and class II proteins. Peptide sequences can differ among individuals and these differences arise from SNPs in the coding region of genes, gene deletions, frameshift mutations, or insertions. About a third of the characterized MiHAs come from the Y chromosome. The proteins are composed of a single immunogenic HLA allele . Prior to becoming a short peptide sequence, the proteins expressed by these polymorphic or diverse genes need to be digested in the proteasome into shorter peptides. These endogenous or self peptides are then transported into the endoplasmic reticulum with a peptide transporter pump called TAP where they encounter and bind to the MHC class I molecule. This contrasts with MHC class II molecules's antigens which are peptides derived from phagocytosis/endocytosis and molecular degradation of non-self entities' proteins, usually by antigen-presenting cells. MiHA antigens are either ubiquitously expressed in most tissue like skin and intestines or restrictively expressed in the immune cells.
Minor histocompatibility antigens are due to normal proteins that are in themselves polymorphic in a given population. Even when a transplant donor and recipient are identical with respect to their major histocompatibility complex genes, the amino acid differences in minor proteins can cause the grafted tissue to be slowly rejected.
Several of the identified Autosomally and Y chromosome encoded MiHAs
Known minor histocompatibility antigens
The following table lists the known MiHAs, the variant of genes encode MiHA peptides and their restricted HLA alleles.
T cell Response to MiHAs
The MiHAs bound to a MHC presented on a cell surface may be recognized as a self peptide or not recognized by either CD8+ or CD4+ T cells. The lack of recognition of a T cell to this self antigen is the reason why allogeneic stem cell transplantation for an HLA matched gene or a developing fetus's MiHAs during pregnancy may not be recognized by T cells and marked as foreign leading to an immune response. Although B cell receptors can also recognize MHCs, immune responses seem to only be elicited by T cells. The consequences of an immune response are seen in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HCT) when the peptides encoded by polymorphic genes differ between the recipient and the donor T cells. As a result, the donor T cells can target the recipients cells called graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). Although graft or bone marrow rejection can have detrimental effects, there are immunotherapy benefits when cytotoxic T lymphocytes are specific for a self antigen and can target antigens expressed selectively on leukemic cells in order to destroy these tumor cells referred to as graft-versus- leukemia effect (GVL).
The recognition of a mature T cell to this self antigen should not induce an immune response. During thymic selection occurring in the thymus, only a thymocyte TCR that recognizes either class I or class II MHC molecule plus peptide should survive positive selection. However, there is death by apoptosis of thymocytes that do not interact with MHC molecules or have high-affinity receptors for self MHC plus self antigen a process referred to as negative selection. Therefore, the process of positive and negative selection means fewer self-reactive mature T cells will leave the thymus and lead to autoimmune problems.
Discovery of MiHAs
The significance of MiHAs in an immune response was recognized following transplantation. The recipient developed GVHD despite having a HLA- matched genes at the Major Histocompatibility locus. The experiment raised questions about the possibility of there being MiHAs. More specifically, the first MiHA was discovered when bone marrow transplantation occurred between opposite sexes. The female recipient obtained MHC-matched bone marrow cells but still had active cytotoxic T cells (CD8+). The CD8+ T cells were active and targeted the male bone marrow cells. The male bone marrow cells were found to be presenting a peptide in the MHC groove encoded by a gene on Y chromosome. The peptide was foreign to the female T cells and females lack the Y chromosome and, thus, this MiHA. The MiHAs encoded by the Y chromosome are known as HY antigens.
H-Y Antigen
H-Y antigens are encoded by genes on the Y chromosome. Both HLA class I and II alleles have been found to present these antigens. Some of these antigens are ubiquitously expressed in nucleated male cells, and the presence of these antigens has been associated with a greater risk of developing GVHD allogeneic stem cell transplantation for a HLA matched gene when there's a male recipient and female donor. H-Y MiHA play a role in pregnancy with a male fetus because fetal cells can cross from the placenta into the maternal blood stream where the maternal T cells respond to the foreign antigen presented on both MHC class I and II. Therefore, H-Y specific CD8+ T cells develop in the maternal blood and can target the fetal cells with nucleus expressing the antigen on a MHC class I molecule. The response to these fetal H-Y antigens are involved with women experiencing secondary recurrent miscarriage who were previously pregnant with a male fetus. Women with an earlier male pregnancy have T cells which were previously exposed to these H-Y antigens, and consequently recognize them quicker. It has been found that women with recurrent miscarriage also contain MHC II with ability to present these antigens to T helper cells (CD4+) which is significant for CD8+ activation.
Histocompatibility Antigen 1 (HA1)
HA1 results from a SNP converting the nonimmunogenic allele (KECVLRDDLLEA) to an immunogenic allele (KECVLHDDLLEA). This SNP results in better peptide binding ability to the groove of a particular MHC class I molecules found on antigen presenting cells. The significance of the peptide changing to an immunogenic form is that now specific HLA-A 0201 restricted T cells can recognize the peptide presented by MHC class I HLA-A0201 molecules. This recognition leads to an immune response if the T cells recognize the peptide as foreign. This recognition occurs when an individual lacks the immunogenic version of the peptide, but is exposed to the HA-1 peptide during pregnancy or allogeneic stem cell transplantation. During pregnancy, the fetal HA-1 has been found to originate in the placenta and specific maternal CD8+ T cells recognizing this MiHA have been identified.
Immunotherapy Graft-Versus- Leukemia Effect
CD8+ T cells that are specific for a MiHA can target these antigens when they are expressed specifically on tumor cells, which allows for the destruction of harmful tumor cells. In mice, allogeneic stem cell transplantation donor CD8+ T cells specific for a MiHA found in the recipient has been shown to inhibit the division of leukemic cells. However, there is a risk in developing GVHD if the T cells are specific for MiHAs expressed ubiquitously on epithelial cells. More specifically, HA-8, UGT2B17 and SMCY MiHAs that are ubiquitously expressed present a higher risk of developing GVHD. Therefore, in order to prevent adverse GVHD effects, immune cell restricted MiHAs are ideal targets for graft-versus- leukemia (GVL) since not all nucleated cells are targeted by responding T cells. An example of an ideal target is the MiHA HB-1, which is highly expressed in harmful B cells, but has a low expression in other tissue cells.
Clinical implications
Immunisation of mothers against male-specific minor histocompatibility (H-Y) antigens has a pathogenic role in many cases of secondary recurrent miscarriage, that is, recurrent miscarriage in pregnancies succeeding a previous live birth. An example of this effect is that the male:female ratio of children born prior and subsequent to secondary recurrent miscarriage is 1.49 and 0.76 respectively.
See also
JARID1D
References
External links
Immune system
HMS Exmoor was a destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was a member of the first subgroup of the class, and saw service in the Second World War, before being sunk by German E-boats in 1941.
Construction and commissioning
Exmoor was ordered under the 1939 Naval Building Programme from Parsons Marine Steam Turbines Company, with the hull building being subcontracted to the Vickers-Armstrongs yard, Tyneside. She was laid down as Job No J4099 on 8 June 1939 and launched on 25 January 1940. She was commissioned into service on 18 October 1940, and after working up, was assigned to the 16th Destroyer Flotilla at Scapa Flow.
Career
Exmoor arrived at the Home Fleet at Scapa Flow in November, and on 6 November was detached in company with to escort the merchant ship SS Adda to the Faeroe Islands. Exmoor returned on 11 November and resumed her working up period. In December she escorted the armed merchant cruisers Chitral and Salopian on their way to begin patrols. Exmoor then sailed to Plymouth.
In January Exmoor was part of the escort for the battleship as she sailed from Portsmouth to Rosyth. Exmoor then sailed to Harwich to begin escorting coastal convoys through the North Sea with the 16th Destroyer Flotilla. She carried out these duties into February, and on 23 February was deployed with to escort a convoy from the Thames estuary to Methil. The convoy was attacked by E-boats as it passed off Lowestoft on 25 February. Exmoor suffered an explosion aft, suffering major structural damage and rupturing a fuel supply line. A fire soon broke out which spread rapidly. Exmoor capsized and sank in ten minutes. The survivors were picked up by Shearwater and the trawler Commander Evans, and were taken to Great Yarmouth. Exmoor had either been hit by a torpedo fired by the E-Boat S30 commanded by Klaus Feldt, as the Germans claimed, or had struck a mine as the Admiralty claimed. The wreck is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986. During a 2008-2011 marine biology survey of the area in which she was sunk, the RV Cefas Endeavour discovered the wreck.
A later Hunt-class destroyer, previously planned as HMS Burton, was renamed and launched as .
References
Further reading
External links
HMS Exmoor's wartime career
Exmoor at Uboat.net
Hunt-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
Ships built on the River Tyne
1940 ships
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
World War II shipwrecks in the North Sea
Protected Wrecks of the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in February 1941
Ships built by Vickers Armstrong
Colonel is a rank in the Indian Army. Like other armies, this rank is higher than lieutenant colonel and lower than a brigadier. It is equivalent to captain in the Indian Navy and group captain in the Indian Air Force.
The Indian Army has followed the British Army rank system since India's independence from the British Empire in 1947. However, the St Edward's Crown in the rank insignia was replaced with the National Emblem of India, symbolising the sovereignty of the Government of India.
Appointments
Colonels in the Indian Army command battalion-sized units (infantry battalions, artillery regiments, armoured regiments). Until the 1980s, battalions (and equivalents) were commanded by a lieutenant colonel. Colonels also serve as staff officers in divisions like Colonel General Staff (Col GS) and Colonel Administration (Col Adm). At Army headquarters, colonels hold the appointments of directors of directorates and branches.
Insignia
The badges of rank have two five-pointed stars and the National emblem above. The gorget patches of a colonel consist of crimson patches with golden braids.
Pay scale
Colonels are at pay level 13, with a monthly pay between ₹130,600 and ₹215,900 with a monthly service pay of ₹15,500. This is the first selection-grade rank. The promotion to the rank can happen through selection or on time-scale basis. A minimum of 15 years of commissioned service is required for an officer to be considered in the selection grade. This is the highest rank which may be attained by officers on time-scale promotion if not promoted to colonel by selection after 26 years of commissioned service.
Colonel of the regiment
The colonel of the regiment (COR) is a tradition and position that the Indian Army has inherited from the British Army, as have other armies of the commonwealth. The post of COR is an elected post. All officers including and above the rank of colonel vote as do all battalion commanding officers (CO). The vote of the COs represents the vote of their soldiers. The COR is a senior officer of the regiment, usually the senior-most, who is a father-figure to the regiment and looks after the interests of the regiment. Thus, they are usually general officers or brigadiers. On ceremonial occasions, the COR wears the rank badges of a colonel rather than their actual rank.
Famous Indian colonels
Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore - Olympic Silver medalist, former Minister of State for Youth affairs and Sports and Member of parliament from Jaipur Rural
Narendra 'Bull' Kumar - mountaineer known for expeditions in the Himalayas, Karakoram and the Siachen Glacier
Balbir Singh Kular - field hockey player for India who won the Asian Games Gold in 1966 and the Olympic Bronze in 1968
Ajay Kothiyal - Kirti Chakra (KC), Shaurya Chakra (SC), Vishisht Seva Medal (VSM) awardee known for his contribution in the rescue operations during Uttarakhand natural disaster of 2013 and subsequent development initiatives. He was also part of the 1999 Kargil war and lead the 2003 surgical strike in Pulwama. He is also a mountaineer and was first Indian to successfully climb Mt Manaslu in 2011. Impressed by the vision and development work of Arvind Kejriwal, he joined Aam Aadmi Party in April 2021 and is their CM candidate for upcoming 2022 Uttarakhand elections
See also
Army ranks and insignia of India
References
India Army
Military ranks of the Indian Army
The Odelouca River () is a river in the Portuguese region of the Algarve. The river is a tributary of the Arade River.
Description
The Odelouca headwater sources are a number of small streams and brooks rising from springs between the Serra de Monchique and the Serra do Caldeirão. The river riparian margins are dense and, at times, lush with vegetation. These woody flanks are populated by Narrow leaf Ash, Willows, Poplar and Alder trees. In the lower reaches of the river can be found Tamarix and Oleander. Many of these riparian zones were lost following the construction of the Odelouca Dam (Barragem de Odelouca). From it headwater sources the river, which flows through the village of São Marcos da Serra, runs for approximately until its confluence with the Arade River west of the town of Silves.
Barragem de Odelouca
Work began in 2002 on a project to dam the river north of its confluence with the Monchique River. The dam was built as to provide public water supplies for the surrounding municipalities. The dam was built in an important area of Algarve ecological and environmental importance and was opposed by the European Economic Community. The overwhelming need for water in the summer by the local population necessitates its construction despite the opposition. As part of agreements to allow construction, Conservation and environmental programmes were implemented to try to lessen the environmental impact of the Dam. The dam was inaugurated and commissioned for service in June 2012. The dam is high and is constructed of earth and forms a lake behind which, when full, is long and at its widest point. The lake holds of water.
Ecological restoration schemes
Following the loss of habitats and environments following the filling of the dam measures have been taken to compensate for the losses. Restoration has been carried out along a stretch of the left bank of the river with the aim of encouraging the population of the endangered Iberian lynx and the Bonelli's eagle. This work also includes the National Centre for the Captive Breeding of the Iberian lynx.
References
Rivers of Portugal
Rivers of the Algarve
Eminceler, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Old College was the first building constructed at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, and was completed in 1855. Although intended to be temporary, it served in various capacities including classrooms, a library, and offices until it was razed after being extensively damaged in 1973.
Construction and history
The cornerstone of the building was laid on June 15, 1855, at what is now the corner of Hinman and Davis streets in Evanston. The three-story frame building was completed by the start of the University's first classes on November 5 of that year at a total cost of $5,937. From its completion, Old College was home to all activities of the new university and originally housed a chapel, classrooms, and rooms for two literary societies. Attic lofts also served as dorm rooms for several students. In 1856, the Board of Trustees met in Old College and appointed a Committee on Library, officially establishing Northwestern's first library in Old College. This remained the main library on campus until the construction of University Hall.
The building was only meant to be temporary, and the first permanent building on campus, University Hall, that was completed in 1869. University Hall then became the principal building on campus, and the new building overtook many of the functions of Old College. In 1871, Old College was moved to a location near the present-day Fisk Hall, and a new wing was added to the structure. Old College was moved again in 1899 to the present-day location of the McCormick-Tribune Center stands, to allow for the construction of Fisk Hall. Despite originally being built as a temporary structure, Old College continued to serve a variety of purposes throughout its history, including housing Northwestern's prep school (later known as the Evanston Academy), a weather observatory for the Department of War in the 1870s, a naval training program during World War I, and the offices of the College of Liberal Arts. When the School of Education was established in 1925–26, Old College became the Education Building.
Razing
On July 24, 1973, Old College was struck by lightning, triggering the sprinkler system, which flooded the building. The damage was extensive and the building was razed, after its structure was determined to be unsafe and the estimated $500,000 cost to renovate and restore the building was deemed to be too high. The sign reading "Old College" that hung above the building's entrance is now located at the west entrance of University Hall.
References
External links
September 5, 1973 Press release announcing razing of Old College
Northwestern University
Demolished buildings and structures in Illinois
1855 establishments in Illinois
School buildings completed in 1855
Northwestern University
Vet, VET or the Vet may refer to:
Veterinary physician, a professional who treats disease, disorder and injury in animals
Veterinary medicine, the branch of science that deals with animals
Veteran, a person with long experience in a particular area, most often in military service during wartime
Veterans Stadium, informally "The Vet", a former sports stadium in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Veterans Stadium (New Britain, Connecticut)
Vet River, South Africa
Finnish Board of Film Classification (Finnish: ), an institution of the Finnish Ministry of Education
Venezuelan Standard Time, a UTC-04:00 time zone
Vocational education and training, prepares trainees for jobs that are based on manual or practical activities
Sebastian Vettel, a German F1 driver
See also
Vette (disambiguation)
Vetting, a process of an evaluation
A scur is an incompletely developed horn growth. In cattle, scurs are not attached to the skull, whereas horns are attached and have blood vessels and nerves.
Scurs may also occur in sheep.
Genetic Inheritance
The gene for scurs is inherited separately from the polled gene in cattle. Not all polled animals lack the scur gene. Since horned is recessive to polled, no horned cattle carry the polled allele, but they may also carry scurs.
In cattle, genetic expression of the scur gene is different from that of the dominant polled gene, in that the scur gene's expression depends on the sex of the animal. The scur gene is dominant in males and recessive in females.
See also
Horn (anatomy)
Polled livestock
Livestock dehorning
References
External links
The Genetics of Polled/Horned/Scurred in Cattle
Animal anatomy
Lanjigarh (Sl. No.: 77) is a Vidhan Sabha constituency of Kalahandi district, Odisha.
This constituency includes Lanjigarh block, Thuamul Rampur block and 16 Gram panchayats (Anlabhata, Badakarlakot, Badpujhariaguda, Baner, Bhainripali, Dhansuli, Hirapur, Jaipatna, Kuchagaon, Mangalpur, Mukhiguda, Paikkendumundi, Pratappur, Rengalpalli, Sargiguda and Uchhula) of Jaipatna block and 8 GPs (Risigaon, Duarsuni, Sagada, Jugsaipatna, Chancher, Kuturukhamar, Malgaon and Tal Belgaon) of Bhawanipatna block.
Elected Members
Election results
2019
2014
2009
Notes
References
Assembly constituencies of Odisha
Kalahandi district
All the World's Delights (Swedish: All jordens fröjd) is a 1953 Swedish historical drama film directed by Rolf Husberg and starring Ulla Jacobsson, Birger Malmsten and Kenne Fant. It is based on the 1946 novel of the same title by Margit Söderholm.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Nils Nilsson.
Cast
Ulla Jacobsson as Lisbet Enarsdotter
Birger Malmsten as Mats Eliasson
Kenne Fant as Erik Ersson
Solveig Hedengran as Ester
Lars Elldin as Jerker Enarsson
Carl Ström as Grandpa
Edla Rothgardt as Grandma
Gösta Cederlund as Germundsfar
Wiktor Andersson as Byskräddare
Erik 'Bullen' Berglund as Ålderman
Märta Dorff as Anna
Gerd Ericsson as Fkicka i Mårtensgården
Albin Erlandzon as Slaktare
Gustaf Färingborg as Larsson, länsman
Gösta Ganner as Lasse
Gösta Gustafson as Jonke
Haide Göransson as Karin Larsson
Amy Jelf as Bonddotter
Torsten Lilliecrona as Mickel
Signe Lundberg-Settergren as Lisbets släkting
Ninni Löfberg as Brita
Wilma Malmlöf as Klok-Anna
Karin Miller as Bonddotter
Aurore Palmgren as Ingemarsmor
Ulf Qvarsebo as Anders Ersson
Olav Riégo as Prost
Emy Storm as Brud på Mårtensgården
Bengt Sundmark as Halvar
References
Bibliography
Per Olov Qvist & Peter von Bagh. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1953 films
1950s historical drama films
Swedish historical drama films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Rolf Husberg
Films based on Swedish novels
Films set in the 1850s
1953 drama films
Swedish black-and-white films
1950s Swedish films
Martin Butler may refer to:
Martin Butler (footballer, born 1974), English footballer
Martin Butler (footballer, born 1966), English footballer
Martin Butler (composer) (born 1960), English musician and composer
Martin Butler (director), Australian director and producer
Illegal agent may refer to:
Non-official cover, an espionage operative without official government links who assume covert roles
Illegals Program, a specific group of Russian espionage operatives, arrested in the United States in 2010
{{Taxobox
| image =
| image_caption =
| regnum = Animalia
| phylum = Mollusca
| classis = Gastropoda
| unranked_superfamilia = clade Heterobranchia
clade Euthyneura
clade Nudipleura
clade Nudibranchia
clade Dexiarchia
clade Cladobranchia clade Aeolidida
| superfamilia = Fionoidea
| familia = Eubranchidae
| genus = Eubranchus
| species = E. capellinii
| binomial = Eubranchus capellinii
| binomial_authority = (Trinchese, 1879)<ref name=orig>Trinchese S. (1877-1879). Æolididae e famiglie affini del Porto di Genova. Part 1. Anatomia, fisiologia, embriologia delle Phyllobranchiae, Hermaeidae, Aeolididae, Proctonotidae, Dotonidae del Porto de Genova. Atti della R. Università di Genova. Atlas, pp. 1-94, pls. 1-35, page(s): 73-78, Plates XXV-XVII</ref>
}}Eubranchus capellinii is a species of sea slug or nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae. It has been suggested that it is the same species as Eubranchus doriae'' and that this name should take precedence.
Distribution
This species was described from Genova, Italy.
References
Eubranchidae
Gastropods described in 1879
The Women's 1000m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 12 at 12:00 local time.
Results
References
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships
World
Oscar Francisco de Moraes Junior, better known by his stage name, Oscar Filho (born August 27, 1978 in Atibaia) is a Brazilian actor, comedian, writer and reporter. Currently the program integrates Custe o Que Custar, the Rede Bandeirantes.
Launched in 2008, a show of stand-up comedy titled Putz Grill, which features up to the present day.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Brazilian male comedians
Brazilian male television actors
Three-time defending champion Rafael Nadal defeated Roger Federer in a rematch of the previous two years' finals, 7–5, 7–5 to win the singles tennis title at the 2008 Monte-Carlo Masters.
Seeds
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
Draw
Qualifying draw
Singles
Sergeant Adolphe Alois de Gonzague Marie Hubert Ghislain du Bois d'Aische was a Belgian World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories. Serving in the French Air Service, he was the oldest ace in the war, scoring his fifth (and sixth) victories when he was 43 years of age.
Early life
d'Aische was born in Brussels in 1874. He was a scion (lineal descendant) of Walloon nobility whose lineage dated back to the 15th century. d'Aische moved to the Belgian Congo when his father opposed his desire to study engineering and attempted to arrange a suitable bride for his son. In 1904, he enlisted in the French Foreign Legion where he learnt to speak German and became a French citizen. d'Aische was living in Paris and working as an engineer when the Great War began in August 1914.
First World War
d'Aische enlisted in the French army in 1914 and fought as an infantryman, seeing action on the Marne, the Argonne and at Vauquois. He was wounded in action in April 1915. After his recovery, he enlisted in the French Aéronautique Militaire in July 1915, first serving as a mechanic at the Avord aviation school and later training to be an observer/gunner at Cazaux. d'Aische, with the rank of Corporal, was assigned to an operational unit, Escadrille F.71, in April 1916 which was based at Commercy near Saint-Mihiel. The unit was assigned to fly reconnaissance duties for the VIII French army corps at Verdun.
The unit was equipped with Farman F40 two-seaters and d'Aische, flying as an observer with a pilot named Pierre Weiss, achieved his first confirmed aerial victory when he shot down a German Albatros over Varvinay on 22 May 1916. In January 1917, F.71 was transferred to Sainte-Menehould to support General Nivelle's coming spring offensive at Chemin des Dames. The squadron received the Salmson SM1 three-seat bombers and the unit experienced considerable action during this period. In early June, the SM1s were replaced with British-built Sopwith 1A2 two-seaters. On 3 June, d'Aische and pilot Jacques Fontaine were flying a patrol in a Sopwith when they were attacked by five German fighters. DuBois reported that he destroyed two of the enemy fighters and damaged a third which force-landed but he was officially credited with only one victory.
In July 1917, the unit received the new Dorand AR1 two-seaters. On the 24th of that month, d'Aische and a pilot named Henri Betis flew a Dorand accompanied by three others on a patrol over German lines. Attacked by seven German fighters from above, one Dorand was shot down and another was damaged and forced to retreat, a third Dorand flying alongside as escort. Now on their own, Dubois and Betis fought off the German attackers, d'Aische, manning a Lewis machine-gun, shooting down two of them. However their Dorand was badly damaged and Betis was wounded. They managed to reach Allied territory before crash-landing. Betis later died of his injuries but d'Aische survived unhurt. For this exploit, d'Aische was promoted to Sergeant.
Later in the summer of 1917, F71 was issued with three-seat Letord 1A3s and it was whilst flying as an observer in one of these that he achieved his final two victories. On 22 September, accompanied by pilot Jacques Fontaine and rear-seat gunner Lt Marcel Meunier, d'Aische destroyed an Albatros fighter over Cernay-en-Dormois and an enemy two-seater over Vouziers in a single sortie. Awarded the military medal, d'Aische was now officially an ace and, at the age of 43, was the oldest ace of the Great War. d'Aische wanted to become a pilot and he managed to secure a waiver on the normal age limit of 30 to train as a pilot. He left F71 in December 1917 and commenced his pilots training, securing his brevet in June 1918. However whilst undergoing advanced operational training in October 1918, he was injured in an accidental crash whilst piloting a SPAD fighter. The war ended the following month and d'Aische was demobilized in December 1918.
Later life
d'Aische worked in civil aviation in the inter-war period. He lived in France during the German Occupation in the Second World War. His ability to speak German saw him employed by the occupiers as a translator and administrator until he was caught passing on information to the French Resistance. Imprisoned by the Germans, he survived to be liberated by the Allies in 1944. He spent the remainder of his life employed as a Municipal Councillor.
He died on 7 October 1958, age 84.
See also
List of World War I aces from Belgium
References
Further reading
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
1874 births
1958 deaths
Belgian World War I flying aces
Soldiers of the French Foreign Legion
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
The 1978–79 New England Whalers season was the seventh season of the Whalers' franchise. This was the final season in the World Hockey Association, which ceased operations after the season. The Whalers (along with the Winnipeg Jets, the Edmonton Oilers, and the Quebec Nordiques) were admitted to the National Hockey League as expansion teams. The Whalers (as part of the agreement suggested by the Boston Bruins) changed their name to the Hartford Whalers. The Whalers made the playoffs, with only five teams participating in the postseason. Don Blackburn took over the team as coach before the season ended, and he became the first coach of the team in the NHL.
Offseason
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
New England Whalers 3, Cincinnati Stingers 0 - Preliminary Round
Edmonton Oilers 4, New England Whalers 3 - Semifinals
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Awards and records
Transactions
Farm teams
See also
1978–79 WHA season
References
External links
New
New
New England Whalers seasons
New England
New England
Aşağıbağdere is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey. Its economy is based on agriculture and livestock.
Aşağıbağdere is 191 km from the city of Ankara.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
IN2 is a privately owned company established in 1992, that designs and develops information systems based on advanced information technologies. , it was the largest Croatian IT company. The IN2 Group consists of 14 member companies in Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Macedonia and Albania.
IN2 specializes in developing custom software solutions, and developing and implementing large and complex IT systems. IN2 independently designs, develops, implements and maintains systems using Oracle and Microsoft technologies. The company implements technologies such as Data Warehouse, web-based application systems, etc.
In January 2018, IN2 was acquired by Constellation Software, a Canadian software company.
References
Software companies established in 1992
Software companies of Croatia
Companies based in Zagreb
Croatian companies established in 1992
Sivri, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The 1979 Australian Rally Championship was a series of five rallying events held across Australia. It was the twelfth season in the history of the competition.
Ross Dunkerton and navigator Jeff Beaumont in the Datsun Stanza won the 1979 Championship.
Season review
The twelfth Australian Rally Championship was held over five events across Australia, the season consisting of one event each for New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia and Western Australia. The 1979 season saw the Datsun Stanzas of Dunkerton and Fury regain some of their dominance with the main challenge from the Ford Escort of Greg Carr.
The Rallies
The five events of the 1979 season were as follows.
Round Four – Bega Valley Rally
1979 Drivers and Navigators Championships
Final pointscore for 1979 is as follows.
Ross Dunkerton – Champion Driver 1979
Jeff Beaumont – Champion Navigator 1979
References
External links
Results of Snowy Mountains Rally and ARC results.
Rally Championship
Rally competitions in Australia
Australian
Onebala brunneotincta is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Anthonie Johannes Theodorus Janse in 1954. It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
References
Moths described in 1954
Onebala
The poverty penalty describes the phenomenon that poor people tend to pay more to eat, buy, and borrow than the rich. The term became widely known through a 2005 book by C. K. Prahalad, The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid.
An earlier exploration of this was a 1960s sociology study published as The Poor Pay More which examined the ways in which retail patterns and a lack of consumer options allowed marginal retailers such as door-to-door salesmen, "easy credit" storefronts and the sale of installment credit agreements to extract profits from low-income buyers, with fewer options and less sophisticated consumer habits.
References
External links
Sociological terminology
Research on poverty
Song Dao (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the western part of Sakon Nakhon province, northeast Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Sawang Daen Din district and Phang Khon of Sakon Nakhon Province and Chai Wan of Udon Thani province.
History
As the mountainous area was originally covered with dense forests, it was a popular hideaway of robbers, who robbed travelers on the way between Kalasin and Udon Thani. At that time it was known as Song Dao Chon (ซ่องดาวโจร), which means 'den of thieves'. After the government cleaned up the area in the 19th century, it was renamed Song Dao, which means 'shining star'.
The minor district (king amphoe) Song Dao was created on 1 April 1972, when the three tambons Song Dao, Watthana, and Tha Sila were split off from Sawang Daen Din district. It was upgraded to a full district on 8 September 1976.
Administration
The district is divided into four sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 46 villages (mubans). Song Dao is a township (thesaban tambon) which covers parts of tambons Song Dao and Pathum Wapi. There are a further four tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Song Dao
The Women's 1 metre springboard competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 29 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started at 10:00. The final was held at 17:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Women's 1 metre springboard
The Julița () is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Romania. It discharges into the Mureș near the village Vărădia de Mureș. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Arad County
Asser is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Tobias Michael Carel Asser, winner of the Nobel Prize for Peace
Asser Rig Hvide, Danish nobleman, 1080-1151
Asser Mbai, a Namibian politician
Asser Thorkilsson (? - 1137), Archbishop of Lund
Danish masculine given names
Norwegian masculine given names
Scandinavian masculine given names
da:Asser
fr:Asser
nl:Asser
sv:Ascer
Kilfintinan () is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.
It is part of the Catholic parish of Cratloe.
Name
The name Cill Fintinan would mean "Church of Fintinan", but there is no known Irish Saint Fintinan. The name is therefore thought to come from Cill Fionn tSeanain, or "Church of the fair Senan".
Location
The parish is in the barony of Bunratty Lower, and contains a small part of the town of Sixmilebridge.
It contains the village of Cratloe.
It extends south from this town to the River Shannon.
The parish includes two small islands of Grass and Graigue in the Shannon.
The road from Limerick to Ennis crosses the north of the parish.
It is and covers .
Antiquities and history
The old church of Kilfintinan in the townland of Ballybrohan was almost entirely demolished by 1897.
The church of Cruachán in the townland of Brickhill was in reasonably good condition.
It was large, and surrounded by a large graveyard.
There was another graveyard called Cill-an-bothair in the Ballyliddane townland, but no trace of a church.
An old cromlech in very good condition stood near the Cruachán ruins. There was another nearby, but it had been demolished.
On the hill called the Leacht, near the cromlechs, there was the grave of an unknown Irish chieftain from pre-Christian times.
As of 1837 the ruins of the castles of Cratloe, Cratloe Kail, and Ballintlea were still visible.
The Ballintea castle is not found in the 1580 list of castles.
In the mid-18th century there was a shortage of Catholic priests in the region.
The parish of Kilfintinan was therefore merged with part of the parish of Killeely, forming what is now known as the parish of Cratloe after the village of that name.
The population in 1841 was 2,633 in 424 houses.
At that time there were two Catholic chapels.
Townlands
The parish holds the townlands of Ballinphunta, Ballintlea North, Ballintlea South, Ballybroughan, Ballyliddan East, Ballyliddan West, Ballymorris, Ballyroe, Brickhill East, Brickhill West, Calluragh, Cappanalaght, Carrowmore, Carrownerribul, Castlequarter, Cratloe, Fortwilliam, Gallowshill, Garryncurra, Gortnanool, Heathmount, Island, Knockroe, Laghile, Mountievers, Moyhill and Portdrine.
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
Htay Oo (; born 20 January 1950) is a Burmese former politician and military officer, and previously served as Pyithu Hluttaw MP for Hinthada constituency from 2011 to 2016. He also served as Minister for Agriculture and Irrigation of Myanmar from 18 September 2004 to 30 March 2011, and Minister for Cooperatives in 2003. He was formerly a retired major general in the Myanmar Army. Htay Oo was elected Deputy chairman of the Union Solidarity and Development Party, and served from October 2012 to August 2015. He was succeeded to Myat Hein in that role, and was then elected as the chairman of Party Central Leading Committee of the Union Solidarity and Development Party in August 2015.
References
Agriculture ministers of Myanmar
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
People from Ayeyarwady Region
1950 births
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
Living people
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
Richard Oswald Karl Kräusel (29 August 1890 in Breslau – 25 November 1966 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German paleobotanist.
He studied botany at the University of Breslau as a pupil of Ferdinand Albin Pax, and in 1913 received his doctorate with the thesis Beiträge zur kenntnis der Holzer aus der schlesischen Braunkohle ("On wood from Silesian lignite"). From 1920 to 1952 he worked as a lecturer and professor at the University of Frankfurt. He was also associated with the Senckenberg Natural History Museum in Frankfurt, where he served as head of the department of paleobotany. During World War II his collections of fossil plants were stored in a nearby castle for safekeeping; unfortunately these collections were destroyed during bombing raids on Frankfurt.
During his career, he traveled worldwide in his investigations of fossil plants — Southeast Asia (1921, 1926), South America (1924, 1947, 1956/57), United States and Canada (1928, 1959), South-West Africa (1928, 1953–54) and India (1960/61, 1964). On his later journeys, he conducted research on flora of Gondwanaland and collected fossil specimens to replace those that were previously destroyed. In Europe, he carried out studies of Mesozoic flora of southern Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
With Hermann Weyland, he carried out important research on land plants of the Devonian. He is also remembered for his analysis of Tertiary angiosperm leaf cuticles.
Selected works
Beiträge zur Kenntnis der Kreideflora, 1922 – Contributions to knowledge of the Cretaceous flora.
Beiträge zur Kenntnis der Devonflora, (with Hermann Weyland, 1923) – Contributions to knowledge of the Devonian flora.
Die paläobotanischen Untersuchungsmethoden, ein Leitfaden für die Untersuchung fossiler Pflanzen sowie der aus ihnen aufgebauten Gesteine in Gelände und Laboratorium, 1929 – Paleobotanical investigation methods. A guide to the study of fossil plants, etc.
Die Flora des deutschen Unterdevons (with Hermann Weyland, 1930) – Flora of the German Lower Devonian.
Neue Pflanzenfunde im Rheinischen Unterdevon (with Hermann Weyland, 1935 – New botanical findings of the Rhenish Lower Devonian.
Versunkene Floren; eine Einführung in die Paläobotanik, 1960.
Mitteleuropäische Pflanzenwelt. Sträucher und Bäume, (with Heinrich Nothdurft, Hermann Merxmüller, 1960) – Central European plants, shrubs and trees.
References
1890 births
1966 deaths
Scientists from Wrocław
University of Breslau alumni
Goethe University Frankfurt faculty
20th-century German botanists
Paleobotanists
That's the Woman I Want (Spanish:Yo quiero una mujer así) is a 1950 Venezuelan-Argentine comedy film directed by Juan Carlos Thorry and starring Olga Zubarry, Francisco Álvarez, Héctor Monteverde and Amador Bendayán. It was Thorry's directorial debut, though he had gone to Venezuela to act, and was commercially successful. The film has been analyzed as part of Venezuelan film history, in particular by Central University of Venezuela academic María Gabriela Colmenares.
Plot
Lindolfo Chaves is the president of a Havana-based tobacco company, but also president of a group dedicated to virtue and morals. In reality, he is an incorrigible libertine until, after a wild night out, his doctor diagnoses him with a heart murmur and advises him to rest somewhere peaceful. Lindolfo goes to his nephew's, lawyer Ruperto Chaves, house in Caracas.
However, Ruperto is not prepared for Lindolfo's arrival: as well as having serious economic problems, his recently released wife Ana María has decided to leave him after a heated argument concerning Lindolfo's apparent moralistic and demure character. Ruperto looks for her, promptly finding Silvia, their dressmaker. Desperate, Ruperto proposes that she temporarily pretend to be his wife.
Silvia accepts the offer and, with the help of Ruperto's butler Sócrates, the three characters play out the farce in front of Uncle Lindolfo. He believes the ruse and ends up naming his nephew president of a new branch of his tobacco company that is being set up in Venezuela. Ana María then returns home to apologize, but then threatens her husband to reveal everything to Lindolfo when they tell her of the act. At the same time, Vuitremundo, an aspirational singer and Silvia's fiancé, has been looking for her for several hours, coming to fight Ruperto because he thinks he has kidnapped her.
Cast
Olga Zubarry as Ana María
Francisco Álvarez as Lindolfo Chaves
Héctor Monteverde as Vuitremundo
Amador Bendayán as Sócrates
Luis Salazar as Ruperto Chaves
Elena Fernán as Silvia
Leon Bravo
Esther Monasterio
Pura Vargas
Amparo Riera
Luis Zamora
Carmen Porras
Martha Olivo
Production
The director of That's the Woman I Want, Juan Carlos Thorry, was one of a group of filmmakers brought to Venezuela from Argentina and Mexico by film company Bolívar Films, which had seen some success producing shorts and newsreels. Bolívar Films intended to invigorate the national film production with features in the late 1940s and early 1950s. The Argentine Thorry had starred in his compatriot Carlos Hugo Christensen's Venezuela-produced film El demonio es un ángel, which was released the same year (1950) as That's the Woman I Want, which also stars an Argentine actor in the main role. The film was the first to be directed by Thorry.
In about 1995, Thorry recalled how the film came to be. Having been in the group summoned to Venezuela, he had only intended to act, however, after El demonio es un ángel and while director Christensen began filming The Yacht Isabel Arrived This Afternoon, Thorry found himself with three months to spare. Having been an assistant director on some productions in Argentina, he was encouraged by producers to use the time as an opportunity to create his own feature film in Venezuela. He received the approval of the production company, and had Juan Corona's story in mind when he briefly returned to Buenos Aires to hire Olga Zubarry and Francisco Álvarez. He then passed the story to the Venezuelan poet and comic Aquiles Nazoa to adapt as a screenplay, and hired Venezuelan actors for the other roles and used the same crew from El demonio es un ángel. This movement of Argentine stars for the film was reported on by Variety in early 1950, in regards to the national Argentine film production unit expanding to the United States – Variety contrasted the news with the fact that "from time to time more Argentine talent clippers off to Venezuela for work [at] Bolívar Films" with the "latest departures [of] Olga Zubarry and comedian Francisco Álvarez"; it refers to the film with the direct English translation I Want a Wife Like That.
Some of the film was shot in La Guaira, specifically scenes of Lindolfo arriving at the airport and Ruperto driving him up the mountains to enter the city of Caracas. It features music by Billo's Caracas Boys and composer Eduardo Serrano.
Marketing and release
María Gabriela Colmenares of Central University of Venezuela looks at the marketing and release of the film as part of its paratext and of Bolívar Films' commercial strategy. She writes that the published materials prior to the film's release follow a pattern similar to the studio system and star system of Hollywood. In terms of the film, the marketing had "explicit genre labels, [...] elements such as the production company and the participation of national artists and international stars" as well as slogans. Some of these slogans explicitly promoted the Venezuelan composer Eduardo Serrano, while others took on the style of a notice to advertise the leisure opportunity of cinema, one reading: "Forget the war and the earthquakes and foot-and-mouth disease watching the comic hit of the year! [...] 99 minutes of unbroken laughter!" Some of the promotions of the film before its release also include newspaper interviews, which lean more into the 'star' aspect by introducing Argentine actor Francisco Álvarez as "the popular comedian". This form of marketing also highlighted the "accentuated local flavor" of the film's Venezuelan setting as an attraction of it.
In terms of distribution, she writes that Bolívar Films had a good handle on the commercialization of its films, but was weaker in the market as it did not have a distribution-exhibition branch of its own. Unlike other Venezuelan attempts at production houses, Bolívar Films was not afraid to market to outside of its country as well as the local market.
Regarding the press release issued by Bolívar Films on the day of the premiere, Colmenares explains that it "[highlighted] its industrial creation, production values and the seal of the production company, [referred] to musical attractions, [...] the comic situations of the plot and the comic feats of some of its actors", writing both of the fame of its international stars and the successful debuts of the Venezuelans. The film was successful, staying in Caracas cinemas for two weeks. This would have been very lucrative, but the typical arrangement of the time was for the production to only receive a quarter of the profits.
Analysis
Colmenares writes that "the analysis of That's the Woman I Want [...] shows great pitfalls derived from the unavailability of studies on comedy as a genre", but that comedy was important within production at the time nevertheless. Colmenares then examines the genre of the film, writing that the plot is driven by a hypocrisy and moral double standard in some of its characters and by the humorous use of a more-stable facade by others, explaining that "ambiguity, deception and impersonation articulate the whole story" until the plots are resolved and truth uncovered. She concludes that the film, therefore, demonstrates the "beliefs and values of the petty bourgeoisie". In terms of storytelling, Colmenares notes the use of dramatic irony and juxtaposition, saying that:
Colmenares compliments the use of this system, but notes that the film feels "disharmonious" because of a disparity between the styles of the Venezuelan and Argentine actors in it.
In his thesis, Jesús Ricardo Azuaga García adds to Colmenares' analysis by writing that "the truth is that this comedy tries to respond [...] to a mode of representation institutionalized by Hollywood and followed by the Argentine industry", aligning the format whereby viewers know even the characters' most hidden secrets and those between the lines to a United States ideal. Azuaga García also notes that That's the Woman I Want, along with The Yacht Isabel Arrived This Afternoon, are "the most representative, due to the reception they received from public and critics," of Venezuelan popular film in the early development period, but it is harder to tell how it relates to the typical Argentine films of the time. However, he still says that in certain canons it is classed in the generic style of Argentine comedy.
In 2009, Colmenares observed the credits of the film, writing that the style of them "authorized the reading of [the film] in comic terms" by the use of "drawings and animated cartoons that represent the characters of the plot" and "music that [...] is cheerful and goes from tropical to playful" among other light sounds.
References
Sources
External links
That's the Woman I Want on YouTube
1951 films
1950 comedy films
1950 films
Films shot in Venezuela
Venezuelan comedy films
1950s Spanish-language films
Venezuelan black-and-white films
1951 directorial debut films
1951 comedy films
Carnival Valor is a post-Panamax operated by Carnival Cruise Line. The vessel was built by Fincantieri at its Monfalcone shipyard in Friuli-Venezia Giulia (northern Italy). She was floated out on March 27, 2004, and christened by American journalist Katie Couric in Miami on December 17, 2004.
History
The vessel can hold up to 1,180 crew members and 2,974 guests. The ship's homeport is New Orleans, Louisiana.
Carnival Valor sails 4 and 5-night itineraries to the Caribbean. Some Carnival Valors public areas were refurbished during a drydock from April 23 through May 8, 2016. In 2017, the ship earned a perfect health score of 100 from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It was part of the agency's Vessel Sanitation Program, whose purpose is to prevent the transmission and spread of gastrointestinal disease.
On February 13, 2020, a rock music-themed cruise, known as ShipRocked, took place onboard Carnival Valor. Performers included Lzzy Hale and her band Halestorm, Alter Bridge, and Beartooth.
Port calls
On September 4, 2018, due to heavy rain and flooding in Galveston, Texas, Carnival Valors departure was delayed.
On January 23, 2019, the ship lost power at sea for an hour when she left Galveston on her way to Cozumel. On May 10, 2019, the ship repositioned and switched homeports with to begin short sailings. On July 11, 2019, the ship docked in Mobile, Alabama instead of New Orleans due to a tropical storm.
On April 3, 2020, the ship along with other three cruise ships departed from the port of Gulfport, Mississippi after Governor Tate Reeves announced a “shelter-in-place” order to contain the spread of coronavirus.
Incidents
A crewmember broke his back onboard Carnival Valor in 2014. In September 2018, a Monaco judge ruled that Carnival should pay the crewmember $1.4 million, but the company refused to pay. The crewmember then took the company to a U.S. Federal court in Miami which ruled in his favor; the crewmember won the suit.
On August 3, 2017, the ship contacted the Houston-Galveston Coast Guard station and requested assistance for a woman who was injured from a fall. She was then medically evacuated by helicopter near Galveston after the ship left port for Cozumel.
On October 10, 2019, a 23-year-old male passenger was critically injured when he fell from where he was sitting onto a lower deck. He was medically transported by a Coast Guard Eurocopter MH-65 Dolphin from New Orleans.
On December 22, 2021, a 53-year-old man started experiencing stroke-like symptoms. He was picked up by a Coast Guard MH-65 south of Southwest Pass, Louisiana and transported to New Orleans.
On February 16, 2022, a 32-year-old woman fell overboard while the vessel was around from the coast of Louisiana when heading to New Orleans after a port call in Cozumel, Mexico.
Coronavirus pandemic
During the coronavirus pandemic, the CDC reported, as early as April 22, 2020, that at least one person tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 after disembarking. On March 15, a 49-year-old man from Ohio tested positive with COVID-19 after displaying symptoms. On April 8, 300 crew members who tested negative for COVID-19 disembarked at the Port of New Orleans.
References
External links
Photos
Fincantieri Info Sheet
2004 ships
Valor
Ships built in Monfalcone
Ships built by Fincantieri
Loren H. White (1863 in Duanesburg, New York – October 29, 1923 in Delanson, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life
He was the son of Icabod White (1830–1887) and Olive A. (Hungerford) White (1837–1920). He engaged in the furniture and undertaking business. On June 28, 1900, he married Cora Macomber (1870–1948), and their son was Galen White (1901–1966).
White was at times Postmaster of Delanson; a Justice of the Peace of Duanesburg; Supervisor of the Town of Duanesburg; and a Trustee of the Village of Delanson.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Schenectady Co.) in 1909 and 1910.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (31st D.) from 1911 to 1914, sitting in the 134th, 135th, 136th and 137th New York State Legislatures. In 1913, he voted for the impeachment of Governor William Sulzer, and was defeated for re-election in 1914.
He died on October 29, 1923, at his home in Delanson, New York, after a long illness; and was buried at the Grove Cemetery there.
Sources
Official New York from Cleveland to Hughes by Charles Elliott Fitch (Hurd Publishing Co., New York and Buffalo, 1911, Vol. IV; pg. 357, 359 and 367)
New York Red Book (1913; pg. 113)
...Senator Loren H. White...was defeated... in NYT on November 7, 1914
External links
1863 births
1923 deaths
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) Democrats
People from Duanesburg, New York
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) postmasters
Town supervisors in New York (state)
The 2019–20 film awards season began in December 2019 with the Gotham Independent Film Awards 2019 and ended in February 2020 with the 92nd Academy Awards.
Awards calendar
Guild awards
References
American film awards
This is a comprehensive list of all of the commercially released recordings made by Orson Welles. Welles is heard on many recordings that were not intended for commercial release and for which he was not compensated.
Drama
Radio
Film
Interviews
Scores
Citizen Kane
"The Hitch-Hiker"
The Magnificent Ambersons
Macbeth
Othello
Touch of Evil
Chimes at Midnight
References
discography
Discographies of American artists
Subaşı, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Kızıldağ, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
was a private junior college in the city of Ichihara in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. Established in 1990, the school was operated by Teikyo Group, a foundation that operates more than 30 schools (including colleges) across Japan. The college closed in 2016.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1990
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Chiba Prefecture
Nursing schools in Japan
1990 establishments in Japan
Isle of the Dead is a 1945 horror film directed by Mark Robson and made for RKO Radio Pictures by producer Val Lewton. The film's script was inspired by the painting Isle of the Dead by Arnold Böcklin, which appears behind the title credits, though the film was originally titled Camilla during production. It was written by frequent Lewton collaborator Ardel Wray. It starred Boris Karloff. Isle of the Dead was the second of three films Lewton made with Karloff, and the fourth of five pictures Robson directed for Lewton.
Plot
An onscreen text warns of the superstitious belief in a vorvolaka, a malevolent force in human form. The film properly begins during the Balkan Wars of 1912. While his troops are burying their dead, General Pherides (Boris Karloff) and American reporter Oliver Davis (Marc Cramer) visit the Isle of the Dead to pay their respects to the General's long-dead wife. They discover the crypt despoiled; hearing a woman singing on the supposedly uninhabited island, they set out to find her. They also find retired Swiss archeologist Dr. Aubrecht (Jason Robards, Sr.), his Greek housekeeper Madame Kyra (Helen Thimig), British diplomat Mr. St. Aubyn (Alan Napier) and his pale and sickly wife (Katherine Emery), her youthful Greek companion Thea (Ellen Drew), and English tinsmith Andrew Robbins (Skelton Knaggs).
Aubrecht apologizes for his part 15 years before in inspiring local peasants to rob graves for valuable Greek artifacts. Kyra whispers to Pherides that a vorvolaka, in the guise of the red and rosy Thea, is in their midst. Pherides laughs at such superstition and accepts Aubrecht's invitation to spend the night as his guest.
The next morning, Robbins is dead. Dr. Drossos (Ernst Deutsch) is summoned; he determines the cause to be septicemic plague and quarantines the island. He explains how plague is passed and how it may be eradicated in one day if the hot, dry sirocco winds arrive. The archeologist says that Kyra's explanation – that God sends the plague to punish them for harboring a vorvolaka – makes just as much sense. When Mr. St. Aubyn dies, the General demands that his body be buried immediately, to the horror of the cataleptic Mrs. St. Aubyn, who fears premature burial.
Next to die is Dr. Drossos, proving that the advice of modern science does not guarantee victory over the disease. Suspicion returns to Thea, and Kyra harasses her with taunts and threats. Pherides vows that he will kill Thea if evidence appears that she is vorvolaka. Fearing for Thea's life, Oliver plans to escape with her, but Pherides destroys the only boat. Mrs. St. Aubyn falls into a cataleptic trance; everyone except Thea believes her to be dead, and they entomb her. Oliver and Aubrecht believe the cause to be plague but Kyra and Pherides believe it to be the doing of the vorvolaka. Oliver advises Thea to stay away from Pherides.
The winds change and the sirocco has arrived, but it is too late for Pherides, who exhibits symptoms of the plague. Mrs. St. Aubyn awakens from her catalepsy but has been driven insane by being buried alive. Escaping the tomb, she kills Kyra, stabs Pherides as he attempts to kill Thea, and then leaps off a cliff to her death. As Pherides is dying, he swears that he has seen the vorvolaka and warns that she must be killed. "It is done", says Dr. Aubrecht, sympathetic to Pherides' peculiar madness. "The general was simply a man who was trying to protect us", he offers as eulogy.
Cast
Boris Karloff as Gen. Nikolas Pherides
Ellen Drew as Thea
Marc Cramer as Oliver Davis
Katherine Emery as Mrs. Mary St. Aubyn
Helene Thimig as Madame Kyra
Alan Napier as St. Aubyn
Jason Robards Sr. as Aubrecht
Ernst Deutsch as Dr. Drossos
Sherry Hall as Col. Kobestes
Erick Hanson as Officer
Skelton Knaggs as Andrew Robbins
Production
Filming began for about two weeks in July 1944 until production was suspended when Karloff required a back operation. It was completed in December. In the interim, after Karloff had recovered from the surgery but before the cast of Isle of the Dead could be reassembled, he and Lewton made The Body Snatcher. The film had a troubled production, and the central female character of the original script (named "Catherine") was deleted entirely from the tale.
Score
Leigh Harline's somber score makes use of another work inspired by Böcklin's painting, Sergei Rachmaninoff's tone poem, "Isle of the Dead". Harline borrows themes and copies their orchestration, without violating copyright. He made no use of the public-domain "Dies Irae".
Reception
Box office
The film premiered in New York City on 7 September 1945. The cost of Isle of the Dead at completion was $246,000, the highest yet for a Lewton horror film, but with domestic rentals of $266,000, and foreign rentals of $117,000, it made only $13,000 in profit for RKO. It was re-issued in 1953 on a double bill with Mighty Joe Young, and made its television debut in 1959.
Critical reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 89% based on 19 reviews, with an average rating of 6.5/10.
Author and film critic Leonard Maltin awarded the film three out of a possible four stars, complimenting the film's production.
Director Martin Scorsese placed Isle of the Dead on his list of the 11 scariest horror films of all time.
See also
Boris Karloff filmography
Notes
External links
Review of film at Variety
Toteninsel.net: an encyclopedia in progress dedicated to A. Böcklin's Isle of the Dead: copies, parodies, inspirations.
1945 films
1945 horror films
American horror films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Mark Robson
Films produced by Val Lewton
Films set on islands
Films set in the Mediterranean Sea
RKO Pictures films
Works based on art
1940s American films
Jan Roger Skyttesæter (born 8 April 1956) is a former Norwegian archer. He was born in Oslo. He competed in archery at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he placed 23rd in the individual competition.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oslo
Norwegian male archers
Olympic archers of Norway
Archers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Bernard Mensah (born 17 October 1994) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Kayserispor.
Club career
Vitória Guimarães
Born in Accra, Bernard joined Vitória de Guimarães' youth setup in 2012, after starting it out at Feyenoord Ghana. He made his senior debuts with the reserves in the 2012–13 campaign, scoring nine goals and earning promotion to Segunda Liga.
On 4 July 2014 Bernard renewed his contract until 2018, being promoted to the main squad on the 18th. He made his professional – and Primeira Liga – debut on 16 August, starting and scoring his side's second in a 3–1 away win against Gil Vicente FC.
Seven days later, Bernard scored a brace in a 3–0 home success over FC Penafiel. His fourth league goal came on 14 September, netting through a penalty in a 1–1 draw against FC Porto also at the Estádio D. Afonso Henriques.
Bernard was linked to a possible move to Manchester United in May 2015, being also a target of Juventus and Valencia CF. He finished his first season in the Portuguese top flight with 30 appearances and five goals, with his side finishing fifth.
Atlético Madrid
On 22 July, Bernard moved to Atlético Madrid on a six-year deal, being immediately loaned out to fellow La Liga side Getafe CF for the 2015-16 season.
Vitória de Guimarães (loan)
On 18 August 2016, Mensah returned to Vitória de Guimarães on a season-long loan deal.
Kayserispor
Mensah spent the 2018/19 season at Kayserispor on loan from Atlético Madrid with an option to buy. He played a total of 28 games and scored four goals. Kayserispor redeemed Mensah's buying option in May 2019.
International career
On 8 June 2015, Mensah made his debut for Ghana in a match against Togo, scoring the only goal of the game.
Honours
Beşiktaş J.K.
Süper Lig: 2020–21
Türkiye Kupası: 2020–21
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Accra
Ghanaian footballers
Association football midfielders
Primeira Liga players
Vitória S.C. players
La Liga players
Atlético Madrid footballers
Getafe CF footballers
Kasımpaşa S.K. footballers
Kayserispor footballers
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
Ghana international footballers
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Süper Lig players
Anthony Marc Shalhoub ( ; born October 9, 1953), is an American actor. He is the recipient of various accolades, including five Emmy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, six Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Tony Award, and a Grammy Award nomination.
He played Adrian Monk in the USA Network television series Monk, Antonio Scarpacci in the NBC sitcom Wings and Abe Weissman on Amazon's The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. Shalhoub has also had a successful film career, with roles in films such as Quick Change (1990), Barton Fink (1991), Big Night (1996), Men in Black, Gattaca (both 1997), Paulie, The Siege (both 1998), Galaxy Quest (1999), Spy Kids, Thirteen Ghosts, The Man Who Wasn't There (all 2001), and 1408 (2007).
He is widely recognized for his work, having won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Musical or Comedy, six Screen Actors Guild Awards, and four Primetime Emmy Awards. For his work on Broadway, Shalhoub has received four Tony Award nominations, winning a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical for his performance as Tewfiq Zakaria in The Band's Visit. He has also provided voice work for the Cars franchise (2006–2017), Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014), and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows (2016).
Early life and education
Shalhoub, the ninth of 10 children, was born and raised in a Lebanese Maronite household in Green Bay, Wisconsin. His father, Joseph (1912–1991), was from Mount Lebanon and immigrated to the United States, after his own parents, Milhelm and Mariam, were both murdered based on orders by the Three Pashas ruling the Ottoman Empire during the 1915 Assyrian Genocide. After immigrating to America, Joe Shalhoub was a meat peddler who drove a refrigerated truck. Joe married Shalhoub's mother, Helen (née Seroogy), a Lebanese-American. The two met when Joe was taken in to be raised by her family, when both were little. One of Shalhoub's maternal great-great-grandfathers, Abdul Naimy, though Lebanese, was killed during the Hamidian massacres committed against Armenians in the Ottoman Empire in 1895. Shalhoub was introduced to acting by an older sister, who put his name forward to be an extra in a high-school production of The King and me.
After graduating from Green Bay East High School, he spent a short time at the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay before participating in the National Student Exchange to the University of Southern Maine where he later transferred and earned a bachelor's degree. He later went on to earn a master's degree from the Yale School of Drama in 1980.
Career
Stage
Shortly after graduating from Yale, Shalhoub moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he spent four seasons with the American Repertory Theater before heading to New York City, where he found work waiting tables. He made his Broadway debut in the 1985 Rita Moreno/Sally Struthers production of The Odd Couple and was nominated for a 1992 Tony Award for his featured role in Conversations with My Father. Shalhoub met his wife, actress Brooke Adams, when they co-starred on Broadway in The Heidi Chronicles. In 1998 Shalhoub starred in The Classic Stage Company's production of Waiting For Godot alongside John Turturro and Christopher Lloyd.
Shalhoub returned in December 2006 to the Off-Broadway Second Stage Theatre, opposite Patricia Heaton for a run of The Scene by Theresa Rebeck. In 2010, he went to Broadway to act as Saunders in a revival version of Lend Me a Tenor in New York at the Music Box Theatre. He was nominated for a 2013 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Play for Lincoln Center Theater's production of Golden Boy at the Belasco Theatre. He was nominated for a 2014 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play for Lincoln Center Theater's production of Act One at the Vivian Beaumont Theatre. Shalhoub and his wife appeared in Samuel Beckett's Happy Days in June and July, 2015 in New York City.
He starred in the musical stage adaptation of the film The Band's Visit, in the Off-Broadway Atlantic Theatre Company production. The musical, with music and lyrics by David Yazbek and book by Itamar Moses, ran from November 11, 2016 through December 23, 2016. He reprised his role when the show moved to Broadway where it opened at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on November 9, 2017. For his performance, he won the 2018 Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical. He also appeared as Walter Franz in the 2017 Broadway revival of The Price.
Screen roles
After playing several small television and film roles from 1986 to 1991, he landed the role of cab driver Antonio Scarpacci in the sitcom Wings. Shalhoub was pleasantly surprised to land the role after having a guest appearance as a waiter in the second season. He became a regular in the third season. The character's name was kept but changed to a cab driver. He affected an Italian accent for the role. Shalhoub played the role from 1991 until the series ended in 1997.
In the same time period, Shalhoub played the lead role of physicist Dr. Chester Ray Banton in The X-Files second-season episode "Soft Light," the first episode written by Vince Gilligan. Banton's shadow becomes lethal after Banton gets stuck in a particle accelerator, causing him to accidentally destroy anyone close to him, after which the government imprisons and tortures him in an effort to weaponize his superpower.
Shalhoub's film roles following his Wings breakout included an excitable producer consulted by John Turturro's character in Barton Fink and a fast-talking lawyer in The Man Who Wasn't There (both directed by the Coen brothers), a linguistically unidentified cabby in Quick Change, a Cuban-American businessman in Primary Colors, sleazy alien pawn shop owner Jack Jeebs in the Men in Black films, an attorney in A Civil Action, a widowed father in Thirteen Ghosts, a cameo role in the film Gattaca, and a has-been television star in Galaxy Quest.
He had a co-starring role in the film Big Night, where he played an Italian-speaking chef complete with accent. In 1995 he had a role in the hit NBC sitcom Frasier in the episode "The Focus Group" as an Arab newsstand owner named Manu Habbib. He did voice acting for the 1997 computer game Fallout.
Shalhoub demonstrated his dramatic range in the 1998 big-budget thriller The Siege, where he co-starred alongside Denzel Washington, Annette Bening, and Bruce Willis. His character, FBI Special Agent Frank Haddad, also a Lebanese American, suffered discrimination after terrorist attacks in New York City. He returned to series television in 1999, this time in a lead role on Stark Raving Mad, opposite Neil Patrick Harris. The show failed to attract an audience and NBC canceled the series in 2000.
Monk
After a three-year absence from the small screen, Shalhoub starred in another TV series, Monk. Airing on the USA Network, the series featured Shalhoub as Adrian Monk, a detective with obsessive-compulsive disorder. He was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series in eight consecutive years from 2003 to 2010, winning in 2003, 2005, and 2006. He also took the Golden Globe award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy, in 2003. In May 2020, NBC's Peacock streaming service posted a series of videos on YouTube during the COVID-19 pandemic, entitled the "At-Home Variety Show". Among them was a Monk short entitled "Mr. Monk Shelters in Place", featuring Shalhoub and his co-stars Traylor Howard, Ted Levine, and Jason Gray-Stanford, showing how their characters were coping with the pandemic.
During Monk
In addition to his acting work, Shalhoub, along with the Network of Arab-American Professionals and Zoom-in-Focus Productions, established The Arab-American Filmmaker Award Competition in 2005. Arab-American filmmakers submitted screenplays, and the chosen winner was flown to Hollywood to have their screenplay produced.
He appeared with Matthew Broderick and Alec Baldwin in the 2004 Hollywood satire The Last Shot as a gruff small-time mobster with a love for movies. In 2006, he appeared in Danny Leiner's drama The Great New Wonderful as a psychologist in post-9/11 New York City. In 2007, he appeared in the horror film 1408 and on-stage off-Broadway as Charlie in The Scene.
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Shalhoub stars as Jewish-American math professor Abe Weissman, father of protagonist Midge Maisel (Rachel Brosnahan), in the Emmy-winning, Amazon-produced TV comedy series The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel.
Voice work
His first two voiceover credits were as Aradesh in the original Fallout in his only non-Cars related video game credit, and Emir in one episode of the Disney animated series Gargoyles. He received a 2008 Grammy nomination in the category "Best Spoken Word Album for Children" for his narration of The Cricket in Times Square. He provided the voice of Luigi, a 1959 Fiat 500 who runs a tire shop, in the 2006 Disney/Pixar film Cars and its 2011 and 2017 sequels, Cars 2 and Cars 3, respectively. Shalhoub voiced Splinter in the 2014 film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and reprised the role in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows. He most recently played the character of Fred in the 2021 animated film, Rumble.
Investing
Shalhoub is an investor in the Michelin-starred Italian restaurant, Rezdora.
Personal life
Shalhoub married actress Brooke Adams in 1992. They have worked together in several films, one episode of Wings, and on BrainDead. Adams has appeared credited as a "Special Guest Star" in five episodes of Monk—"Mr. Monk and the Airplane", "Mr. Monk's 100th Case", "Mr. Monk and the Kid", "Mr. Monk Visits a Farm", and "Mr. Monk and the Badge".
Shalhoub and Adams appeared on Broadway together in the 2010 revival of Lend Me a Tenor. At the time of their wedding, Adams had an adopted daughter, Josie Lynn (born 1989), whom Shalhoub adopted. In 1994, they adopted another daughter, Sophie (born 1993).
Tony's brother Michael is also an actor who made multiple guest appearances on Monk. He first appears in "Mr. Monk and the Missing Granny", as a member of a disbanded radical group suspected of involvement in a kidnapping. In "Mr. Monk Bumps His Head", he plays a Wyoming beekeeper who is annoyed when a suspect crashes a car into his farm. Michael also appears in "Mr. Monk Is the Best Man" as the minister presiding at Leland Stottlemeyer's wedding.
In May 2020, Shalhoub revealed that he and his wife Brooke had tested positive for COVID-19 the previous month, remarking that "we really are all Monk now", and that they had recovered after "a pretty rough few weeks".
Filmography
Film
Television
Stage
Video games
Producer
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Star File: Tony Shalhoub at Broadway.com
Interview with Tony Shalhoub in Venice Magazine
1st Annual Arab-American Film Maker Award 2005
1953 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male musical theatre actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American people of Arab descent
American people of Lebanese descent
Television producers from New York City
Best Musical or Comedy Actor Golden Globe (television) winners
Outstanding Performance by a Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Primetime Emmy Award winners
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series Screen Actors Guild Award winners
Male actors from Wisconsin
People from Green Bay, Wisconsin
University of Southern Maine alumni
University of Wisconsin–Green Bay alumni
Yale School of Drama alumni
Yale University alumni
Tony Award winners
Lebanese Christians
Film directors from Wisconsin
Green Bay East High School alumni
The 2020 United States presidential election in Maine was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Maine voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Maine has four electoral votes in the Electoral College. Unlike all other states except Nebraska, Maine awards two electoral votes based on the statewide vote, and one vote for each congressional district. In the 2016 election, Maine split its vote for the first time since 1828, awarding one electoral vote to Trump as he got the most votes in Maine's 2nd congressional district.
Maine became the first state to use ranked-choice voting for a presidential general election, with voters able to rank their preferred candidates on the ballot.
Biden carried Maine by a 9.1% margin over Trump, improving over Hillary Clinton's 3% win margin in 2016. Biden handily carried Maine's 1st congressional district by 23%, while Trump carried its 2nd congressional district by 7.4%, winning a single electoral vote from the state. This marked the first election in history in which Maine and Nebraska both split their electoral votes. Ranked-choice tabulation was ultimately not used as Biden earned a majority statewide and in the 1st district, while Trump earned a majority in the 2nd district. Biden narrowly flipped Kennebec County (home to the state capital, Augusta) four years after Clinton lost it. All other counties favored the same party they did in 2016.
Maine is located in New England, an area that has become a Democratic Party stronghold. It was once a classic Rockefeller Republican state, but social issues have moved it to the Democratic column. The last Republican to win all its electoral votes was George H. W. Bush in 1988. Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden's strength in Maine came from liberals, with Biden winning whites 54%–44%, including 56% of white women. Biden was even competitive with Trump among Maine's gun owners, a traditionally Republican interest group, capturing 42% of their vote to Trump's 57%.
This was the first presidential election since 2004 in which Maine's 2nd congressional district backed the losing candidate, and the 2nd district is the only part of the so-called Blue Wall which Trump won in 2020, referring to states and electoral-vote areas that voted Democrat in every election from 1992 to 2012; Biden thus became the first Democrat since 1976 to win the White House without carrying this district. Biden also became the first Democrat since 1892 to win the White House without carrying Androscoggin County, the first since 1976 to do so without carrying Aroostook, Franklin, Oxford, Penobscot, or Washington counties, and the first since 1992 to do so without carrying Somerset County.
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on Super Tuesday, March 3, 2020.
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump ran unopposed in the Republican primary, and thus he received all of Maine's 22 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
In an electoral upset, moderate candidate Joe Biden won the state, which primary opponent Bernie Sanders previously won in 2016.
Libertarian nominee
Jo Jorgensen, Psychology Senior Lecturer at Clemson University
Green nominee
Howie Hawkins, co-founder of the Green Party, trade unionist and environmental activist
Alliance nominee
Rocky De La Fuente, businessman
General election
Ballot access
Libertarian
The Libertarian Party was recognized by Maine as an official party in June 2016 but lost that status in December 2018. To qualify for ballot access, Jorgensen was required to submit 4,000 petition signatures to the state by August 3. Jorgensen sued the state for a reduction of the signature requirement, citing an increase in the difficulty of petitioning caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Jorgensen was successful in appearing on the ballot.
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary (statewide)
Aggregate polls
Statewide polls
Maine's 1st congressional district
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
with Donald Trump and Joe Biden
Maine's 2nd congressional district
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
with Donald Trump and Joe Biden
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
with Pete Buttigieg in Maine's 1st congressional district
with Kamala Harris in Maine's 1st congressional district
with Bernie Sanders in Maine's 1st congressional district
with Elizabeth Warren in Maine's 1st congressional district
with Pete Buttigieg in Maine's 2nd congressional district
with Kamala Harris in Maine's 2nd congressional district
with Bernie Sanders in Maine's 2nd congressional district
with Elizabeth Warren in Maine's 2nd congressional district
with Generic Democrat
with Generic Opponent
with Generic Democrat in Maine's 1st congressional district
with Generic Democrat in Maine's 2nd congressional district
Results
Statewide (2 electoral votes)
1st congressional district (1 electoral vote)
2nd congressional district (1 electoral vote)
By county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Kennebec (the largest municipality: Augusta)
By congressional district
Joe Biden won the 1st district as the incumbent Democratic representative was re-elected. Donald Trump won the 2nd district despite the incumbent Democratic representative being re-elected.
See also
2020 Maine elections
United States presidential elections in Maine
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
Elections & Voting division of the Maine Secretary of State
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Maine
2020
Presidential
Khinchin's theorem may refer to any of several different results by Aleksandr Khinchin:
Wiener–Khinchin theorem
Khinchin's constant
Khinchin's theorem on the factorization of distributions
Khinchin's theorem on Diophantine approximations
The Lithuanian Air Force Band () is a Lithuanian musical group representing the Lithuanian Air Force which participates in military parades, celebrations, funeral ceremonies, as well as concerts for the public. It was founded in Vilnius on 12 May 1994 as two separate orchestras (the central air force orchestra led by Colonel Č. Braziulis, and the Vytautas Magnus Battalion wind orchestra led by Colonel J. Veselkos). On 21 March 2001, the Commander of the Air Force and the Minister of National Defense ordered the merger of the two orchestras to become the representative air force orchestra. The orchestra has 29 musicians and is led by Captain Ričardas Kukulskis and Captain Remigijus Terminas.
See also
Lithuanian Armed Forces Orchestra
Military Music Center of the Ukrainian Air Force
Air Force Band Erfurt
References
External links
A concert of the orchestra
Lithuanian military bands
Lithuanian musical groups
Musical groups established in 1994
1994 establishments in Lithuania
Air force bands
David Laurin Ricken (born November 9, 1952) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, serving as the bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay in Wisconsin since 2008. Ricken previously served as bishop of the Diocese of Cheyenne in Wyoming from 1999 to 2008.
Biography
Early life and education
David Ricken was born to George William "Bill" Ricken and Bertha (Davis) Ricken in Dodge City, Kansas. He has two siblings: a brother Mark and a sister Carol, who became principal of St. Mary's School in Cheyenne, Wyoming. For his primary education, David Ricken attended Sacred Heart Cathedral Grade School in Dodge City. He later attended St. Francis High School Seminary in Victoria, Kansas, graduating in 1970.
Ricken did undergraduate studies in philosophy at the Pontifical College Josephinum in Worthington, Ohio, and Conception Seminary College in Conception, Missouri, graduating there in 1974. As a seminarian for the Diocese of Pueblo, he attended St. Meinrad School of Theology in St. Meinrad, Indiana, and the American College of the Immaculate Conception in Leuven, Belgium. Ricken obtained a Master of Theology degree in 1980 from the Catholic University of Leuven.
Ordination and ministry
Ricken was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Arthur Tafoya on September 12, 1980 for the Diocese of Pueblo. After his ordination, Ricken served as associate pastor of the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart Parish in Pueblo until 1985. From 1985 to 1987, he was both parish administrator of Holy Rosary Parish and vice-chancellor of the diocese. In 1987, Ricken went to the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, where he earned a Licentiate of Canon Law in 1989.
After returning to Colorado, Ricken was named diocesan vocation director and Vvcar for ministry formation, and became diocesan chancellor in 1992. In 1996. Ricken returned to Rome to work as an official of the Congregation for the Clergy in the Roman Curia, serving in that position until 1999.
Bishop of Cheyenne
On December 14, 1999, Ricken was appointed as coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Cheyenne by Pope John Paul II. He received his episcopal consecration on January 6, 2000, in Rome from John Paul II, with Archbishop Giovanni Re and Marcello Zago, serving as co-consecrators, in St. Peter's Basilica. Ricken succeeded Bishop Joseph Hart as bishop of Cheyenne on September 26, 2001, upon the latter's retirement.
Ricken is a 2009 inductee in the Catholic Education Foundation's Hall of Fame. While the bishop of Cheyenne, he co-founded Wyoming Catholic College in Lander, Wyoming, established the Wyoming School of Catholic Thought at Wyoming Catholic College, and founded the John Paul II Catholic School in Gillette, Wyoming. Ricken oversaw the building of a new building for St. Mary's Catholic School in Cheyenne.
Bishop of Green Bay
Pope Benedict XVI named Ricken as the twelfth bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay on July 9, 2008. Ricken was installed on August 28, 2008. In August 2019, Ricken came under scrutiny for a letter he wrote in 2002 about Bishop Hart. In 2002, a Wyoming man filed a complaint with the Cheyenne Police Department that Hart had molested him when he was age 14 in the 1970's. Ricken, then bishop of Cheyenne, wrote a letter to the police that vouched for Hart's innocence. After a police investigation over several months, the district attorney declined to prosecute Hart.
In 2017, Cheyenne Bishop Steven Biegler initiated a diocesan investigation of this case, which ultimately found the allegations against Hart to be credible. This investigation also revealed more possible victims of Hart. When asked in 2019 for his thoughts about the case, Ricken replied: "Well I suppose reading back you could say that, but I did what I knew to do at the time with what I knew, and that's what I did."
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cheyenne
1952 births
Living people
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
American College of the Immaculate Conception alumni
KU Leuven alumni
People from Dodge City, Kansas
Pontifical College Josephinum alumni
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Roman Catholic bishops of Cheyenne
Roman Catholic bishops of Green Bay
Catholics from Kansas
John Thomas Paice (4 December 1931 – 12 January 2015) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
John Paice's profile at Blueseum
1931 births
2015 deaths
Carlton Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
In financial mathematics, a risk measure is used to determine the amount of an asset or set of assets (traditionally currency) to be kept in reserve. The purpose of this reserve is to make the risks taken by financial institutions, such as banks and insurance companies, acceptable to the regulator. In recent years attention has turned towards convex and coherent risk measurement.
Mathematically
A risk measure is defined as a mapping from a set of random variables to the real numbers. This set of random variables represents portfolio returns. The common notation for a risk measure associated with a random variable is . A risk measure should have certain properties:
Normalized
Translative
Monotone
Set-valued
In a situation with -valued portfolios such that risk can be measured in of the assets, then a set of portfolios is the proper way to depict risk. Set-valued risk measures are useful for markets with transaction costs.
Mathematically
A set-valued risk measure is a function , where is a -dimensional Lp space, , and where is a constant solvency cone and is the set of portfolios of the reference assets. must have the following properties:
Normalized
Translative in M
Monotone
Examples
Value at risk
Expected shortfall
Superposed risk measures
Entropic value at risk
Drawdown
Tail conditional expectation
Entropic risk measure
Superhedging price
Expectile
Variance
Variance (or standard deviation) is not a risk measure in the above sense. This can be seen since it has neither the translation property nor monotonicity. That is, for all , and a simple counterexample for monotonicity can be found. The standard deviation is a deviation risk measure. To avoid any confusion, note that deviation risk measures, such as variance and standard deviation are sometimes called risk measures in different fields.
Relation to acceptance set
There is a one-to-one correspondence between an acceptance set and a corresponding risk measure. As defined below it can be shown that and .
Risk measure to acceptance set
If is a (scalar) risk measure then is an acceptance set.
If is a set-valued risk measure then is an acceptance set.
Acceptance set to risk measure
If is an acceptance set (in 1-d) then defines a (scalar) risk measure.
If is an acceptance set then is a set-valued risk measure.
Relation with deviation risk measure
There is a one-to-one relationship between a deviation risk measure D and an expectation-bounded risk measure where for any
.
is called expectation bounded if it satisfies for any nonconstant X and for any constant X.
See also
Coherent risk measure
Dynamic risk measure
Managerial risk accounting
Risk management
Risk metric - the abstract concept that a risk measure quantifies
RiskMetrics - a model for risk management
Spectral risk measure
Distortion risk measure
Value at risk
Conditional value-at-risk
Entropic value at risk
Risk return ratio
References
Further reading
Actuarial science
Financial risk modeling
Wildbacher is a dark-skinned grape variety and specialty of the Styria region of Austria. It is a very old variety said to go back to the Celts, and manuscripts first record the name in the 16th century. The variety is not particularly demanding in terms of soil though it does require warm sites with sufficient aeration as it is prone to rot. The grapes tend to ripen late and yields can be inconsistent. Wines made from Wildbacher typically exhibit red berry and herbal flavors with a refreshing acidity.
Schilcher
Schilcher is a specialty red wine from Styria made from Wildbacher grapes. Genuine Schilcher comes exclusively from West Styria although this style of wine is also made in South Styria and Southeast Styria. Schilcher wines are rosés with pale red to straw shades and true Schilchers from West Styria can be identified by the presence of a Lipizzaner stallion on the bottle or cap. Schilcher wines are light, dry and fruity with a distinctive crisp acidity and should be drunk as young as possible.
Italy
Wildbacher is also grown in the Veneto region of northeast Italy where it is generally used as a blending component, although Tenuta Col Sandago makes a 100% Wildbacher oak-aged red wine.
See also
Austrian wine
Italian wine
References
External links
Grape varieties in Austria: Blauer Wildbacher Wines from Austria
Vitis International Variety Catalogue
Tenuta Col Sandago
Red wine grape varieties
An abscess of the thymus (also known as "Dubois' abscesses") is a condition that is one of many possible causes of cysts in the mediastinum.
It can present with chest pain behind the sternum.
It can be associated with congenital syphilis.
Although the thymus is usually classified with the immune system, thymic diseases are classified with endocrine disorders in ICD-9 and ICD-10.
References
External links
Lymphatic organ diseases
Cape Renard () is a cape forming the south side of the entrance to Flandres Bay and separating the Danco and Graham Coasts on the west coast of Antarctic Peninsula. Situated on the minor Renard Island just off the north extremity of Kyiv Peninsula, and surmounted by Una's Peaks. Discovered in 1898 by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache and named by him for Professor A. Renard, a member of the Belgica Commission and of the Belgian Royal Academy.
Azufre Point lies about 3 miles (5 km) southeast.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
See also
List of lighthouses in Antarctica
References
Cape Renard. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Renard
Danco Coast
Graham Coast
Lighthouses in Antarctica
Belle Yang (born 1960) is an artist, author, graphic novelist and children's book writer.
Biography
Yang was born in Taiwan in 1960, and moved to the San Francisco Bay area with her parents when she was seven years old. She graduated from University of California, Santa Cruz with a degree in biology, then enrolled in art school. When an ex-boyfriend began harassing Yang, her parents sent her to live with friends of the family in Beijing. She spent three years in China, traveling the country and studying history and classical Chinese art. She was in Beijing during the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests, and returned to the US later that year. Once home, she started recording her parents' stories of their life in China, and that led to her first book, Baba, A Return to China Upon My Father's Shoulders, in 1994. The book, published by Harcourt Brace, was about her father, Joseph Yang, walking out of a 1940s war-torn China.
Author Amy Tan, who wrote the foreword to Baba, says that "Belle Yang is an American writer who writes in English and thinks in Chinese". Maxine Hong Kingston compared Yang's art and writing to that of Isaac Bashevis Singer and Marc Chagall. The Kirkus Review wrote that "Yang's work is like a lovely painted scroll swimming with wild souls, beasts, birds, flowers, day and night sky, tragedy, and hope".
In 1996, Yang wrote a second book about her father's exodus from China, Odyssey of a Manchurian. She completed the trilogy, in 2010, with publication by W.W. Norton and Company of the graphic novel Forget Sorrow, An Ancestral Tale.
Yang has also written children's books including Chili-Chili-Chin-Chin, Foo the Flying Frog of Washtub Pond, Always Come Home to Me and My Name Is Hannah, a retelling of her family waiting for its green card after entering the United States.
Yang has had numerous museum exhibitions, including a national tour in its third year, Crossing Cultures: Belle Yang, A Story of Immigration. She is the subject of a film documentary by Mac and Ava Motion Pictures that has been telecast on public television, My Name Is Belle.
Selected works
References
1965 births
Living people
American writers of Taiwanese descent
American women writers of Chinese descent
American women artists
21st-century American women writers
Taiwanese emigrants to the United States
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
Female comics writers
American female comics artists
Taiwanese women artists
21st-century Taiwanese women writers
Taiwanese female comics artists
American children's writers
Taiwanese children's writers
"The Night" is a song by the Animals. It was released as the first single from their 1983 Ark reunion effort.
It is the band's first and only Billboard Hot 100 entry since 1968, peaking at No. 48. It is also their only entry on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, peaking at No. 34.
Background
Eric Burdon wrote this song with John Sterling, who gave it to him after he wrote the initial music and lyrics about his wife Eva who was visiting her family in Sweden. John talked with her on the phone every night during her absence.
The video clip for MTV was shot on July 21, 1983. The complete line-up is featured there.
Chart performance
References
Songs about nights
1983 singles
The Animals songs
Songs written by Eric Burdon
I.R.S. Records singles
Song recordings produced by Stephen Lipson
Astudillo may refer to:
Astudillo (surname)
Astudillo, Palencia, a municipality in the Spanish autonomous community of Castilla y Leon part of the Province of Palencia
Astudillo Glacier, a glacier of Graham Land, Antarctica
The Eight Views (or Vistas) of Danyang (Hangeul: 단양팔경, Hanja: 丹陽八景) are the selected natural scenes of Danyang County, Chungcheongbuk-do in Korea.
General
The Eight Views (or Vistas) of Danyang are the selected natural scenes of Danyang County, Chungcheongbuk-do in Korea. They are mainly famous rocks and peaks of this mountainous region.
Dodam Sambong (3 Peak Island - Hangeul: 도담삼봉, Hanja: 島潭三峰)
Seokmun (Stone Gate - Hangeul:석문, Hanja:石門)
Gudambong (Hanja:亀潭峰)
Oksunbong (Hanja:玉筍峰)
Sangseonam (Hanja:上仙岩)
Jungseonam (Hanja:中仙岩)
Haseonam (Hanja:下仙岩)
Sainam (Hanja:舎人岩)
Among these sights the best known is Dodam Sambong (3 Peak Island), representing the typical love triangle of ancient Korea: a husband, his wife and his mistress. The biggest peak, about 20 feet high with a pavilion on top, in the middle represents the husband, while the first smaller peak on one side of the husband is the wife. On the other side the smallest peak is the mistress. According to legend, the wife was not able to give birth to a son, so the husband found a mistress to produce a son. The wife was upset, which is why the wife peak is farther from the husband than the mistress. If you look at the wife from a specific angle and use a bit of imagination, you will see that the wife was so angry that she turned away from the husband.
Danyang County is in the area of the Namhan River, upstream south of the Han River where Seoul is located. It is said to be in the middle of the route on which the Chinese culture in ancient days reached the southern area of Korean and ultimately Japan.
See also
Eight Views
Eight Views of Korea
References
External links
Eight Views of Danyan County (Danyang County's official web site in English)
Geography of North Chungcheong Province
Arts in Korea
Tourist attractions in South Korea
Tourist attractions in North Chungcheong Province
Danyang County
Virgin Soil Upturned () is a 1939 Soviet drama film directed by Yuli Raizman.
Plot
In January 1930, the farm Gremyachy Log arrives collectivization former sailor, communist-twenty-five-thousander, a former worker of the Leningrad plant, Semyon Davydov. In the farm he meets and gets acquainted with Makar Nagulnov, the head of the local party cell, and the chairman of village council, Andrei Razmyotnov. The members of party convened a meeting of Gremyachins activists and the poor. The present farmers registered in the collective farm and recorded those who should be dekulakization. The prosperous farmers did not aspire to the collective farm. At the end of February, an entry into the collective farm stopped, an enemy force acted in the farm. Dissatisfied secretly gathered to discuss how to discourage collectivization.
Cast
Gavriil Belov as Ostrovnov
Sergei Blinnikov as Bannik
Mikhail Bolduman as Nagulnov
Boris Dobronravov as Davydov
Vladimir Dorofeyev as grandfather Shchukar
as Polovtsev
Yelena Maksimova as Malanya Atamanchukova
See also
And Quiet Flows the Don (film)
References
External links
Сценарий «Поднятой целины»
1939 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1939 drama films
Mosfilm films
Films set in the Soviet Union
Soviet black-and-white films
Films based on Russian novels
Films scored by Georgy Sviridov
HMS Bramble was launched in Bermuda in 1809. She had a relatively brief and uneventful career before the Royal Navy sold her in December 1815. She became the mercantile Bramble (or Bamble), and was last listed in 1824.
Career
Lieutenant John Fleming commissioned Bramble in August 1808 in Bermuda. In March 1813 Fleming commissioned , by which time Bramble was already under the command of Lieutenant Henry Freeman Young Pogson, who had assumed command on 26 August 1812. While under Pogson's command, Bramble was employed in carrying despatches to the coasts of Spain and North America.
On 1 November 1812 Bramble, Lieutenant Pogson, captured the Prussian brig De Twee Gebroeders, Joseph Dorman, master.
On 4 March 1813 Bramble sent into Plymouth Habnab, Vibers, master, for a breach of the revenue laws. Habnab had been sailing from Bay Chaleurs to Corruna.
On 31 March Bramble and were in company at the capture of the American brig Lightning. They were also in company on 15 April at the capture of the letter of marque Caroline.
On 7 May there was an auction of the cargo of the American vessel Hope, Benjamin Holbrook, master, which Bramble had captured coming into Corruna from Philadelphia. Hope had been sailing under a license issued by the British government and so the Admiralty Court in Plymouth restored her to her owners. However, her cargo had to be sold both to pay expenses and because she had arrived at Plymouth in a distressed state.
On 15 May Bramble brought into Plymouth Lord Wellington, bound for Guernsey, and coming from Gibraltar and Corunna.
In June 1814 Lieutenant Thomas Nichols assumed command of Bramble.
On 28 June Count de Faironneye arrived at Fowey after Bramble had detained her. Count de Faironneye had been sailing from Guadeloupe.
On 7 July Bramble was off Madeira when she captured Triton, Menderema, master, which had been on her way to Havana or Guadeloupe from Bordeaux. Triton arrived at Fowey on 18 July.
Triton, of 278 tons (bm), and , was brand-new, copper-bottomed, and pierced for 10 guns, though she mounted only two. She was offered for auction in Plymouth on 3 May 1816.
Disposal: The "Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy" offered "Bramble schooner, of 150 tons", "lying at Deptford", for sale on 14 December 1815. She sold on that day for £600.
Merchantman
Bamble [sic] appeared in Lloyd's Register LR) in 1816, as a barque.
She was last listed in 1824, with unchanged data.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Shamrock-class schooners
1809 ships
Ships built in Bermuda
Schooners of the Royal Navy
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Playwrite is an EPUB-based desktop publishing application developed by Wundr. It runs on Mac OS X 10.8 (Mountain Lion) or later. Playwrite can import HTML and plain text files. Playwrite is the only desktop publishing software which uses EPUB as the native file type.
Features
Playwrite's has the following main features:
Responsive e-books (design once, work on tablets, smartphones, and other devices)
WYSIWYG editing
Automatic table of contents (multi-level)
Spelling and grammar checker (multi-language)
Supports drag and drop of video, audio, and images
Variety of templates in different genres (textbooks, novels, academic journals...)
Font and color schemes to easily update the look and feel of your content
Intuitive user-interface
References
External links
EPUB readers
MacOS text-related software
Typesetting software
Desktop publishing software
Software that uses Qt
The Pakistan cricket team toured South Africa between December 2018 and February 2019 to play three Tests, five One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches. The ODI fixtures were part of both teams' preparation for the 2019 Cricket World Cup.
South Africa's Boxing Day Test was held at Centurion Park in Centurion for the first time. In the first session of the match, Dale Steyn became South Africa's leading wicket-taker in Tests, taking his 422nd wicket, surpassing Shaun Pollock who had held the record for ten years. South Africa's captain Faf du Plessis was penalised for a slow over-rate in the second Test and was suspended for the third and final Test of the series. Dean Elgar was named as the stand-in captain for the third Test. South Africa won the Test series 3–0.
During the second ODI, Pakistan's captain Sarfaraz Ahmed was caught on the stump mics making a racist comment towards Andile Phehlukwayo. Sarfraz played in the third ODI match, but was then suspended by the International Cricket Council (ICC) for the next four matches, missing the last two ODIs and the first two T20Is of the tour. Shoaib Malik was named as the captain for the fourth and fifth ODIs and the T20I series. The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) were disappointed with the ICC's decision to suspend Sarfraz, after Sarfraz apologised in person to Phehlukwayo before the start of the third ODI. South Africa went on to win the ODI series 3–2.
Faf du Plessis was rested for the last two T20Is of the series, with David Miller named as the captain of South Africa in his place. South Africa won the T20I series 2–1.
Squads
Dane Paterson was added to South Africa's squad for the first Test, replacing Vernon Philander, who had a finger injury. Pakistan's Haris Sohail suffered an injury before the start of the first Test and was later ruled out of the rest of the series. Pieter Malan was named as cover for Aiden Markram in South Africa's squad ahead of the third Test.
For the first two ODIs, South Africa rested Dale Steyn and Quinton de Kock, replacing them with Duanne Olivier and Aiden Markram. For the last three ODIs, Beuran Hendricks was added to South Africa's squad. Quinton de Kock and Dale Steyn were re-added to South Africa's squad for the last three matches after being rested, with Duanne Olivier, Dane Paterson and Heinrich Klaasen being dropped. Wiaan Mulder was added to South Africa's squad for the fifth ODI.
Mohammad Rizwan was added to Pakistan's squad for the T20I series, after Sarfaraz Ahmed was suspended. Asif Ali was also added to Pakistan's T20I squad. Quinton de Kock was ruled out of South Africa's T20I squad with a groin injury and was replaced by Janneman Malan. Mohammad Amir was added to Pakistan's squad for the final T20I of the series.
Tour match
Three-day match: Cricket South Africa Invitation XI vs Pakistan
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
3rd Test
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
T20I series
1st T20I
2nd T20I
3rd T20I
Notes
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2018 in South African cricket
2018 in Pakistani cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
Pakistani cricket tours of South Africa
MV Pelagitis is a roll-on/roll-off (Ro-Ro) ferry formerly operated by Marine Atlantic from North Sydney, Nova Scotia to Channel-Port aux Basques, Newfoundland, Canada. The vessel was completed in 1978 by Hyundai Shipbuilding Company Limited in and delivered to the Stena Line which operates in Northern Europe. She was sold on 12 March 2010 and given her current name Pelagitis.
Throughout her career, the vessel sailed under the names Atlantic Freighter, Merzario Grecia, Stena Grecia, and Tor Felicia.
Operation
Loading and unloading the vessel each take over three hours. Eight trailers are loaded at one time using a "yard tractor train system". The vessel represented 19.6 percent of Marine Atlantic's fleet in 2005.
Asbestos risk
In 1990 asbestos was found in use on the vessel. Management made the decision to encapsulate the asbestos. In November 2007, 60 workers on Atlantic Freighter were told they should be tested for asbestos exposure.
Gulf War service
Atlantic Freighter was chartered by the United States Military Sealift Command in December 1990, and served two supply missions to the Persian Gulf during the Gulf War. The vessel was captained by Neil Hillier, and crewed by 25 volunteers. Fisheries and Oceans Minister, Fred Mifflin was credited with five years of efforts to secure the right for the crew to wear the United States Merchant Marine Expeditionary Award.
References
Ferries of Newfoundland and Labrador
Ferries of Nova Scotia
Marine Atlantic
Ships built by Hyundai Heavy Industries Group
1977 ships
Senator Dwinell may refer to:
Frank A. Dwinell (1848–1928), Vermont State Senate
Lane Dwinell (1906–1997), New Hampshire State Senate
William S. Dwinnell (1862–1930), Minnesota State Senate
Nebojša Mihailović (; born 13 April 1961) is a Serbian lawyer and former professional basketball player.
Basketball career
Playing career
Mihailović grew up with the Crvena zvezda youth system, playing under coaches Mile Protić and Božidar Maljković.
As a professional player, Mihailović spent his entire professional career in Yugoslavia, playing for Crvena zvezda, Mladost Zemun, and OKK Beograd. He retired as a professional player with OKK Beograd in 1988 to start his legal career.
Post-playing career
After retirement of professional career in 1988, Mihailović joined an amateur team KK Poštar.
Since June 2011, Mihailović has been a member of the Commission for Competitions at the Basketball Federation of Serbia, in charge for players' transfers and registrations.
Legal career
Mihailović earned his law degree from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law in 1985. In 1988, he pas the bar exam. At the same time he opened his own law firm and started his legal career as an attorney.
References
1961 births
Living people
Basketball players from Belgrade
Lawyers from Belgrade
KK Crvena zvezda players
KK Mladost Zemun players
OKK Beograd players
20th-century Serbian lawyers
Serbian men's basketball players
University of Belgrade Faculty of Law alumni
Yugoslav men's basketball players
21st-century Serbian lawyers
Motinėlė Society (motinėlė is a Lithuanian-language diminutive of "mother") was the common name of two Lithuanian charitable societies, one based in the United States and the other in Kaunas, Lithuania, that provided financial aid to gifted Catholic minded students. While the societies shared the name and functions, they were independent of each other. The Lithuanian American society was established in 1900 by a group of priests and was active until 1945. Lithuanian priests copied the example and established Motinėlė in Kaunas in 1903. This society was active until 1932. Both societies supported over 120 Lithuanian students, many of whom later became prominent figures in Lithuanian politics, science, culture, and Catholic church.
Lithuanian American society
The idea of a charitable society to support Catholic-minded students was raised by Lithuanian students at the University of Fribourg. They published an appeal in the Lietuva newspaper in Chicago. A group of Lithuanian priests, including , Antanas Milukas, , responded to the appeal and established Motinėlė in Pittston, Pennsylvania. Initially, it had broad goals of supporting Lithuania's independence from the Russian Empire, raising Lithuanian national consciousness, pursuing freedom of the press and religion, and providing financial aid to Lithuanian students and to those who suffered for serving Lithuanian causes. The society had about 200 members (mostly priests) and received most of its income from annual dues that were about $10 (). It was also supported by priests in Lithuania, including the Tėvynės sargas newspaper. The society became virtually inactive in 1926, but was reestablished in 1932. It was disestablished in 1945.
Motinėlė was most active in providing scholarships to Lithuanian university students who studied at various universities of Europe, including the University of Fribourg, Moscow Imperial University, University of Kraków. In 1900–1926, the society distributed $14,000 () in scholarships. In total, it supported 43 students, including composers Stasys Šimkus and , writers Marija Pečkauskaitė (pen name Šatrijos Ragana) and Vincas Mykolaitis-Putinas, Prime Minister Pranas Dovydaitis, philosopher Stasys Šalkauskis, bishops Vincentas Borisevičius and Jurgis Matulaitis, painters Vytautas Kairiūkštis and Adomas Varnas, priest and poet Motiejus Gustaitis, priest and historian Jonas Totoraitis.
Kaunas society
Initially, due to the various Russification policies, the society in Lithuania was illegal and little is known of its first few years. It is believed that it was established in summer 1903. It was supported by Lithuanian priests, including Adomas Dambrauskas-Jakštas, Jonas Mačiulis-Maironis, Kazimieras Steponas Šaulys, Juozas Tumas-Vaižgantas, Pranciškus Būčys, Jonas Totoraitis. They supported linguist Kazimieras Būga, writers Marija Pečkauskaitė (pen name Šatrijos Ragana) and .
When it became possible to register Lithuanian societies, seven Lithuanians from Panevėžys, including linguists Jonas Jablonskis and Juozas Balčikonis, submitted an official request to register the Motinėlė Society in August 1906. The Governor of Kaunas officially approved the registration on 27 January 1907. The founding meeting, attended by 34 people, took place on 21 February and elected the first board (chairman Adomas Dambrauskas-Jakštas, treasurer Kazimieras Steponas Šaulys, and secretary , later members included Juozapas Skvireckas and Kazimieras Paltarokas). In 1909, the society added a three-member audit committee (first members were Juozapas Skvireckas, Konstantinas Olšauskas, and Pranciškus Turauskas, later members included Jonas Mačiulis-Maironis, Juozas Tumas-Vaižgantas, Vladas Jurgutis). It was inactive during World War I, but was reestablished in April 1918. In 1919, it raised the idea of establishing a special fund for publishing thesis and dissertations of Lithuanian students. The idea was supported by Stasys Šalkauskis, Edvardas Turauskas, and Leonas Bistras, but remained unrealized. The society's activities diminished in the 1920s and it was officially liquidated on 8 October 1932 due to inactivity.
The membership dues were set at 10 rubles and later 10 litai (increased to 15 litai in 1925) per month. The society had 94 members in 1909 and 100 members in 1913. Vast majority of them were priests, including Justinas Staugaitis, Jurgis Matulaitis, . After the war, more non-clergy members joined the society. In addition to the membership dues, the society collected various other donations and bequests. For example, Bishop left 1,000 rubles in his last will, priest Pranciškus Strakšas donated securities worth 10,000 rubles, farmer Povilas Vidugiris donated 3,000 rubles. Some former aid recipients repaid their support so that other students could benefit.
Until 1924, the society supported at least 84 students. The largest sums were paid to linguists Kazimieras Būga and Juozas Balčikonis, diplomat Kazys Bizauskas, and physician Eliziejus Draugelis. Other recipients included politicians Leonas Bistras and Mykolas Krupavičius, bishop Vincentas Borisevičius, professor Pranas Dovydaitis, President Aleksandras Stulginskis, diplomat Eduardas Turauskas, painter Adomas Varnas, sculptor Juozas Zikaras, composer , Minister of the Interior .
See also
Žiburėlis, Lithuanian scholarship society established in 1893
References
Organizations established in 1900
Organizations disestablished in 1945
Lithuanian educational societies
Scholarships
Lithuanian-American culture in Pennsylvania
Poecilasthena iopolia is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
References
Moths described in 1926
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Phyllis Hudecki is an American educator from Oklahoma. Hudecki was appointed by Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin to serve as her Secretary of Education. As Secretary, Hudecki oversees all aspects of elementary and secondary education, vocational education and higher education for the State.
Biography
Originally from Morris, Oklahoma, Hudecki received her bachelor's degree and doctorate degree from Oklahoma State University. She received an educational specialist degree in education administration from the University of Missouri-Kansas City and a master's degree in education from the University of Connecticut.
Hudecki began her career in education as a teacher in Norwich, Connecticut and served as an assistant principal at a technical high school in Kansas City, Missouri. She has held various positions with Iowa, Missouri and Massachusetts state departments of education and with the United States Department of Education in Washington, D.C. In 1991, Hudecki joined the University of California-Berkeley as an associate director of the National Center for Research in Vocational Education.
Hudecki joined the Oklahoma Business and Education Coalition (OBEC) as that organization's Executive Director. OBEC is an organization supported by CEO's from 30 business across Oklahoma that develop policies to improve education in the State. Many of these policies have focused on establishing state curriculum standards, reviewing state tests and evaluating the State's education accountability policy.
On November 23, 2010, Governor-elect Mary Fallin announced that she will nominate Hudecki to serve as Oklahoma Secretary of Education. Her appointment will require confirmation by the Oklahoma Senate.
References
Governor-elect Mary Fallin Selects Phyllis Hudecki as Secretary of Education, Office of Governor-elect Mary Fallin, 11-23-10
Fallin Names Education Secretary, Tulsa World, by Barbara Hoberock, 11-23-10
External links
Official biography from the Oklahoma Business and Education Coalition
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
State cabinet secretaries of Oklahoma
Oklahoma State University alumni
University of Connecticut alumni
People from Morris, Oklahoma
University of California, Berkeley staff
Yves Dimier (born 25 July 1969 in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1969 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
People from Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne
Sportspeople from Savoie
20th-century French people
Bhemwa (also written as Bhemua) is a village and a gram panchayat in the Sabang CD block in the Kharagpur subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Bhemwa is located at .
Area overview
Kharagpur subdivision, shown partly in the map alongside, mostly has alluvial soils, except in two CD blocks in the west – Kharagpur I and Keshiary, which mostly have lateritic soils. Around 74% of the total cultivated area is cropped more than once. With a density of population of 787 per km2nearly half of the district's population resides in this subdivision. 14.33% of the population lives in urban areas and 86.67% lives in the rural areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Bhemwa had a total population of 3,967, of which 2,061 (52%) were males and 1,906 (48%) were females. There were 447 persons in the age range of 0–6 years. The total number of literate persons in Bhemwa was 3237 (91.96% of the population over 6 years).
.*For language details see Sabang (community development block)#Language and religion
Education
Bhemwa A.B. High School is a Bengali-medium co-educational institution established in 1957. It has facilities for teaching from class V to class XII. It has a library with 2,600 books, 9 computers and a playground.
Bhemwa R.T. Girls School is a Bengali-medium girls only institution established in 1966. It has facilities for teaching from class V to class X. It has a library with 325 books and a playground. Girls
Bhemwa picture gallery
References
External links
Villages in Paschim Medinipur district
A potential energy surface (PES) describes the energy of a system, especially a collection of atoms, in terms of certain parameters, normally the positions of the atoms. The surface might define the energy as a function of one or more coordinates; if there is only one coordinate, the surface is called a potential energy curve or energy profile. An example is the Morse/Long-range potential.
It is helpful to use the analogy of a landscape: for a system with two degrees of freedom (e.g. two bond lengths), the value of the energy (analogy: the height of the land) is a function of two bond lengths (analogy: the coordinates of the position on the ground).
The PES concept finds application in fields such as chemistry and physics, especially in the theoretical sub-branches of these subjects. It can be used to theoretically explore properties of structures composed of atoms, for example, finding the minimum energy shape of a molecule or computing the rates of a chemical reaction.
Mathematical definition and computation
The geometry of a set of atoms can be described by a vector, , whose elements represent the atom positions. The vector could be the set of the Cartesian coordinates of the atoms, or could also be a set of inter-atomic distances and angles.
Given , the energy as a function of the positions, , is the value of for all interest. Using the landscape analogy from the introduction, E gives the height on the "energy landscape" so that the concept of a potential energy surface arises.
To study a chemical reaction using the PES as a function of atomic positions, it is necessary to calculate the energy for every atomic arrangement of interest. Methods of calculating the energy of a particular atomic arrangement of atoms are well described in the computational chemistry article, and the emphasis here will be on finding approximations of to yield fine-grained energy-position information.
For very simple chemical systems or when simplifying approximations are made about inter-atomic interactions, it is sometimes possible to use an analytically derived expression for the energy as a function of the atomic positions. An example is the London-Eyring-Polanyi-Sato potential for the system H + H2 as a function of the three H-H distances.
For more complicated systems, calculation of the energy of a particular arrangement of atoms is often too computationally expensive for large scale representations of the surface to be feasible. For these systems a possible approach is to calculate only a reduced set of points on the PES and then use a computationally cheaper interpolation method, for example Shepard interpolation, to fill in the gaps.
Application
A Pe are a conceptual tool for aiding the analysis of molecular geometry and chemical reaction dynamics. Once the necessary points are evaluated on a PES, the points can be classified according to the first and second derivatives of the energy with respect to position, which respectively are the gradient and the curvature. Stationary points (or points with a zero gradient) have physical meaning: energy minima correspond to physically stable chemical species and saddle points correspond to transition states, the highest energy point on the reaction coordinate (which is the lowest energy pathway connecting a chemical reactant to a chemical product).
Attractive and repulsive surfaces
Potential energy surfaces for chemical reactions can be classified as attractive or repulsive by comparing the extensions of the bond lengths in the activated complex relative to those of the reactants and products. For a reaction of type A + B—C → A—B + C, the bond length extension for the newly formed A—B bond is defined as R*AB = RAB − R0AB, where RAB is the A—B bond length in the transition state and R0AB in the product molecule. Similarly for the bond which is broken in the reaction, R*BC = RBC − R0BC, where R0BC refers to the reactant molecule.
For exothermic reactions, a PES is classified as attractive (or early-downhill) if R*AB > R*BC, so that the transition state is reached while the reactants are approaching each other. After the transition state, the A—B bond length continues to decrease, so that much of the liberated reaction energy is converted into vibrational energy of the A—B bond. An example is the harpoon reaction K + Br2 → K—Br + Br, in which the initial long-range attraction of the reactants leads to an activated complex resembling K+•••Br−•••Br. The vibrationally excited populations of product molecules can be detected by infrared chemiluminescence.
In contrast the PES for the reaction H + Cl2 → HCl + Cl is repulsive (or late-downhill) because R*HCl < R*ClCl and the transition state is reached when the products are separating. For this reaction in which the atom A (here H) is lighter than B and C, the reaction energy is released primarily as translational kinetic energy of the products. For a reaction such as F + H2 → HF + H in which atom A is heavier than B and C, there is mixed energy release, both vibrational and translational, even though the PES is repulsive.
For endothermic reactions, the type of surface determines the type of energy which is most effective in bringing about reaction. Translational energy of the reactants is most effective at inducing reactions with an attractive surface, while vibrational excitation (to higher vibrational quantum number v) is more effective for reactions with a repulsive surface. As an example of the latter case, the reaction F + HCl(v=1) → Cl + HF is about five times faster than F + HCl(v=0) → Cl + HF for the same total energy of HCl.
History
The concept of a potential energy surface for chemical reactions was first suggested by the French physicist René Marcelin in 1913. The first semi-empirical calculation of a potential energy surface was proposed for the H + H2 reaction by Henry Eyring and Michael Polanyi in 1931. Eyring used potential energy surfaces to calculate reaction rate constants in the transition state theory in 1935.
H + H2 two-dimensional PES
Potential energy surfaces are commonly shown as three-dimensional graphs, but they can also be represented by two-dimensional graphs, in which the advancement of the reaction is plotted by the use of isoenergetic lines.
The collinear system H + H2 is a simple reaction that allows a two-dimension PES to be plotted in an easy and understandable way.
In this reaction, a hydrogen atom (H) reacts with a dihydrogen molecule (H2) by forming a new bond with one atom from the molecule, which in turn breaks the bond of the original molecule. This is symbolized as Ha + Hb–Hc → Ha–Hb + Hc. The progression of the reaction from reactants (H+H₂) to products (H-H-H), as well as the energy of the species that take part in the reaction, are well defined in the corresponding potential energy surface.
Energy profiles describe potential energy as a function of geometrical variables (PES in any dimension are independent of time and temperature).
We have different relevant elements in the 2-D PES:
The 2-D plot shows the minima points where we find reactants, the products and the saddle point or transition state.
The transition state is a maximum in the reaction coordinate and a minimum in the coordinate perpendicular to the reaction path.
The advance of time describes a trajectory in every reaction. Depending on the conditions of the reaction the process will show different ways to get to the product formation plotted between the 2 axes.
See also
Computational chemistry
Energy minimization (or geometry optimization)
Energy profile (chemistry)
Reaction coordinate
References
Quantum mechanics
Potential theory
Quantum chemistry
CricketArchive is a sports website that provides a comprehensive archive of records and data for the game of cricket. It was founded in 2003 by Philip Bailey and Peter Griffiths.
The website contains data corresponding to 1.2 million players, 750,000 scorecards and 14,000 grounds, curated by cricket statistician Philip Bailey.
Over the years, various cricket writers have recognized it as a leading online source for cricket statistics. The Indian Express described it as a haven for obsessive cricket fans.
See also
ESPNcricinfo
Cricbuzz
References
Cricket websites
Sports databases
Internet properties established in 2003
"Cranbrook", also known as "Northampton", is a hymn tune composed in the 1790s or early 1800s by Thomas Clark (1775–1859), a cobbler from Canterbury, and is best known as the tune to the Yorkshire "national anthem" "On Ilkla Moor Baht 'at".
The tune was originally published in A Sett of Psalm & Hymn Tunes with some Select Pieces and an Anthem in 1805 as a setting for "Grace 'tis a charming sound" by Philip Doddridge, but soon became more widely known as a tune for "While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks" by Nahum Tate. The tune is 86.88.666 but is commonly used with lyrics in common metre (86.86). In order to fit, the third line is sung twice and the fourth three times as in "Grace 'tis a charming sound", "While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks" and "On Ilkla Moor baht 'at".
Thomas Clark was a regular visitor to Cranbrook, Kent in the 1790s, and may have composed the tune there, possibly with the help of a local schoolmaster, John Francis. Clark later became a choirmaster and composed many other tunes for churches and Sunday Schools.
Music
External links
CRANBROOK, Hymnary.org (tune usage in various hymnals)
- to this tune, sung by Ely Cathedral Choir
These sites about the author of the tune may also be useful:
https://web.archive.org/web/20120731094423/http://www.hymntime.com/tch/bio/c/l/a/clark_t.htm
http://www.wgma.org.uk/Articles/Clark/article.htm
Hymn tunes
Samuel Newton may refer to:
Samuel Newton (18th century clergyman) in England
Samuel B. Newton (1868–1932), American college football coach
Samuel Newton (sport shooter) (1881–1944), Olympic competitor from Canada
Olimpos, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
tr:Olimpos, Kumluca
This is a list of species in the predominantly crustose lichen genus Buellia. They are commonly known as "button lichens" due to the characteristic shape of their apothecia. A 2020 estimate placed about 300 species in the genus. , Species Fungorum accepts 201 species (including 9 varieties) in Buellia.
A
Buellia adjuncta
Buellia aequata
Buellia aeruginascens
Buellia aeruginosa – Australia
Buellia aethalea
Buellia akatorensis – New Zealand
Buellia albulella – Australia
Buellia alectorialica – New Zealand
Buellia amandineiformis – Australia
Buellia amblyogona
Buellia arborea
Buellia arenaria
Buellia arnoldii
Buellia asterella
Buellia atroflavella
Buellia austera – Australia
Buellia austroabstracta – Australia
Buellia austroalpina – Australia
B
Buellia badia
Buellia billewersii – New Zealand
Buellia bogongensis – Australia
Buellia bohlensis – Australia
C
Buellia campbelliana
Buellia canobolasensis
Buellia capensis – South Africa
Buellia carballaliana
Buellia chionea
Buellia christophii
Buellia chujadoensis
Buellia chujana – South Korea
Buellia cinnabarina – Australia
Buellia claricollina – Australia
Buellia cranfieldii – Australia
Buellia cranwelliae – New Zealand
D
Buellia dakotensis
Buellia desertica
Buellia desertorum
Buellia dialyta
Buellia dijiana – Australia
Buellia dimbulahensis – Australia
Buellia diplotommoides
Buellia disciformis
Buellia dispersa
Buellia durackensis – Australia
E
Buellia ecclesensis – Australia
Buellia eganii
Buellia endoferruginea
Buellia endoleuca
Buellia epiaeruginosa – Australia
Buellia epifimbriata
Buellia epigaea
Buellia epigaella – Australia
Buellia erubescens
Buellia ewersii – Australia
Buellia excelsa
Buellia extenuatella – Australia
Buellia extremoorientalis
F
Buellia fallax – Australia
Buellia farinulenta
Buellia flavescens
Buellia fluviicygnorum – Australia
Buellia fosteri
Buellia fraudans
Buellia frigida
Buellia fuliginosa
G
Buellia geophila
Buellia georgei – Australia
Buellia gerontoides
Buellia griseovirens
Buellia gypsyensis – Falkland Islands
H
Buellia halonioides – Australia
Buellia haywardii – New Zealand
Buellia herveyensis – Australia
Buellia himalayensis
Buellia homophylia
Buellia hyperbolica
Buellia hypomelaena
Buellia hypopurpurea – New Zealand
Buellia hyporosea – Australia
Buellia hypostictella – New Zealand
I
Buellia iberica
Buellia innata
Buellia insularicola – Kermadec Islands
Buellia insularis
Buellia inturgescens
J
Buellia jugorum
K
Buellia kantvilasii – New Zealand
Buellia kaproorea – Australia
Buellia kerguelenica – Kerguelen Islands
Buellia kimberleyana – Australia
Buellia krempelhuberi
L
Buellia lactea
Buellia laurocanariensis
Buellia lepidastroidea
Buellia leptocline
Buellia leptoclinoides
Buellia leucomela – Jamaica; United States
Buellia lichexanthonica
Buellia lobata – Australia
M
Buellia mackeei – New Caledonia
Buellia macveanii – Australia
Buellia magaliesbergensis – South Africa
Buellia maficola – Australia
Buellia malcolmii – New Zealand
Buellia mamillana
Buellia marginulata
Buellia maungatuensis – New Zealand
Buellia mawsonii
Buellia mayrhoferae – Australia
Buellia mediterranea
Buellia mesospora – Australia
Buellia microsporella
Buellia minispora – Antarctica
Buellia mogensenii – Greenland
Buellia molonglo – Australia
Buellia morsina
Buellia multispora
N
Buellia namaquaensis – South Africa
Buellia nashii
Buellia navajoensis
Buellia nordinii – Venezuela
Buellia northallina – Australia
Buellia numerosa – Japan
O
Buellia ocellata
Buellia oidalea
P
Buellia pallidomarginata
Buellia pannarina – Australia
Buellia papanui – New Zealand
Buellia patearoana – New Zealand
Buellia penichra
Buellia peregrina – Africa
Buellia perexigua
Buellia pigmentosa – Australia
Buellia poimenae – Australia
Buellia poolensis – Australia
Buellia porphyrilica – New Zealand
Buellia prothallina
Buellia pruinosa
Buellia pseudosubnexa
Buellia pseudotetrapla
Buellia psoromica – Australia
Buellia pulverea
Buellia pygmaea
Q
Buellia quarryana – Australia
R
Buellia rarotongensis
Buellia regineae
Buellia retrovertens
Buellia rhizocarpella – Australia
Buellia rhizocarpica – Mexico
Buellia rhombispora
Buellia rimulosa
Buellia rodseppeltii – Antarctica
Buellia romoletia
Buellia rosellotincta
Buellia rubroreagens
Buellia rugosissima – Guatemala
Buellia russa
Buellia ryanii
S
Buellia sanguinolenta – Europe
Buellia saxorum
Buellia schaereri
Buellia seppeltii – Macquarie Island
Buellia servilosina – Australia
Buellia sharpiana – United States
Buellia sheardii
Buellia sipmanii
Buellia spuria
Buellia stellulata
Buellia stigmaea
Buellia subadjuncta – Australia
Buellia subalbula
Buellia subareolata – South America
Buellia subcallispora – Hawaii
Buellia subcoronata
Buellia subcrassata
Buellia subdisciformis
Buellia subeffigurata – South Africa
Buellia subericola
Buellia subimmersa
Buellia sublauri-cassiae
Buellia submaritima
Buellia subnumerosa – Japan
Buellia subrepleta
Buellia substellulans
Buellia succedens
Buellia sulphurica
Buellia suttonensis – New Zealand
T
Buellia taishanensis – China
Buellia tergua
Buellia testaceina – Australia
Buellia tinderryensis – Australia
Buellia tombadorensis
Buellia tomnashiana – Canary Islands
Buellia tuapekensis – New Zealand
U
Buellia uberior
Buellia ulleungdoensis
Buellia ulliae
Buellia uruguayensis
V
Buellia vandenboomii
Buellia ventricosa
Buellia vernicoma
Buellia violaceofusca – Sweden
Buellia viridula
W
Buellia weberi – Australia
Buellia wilsoniana
X
Buellia xantholeuca
Buellia xanthonica
Y
Buellia yilliminningensis – Australia
Buellia yoshimurae – Japan
References
Buellia
was a Japanese-born Brazilian choral conductor and academic teacher based in the city of São Paulo. She was conductor of OSESP, the choir of the Orquestra Sinfônica do Estado de São Paulo, from 1995 to 2013, and then principal conductor of Coral Paulistano Mário de Andrade at the Municipal Theatre. She was among the choral conductors in South America who "have contributed to the strengthening and stimulation of choral music", according to The Cambridge Companion to Choral Music.
Life
Munakata was born in Hiroshima, and the family moved to São Paulo, Brazil, when she was age two. She received piano lessons from age four and began singing in a choir that her father conducted at age seven. She also learned to play violin and harp. She studied at the Instituto Musical de São Paulo, graduating in composition and conducting in 1978. She studied conducting, musical analysis and counterpoint with Hans-Joachim Koellreutter. She also studied with Eleazar de Carvalho, Hugh Ross, Sérgio Magnani and John Neschling. She further studied with Eric Ericson in Sweden on a scholarship from Vitae Foundation, and was awarded a scholarship for studies of conducting at the University of Tokyo from the Japanese government in 1986. She received the award for best choral conductor from the São Paulo Association of Art Critics.
Munakata was teacher and director of the Escola Municipal de Música de São Paulo, and conductor and artistic director of the Coral Jovem do Estado, the state youth choir. She ran a regular radio program, "Vozes" (Voices) on Rádio Cultura FM in São Paulo, informing about choral music.
She was conductor of OSESP, the choir of the Orquestra Sinfônica do Estado de São Paulo, from 1995 to 2013, when she became the choir's Honorary Conductor. From 2014, she was a artistic director of the , the chorus of the Theatro Municipal. She taught at the faculties Faculdade Santa Marcelina and Faculdade de Artes Alcântara Machado (FAAM).
In the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil, Munakata was hospitalized on 16 March 2020 at the Hospital Alemão Oswaldo Cruz with symptoms of the infection, and died on 26 March at the age 64.
Awards
She received the award for best choral conductor from the São Paulo Association of Art Critics.
References
External links
"Oh schöne Nacht" (Brahms) – gefeiertes Konzert des OSESP-Chors in São Paulo, dirigiert von Naomi Munakata. (in German) hart-brasilientexte.de
1955 births
2020 deaths
Musicians from Hiroshima
Brazilian musicians of Japanese descent
Brazilian conductors (music)
Naturalized citizens of Brazil
Women conductors (music)
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in São Paulo (state)
Japanese emigrants to Brazil
20th-century conductors (music)
20th-century Brazilian musicians
20th-century women musicians
21st-century conductors (music)
21st-century Brazilian musicians
21st-century women musicians
Musicians from São Paulo
The Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region (often abbreviated as SNNPR) is a regional state in southwestern Ethiopia. It was formed from the merger of five kililoch, called Regions 7 to 11, following the regional council elections on 21 June 1992. Its government is based in Hawassa.
The SNNPR borders Kenya to the south (including a small part of Lake Turkana), the Ilemi Triangle (a region claimed by Kenya and South Sudan) to the southwest, the South West Ethiopia Region to the west, the Oromia Region to the north and east, and the Sidama Region to the east. The region's major cities and towns include Arba Minch, Sodo, Jinka, Dila, Boditi, Areka, Butajira, Welkite, Bonga, Hosaena and Worabe.
The regional government of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region is based in the city of Hawassa. Following the formation of the Sidama Region in June 2020, Hawassa is located outside of the boundaries of the region. The regional government is planning to move to a city within the region's boundaries after two consecutive national electoral cycles. The largest city in the region is Arba Minch.
Demographics
Based on the 2007 Census conducted by the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia (CSA), the SNNPR has an estimated total population of 14,929,548, of whom 7,425,918 were men and 7,503,630 women. 13,433,991 or 89.98% of the population are estimated to be rural inhabitants, while 1,495,557 or 10.02% are urban; this makes the SNNPR Ethiopia's most rural region. With an estimated area of 105,887.18 square kilometers, this region has an estimated density of 141 people per square kilometer. For the entire region 3,110,995 households were counted, which results in an average for the region of 4.8 persons to a household, with urban households having on average 3.9 and rural households 4.9 people. The projected population for 2017 was 19,170,007.
In the previous census, conducted in 1994, the region's population was reported to be 10,377,028 of whom 5,161,787 were men and 5,215,241 were women. At the time of the census, the rural population of the Region accounted for 93.2% of the total population. Semien Omo, Wolayita, and Gurage were the three zones with the highest population. The population is concentrated mostly in eastern, northern and central part of the SNNPR while the western and southern part of the region is sparsely populated.
The SNNPR Water Resources Bureau announced that as of the fiscal year ending in 2006, they had increased the area of the region that had access to drinkable water to 54% from 10 to 15% 15 years ago. In August 2008, the head of public relations for the Bureau, Abdulkerim Nesru, announced that 94 million birrs had been spent to further increase the availability of drinkable water in the region from 58% in the previous year to 63.6%. Priority was given to certain zones, such as Sidama, Welayta and Gurage, as well as the Alaba special woreda and several resettlement areas.
Values for other reported common indicators of the standard of living for the SNNPR include the following: 10.7% of the inhabitants fall into the lowest wealth quintile; adult literacy for men is 57% and for women 22.4%; and the Regional infant mortality rate is 85 infant deaths per 1,000 live births, which is greater than the nationwide average of 77; at least half of these deaths occurred in the infants' first month of life.
Religion
Ethnicities
The SNNPR, being an amalgam of the main homelands of numerous ethnicities, contains over 45 indigenous ethnic groups.
All ethnicities
The ethnicities native to the SNNPR, with percentages of the population as reported in the 2007 national census and organized by linguistic grouping, include:
Languages
The 2007 census reported that the predominantly spoken mother tongue languages include Sidama (19.59%), Welayta (10.48%), Hadiya (8%), Gurage languages (7.13%), Gamo (6.9%), Kafa (5.36%) and Amharic (4.10%). Other languages spoken in the State include Kambaata, Mello, Goffa, Gedeo and Dima; because of the relatively few number of speakers of most of the languages in the region, the working language of the state is Amharic (the most widely spoken language in Ethiopia and formerly the only official language).
The 1994 census reported that the predominantly spoken languages include Sidamigna (18%), Guragigna (14.72%), Welayta (11.53%), Hadiyigna (8.53%), Keffigna (5.22%), and Kembatigna (4.35%). Other languages spoken in the State include Gamoigna, Mello, Goffa, and Gedeo.
Amharic is still the working language although most pupils get eight years of primary education in their home language and all secondary and further education is in English.
Agriculture
The CSA reported that for 2004–2005 100,338 tons of coffee were produced in the SNNPR, based on inspection records from the Ethiopian Coffee and Tea authority. This represents 44.2% of the total production in Ethiopia.
Farmers in the Region had an estimated total 7,938,490 head of cattle (representing 20.5% of Ethiopia's total cattle), 3,270,200 sheep (18.8%), 2,289,970 goats (17.6%), 298,720 horses (19.7%), 63,460 mules (43.1%), 278,440 asses (11.1%), 6,586,140 poultry of all species (21.3%), and 726,960 beehives (16.7%).
Enset is a major indigenous local crop in the SNNPR.
List of Chief Administrators
Abate Kisho (SEPDM), 1992–2001
Hailemariam Desalegn, 12 November 2001 – March 2006
Shiferaw Shigute (SEPDM), March 2006 – July 2013
Dessie Dalke, July 2013 – 2018
A Million Mathiwos, 2018 – 2019
Erstu Yirdaw, August 31, 2019 – present
Administrative zones
The following table shows administrative zones and special woredas (an administrative subdivision which is similar to an autonomous area is based on information from 2022; the list of second administrative level bodies maintained by the United Nations Geographic Information Working Group dates from 2002.
Former zones
Keficho Shekicho Zone
North Omo Zone
See also
List of districts in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region
References
External links
Map of Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region at UN-OCHA (PDF file)
Map of Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region at DPPA of Ethiopia (PDF file)
Ethiopia's Vanishing Tribes slideshow by Life magazine
1994 establishments in Ethiopia
Ethiopian Highlands
Regions of Ethiopia
States and territories established in 1992
Elkins Construction LLC is a privately held construction corporation headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida. It was created in 2015 by Wayne McCall and Barry Allred when Elkins Constructors, founded in 1955 by Martin Elkins, closed down. Wayne McCall, also president of Perry-McCall Construction stated that the two companies would compete and work together on larger projects. Elkins moved from their downtown offices near the Jacksonville Courthouse to the building where Perry-McCall was located on the Southside.
The original company was purchased in 1984 by a group of investors that included then current CEO Allred. The company was one of Florida's largest privately held construction companies and the builder of choice for Lowe's. They perform general contracting, Design/build, and Construction management services for commercial, industrial, multi-family residential, institutional, and retail projects. Elkins Constructors, Inc. constructed 49 Lowes Home Centers, 24 Wal-Mart Supercenters, 4 Kohls Department Stores, 2 Winn Dixie Supermarkets and 2 Stein Mart Department Stores, all in the southeast US.
In addition to the aforementioned, their industry segments included condominiums, healthcare, education, church and senior living facilities. The Engineering News-Record magazine ranked Elkins Constructors Inc. as No. 28 in its Top 50 Green Contractors for 2007 (US) list.
References
External links
Official website
Companies based in Jacksonville, Florida
Privately held companies based in Florida
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United States
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1955
Architecture firms based in Jacksonville
1955 establishments in Florida
The list of shipwrecks in 1811 includes ships sunk, wrecked or otherwise lost during 1811.
January
1 January
2 January
3 January
4 January
5 January
6 January
9 January
10 January
11 January
12 January
13 January
15 January
16 January
17 January
18 January
19 January
20 January
21 January
23 January
24 January
25 January
26 January
28 January
29 January
30 January
31 January
Unknown date
February
1 February
2 February
3 February
4 February
5 February
6 February
7 February
8 February
9 February
11 February
13 February
14 February
15 February
16 February
17 February
18 February
20 February
21 February
22 February
23 February
24 February
25 February
26 February
27 February
28 February
Unknown date
March
1 March
2 March
3 March
4 March
5 March
6 March
7 March
8 March
9 March
10 March
11 March
12 March
13 March
23 March
24 March
27 March
28 March
29 March
31 March
Unknown date
April
6 April
9 April
12 April
13 April
14 April
15 April
16 April
17 April
18 April
19 April
20 April
24 April
25 April
26 April
29 April
30 April
Unknown date
May
1 May
2 May
5 May
7 May
9 May
14 May
16 May
17 May
19 May
20 May
21 May
23 May
24 May
26 May
27 May
29 May
Unknown date
June
2 June
4 June
5 June
10 June
14 June
16 June
29 June
30 June
Unknown date
July
5 July
6 July
7 July
10 July
11 July
12 July
14 July
17 July
19 July
21 July
22 July
28 July
29 July
Unknown date
August
3 August
4 August
6 August
7 August
9 August
10 August
11 August
16 August
18 August
21 August
23 August
26 August
27 August
Unknown date
September
1 September
2 September
5 September
8 September
15 September
18 September
19 September
20 September
21 September
23 September
24 September
25 September
26 September
27 September
28 September
30 September
Unknown date
October
1 October
2 October
4 October
5 October
6 October
7 October
8 October
9 October
10 October
11 October
12 October
13 October
14 October
15 October
17 October
20 October
21 October
22 October
23 October
24 October
25 October
26 October
27 October
28 October
29 October
30 October
31 October
Unknown date
November
1 November
2 November
3 November
4 November
5 November
6 November
7 November
8 November
11 November
14 November
15 November
16 November
17 November
18 November
19 November
21 November
22 November
24 November
27 November
28 November
30 November
Unknown date
December
1 December
2 December
3 December
4 December
5 December
6 December
7 December
8 December
9 December
10 December
11 December
13 December
14 December
15 December
16 December
17 December
18 December
19 December
21 December
22 December
23 December
24 December
25 December
27 December
28 December
29 December
Unknown date
Unknown date
References
1811
Henri Eli Kruyt (27 June 1907 – 22 November 1988) was a Dutch rower. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in round two.
References
1907 births
1988 deaths
Dutch male rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
People from Banda Aceh
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Dutch people
The Mongarlowe River is a perennial river of the Shoalhaven catchment located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia. It was also known as Little River, during the 19th century.
Location and features
The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range within the Monga National Park about east southeast of the village of Araluen. The river flows generally north, joined by six minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Shoalhaven River approximately northwest of the locality of Charleyong. The river descends over its course.
The river is crossed by the Kings Highway northwest of Clyde Mountain. There are other road crossings at Monga, Mongarlowe and Marlowe.
The river has a translocated population of the endangered Macquarie Perch (Macquaria australasica). It is thought that this population descends from fish from the Murray-Darling Basin and not the eastern sub-species native to other parts of the Shoalhaven catchment. In recent years, this population seems to be in decline and may be doomed to local extinction.
See also
List of rivers of New South Wales
List of rivers in New South Wales (L-Z)
Monga National Park
Rivers of New South Wales
References
Rivers of New South Wales
Southern Tablelands
Shoalhaven River
Muljadi (formerly known as Ang Tjin Siang 翁振祥) was a world class badminton player who represented Indonesia between 1963 and 1973.
Career
Muljadi's career spanned two separate eras of Indonesian domination of the then triennial Thomas Cup (men's international team) competition: 1958 to 1964 and 1970 to 1979. Though he occasionally dropped matches in earlier Thomas Cup rounds, he was undefeated in singles (6-0) in four consecutive final round showdowns (1964, 1967, 1970, 1973), a record unmatched by better known teammates such as Ferry Sonneville, Tan Joe Hok, and Rudy Hartono. He won several Indonesian national singles titles during the 1960s as well as the French Open (1966), the Asian Championships (1969), and individual honors in the Asian Games (1966). He was runnerup to Hartono at the prestigious All-England Championships in 1971 but defeated Hartono to win the U.S. Open title that year. Muljadi died on 14 March 2010.
Achievements
Asian Games
Men's singles
Men's doubles
Asian Championships
Men's singles
International Tournaments
Men's singles
Men's doubles
References
Indonesian male badminton players
2010 deaths
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Badminton players at the 1966 Asian Games
Badminton players at the 1970 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Indonesia
Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Indonesian people of Chinese descent
1942 births
People from Jember Regency
Sportspeople from East Java
Abispa laticincta is a species of wasp in the Vespidae family.
References
Potter wasps
Insects described in 1960
The Nintendo tumbler puzzle, also known as the Ten A Billion Barrel in English and originally in Japanese, is a mathematical puzzle in the style of Rubik's Cube. It was invented by Gunpei Yokoi of Nintendo in 1980 and was covered by until the patent expired in March 1995 due to non-payment of a maintenance fee.
Overview
The puzzle consists of a cylinder of transparent plastic divided into six levels, together with a black plastic frame. The frame consists of upper and lower discs that are joined together through the middle of the cylinder.
The top and bottom levels of the cylinder form a single piece, but between them are two rotatable pieces each two levels high. Each of the four central levels is divided into five chambers each containing a colored ball. The top and bottom levels have only three chambers, containing either three balls or three parts of the frame depending on the relative position of frame and cylinder.
The balls in three of the five resulting columns of chambers can be moved up or down one level by raising or lowering the frame relative to the transparent cylinder.
The object is to sort the balls, so that each of the five columns contains balls of a single color.
Cameos
As a tribute to the late creator of the puzzle and former Metroid series producer, Gunpei Yokoi, the puzzle has a small cameo appearance in Metroid Prime for the GameCube. Samus Aran uses morph ball form and charges to interact with it.
The puzzle appears in Animal Crossing: New Leaf, as one of the prizes the player can receive from Redd during the fireworks displays throughout August.
It is an Easter egg in The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D.
In WarioWare Gold, it appears as one of the microgames, requiring the matching of 4 of its marbles.
References
External links
http://www.jaapsch.net/puzzles/nintendo.htm (photos and solution)
http://blog.beforemario.com/2011/09/nintendo-ten-billion-1980.html (photos)
https://github.com/SteveJM/tumbler-puzzle (Python code to find a solution)
Mechanical puzzles
Nintendo toys
Evergreen International, Inc. was a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization located in Salt Lake City, Utah, whose stated mission was to assist "people who want to diminish same-sex attractions and overcome homosexual behavior". It adhered to Christian and particularly LDS teaching and supported the doctrines of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The organization stated this task could be accomplished with the help of the Lord and, in some cases, psychological counseling. Evergreen was founded in 1989 as a grassroots organization by men who were seeking to deal with their homosexual feelings in ways congruent to the teachings of the LDS Church.
Teachings
Evergreen stated that by using the atonement individuals could change, overcome, and transition away from the condition of homosexuality and homosexual sins, and they could diminish their attractions to those of the same sex. The organization also agreed with all teachings and policies of the LDS Church "without reservation or exception", but stated that it was not "affiliated with the Church". Evergreen also taught that "to be successful in diminishing erotic same-sex attractions and overcoming homosexual behavior, you must be willing to make a total commitment to the change process. It is our testimony that when you do all that you can and are willing to employ all the resources that are available to you, God's grace will make up the difference."
They published a map that outlined the major areas that people may have to address to diminish their same-sex attraction and successfully overcome homosexual behavior. It included the following elements:
Read books on same-sex attraction, masculinity/femininity, addictions, and related subjects from LDS authors, Christian authors, and professionals.
Personal prayer.
Develop personal relationship with God and Jesus Christ.
Develop one-on-one, nurturing relationships with family, close friends, and acquaintances.
Provide service to others, both inside and outside Evergreen.
Experience activities as a bridge to the real world (for example, ski trips with men/women who don't experience SSA)."
General Authority Addresses
General LDS church leaders spoke at nearly every Evergreen annual conference from 1996 to 2011.
2000 – Elder Alexander B. Morrison of the First Quorum of the Seventy addressed members of Evergreen at their 10th annual conference which was held in the church's Joseph Smith Memorial Building and stated, "Avoid as the plague social interaction with persons who justify, encourage or engage in homosexual behavior. Stay away from places where those challenged by same-gender attraction congregate."
2005 – At the 15th annual conference Elder James O. Mason of the Second Quorum of the Seventy directed, "Can individuals struggling with some same-gender attraction be cured? “With God nothing should be impossible” (Luke 1:37) ... The right course of action remains the same: eliminate or diminish same sex attraction." "Feelings of attraction toward someone of the same gender should be eliminated if possible or controlled."
2007 – Church seventy Douglas Callister spoke at an Evergreen conference and urged listeners to battle their challenge of "same-gender inclinations" and thoughts through prayer, fasting, and taking the sacrament.
2009 – Elder Bruce C. Hafen of the First Quorum of the Seventy gave an address at the 19th annual conference promising, "If you are faithful, on resurrection morning—and maybe even before then—you will rise with normal attractions for the opposite sex. Some of you may wonder if that doctrine is too good to be true. But Elder Dallin H. Oaks has said it MUST be true, because 'there is no fullness of joy in the next life without a family unit, including a husband and wife, and posterity.' And 'men (and women) are that they might have joy.'"
2010 – Keith B. McMullin of the Presiding Bishopric addressed the 20th annual conference and counseled that "If someone seeking your help says to you, 'I am homosexual' or 'I am lesbian' or 'I am gay,' correct this miscasting. Heavenly Father does not speak of His children this way, and neither should we. It is simply not true. To speak this way sows seeds of doubt and deceit about who we really are. It belittles, depreciates and disparages the individual." He further teaches that the "such limitations" as same-gender attraction won't exist after death, though "in and of itself it is neither evil nor sinful".
Therapy
"Evergreen does not advocate any particular form of therapy" but did provide suggestions on how to choose a therapist and information on individual and group therapy. Evergreen stated that some people had lessened their same-sex attractions by using the following therapies: gender wholeness, reparative, reorientation, and re-education. The website referenced the works of Joseph Nicolosi who says reparative therapy can help people "explore the source of their problem, develop nonerotic same-sex relationships that diminish the sexual attraction they feel toward men, become more secure in their gender-identity, and enjoy heterosexual relationships." The therapy is based on the view that homosexual attractions develop because of incomplete gender-identity development and defensive detachment from other males.
While some of these therapies offered to reduce same-sex attractions, Evergreen made clear that "therapy will likely not be a cure in the sense of erasing all homosexual feelings," but would "strengthen masculine identification" for men. The LDS Church has stated that it does not have a position on "scientific questions" such as the cause of homosexuality. Evergreen followed this stance.
Association with NARTH
The National Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH), also known as the NARTH Institute, is an organization that (since 2014) functions under the Alliance for Therapeutic Choice and Scientific Integrity (ATCSI). It offers conversion therapy and other regimens that purport to change the sexual orientation of people with same-sex attraction. NARTH was founded in 1992 and has been described as "a multi-disciplinary professional and scientific organization dedicated to the service of persons who experience unwanted homosexual (same-sex) attractions (SSA)".
The Evergreen website referenced the therapeutic methods of NARTH founder Joseph Nicolosi as "beneficial". Nicolosi worked with A. Dean Byrd (an Evergreen Board member, Director of Clinical Training for LDS Social Services, and Brigham Young University professor) to author several papers on reparative therapy. Byrd also served as president of NARTH and also published an article in the LDS church's September 1999 Ensign. Additionally, David C. Pruden served as director of Evergreen and as an officer for NARTH. Likewise, Director of Family Services Jerry Harris served in NARTH leadership.
Effectiveness
Participants in Evergreen programs claimed success in diminishing same-sex attractions and overcoming homosexual behavior. As many as 40% of Evergreen members were in heterosexual marriages. Warren Throckmorton reviewed Understanding the meaning of change for married Latter-Day Saint men with histories of homosexual activity by J. W. Robinson. Robinson interviewed seven heterosexually married men who had been through Evergreen and previously identified as gay. They believed that they had a spiritual transformation which changed their orientation. They also stated that they were no longer troubled by feeling different or rejected by heterosexual men, emotional attraction to men, sexual attraction to men, feeling bad about same-sex desires, social isolation, or compulsive sexual thoughts and behaviors. Robinson found that their change came from a new understanding that prior same-sex attractions did not require them to be gay.
Relations with the LDS Church
Although it functioned independently of any church, Evergreen was religiously based on the teachings of the LDS Church. The organization adhered to its teachings "without reservation or exception." Evergreen had LDS general authorities on its board of trustees and taught LDS Church principles to Latter-day Saints and ecclesiastical leaders by coordinating with the Church as well as by hosting various events, such as firesides (informal evening gatherings of church members), workshops, and conferences. General LDS church leaders spoke at nearly every Evergreen annual conference from 1996 to 2011.
Closure and transition to North Star
In January 2014, Evergreen International announced it would merge with North Star.
See also
Affirmation: Gay & Lesbian Mormons
Criticism of Mormonism
Ex-gay
Homosexuality and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Sexual orientation change efforts
References
External links
Latter-day Saint (LDS) Resources About Same-sex Attraction, by Century Publishing at CenturyPubl.com, which includes an archive of LDS general authority addresses given at Evergreen conferences.
1989 establishments in Utah
2014 disestablishments in Utah
Charities based in Utah
Conversion therapy organizations
Defunct Latter Day Saint organizations
LGBT and Mormonism
Latter Day Saint movement in Utah
Christian organizations established in 1989
Religious organizations disestablished in 2014
The is a subcompact car produced by Japanese automaker Daihatsu since 2004, and also sold under Toyota brand as the . The Passo was once sold at Toyota Corolla Store Japanese dealerships until it was consolidated with other Toyota dealers in 2020.
Outside Japan, the first and second-generation Boon is sold as the second and third-generation Sirion. The first-generation Sirion was sold as the Storia in Japan.
According to Daihatsu, the name "Boon" is derived from the English word boon, and also inspired by the sound that Japanese children make when imitating the sound of a car, while the name "Passo" is Italian for "step". According to Toyota, the name conjures up the image of a casual and approachable car.
First generation (M300/AC10; 2004)
The development for the first-generation Boon was led by Toyota chief engineer Tetsuya Tada. For the Japanese domestic market, the Boon were available with 996 cc and 1.3-litre engines. The major difference between the Japanese Boon and Sirion are automatic version where the gear-changing located beside the steering on the dashboard and the handbrake below the steering. Both the Japanese Boon and European Sirion were offered in both front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive versions. A 936 cc turbocharged version with four-wheel drive was also available, known as the Boon X4.
The Boon was designed for European tastes and the model took on a larger and stockier frame. It weighs about . With the back seats down, its luggage capacity increases from to .
On 25 May 2005, Malaysian automaker Perodua launched a variant of the Boon known as the Perodua Myvi. Sporting a few cosmetic differences, the Myvi became Perodua's best-selling car in Malaysia for 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009.
On 25 December 2006, the Boon was restyled. This version was exported to Europe as the Sirion in 2007.
In 2007, Daihatsu launched the Sirion in Indonesia using the facility and parts from the Myvi.
The Subaru Justy was unveiled at the 2007 Frankfurt Motor Show using the Boon model. It is positioned as an entry-level model in Subaru's lineup.
In April 2013, Toyota New Zealand announced its decision to stop selling the second-generation Sirion, still on sale, stating it was unable to secure Daihatsu products that comply with future regulatory standards for New Zealand.
The second-generation Sirion was discontinued in South Africa in April 2015, when Daihatsu left the South African market.
Boon/Sirion
Passo
Justy
Boon Luminas (M500; 2008)
On 25 December 2008, Daihatsu and Toyota launched the seven-seat MPV under the Boon and Passo nameplates called the and in Japan. "Sette" means "seven" in Italian, referring to the car's 7-seater capability. The Boon Luminas and Passo Sette were discontinued in early 2012 due to poor sales. The Malaysian variant was launched in the country as the Perodua Alza on 23 November 2009, and fared much better there.
Boon Luminas
Passo Sette
Second generation (M600/AC30; 2010)
The second-generation Boon was unveiled in Japan on 15 February 2010 alongside the second-generation Passo.
The second-generation Myvi, based on the Boon, was released in Malaysia on 17 June 2011.
The third-generation Sirion for the Indonesian market was unveiled at the 19th Indonesia International Motor Show on 23 July 2011.
Boon
Passo
Third generation (M700; 2016)
The third-generation Boon and Passo were unveiled in Japan on 12 April 2016. Both received the first update on 10 October 2018, along with the introduction of "Style" variant for the Boon. The Passo has an improved collision avoidance support system (Smart Assist III) which can grasp various information such as pedestrians, vehicles, preceding and oncoming vehicles, and obstacles and then activate various driver assistance systems such as alerting the driver or switching between low and high beams.
The third-generation Boon is the only model that does not share any mechanical/visual components with the third-generation Myvi/fourth-generation Sirion.
Boon
Passo
References
External links
(Boon)
(Passo)
Boon
Cars introduced in 2004
2010s cars
2020s cars
Subcompact cars
Hatchbacks
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Vehicles with CVT transmission
Terry Fullerton (born 4 January 1953) is a British retired racing driver from London, England, who won the Karting World Championship in 1973 and is best known as the teammate and rival of Ayrton Senna during his karting days.
Biography
Terry Fullerton from West London had ambitions to race in Formula 1, but the intensity of his family's grief when his brother, Alec, died in a motorcycle racing accident at Mallory Park in 1964, led him to restrict his career to karts. At 16 years old, Fullerton qualified, but failed to be selected for the British team to compete in the Karting World Championship in 1969. As he was also eligible to race under an Irish licence, he reached the World Championships in 1969 and 1970 but had limited success. In 1971, he began to compete on his British licence and finished 4th in the World Championships that year. He went on to become the first Briton to win the title in 1973.
Fullerton raced for the Italian DAP factory team from 1978 until 1980, where his teammate was Ayrton Senna. After winning the first final at the 1980 World Championship his engine broke down whilst leading the second final and he therefore finished third overall, behind Senna who came second overall. That same year (1980) Fullerton passed Senna on the very last lap of the Final to win the prestigious Champions Cup race at Jesolo (near Venice) in Italy. They were regarded by team manager Angelo Parilla as the best two drivers in the world.
At a press conference at the 1993 Australian Grand Prix, when asked which driver he had the most satisfaction racing against, Senna cited Fullerton. The quote was included in the Senna documentary in 2010.
Fullerton won the British Junior Karting Championship in 1966, 1967 and 1968, with a total of 8 British Championship wins in a career spanning twenty years and devoted solely to karting. He also won the European Championship four times during his career.
Having retired as a racing driver in 1984, Fullerton ran his own race team and then coached up-and-coming racing drivers including: Indycar driver Justin Wilson, Force India driver Paul di Resta, double Indianapolis 500 winner Dan Wheldon, double 24 Hours of Le Mans winner Allan McNish and former F1 driver Anthony Davidson. He regarded McNish and Davidson as his best students.
Fullerton is still active as a manager and driver coach in karting (notably coaching three recent British junior champions - 2010 Jake Dennis, 2011 Callan O'Keeffe & 2013 Jehan Daruvala) and now lives in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire with his wife and Daughter.
References
External links
Official page
1953 births
Living people
British racing drivers
Karting World Championship drivers
People from Melton Mowbray
Joder may refer to:
a Swiss form of the name Theodore, see Yoder
Joder, Nebraska
Rudolf Joder
joder may refer to:
a Spanish equivalent for "to fuck", see Spanish profanity#Joder
James Loughrey (born 10 September 1986) is a Gaelic footballer who plays as a right corner-back at senior level for the Cork county team.
Born in Belfast, Loughrey was educated at Our Lady and St Patrick's College, Knock where he played basketball. He later joined the St Brigid's club, where he first played competitive Gaelic football. Loughrey won junior and intermediate championship medals with the club, before transferring to the Mallow club in 2013. He has also lined out with divisional side Avondhu.
During his studies at Queen's University Belfast, Loughrey was a regular on the university's Gaelic football team. He won a Sigerson Cup medal as a member of the panel in 2007.
Loughrey made his debut on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Antrim under-21 team. After little success in this grade, he went on to make his senior debut during the 2007 championship. He was a regular member of the starting fifteen for six seasons and was an Ulster runner-up in 2009. Loughrey transferred to Cork in 2013.
Honours
Queen's University Belfast
Sigerson Cup (1): 2007
St Brigid's
Antrim Junior Football Championship (1): 2004
Antrim Intermediate Football Championship (1): 2006
Mallow
Cork Premier Intermediate Football Championship (1): 2017
Cork
McGrath Cup (2): 2014, 2016
Ulster
Railway Cup (1): 2012
References
1986 births
Living people
Mallow Gaelic footballers
Avondhu Gaelic footballers
Antrim inter-county Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
People educated at Our Lady and St. Patrick's College, Knock
Alumni of Queen's University Belfast
Queen's University Belfast Gaelic footballers
Protrelloididae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Napolitana Kloss, 1959
Protrellatus Farooqui, 1970
Protrelleta Chitwood, 1932
Protrelloides Chitwood, 1932
References
Nematodes
Sabanca, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Alfred Hitchcock – Vertigo is an adventure video game developed by the Spanish company Pendulo Studios and published by Microids. It is loosely based on the films of Alfred Hitchcock, particularly Vertigo. The story follows a man named Ed Miller, who enters therapy to cope with the mysterious after-effects of a car crash.
Pendulo and Microids announced Vertigo in early 2018, during the development of their game Blacksad: Under the Skin. It was first shown at the Guerrilla Collective Showcase in June 2021. The game was released for Windows via Steam, Epic Games Store, and GOG in December 2021, and was for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S in September and October 2022.
Gameplay
Alfred Hitchcock – Vertigo is an adventure game that takes place in a three-dimensional game world. The player controls three characters, with a focus on solving mysteries tied to flashbacks.
Plot
Vertigo tells the story of Ed Miller, a writer whose life is changed by a car wreck. Although he is left mysteriously uninjured, he claims that his wife and daughter, both missing, were in the car with him. Traumatized and experiencing intense vertigo, he enters therapy in an effort to learn what happened.
Development
Publisher Microids and developer Pendulo Studios first announced Vertigo in March 2018, during the production of Blacksad: Under the Skin. Rock, Paper, Shotgun reported that Microids had licensed director Alfred Hitchcock's "name and likeness", and Microids revealed that the game would be "loosely" inspired by his film Vertigo, primarily in aesthetic and theme. Pendulo disclosed in November 2020 that development of Vertigo was already "quite advanced".
The game was first shown at the Guerrilla Collective Showcase at E3 in June 2021, under the name Alfred Hitchcock – Vertigo. At the time, narrative designer Josué Monchan called the game "freely inspired" by Hitchcock's Vertigo, but noted that the film was "not our only frame of reference". He also cited the director's Spellbound, Rebecca and Psycho as influences, among others. /Film reported that the team "studied Hitchcock's camerawork (including the famous Vertigo shot,' or dolly zoom) and tried to lean on the aesthetic of film mysteries and thrillers".
Initially, Vertigo was set to launch across Windows and game consoles in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Windows version was released on December 16, 2021. The console versions were subsequently delayed to 2022, and are slated to launch for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S on September 27, 2022 in Europe and October 4, 2022 in North America.
Reception
Pre-release coverage
Reacting to Vertigos announcement at the Guerrilla Collective Showcase, Jeuxvideo.com named it one of the "10 indie games that caught our attention" during E3 2021. In The Guardian, columnist Stuart Heritage wrote that Vertigo "excited" him because it is a non-literal adaptation of Hitchcock's work, pointing the way to film-adapted games drawn from "a director's aesthetic rather than simply aping the nuts-and-bolts narrative".
Reviews
Alfred Hitchcock - Vertigo received "mixed or average reviews" according to review aggregator, Metacritic. In Rock, Paper, Shotgun, Kim Armstrong wrote that Vertigo is not "a bad game", but argued that it "doesn't quite stick the landing". Ouest-France was more negative, calling the game "a heartbreak" and faulting it for pacing issues, pixel hunting and poor use of quick time events.
See also
Hitchcock: The Final Cut
References
2021 video games
Alfred Hitchcock
Microïds games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 5 games
Pendulo Studios games
Adventure games
Video games based on films
Video games developed in Spain
Video games with cel-shaded animation
Windows games
Works about Alfred Hitchcock
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
Single-player video games
"Valiant" is the 146th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 22nd episode of the sixth season. It was first broadcast on television on May 4, 1998.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet-run space station Deep Space Nine. The later seasons of the show follow a war between the United Federation of Planets and a powerful empire known as the Dominion. In this episode, the young Starfleet officer Nog and his friend Jake Sisko find themselves on board a starship crewed by a squad of elite Starfleet cadets.
Plot
While en route to the planet Ferenginar in a runabout, Jake Sisko and Nog are attacked by a Dominion vessel, but are rescued by the Federation starship Valiant. Jake and Nog find that the crew are all members of Red Squad, an elite squadron of Starfleet cadets. Red Squad was on Valiant for a training mission when the ship was attacked by Dominion forces, resulting in the loss of the entire commissioned staff. Before dying, the late captain transferred command to now–acting Captain Tim Watters.
Watters says the late captain was ordered to seek intelligence on a new Dominion battle cruiser, and the Valiant has continued to pursue that mission under Watters's command, but its damaged warp drive has prevented it from getting close enough to observe the Dominion ship. Nog has the expertise to repair the engine, and Watters appoints him Chief Engineer; but Jake is seen as an outsider. When Jake talks to Collins, one of the cadets, about her personal life, she breaks down emotionally, and Watters orders Jake not to talk to her further.
With Nog's help, the Valiant is able to scan the battleship. Watters informs the crew that their mission has been carried out, and they could go home now, but he wants them to attempt to destroy the Dominion vessel, using a weak point in its design they believe the scan has revealed. Jake tries to tell them that his father Benjamin Sisko, one of the finest battle commanders in Starfleet, would never engage in such a foolhardy attack, but the cadets are won over by Watters' enthusiasm and the lure of becoming heroes.
When Jake attempts to warn Nog and Collins that the mission is too dangerous to succeed, Watters has Jake thrown in the brig. The Valiant attacks the vessel and successfully hits the targeted area, but the ship remains undamaged. The Valiant is assaulted by the battle cruiser, which critically damages the ship and kills much of the remaining crew. Nog, Collins and Jake leave the Valiant in an escape pod before it explodes; the sole survivors, they are rescued by Jake's father's ship, the Defiant. Nog states that the Valiant was a good ship with a good crew, whose only mistake was blindly following Watters' disastrous orders. To Collins' pleas that Watters was a great man, Nog replies, "he may even have been a great man, but in the end, he was a bad captain."
Reception
The episode received Nielsen ratings of 4.6 points corresponding to about 4.5 million viewers.
See also
Starfleet Academy
The First Duty (Star Trek: The Next Generation) (also focuses on Starfleet cadets)
Coming of Age (Star Trek: The Next Generation)
References
External links
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (season 6) episodes
1998 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Ronald D. Moore
Aleksandr Antonovich Khapsalis (; born 17 October 1957) is a former Soviet football player of Pontic Greek descent. His parents were deported from Odessa Oblast.
At the end of his football playing career, Khapsalis played Indoor soccer in the United States with the San Diego Sockers.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1977, 1980, 1981.
Soviet Cup winner: 1978, 1982, 1984.
International career
Khapsalis made his debut for USSR in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Finland and scored on his debut. USSR did not qualify for the final tournament.
In 1979 Khapsalis played couple of games for Ukraine at the Spartakiad of the Peoples of the USSR.
References
External links
Profile
Alex Khapsalis MISL stats
1957 births
Living people
Pontic Greeks
Soviet footballers
Association football forwards
Soviet people of Greek descent
Kazakhstani footballers
Kazakhstani people of Greek descent
Kazakhstani people of Ukrainian descent
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian people of Greek descent
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Kairat players
FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol players
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
San Diego Sockers (original MISL) players
Major Indoor Soccer League (1978–1992) players
People from Talgar
American soccer coaches
HTC One is a series of Android and Windows Phone smartphones designed and manufactured by HTC. All products in the One series were designed to be touchscreen-based and slate-sized, and to initially run the Android mobile operating system (Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich or subsequent Android releases) with the HTC Sense graphical user interface. The one exception to this is the HTC One (M8), which also had a Windows Phone variant. From 2010 to 2013, all HTC products starting from the HTC Sensation XE to the HTC One Mini were equipped with a Beats Audio equalizer. Later HTC devices beginning with the HTC One Max no longer ship with Beats Audio following the buyback of HTC's stake in Beats Electronics.
Phones
2012 lineup
While critically acclaimed, the 2012 One series had not received much consumer attention and sales were disappointing. For one, HTC has been outspent on marketing by Samsung and Apple, as HTC instead had relied heavily on carriers to promote its products. Also, while HTC made many carrier-specific devices, Samsung and Apple were able to concentrate their resources on single flagship handsets such as the Samsung Galaxy S III and iPhone 4S to attract the attention of the consumers. Lastly, while HTC handsets were seen as better quality than Samsung's plastic devices, Samsung was able to successfully distinguish itself from other Android manufacturers with manufacturer-specific software tweaks (as well as marketing to promote its brand) while HTC could not.
The "One" devices released in 2012 consist of the following, with devices in similar price segments usually sold by different carriers:
HTC One V, a low-end smartphone
HTC One S, a mid-range smartphone
The Japanese variant, HTC J, many of the same specifications as the One S, but has a larger battery and runs on WiMAX
HTC One X, a high-end smartphone
An LTE variant of the HTC One X with the same name is sold in North America, with a 1.5 GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 MSM8960 processor instead of the quad core Nvidia Tegra
HTC One X+ a refresh of the One X which has a faster clocked Tegra 3 processor, larger battery and more memory than the HTC One X
HTC Evo 4G LTE, a North American variant similar to the LTE One X, but with added features including a MicroSD slot and kickstand, exclusive to Sprint Nextel
2013 lineup
The 2013 One series was reduced to focus on only three versions of one main design. Three devices had been announced as of October 2013: the HTC One (M7) in February 2013, the One Mini in July 2013, and the One Max in October 2013. Following the previous year's setbacks, the HTC One was critically acclaimed for its design, and was commercially successful.
HTC One (M7), the HTC One X'''s successor. It won the "Best New Mobile Handset, Device or Tablet" at Mobile World Congress 2013
HTC One Mini, the smaller variant of the HTC One with a 4.3" screen
HTC One Max, the larger variant of the HTC One with a 5.9" screen and a fingerprint scanner
HTC Butterfly S, successor to the original Butterfly with a 3200 mAh battery
2014 lineup
HTC One (M8), the successor to the 2013 HTC One (M7). There are two versions of this device: one running Android 4.4.2 KitKat and another running Windows Phone 8.1.
HTC One Mini 2, the HTC One Mini's successor
HTC One (E8), a lower-cost variant of the One (M8) with similar specs but a polycarbonate body and a single 13-megapixel camera
HTC Butterfly 2, is a variant of the One (M8) with similar specs encased in a polycarbonate body. It is water resistant, and has a dual rear camera (13-megapixel main camera and 2-megapixel secondary camera)
2015 lineup
HTC One M9, the 2014 HTC One (M8)'s successor.
HTC One M9+, an upscaled version of the HTC One M9
HTC One M9+ Supreme Camera Edition, a phone similar to the HTC One M9+ but with a better camera
HTC One ME
HTC One E9
HTC One E9+
HTC One M8s, a mid-range smartphone that is similar to the HTC One M8
HTC One M9s, a variant of the HTC One M9 with a weaker processor, less internal storage, less RAM, and a weaker rear camera.
HTC One A9, launched on October 20. The One A9 is the first non-Nexus device launched with Android 6.0 Marshmallow.
2016 lineup
HTC One A9s, the successor to the One A9 from 2015, was unveiled on 1 September 2016.
HTC 10
Succession
The last flagship phone in the HTC One series was the HTC One M9, which was announced and released in 2015. Its successor, the HTC 10, is HTC's 2016 flagship phone; however, it did not use the "One" branding in the name. Its successor, the 2017 HTC U11, did not use the "One" branding either.
Comparison
This table is primarily intended to show the differences'' between the models of the One series:
See also
HTC U series
References
HTC ONE SERIES ROMS
One
Android (operating system) devices
Windows Phone devices
Mobile phones introduced in 2012
Nakanoho Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 1.6 km2. The dam impounds about 5 ha of land when full and can store 411 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1990 and completed in 2005.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
WFAE (90.7 MHz) is a non-commercial public radio station in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is the main NPR news and information affiliate in the Charlotte region. The station's main radio studio and offices are at One University Place in the University City neighborhood of northeast Charlotte. A satellite studio is at Spirit Square on North College Street in downtown Charlotte.
WFAE has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100,000 watts, the maximum for non-grandfathered FM stations. The transmitter is located in northeastern Mecklenburg County. WFAE broadcasts using HD Radio technology. Its HD-2 digital subchannel has a jazz format and its HD-3 subchannel carries the Public Radio Exchange (PRX) Remix.
Programming
On weekdays, WFAE has all news and information programming. It carries NPR's national shows such as Morning Edition, All Things Considered, Fresh Air with Terry Gross, 1A, Here and Now, The Takeaway and Marketplace, along with the BBC World Service heard overnight. WFAE produces an hour-long weekday call-in program, Charlotte Talks with Mike Collins, heard live at 9 a.m. and repeated at 7 p.m. Frequent news updates come from NPR and the WFAE news staff.
On weekends, WFAE features specialty programs. Weekly NPR shows include Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me, This American Life, Ask Me Another, The TED Radio Hour, On The Media and The New Yorker Radio Hour. Sunday evenings include the New Age music and Electronica show Echoes.
History
Student-run station
On April 18, 1977, WFAE first signed on the air. It was the student radio service of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, broadcasting classical music and jazz. It was originally on 90.9 MHz from a 10-watt transmitter atop the library building. It succeeded a student-run carrier current station known as "WVFN" (Voice of the Forty Niners), which operated from the basement of the Cone University Center. As of 1976, the station had reduced the amount of Top 40 music and increased jazz programming.
The outlet was limited by its small budget, $25,000 a year, all collected from UNCC student fees. Its signal was limited to only the campus and surrounding neighborhoods of northeastern Charlotte and Mecklenburg County.
NPR affiliation
Charlotte was one of the largest markets in the South without an NPR member station until South Carolina Educational Radio outlet WPRV (now WNSC-FM) launched from a transmitter at Rock Hill on January 3, 1978. It's initially broadcasting instructional programs during the day before beginning a full-time schedule in July.
In September 1978, WFAE secured Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approval to move to 90.7 MHz with a full 100,000 watts. However, construction of the upgraded facility was hindered by state procurement delays.
High power debut
The station went off the air on December 7, 1979, to allow construction of its full-power facility to begin. It returned at full power on June 29, 1981. On that day, it became North Carolina's third full NPR member station, alongside WFDD in the Piedmont Triad and WUNC in the Triangle.
In addition to NPR programs, the new station aired jazz during the day with classical music at night and on Sundays. Later, jazz was moved to night. The station grew rapidly, and within five years moved to larger studios in the One University Place building near the UNC Charlotte campus, where the station is still based today.
In February 1986, WFAE began airing new-age music on a Sunday evening show emphasizing contemporary jazz, featuring such artists as George Winston and Kitaro. The show was called "New Age Sunday" at first, but the station dropped that name to distance itself from the new age spiritual movement. In 1987, WFAE began broadcasting 24 hours a day and began airing more jazz, dropping classical music because WDAV played it. Also in 1987, it moved to its current dial location at 90.7 FM. With the move came an increase in its news and information programming. It also devoted more time to contemporary jazz.
Foundation control
WFAE's growth occurred amid financial uncertainty. UNC Charlotte was eventually forced to end support for the station due to a budget crunch. On April 15, 1993, UNC Charlotte handed over control to a nonprofit community board, the University Radio Foundation, which still owns the station today.
WFAE continued to grow through the next decade. It added a satellite station in Hickory, North Carolina, WFHE, at 90.3 MHz, in 1995. WFAE's signal is spotty at best in some parts of the North Carolina Foothills. WFHE largely simulcasts WFAE, with inserts specific to the Foothills area airing during hourly news breaks.
More News, Less Music
In 1996, WFAE largely dropped music in favor of a news/talk. It was one of the first NPR stations to air NPR's midday news/talk block (The Diane Rehm Show, Fresh Air and Talk of the Nation). However, it had been committed to news long before then.
In 1998, it launched Charlotte Talks, hosted by longtime WBT host Mike Collins. Charlotte Talks is a popular local show that focuses on local issues and figures and airs live at 9 a.m. Monday through Friday. It soon became "the de facto talk show of record in Charlotte".
In November 2000, WFAE dropped its last jazz program, Jazz Tonight with Barbara Nail, which ran from 8 to midnight weekdays, replacing it with a rerun of Fresh Air, The Todd Mundt Show, and two extra hours of The World Today.
Weekend programming
While its weekday lineup consists entirely of news/talk programs provided mostly by NPR, PRI, or the BBC, music provides the basis for some of its weekend programming. On Saturday evenings from 9 pm to midnight, WFAE broadcasts 3 hours of mainstream jazz, while on Sunday evenings from 7 p.m. to midnight, WFAE carries PRI's Echoes. WFAE also used to air a locally produced Sunday evening program of new-age music called Nightscapes, but replaced that with an expanded broadcast of Echoes.
For many years, WFAE was the originating station for The Thistle & Shamrock, a popular Celtic music show from NPR that originated on WFAE when it was licensed to UNC Charlotte and its host, Fiona Ritchie, was a visiting professor at the university. It began as a local program soon after WFAE signed on, and was picked up nationally in 1983. Even after WFAE dropped most music programming from its schedule, Thistle'' remained on the schedule until 2013.
HD Radio
In 2004, WFAE became the first station in Charlotte and the first public radio station in North Carolina to broadcast using HD Radio. HD Radio was also added to WFHE.
On July 28, 2008, WFAE began airing jazz from JazzWorks on one of its HD channels to reach those disappointed by WNSC-FM joining SCETV's all-news network. Locally produced jazz shows were a possibility as well, since the station still has a large music library.
In 2012, WFAE added two low-powered translators in the Sandhills—one in Laurinburg and one in Southern Pines.
WFAE Leadership
Current Leadership
Joe O'Connor, President and CEO
Ju-Don Marshall, Executive Vice President and Chief Content Officer
Richard Lancaster, President of the Board of Directors
Nick Wharton, Vice President of the Board of Directors
Charlotte Talks
Mike Collins, host
Wendy Herkey, executive producer
Previous WFAE General Managers
Robert “Bo” Pittman
Jennifer Roth
Jon Schwartz
Roger Sarow
Previous Program Directors
Jennifer Roth
Paul Stribling
Dale Spear
Awards
WFAE has won multiple regional Edward R. Murrow Awards in the years, 2014, 2017 and 2018 and 2020. WFAE has also won Sunshine Award for Journalism in 2017.
Additional Stations
In addition to WFAE's primary 100,000 watt signal, there is one full-power station licensed to simulcast the programming of WFAE:
Translators
WFAE programming is broadcast on the following translators:
References
External links
WFAE official website
Charlotte Talks web blog
FAE
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 1977
1977 establishments in North Carolina
Josué Dorrio Ortega (born 3 March 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CF Talavera de la Reina as a winger.
Club career
Born in Bilbao, Biscay, Basque Country, Dorrio joined Athletic Bilbao's youth setup in 2004 from Santutxu FC. Released in 2008, he subsequently completed his formation with Danok Bat CF before joining Tercera División side Bermeo FT in 2013.
In July 2016 Dorrio moved to SD Eibar, being assigned to the farm team also in the fourth tier. He made his first team debut the following 25 January, starting in a 2–2 Copa del Rey home draw against Atlético Madrid.
On 2 September 2019, after spending two years with the fourth division sides Club Portugalete and Lorca FC, Dorrio joined Real Murcia in Segunda División B.
References
External links
Josué Dorrio profile at Acción Sport
1994 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Bilbao
Association football wingers
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Athletic Bilbao footballers
Danok Bat CF players
CD Vitoria footballers
SD Eibar footballers
Club Portugalete players
Lorca FC players
Real Murcia players
CF Talavera de la Reina players
Bermeo FT footballers
Santutxu FC players
The 2014–15 Windsor Express season was the third season of the franchise in the National Basketball League of Canada. The Express finished the season with a 21–11 record and won the 2015 Finals in a controversial manner, with the opposing Halifax Rainmen forfeiting Game 7 after a pre-game brawl. They won their second consecutive title, becoming the second team to do so after the London Lightning under Micheal Ray Richardson. Head coach Bill Jones also won back-to-back titles.
Draft
Roster
References
Windsor Express seasons
2014–15 NBL Canada season
NBL Canada championship seasons
Windsor
Mir Humayun Khan Marri () served as the Deputy Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan from 21 March 1997 to 12 October 1999.
References
Living people
Pakistani politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Deputy chairmen of the Senate of Pakistan
In vino veritas, also written as in uino ueritas, is a Latin phrase that means "In wine, there is truth", suggesting a person under the influence of alcohol is more likely to speak their hidden thoughts and desires. The phrase is sometimes continued as, "In vīnō vēritās, in aquā sānitās", i.e., "In wine there is truth, in water there is good sense (or good health)." Similar phrases exist across cultures and languages.
The expression, together with its counterpart in Greek, "Ἐν οἴνῳ ἀλήθεια" (En oinō alētheia), is found in Erasmus' Adagia, I.vii.17. Pliny the Elder's Naturalis historia contains an early allusion to the phrase. The Greek expression is quoted by Athenaeus of Naucratis in his Deipnosophistae; it is now traced back to a poem by Alcaeus.
Herodotus asserts that if the Persians decided something while drunk, they made a rule to reconsider it when sober. Authors after Herodotus have added that if the Persians made a decision while sober, they made a rule to reconsider it when they were drunk (Histories, book 1, section 133). The Roman historian Tacitus described how the Germanic peoples kept counsel at feasts, where they believed that drunkenness prevented the participants from dissembling.
Western Europe
In Western European countries the same idea has been incorporated in local language versions.
In Danish, "Fra børn og fulde folk skal man høre sandheden" ("From children and drunk people, you will hear the truth").
In Dutch, similarly, "Kinderen en dronkaards spreken de waarheid" ("Children and drunk people speak the truth"), "De wijn in het lijf, het hart in de mond" ("Wine in the body, heart in the mouth"), and "Een dronken mond spreekt 's harten grond" ("A drunken mouth speaks from the bottom of the heart").
In English, "What soberness conceals, drunkenness reveals" and "He speaks in his drink what he thought in his drouth", and "A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts".
In Finnish, "Kännisen suusta totuus tulee" ("The truth comes from the mouth of a drunkard").
In French, "Ce que le sobre tient au cœur est sur la langue du buveur" ("What the sober hold in their heart is on the drinker's tongue").
In German, "Trunkner Mund verrät des Herzens Grund" ("A drunken mouth reveals the heart's meaning") and "Trunkener Mund tut Wahrheit kund" ("A drunken mouth proclaims the truth").
In Icelandic, "Öl er innri maður" (Ale reveals the inner man).
In Spanish, "Despues de beber cada uno dice su parecer" ("After drinking everyone speaks their opinion"), "Cuando el vino entra, echa el secreto afuera" ("When the wine enters, it throws the secret out"), and "Los niños y los borrachos dicen la verdad" ("Children and drunk people speak the truth").
Central Europe
Polish: W winie prawda.
Czech: Ve víně je pravda.
Hungarian: Borban az igazság
Romanian: în vin este adevărul.
Serbian: Пијан говори што трезан мисли.
Slovak: Vo víne je pravda.
Slovene: V vinu je resnica.
Russian, «Что у трезвого на уме, то у пьяного на языке» ("What a sober man has in his mind, the drunk one has on his tongue") and «Истина в вине».
Asia
Persian
In Persian, مستی و راستی ("drunkenness and truthfulness").
Chinese
In Chinese, ("After wine blurts truthful speech").
Filipino
In Tagalog, Nasa Inuman ang Katotohanan ("Truth is in Drinking").
Japanese
In Japanese, 酒は本心を表す (Sake wa honshin o arawasu, "Alcohol reveals true feelings").
Talmud
The Babylonian Talmud (תלמוד בבלי) contains the passage: "נכנס יין יצא סוד", i.e., "Wine enters, secret goes out." It continues, "בשלשה דברים אדם ניכר בכוסו ובכיסו ובכעסו", i.e., "In three things is a man revealed: in his wine goblet, in his purse, and in his wrath." (In the original Hebrew, the words for "his goblet" (koso), "his purse" (keeso - lit. his pocket), and "his wrath" (ka'aso) rhyme, and there is a further play on words, as they all use the root "כס".)
In Hebrew Gematria, the value of the word "sod" (secret) is equal to the value of the word "yain" (wine), making it another play on words, of something of value enters, and something of equal value exits.
There is a similar saying in yiddish: "וואס בײַ א ניכטערן אויף די לינג, איז בײַ א שיכור'ן אויף די צינג", literal meaning: what a sober one has on its lung a drunken has on its tongue.
Africa
In Chichewa, Phika mowa unve chinapha amako ("Brew beer and you will hear what killed your mother").
In Chibemba, Ubwalwa nisokolola twebo ("Beer makes one reveal secrets")
In Tetela, Olamba háté kashi (Alcohol does not lie)
In Ewe , Gnatepe le kopo'a me (Truth lies in the cup)
Music
In the 1770s, Benjamin Cooke wrote a glee by the title of In Vino Veritas. His lyrics (with modern punctuation):
See also
List of Latin phrases
Truth serum
References
External links
Latin proverbs
Latin words and phrases
Wine
Asodhar is a village in Jagdishpur block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 861, in 111 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
ADPF 187 (June 15, 2011), is a landmark Brazil Supreme Court case. The rapporteur Celso de Mello voted in favor of protests of decriminalization of drugs.
Right
After of the decision of the Supreme Court, the people will not be penalized:
People can to protest in favor of decriminalization of drugs.
High Court decision
Judiciary representation
Legislative representation
Executive representation
Amici curiae
See also
Drug liberalization
Global Marijuana March
Cannabis
References
Cannabis in Brazil
Brazilian legislation
David Erik Johan Mitov Nilsson (; born 12 January 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for Sirius as a goalkeeper. Born in Sweden, he represents the North Macedonia national team.
International career
After making his senior debut for Sweden in a January 2014 friendly match against Iceland, Mitov Nilsson decided On 25 September 2015 to switch national teams to Macedonia, which he is eligible for since his mother was born in Macedonia. He made his first appearance for the Macedonia national football team on 12 October 2015 against Belarus in the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifiers.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at Macedonian Football
1991 births
Living people
People from Norrköping
Swedish people of Macedonian descent
Association football goalkeepers
Swedish footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Sweden international footballers
Mitov Nilsson
Mitov Nilsson
Dual internationalists (football)
IFK Norrköping players
IF Sylvia players
GIF Sundsvall players
Sarpsborg 08 FF players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Ettan Fotboll players
Mitov Nilsson
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Mitov Nilsson
Sportspeople from Östergötland County
Aleksandar Ristić (born 28 June 1944 in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian football manager and a former player.
Playing career
Club
During his playing career he played for the Yugoslav clubs FK Velež Mostar, HNK Hajduk Split, FK Sarajevo and German Bundesliga club Eintracht Braunschweig. While playing with Hajduk Split he won the 1967 Yugoslav Cup.
Managerial career
In 1977, Ristić started his career as manager at Eintracht Braunschweig, where he worked as a youth coach. In 1980, he joined the staff of Hamburger SV. There he started as assistant of Manager Branko Zebec, in 1981 he was caretaker for half a year, until Ernst Happel became manager, and he was again only his assistant. Between 1983 and 1985 he worked almost two years in Braunschweig, where he started his career in Germany.
In 1987, he started in Düsseldorf for three and a half years, in January 1991 he went to Schalke 04, but in summer 1992 he re-changed to Fortuna Düsseldorf for another four years. There he was called "King Aleks" for his long-term workplace. His third manager job at Düsseldorf ran from summer 2000 till the end of the year when he again was dismissed for lack of success.
Between 1998 and 2003, Ristić managed Rot-Weiß Oberhausen (except the late summer 2000 in Düsseldorf). In 2004, he got a manager position at Union Berlin, but he stayed there just a few months, because his team was relegated to the third league.
After a pause, he returned to work in 2007 for just one year at KFC Uerdingen 05 in the German Oberliga Nordrhein. He cancelled his contract in March 2008.
Personal life
Ristić lives in Dubrovnik.
References
1944 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sarajevo
Association football wingers
Yugoslav footballers
FK Sarajevo players
HNK Hajduk Split players
FK Velež Mostar players
Eintracht Braunschweig players
Yugoslav First League players
Bundesliga players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Yugoslav football managers
Bosnia and Herzegovina football managers
Hamburger SV managers
Eintracht Braunschweig managers
Fortuna Düsseldorf managers
FC Schalke 04 managers
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen managers
1. FC Union Berlin managers
KFC Uerdingen 05 managers
Bundesliga managers
2. Bundesliga managers
Yugoslav expatriate football managers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Eintracht Braunschweig non-playing staff
Complex convexity is a general term in complex geometry.
Definition
A set in is called if its intersection with any complex line is contractible.
Background
In complex geometry and analysis, the notion of convexity and its generalizations play an important role in understanding function behavior. Examples of classes of functions with a rich structure are, in addition to the convex functions, the subharmonic functions and the plurisubharmonic functions.
Geometrically, these classes of functions correspond to convex domains and pseudoconvex domains, but there are also other types of domains, for instance lineally convex domains which can be generalized using convex analysis.
A great deal is already known about these domains, but there remain some fascinating, unsolved problems. This theme is mainly theoretical, but there are computational aspects of the domains studied, and these computational aspects are certainly worthy of further study.
References
Complex analysis
Convex analysis
External links
First Reformed Church of Schenectady is located at 8 North Church Street in the Historic Stockade District of Schenectady, New York and is a member of the Reformed Church in America. The church was first organized in 1680 by Dutch settlers and was the first church established in the Mohawk Valley. The church, along with the Stockade District were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and again with a boundary increase in 1984 (#73001267).
History
The first Dutch Reformed church in Schenectady was built about 1682 on the public square of the stockade at what is now known as the intersection of State, Church, and Railroad Streets. The church building was destroyed by fire during the Schenectady Massacre on the night of February 8, 1690. An Indian war party from Montreal killed sixty villagers including the church minister, Dominie Petrus Tessemacher (Tessachmaecher). Domine Tessemacher was called to Schenectady from the church at Bergen, New Netherland, and was the first minister in the denomination to have been ordained in the new world.
At the beginning of the Eighteenth Century the church was known as the Reformed Nether Dutch Church, and in 1727 it was changed to Nether Dutch Reformed Church. By the time the congregation occupied its third edifice it has received a charter from King George II in 1734, which allowed the church to operate independently under the name of First Reformed Protestant Dutch Church.
The second building, located on the same site as the first, was occupied from 1702-1734. Funds for this building were raised from an appeal to Governor John Nanfan to petition for contributions throughout the Province of New York. After thirty years, the size of the congregation, including Indian communicants, had outgrown the seating capacity of the church. For some time after its disuse in 1734 the building was used as a fort. By 1754, it had been removed from the site.
The third building was located in the middle of what is now the intersection of Union and Church Streets. This building was used from 1734 to 1814. It measured 56 by 80 feet and according to the Dutch custom, men and women worshiped sitting separately. Indians and slaves occupied the balcony. On this building was the chanticleer clock tower and belfry, topped by the cock of St. Nicholas on a weathervane, all modeled after the pattern set in the Netherlands. In the belfry was a 600 pound silver bell, which was cast in Amsterdam in 1732. Contributions of silver coin and plate, donated by the Reformed Church members in Amsterdam, Holland, as a mission contribution, were melted down into the bell. The bell tolled for 116 years until it cracked in 1848. Because of disrepair of the building and the growing congregation, in 1812 the Consistory resolved to sell the sites of the first three churches to the city of Schenectady for 200 acres of land.
The fourth building was constructed on the northeast corner of Church and Union Streets, very near the current location of the church. This building housed the congregation from 1814 to 1861. During this time, the church fathers achieved incorporation and the name was again changed to Reformed Protestant Dutch Church of Schenectady. The building was a plain brick church built with a bell tower and cupola. No longer were worshipers separated by sex, but rather families were allowed to sit together. Pews were rented on a yearly basis and pew position was determined by the renters' status. The first church organ was installed in 1826. The building narrowly escaped a neighborhood fire in 1819, but in 1861 was consumed by a fire which destroyed much of the city also.
The fifth building was built in 1863, on the same site occupied by the fourth. By 1867 the church became known as the First Reformed Church. The architectural landmark building was designed by Victorian-gothic architect Edward Tuckerman Potter. This building was hit by a fire on Sunday, February 1, 1948. The fire began at 4:45 p.m. and continued through the night destroying the entire structure except for three of the exterior walls, which would be the basis for the current structure. The congregation, with generous assistance from the Schenectady community, restored the edifice to its present form.
The sixth, and present, building was built in 1950. It was built on the foundation of the fifth building. The three stone walls left standing after the fire were reinforced. The north wall was torn down and the sanctuary was extended twenty feet. To complete the church, an 82 foot spire was hoisted into place on November 20, 1969. Placed atop the spire are a weathervane and chanticleer. Funds for the steeple came from personal contributions and memorial bequests.
Notable Members
Henry Glen, first Town Clerk of Schenectady (1767-1809), member of New York Provincial Congress and New York State Assembly, New York Militia and Continental Army officer in American Revolution, member of United States House of Representatives, 1793-1801
George R. Lunn left the pulpit of First Reformed to become Schenectady's Socialist mayor in the early 1900s and later went on to become the Lt. Governor of the State of New York as a Democrat.
Dirck Romeyn and the consistory founded the Schenectady Academy in 1785. This was one of the foundational institutions that would eventually become Union College, established in 1795.
Clark V. Poling was one of the Four Chaplains who died during WWII, during the sinking of the troop transport Dorchester on February 3, 1943, by giving up their life jackets so other soldiers would survive.
Beliefs
In addition to the confessional standards of unity held in common by the Reformed Church in America (the Belgic Confession, Heidelberg Catechism, Canons of Dort, and Belhar Confession), First Reformed Church of Schenectady adopted the following covenant in 1962:
We do hereby set forth the principles of the Christian faith as commonly held among us, believing that no other foundation can anyone lay than that which is laid, which is Jesus Christ. It shall be our aim to bring joy to little children, instruction and high ideals to youth, inspiration to men and women in the midst of life, and comfort to those in life's later years; and to labor together for the betterment of humankind. Our fellowship shall not be dependent upon identity of theological opinion, or of outward circumstance, or of denominational concern, but shall grow from a common loyalty to Jesus, a common commitment to serve the world we touch, and a common purpose to do justly, to love kindness, and to walk humbly with God. Our ideal is a church of the open mind, the warm heart, the hopeful spirit, and the social vision which ever seeks to express, in all walks of life, the mind of Jesus.
Ministers of the Church
References
External links
First Reformed Church of Schenectady
The Reformed Church in America
Churches in Schenectady County, New York
Jacques Reclus (27 July 1796 – 8 April 1882) was a French Protestant minister.
Life
Following studies in Bordeaux, he worked as a librarian at Château de Bonzac, home of Elie Decazes (1780-1860), minister of Louis XVIII. From 1819 he studied theology in Montauban, becoming ordained as pastor at Nimes in December 1821. Afterwards he served as a minister in La Roche-Chalais (1822), then Montcaret (1824).
In June 1831 he resigned as pastor and instructor at the Protestant college in Sainte-Foy-la-Grande in order to head an independent evangelical community in Castétarbe. In 1850 he founded a home for the aged in Orthez.
Family
Reclus was the father of fourteen children who survived beyond infancy, including five sons who gained distinction during their careers:
Élie Reclus (1827-1904), journalist and political activist
Élisée Reclus (1830-1905), geographer and political activist
Onésime Reclus (1837-1916), geographer
Armand Reclus (1843-1927), geographer and explorer
Paul Reclus (1847-1914), surgeon.
Publications
Scènes d'une pauvre vie; Pau 1858.
References
Les Protestants by André Encrevé (biography in French)
Parts of this article are based on an equivalent article at the French Wikipedia, namely: Bulletin du Centre d'Étude du Protestantisme Béarnais, numéro 40 ; décembre 2006.
French Calvinist and Reformed ministers
People from Dordogne
1796 births
1882 deaths
Jacques
The 23rd People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 1996, were held on January 12, 1997, at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium in Pasadena, California. They were hosted by Don Johnson and Roma Downey, and broadcast on CBS.
The theme music is used for the pounding dance beats heard.
Rob Reiner received a special award for his work in the motion picture and television industry.
Awards
Winners are listed first, in bold.
External links
1997 People's Choice.com
People's Choice Awards
1997 awards in the United States
1997 in California
Birutė Valionytė (born 7 October 1956 in Rokiškis District Municipality) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 she was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
References
Biography
1956 births
Living people
Lithuanian politicians
People from Rokiškis District Municipality
The CHIO Aachen () is a popular international horse show held in Aachen, Germany, each summer.
The event
Competitions in show jumping, dressage, eventing, four-in-hand driving, and vaulting are held at the CHIO Aachen.
According to the rules of the International Federation for Equestrian Sports (FEI), each country may only stage one Nations Cup event in each horse sport discipline. In Germany, the Nations Cup events in show jumping, dressage, eventing and four-in-hand driving are held at the CHIO (Concours Hippique International Officiel, Nations Cup event in different disciplines) in Aachen. Also a vaulting nations competition are held here. Its organizer is the Aachen-Laurensberger Rennverein society, which was founded in 1898.
The CHIO Aachen is the most prestigious horse show in Europe when it comes to show jumping and dressage. In addition to the title and following the nomenclature for the tournament, the CHIO has been held under the self-chosen name "Weltfest des Pferdesports" (World Equestrian Festival) since 1992.
History
The first horse show was held 1924 in Aachen, together with a horse race. In 1927 the horse show lasted six days. The first show jumping nations cup was held here in 1929. From 1940 to 1946 the event was not held because of the Second World War. Also in 1986 no horse show held because of the Show Jumping Championship in Aachen.
The CHIO Aachen and the World Equestrian Games were both held in Aachen in 2006. Because of the World Equestrian Games a floodlight system was installed in the show jumping and in the Hauptstadion.
Eventing and vaulting were added to the CHIO Aachen in 2007, influenced by the World Equestrian Games. Also since 2007 the Show jumping Nations Cup is held at Thursday eventing (former at Friday afternoon) - in the television prime time. In 2011, the 80th time a horse show is held at the Sport Park Soers in Aachen.
Venue
The event is held at the Soers in the northern part of Aachen. Here the different disciplines held at different places. The showjumping competitions are held in the "Hauptstadion", the dressage events are held in the "Deutsche Bank Stadion", and the vaulting competitions are held in the "Albert-Vahle-Halle", all in the Soers.
See also
Show jumping winner's board: :de:Liste der Sieger im Springreiten beim CHIO Aachen
Dressage winner's board: :de:Liste der Sieger im Dressurreiten beim CHIO Aachen
Four-in-hand driving winner's board: :de:Liste der Sieger im Gespannfahren beim CHIO Aachen
Eventing winner's board: :de:Liste der Sieger in der Vielseitigkeit beim CHIO Aachen
Vaulting winner's board: :de:Liste der Sieger im Voltigieren beim CHIO Aachen
2010 CHIO Aachen
2011 CHIO Aachen
2012 CHIO Aachen
References
External links
CHIO Aachen web page
Show jumping events
Dressage events
Sport in Aachen
Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Blackwood, after Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Blackwood:
HMS Blackwood was to have been a . She was launched in 1942 for the Royal Navy, but was retained by the US Navy as .
was a Captain-class frigate launched in 1942 and transferred to the Royal Navy under Lend-Lease. She was sunk in 1944.
was a launched in 1955 and broken up in 1976.
Royal Navy ship names
Stade 7 Mars is a stadium in Ben Guerdane, Tunisia. It is currently used mostly for football. The stadium holds 10,000 of which 4,000 are covered, and was built in 2000. It is used by the US Ben Guerdane.
The date of 7 March corresponds to the day of the Battle of Ben Guerdane which takes place on 7 March 2016 in Tunisia. The clashes between the Tunisian security forces and the jihadists of the Islamic state (IS).
References
Tunis
US Ben Guerdane
"I'm a Realist" is the fourth and final single from the third album by British indie rock band The Cribs, released in February 2008. Men's Needs, Women's Needs, Whatever, released in May 2007, featured three other commercially successful and critically lauded songs in the form of 'Men's Needs', 'Moving Pictures' and 'Our Bovine Public'. Recorded at the Warehouse Studio in Vancouver, British Columbia with Franz Ferdinand vocalist and guitarist Alex Kapranos, the song received mastering treatment at Alchemy, London, United Kingdom.
Physical release
The song received a physical release on seven inch vinyl and digital download. Frequent band collaborator Nick Scott designed the sleeve, with the release featuring the catalogue number 'WEBB163S'.
B-Sides
The seven inch vinyl b-side featured a cover of 'Bastards of Young' by The Replacements, a group that the Jarman brothers have long admired. Bernard Butler produced the song, recorded at West Heath Studios, London. A remix of the single by the Postal Service also features on the rare North American version of the vinyl, available only at the dates on that continental tour in 2008.
Miscellaneous
The song came backed with a sticker of the band and therefore made the release chart ineligible due to BPI restrictions. The music video features a 'doomed' rendezvous between two friends at a Cribs concert, with the protagonist succumbing to death in the bath via a falling plant pot. The band make a fleeting appearance at the end of the video.
Track listings
Footnotes
External links
official band website
official record label website
2008 singles
The Cribs songs
Songs written by Gary Jarman
Songs written by Ross Jarman
Songs written by Ryan Jarman
2008 songs
Wichita Recordings singles
The 2009 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit at Tijuana was held September 25–27, 2009 in Tijuana, Mexico. It was the fifth leg of the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2009.
Women's competition
Men's competition
Results on September 27, 2009
References
External links
NORCECA
BV Info
See also
NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2009
Tijuana
Norceca Beach Volleyball Circuit (Tijuana), 2009
NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (Tijuana)
International volleyball competitions hosted by Mexico
2009 in beach volleyball
Juan Antonio Ortega y Díaz-Ambrona (born 11 December 1939) is a Spanish politician from the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) who served as Minister of Education from September 1980 to December 1981.
References
1939 births
Living people
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Government ministers of Spain
20th-century Spanish politicians
Education ministers of Spain
Kristina Lerman (born 1967) is an American network scientist whose research concerns the spread of information on social networks, and fairness in machine learning. She is a research professor at the University of Southern California, in the Computer Science Department of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering, and a principal scientist in the Information Sciences Institute.
Education and career
Lerman majored in physics at Princeton University, graduating in 1989. She completed a Ph.D. in physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 1995, under the joint supervision of Guenter Ahlers and David Cannell.
After working as a systems programmer for Quarterdeck Office Systems from 1996 to 1998, she joined USC's Information Sciences Institute (ISI) as a researcher in 1998. She added an affiliation as research faculty with USC's Computer Science Department in 2004. She has been principal scientist at ISI since 2018, and research professor at USC since 2020.
Recognition
Lerman was named a Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence in 2022.
References
External links
Home page
1967 births
Living people
American computer scientists
American women computer scientists
Network scientists
Princeton University alumni
University of California, Santa Barbara alumni
University of Southern California faculty
Fellows of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence
Poems on Several Occasions may refer to:
Poems on Several Occasions (Lady Mary Chudleigh) by Lady Mary Chudleigh, 1703
Poems on Several Occasions (Matthew Prior) by Matthew Prior, 1707, 1709, 1718, 1721
Poems on Several Occasions (Henry Carey) by Henry Carey, 1713
Poems on Several Occasions (John Gay) by John Gay, 1720
Poems on Several Occasions (Christopher Smart) by Christopher Smart, 1752
Poems on Several Occasions (Michael Bruce) by Michael Bruce, 1770
Poems on Several Occasions (James Graeme) by James Graeme, 1773
Beckwith Havens (1890-1969) was an early American aviator. He flew primarily on the Curtiss Pusher aircraft. In later life he gave accounts of what is been like to be an aviator in the pioneer days. He related how pilots were sometimes forced to fly in dangerous weather and conditions often from the threat of the spectators who came to witness early aviation.
Life and Career
Havens was born to Abraham Britton Havens and Leila Havens (née Beckwith) in 1890. In 1910 he joined Glenn Curtiss's burgeoning aviation company first as a salesman then trained as an exhibition pilot. Havens stated that pilots were dying so fast that he'd be forced to fill exhibition dates. At one point before the season was over he'd inherit three different airplanes and three sets of mechanics. In Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin at the behest of an angry crowd he was forced to fly and was almost killed when in windy conditions he crashed into power lines which fortunately had the power turned off. Primitive flying fields and unprepared grass terrains were often a hazard to early pilots. In 1914 Havens announced plans for a transatlantic and world circling flight and was having special plane built. During World War 1 Havens worked as a test pilot with the U.S. Navy. In WW2 he was in command of a naval installation at San Julien, Cuba. He worked as a distributor for Fairchild Aviation Corporation.
In 1960 Havens published a book Reminiscences of Beckwith Havens. He died in May 1969 two weeks before his 79 birthday.
References
External links
Beckwith Havens EarlyAviators.com
1890 births
1969 deaths
Aviators from New York (state)
Aviation pioneers
Man Arai ( Arai Man; 7 May 1946 – 3 December 2021) was a Japanese writer and singer. In 1987, he won the Noma Literary New Face Prize for Vexation and Akutagawa Prize in 1988 for Tazunebito no Jikan.
References
External links
1946 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Japanese novelists
Akutagawa Prize winners
Japanese male singers
Japanese lyricists
20th-century Japanese composers
Japanese male composers
Pony Canyon artists
Sophia University alumni
People from Niigata (city)
Dominik Florian Brunner (born 18 May 1959 in Stuttgart, died 12 September 2009 in Munich) was a German businessman. He was the CFO of Erlus AG, Germany's largest roof tile manufacturer, and died in a fight which resulted from Brunner trying to protect a group of school children from attacks by teenagers.
Biography
Brunner was born to a family of entrepreneurs. His father, Oscar Brunner, was the finance manager of one of Germany's largest roof tile manufacturers, Erlus AG. After receiving his Abitur in Landshut, Brunner studied law at the University of Munich and worked in office positions in San Francisco and Paris. He followed in his father's footsteps when he took a leading position at Erlus AG. His fields of responsibility included finance, organization, personnel, law and purchases.
In the 1990s, Brunner trained in kickboxing at Boxclub Straubing, but gave up the hobby after he noticed more and more young men arriving at the club to learn how to beat others.
Death
On 12 September 2009, four school children were being threatened on a Munich S-Bahn train by two older teenagers, Markus Schiller and Sebastian Leibinger, who tried to rob and mug them. When Brunner and the young teens arrived at München Solln station, Brunner was punched and kicked over 20 times. He eventually died on-site due to a pre-existing heart condition.
Schiller and Leibinger were charged with murder. In the court case, it was proven that Brunner became involved with the aim of protecting the school children, but questions were raised as to whether he died due to the brutal beating by the accused, and there were differing versions of how the fight between Brunner and the accused started. When the accused were threatening the children, Brunner asked them to stop, or he would call the police. The accused did not listen, so Brunner informed the police. He then asked the children to "stay away", took up a combat position and started to hit and fight the accused. However, according to another witness, Brunner approached the accused, shouted "this is what you want", and then hit Markus Schiller in the face. Although he was described as a hero in early media reports, there was discussion later regarding how much blame for starting the fight lies with Brunner himself.
The court pronounced judgement on 6 September 2010: Schiller, who had by then turned 19, was sentenced to 9 years and 10 months in a youth facility as a primary accomplice in an attempted robbery with violence leading to murder; Leibinger was sentenced to 7 years in a youth facility as a primary accomplice in an attempted robbery with violence leading to grievous bodily harm resulting in death. The Federal Court of Justice rejected the defence appeal.
Awards and honors
Brunner was posthumously awarded the Bavarian Order of Merit (Bayerischer Verdienstorden) by Minister-President of Bavaria Horst Seehofer, and the Federal Cross of Merit by German President Horst Köhler.
Asteroid 192293 Dominikbrunner, discovered by Freimut Börngen in 1990, was named in his memory. The official was published by the Minor Planet Center on 30 March 2010 ().
References
External links
Dominik Brunner Stiftung für Zivilcourage (established by his relatives)
1959 births
2009 deaths
Businesspeople from Stuttgart
German murder victims
2009 murders in Germany
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Businesspeople from Bavaria
People murdered in Germany
The following is a list of hydroelectric power stations in Brazil with a nameplate capacity of at least 100 MW.
According to the Associação Brasileira de Distribuidores de Energia Elétrica (ABRADEE) there are 201 hydroelectric power stations in Brazil with a nameplate capacity of more than 30 MW; the total capacity of these power stations in 2015 was 84,703 MW. There are an additional 476 hydroelectric power stations with a nameplate capacity between 1 and 30 MW and 496 micro hydroelectric power stations with a nameplate capacity of less than 1 MW.
See also
List of power stations in Brazil
References
External links
Dams in Brazil
Brazil
40 Pounds of Trouble is a 1962 comedy film directed by Norman Jewison and starring Tony Curtis, Suzanne Pleshette, Larry Storch and Phil Silvers. It is a retelling of Damon Runyon's 1932 short story Little Miss Marker.
It marks Jewison's feature film directorial debut, after several years as a television director; it also marks Stanley Margulies' feature film producer debut, after having been executive producer on the television series Tales of the Vikings for Brynaprod. The film was shot on location at Disneyland and at Harrah's Club in Lake Tahoe, Nevada. It was the first motion picture ever to receive permission from Walt Disney to film at the amusement park. Producers Curtis and Stanley Margulies sent Disney a copy of the script and were surprised when the noted figure phoned them three days later to give his approval, with only a minor alteration to the script. It was the only released film completed by Curtis and Margulies' film production company Curtis Enterprises, as the pair would form a new company, Reynard Productions, shortly afterwards.
40 Pounds of Trouble had a limited one-day-only New Years Eve screening at select theaters across the United States, on the night of December 31, 1962. Theaters showed the film from one to three times that night in celebration of the oncoming new year. The film had its official world premiere on January 18, 1963 at the Carib-Miami-Miracle Theaters in Miami, Florida, and the next day at Harrah's Club's South Shore Room in Lake Tahoe, Nevada which Curtis and his wife Christine Kaufmann attended. The film then opened to the rest of the United States during the last week of January and first week of February 1963. It was a success and the film was nominated for a Golden Laurel Award for Top Comedy and Curtis was nominated for a Golden Laurel Award for Top Male Comedy Performance.
Plot
A casino manager (played by Tony Curtis) and his club singer, Chris Lockwood (played by Suzanne Pleshette), find their hands full when they agree to take in a troublesome young girl named Penny Piper (played by Claire Wilcox), left behind in the casino by her gambling father. The little girl hinders the manager's plans to keep his gaming licence. Penny thinks that Steve needs to get married and settle down, so she starts trying to match make, trying to set him up with Chris. Steve is still reeling from his failed first marriage and is apprehensive about another trip to the altar. The movie's culmination involves a slapstick pursuit through Disneyland.
Principal cast
Critical reception
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times summed up the film:
Wilcox has been especially praised in her scene in the courthouse.
Trivia
One of the first films to be shot at Disneyland.
See also
List of American films of 1962
References
External links
1962 comedy films
1962 directorial debut films
1962 films
American comedy films
Curtis Enterprises
Disneyland
1960s English-language films
Films directed by Norman Jewison
Films set in amusement parks
Films set in California
Films set in Nevada
Films shot in California
Films shot in Nevada
American gambling films
Universal Pictures films
1960s American films
Alesha Widdall (born January 3, 1990) is an American woman Field hockey player. She hails from Whitney Point, New York and played as a goalkeeper. She was part of the United States women's national field hockey team at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She retired from the national team in 2018.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
American female field hockey players
Female field hockey goalkeepers
Olympic field hockey players of the United States
Field hockey players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
21st-century American women
Red Cross Institute for the Blind (also known as Evergreen) was established by the American Red Cross in 1917. It was located in Baltimore, Maryland. The institute furnished the connecting link between the military and civil life of the injured men.
History
The Red Cross Institute for the Blind was organized at the request of the Surgeon General of the United States to cooperate with the authorities at Hospital No. 7 and the Federal Board for Vocational Education in order to do anything that would help make the life of the soldiers and sailors better and more effective while at Evergreen and also after their discharge. The institute was housed in a building upon property adjacent to the Garrett estate. A library or clubroom was created soon after the opening of the institute where the men could read or be read to and get away from the routine of the military and school life. In order to provide the men with raised print copies of then current magazines, volunteer Braille copyists were trained and organized. Volunteer assistant teachers were provided training by the institution. Another need was for adequate provision for the housing of the relatives of the blind men when they come to Baltimore to visit their recuperating family members. Houses were furnished and equipped for this purpose by the institute at 915 N. Charles Street, for any member of a soldier's or sailor's family without any expense to the family member.
The property upon which the headquarters of the institute is situated adjoins "Evergreen" (General Hospital N. 7, as the American St. Dunstan's is officially known) — where war-blinded American soldiers, sailors and marines were trained under military supervision. Lieut.-Colonel James Bordley, Director of the work for the blind of the Army and Navy, was also Director of the Red Cross Institute for the Blind. The institute organized a Woman's Auxiliary with Mrs. Charles E. Rieman of Baltimore as chairman, to coordinate volunteer service. The first efforts of the ladies was in connection with the school and social life of the blind men at Evergreen. The institute also created an Industrial Survey Commission with Charles F. F. Campbell as chairman, which was actively engaged in collecting information relative to the employment of the blind in factories. The Director of Vocational Education at Evergreen was Supt. O. H. Burritt of the Pennsylvania Institution for the Blind.
Notable people
The Committee of Direction of the Red Cross Institute for the Blind was composed of five members, each appointed by the General Manager of the American Red Cross.
H. R. Fardwell, Director of Military Relief of the American Red Cross, Washington, D. C, was chairman of the committee.
Dr. James Bordley, the Baltimore member of the committee, was, during the war, a Lieut. Colonel on the staff of the Surgeon General, and was directed to prepare and present a plan for the re-education of the blind soldiers. He was the Surgeon General's representative at General Hospital No. 7, to which the blind soldiers were sent, and Director of the Red Cross Institute for the Blind, which was opened in March, 1918, to supplement the work of the army. He continued in this capacity until the military authorities withdrew and the American Red Cross took over the management of the school in May, 1919, at which time, Lieut. Colonel Bordley returned to civilian life.
Dr. George E. de Schweinitz, of Philadelphia, a professor of ophthalmology, University of Pennsylvania, was also a Lieut. Colonel on the staff of the Surgeon General's office. In June, 1919, de Schweinitz was asked to serve as a member of the Committee on Direction. de Schweinitz's long service on the board of managers of the Pennsylvania Institution for the Blind gave him a first-hand knowledge of educational matters connected with the blind.
Walter G. Holmes, of New York City, was the manager of the Matilda Zeigler Magazine for the Blind, the publication which was sent free of expense to blind readers throughout the United States and Canada since 1907 as a result of the generosity of Electa Matilda Ziegler. Holmes, through his editorship of this publication, had been in touch with a larger number of blind individuals than any other worker for the blind in the United States. This experience gave him an intimate acquaintance with all matters pertaining to the blind.
M. C. Migel, of New York, was known to workers for the blind throughout the English speaking world, because of his generous assistance in financing the Uniform Type Commission for the Blind which solved the "Type Question" in the United States. He was Chairman of the New York State Commission for the Blind.
L. W. Wallace, the Director of the institute, was ex-officio a member of the committee. For eleven years, Wallace was a member of the Faculty of Purdue University. For a number of years, he was head of the Department of Railway and Industrial Management. For some time, Wallace was Assistant General Manager of the Diamond Chain and Manufacturing Company of Indianapolis, which position he left to come to the Red Cross Institute for the Blind.
References
Bibliography
External links
Evergreen-Red Cross Institute for the Blind Collection at Maryland Historical Society
American Red Cross
Schools for the blind in the United States
1917 establishments in Maryland
Hospitals established in 1917
Luis Alberto Villamizar Cárdenas (October 26, 1944 – July 26, 2007) was a Colombian politician and diplomat. He is best known for his role in fighting the Medellín drug cartel.
Early life
Villamizar's grandfather was Colombia's Minister for War and his father was a physician to the Presidential Guard. Villamizar studied medicine at the Xavierian University in Bogotá, but failed to complete his degree. He worked in advertising and marketing and was a sales associate for B.F. Goodrich, a job through which he came to gain a very complete knowledge of Bogota, something that would prove very useful in his political career later on.
Political career
Villamizar entered politics and became an ally of leading politician Luis Carlos Galán in seeking to limit the power of Pablo Escobar of the Medellín cocaine cartel. As leader of the Nuevo Liberalismo in the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia, Villamizar won passage of the National Narcotics Statute in 1986 which was the first general legislation against drug trafficking. He also worked against Escobar's attempts to have sympathetic politicians pass legislation against extradition.
Escobar arranged for an attempt on Villamizar's life in 1986. Following the assassination attempt, Villamizar was appointed as Ambassador to Indonesia. During his term as Ambassador, United States security forces captured a hitman in Singapore sent to kill him.
When Villamizar returned to Colombia, Escobar ordered Villamizar's wife, journalist Maruja Pachón, and his sister Beatriz Villamizar de Guerrero to be kidnapped. Eight more people were soon kidnapped as well. The President of Colombia commissioned Villamizar to negotiate the release of the captives. Escobar was so impressed with Villamizar's negotiating skills that he selected him to negotiate his (Escobar's) own later surrender to Colombian authorities. Gabriel Garcia Marquez based his 1997 book News of a Kidnapping on Villamizar's fight against kidnapping.
In 1996, President Ernesto Samper appointed Villamizar as Colombia's first kidnapping czar. He set up a special police force to tackle kidnappings. In 1997, he was appointed as the Ambassador to Cuba.
Death
Villamizar died in 2007 of complications of lung surgery in Bogotá, Colombia, aged 62.
Popular culture
Villamizar is portrayed by the actor Gustavo Angarita Jr. in TV Series Escobar, el patrón del mal.
Villamizar is portrayed by the actor Juan Pablo Raba in the Amazon Prime series News of a Kidnapping.
References
1944 births
2007 deaths
Ambassadors of Colombia to Cuba
Ambassadors of Colombia to Indonesia
Ambassadors of Colombia to the Netherlands
The Malta Classic Car Museum is a museum on the island state of Malta.
References
External links
Classic Car Museum
Automotive museums
Buildings and structures in St. Paul's Bay
Herman Schueremans (born 5 January 1954) is a Flemish politician and concertpromotor. Schueremans was involved from the start with Rock Werchter and Torhout-Werchter. Now he still organises Rock Werchter for Live Nation, that bought the two festivals. From 2004 to 2012 he was also a member of the Flemish parliament for the Flemish Liberals and Democrats.
References
1954 births
Living people
Open Vlaamse Liberalen en Democraten politicians
21st-century Belgian politicians
André Dubonnet (28 June 1897 – 20 January 1980) was a French flying ace, athlete, race car driver, and inventor. He was the grandson of Joseph Dubonnet, founder of the Dubonnet apéritif firm, from which he inherited substantial wealth.
Early life and military service
Dubonnet was born in Paris on 28 June 1897. He began his military service as an artilleryman, but switched to aviation.
He was credited with six aerial victories as a pilot during World War I. Flying a SPAD XIII, he shared two out of his three May 1918 victories with Frank Baylies, teamed up with Fernand Henri Chavannes to destroy an observation balloon on 13 June, and split a pair of wins on 16 August 1918 with Joseph de Sevin and Captain Battle.
Between the world wars
In December 1922, Dubonnet married Claude Sampieri, daughter of Count Charles Sampieri and of Irène Cahen d'Anvers, whose father was the banker Louis Cahen d'Anvers. Together, they had two daughters, France and Lorraine.
During the 1920s, Dubonnet competed in Olympic bobsledding, as well as racing cars for Bugatti and Hispano-Suiza. He later spent much of his fortune developing inventions. He successfully sold an automobile suspension system (système Dubonnet) to General Motors, but nearly went bankrupt late in life while working on solar energy. He also developed several aerodynamic studies and commissioned some special aerodynamic cars to be built for him.
In 1932, Dubonnet married Xenia Howard-Johnston, who died not long afterward. He met his third wife, the American Ruth Obre, during his dealings with GM's Alfred P. Sloan, who was famed for his visions of the automaker's incremental product levels and planned obsolescence. Both women figured in Dubonnet's continuing tale.
Dubonnet became a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur in January 1936.
World War II and beyond
He returned to service during World War II, serving in GCI/2.
André Dubonnet died on 20 January 1980 in Paris.
Sources of information
References
SPAD XII/XIII aces of World War I. Jon Guttman. Osprey Publishing, 2002. , 9781841763163.
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
External links
Biography, list of aerial victories, color profiles of his planes
1887 births
1980 deaths
French World War I flying aces
French male bobsledders
Olympic bobsledders of France
Bobsledders at the 1928 Winter Olympics
Grand Prix drivers
Tors may refer to:
Tor (rock formation), rock outcrops
Ivan Tors (1916–1983), playwright, screenwriter and film and television producer
TransOral Robotic Surgery, a surgical technique
See also
Tor (disambiguation)
Ten Tors
Tors Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
Zap Comix is an underground comix series which was originally part of the youth counterculture of the late 1960s. While a few small-circulation self-published satirical comic books had been printed prior to this, Zap became the model for the "comix" movement that snowballed after its release. The title itself published 17 issues over a period of 46 years.
Premiering in early 1968 as a showcase for the work of Robert Crumb, Zap was unlike any comic book sensibility that had been seen before. After the success of the first issue, Crumb opened the pages of Zap to several other artists, including S. Clay Wilson, Robert Williams, "Spain" Rodriguez, Gilbert Shelton, and two artists with reputations as psychedelic poster designers, Victor Moscoso and Rick Griffin. This group of artists, along with Crumb, remained mostly constant throughout the history of Zap.
While the origin of the spelling "comix" is a subject of some dispute, it was popularized by its appearance in the title of the first issues of Zap. Design critic Steven Heller claims that the term "comix" ("co-mix") refers to the traditional comic book style of Zap, and its mixture of dirty jokes and storylines.
Overview
Labeled "Fair Warning: For Adult Intellectuals Only", Zap #1 featured the publishing debut of Robert Crumb's much-bootlegged Keep on Truckin' imagery, an early appearance of unreliable holy man Mr. Natural and his neurotic disciple Flakey Foont, and the first of innumerable self-caricatures (in which Crumb calls himself "a raving lunatic", and "one of the world's last great medieval thinkers"). The debut issue included the story "Whiteman," which detailed the inner torment seething within the lusty, fearful heart of an outwardly upright American.
For the second issue, Crumb invited S. Clay Wilson, Victor Moscoso and Rick Griffin to contribute. Gilbert Shelton joined the crew with issue #3, and Robert Wiliams and Spain Rodriguez joined with issue #4, completing the roster.
Zap's new publisher the Print Mint weathered a lawsuit filed over the Zap #4, released in 1969, which featured among other things, Crumb's depiction of incest in a middle-class family. The publishers, Don & Alice Schenker, were arrested and charged with publishing pornography by the Berkeley Police Department. Previous to that, Simon Lowinsky, who had a gallery on College Avenue in Berkeley and had put up an exhibition of the Crumb's original drawings, had been arrested on the same charge. His case came to trial first. He was acquitted after supportive testimony from Peter Selz, a prominent figure in the art world. At that point the city dropped the charges against the Print Mint. In a related case, however — also brought on by Zap #4 — the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 1973 that local communities could decide their own First Amendment standards with reference to obscenity. (See Miller v. California) In the mid-1970s, sale of drug paraphernalia was outlawed in many places, and the distribution network for these comics (and the underground newspapers) dried up, leaving mail order as the only commercial outlet for underground titles.
Contributor Rick Griffin died in 1991; Paul Mavrides made his debut as a Zap contributor in issue #14 (1998). (Mavrides was invited to contribute when Crumb announced that he no longer wanted to work on Zap — although Crumb never did actually quit the title.)
Publication history
Zap #1 was published in San Francisco in early 1968. Some 3,500 copies were printed by Beat writer Charles Plymell, who arranged with publisher Don Donahue for Zap to be the first title put out under Donahue's Apex Novelties imprint.
The contents of the first Zap were not intended to be the debut issue. Philadelphia publisher Brian Zahn (who had published earlier works of R. Crumb in his Philadelphia-based underground newspaper Yarrowstalks) had intended to publish an earlier version of the comic, but reportedly left the country with the artwork. Rather than repeat himself, Crumb drew a new assortment of strips, which replaced the missing issue.
(The tagline of Zap #1, "Zap Comics are Squinky Comics!!" has an interesting origin. Art Spiegelman called his girlfriend of the time, Isabella Fiske, "Squink." Crumb liked the word and decided to use it on the cover. Crumb himself credits Gershon Legman's 1949 article "Love and Death" condemning the "horror-squinky" in the 1940s comics.)
In late 1968, shortly before Zap #3 was to be published, Crumb found Xerox copies of the missing pages from the original Zap #1, which (according to fellow Zap contributor Victor Moscoso) successfully captured the linework but not the solid blacks. After being re-inked by Crumb, those strips subsequently appeared as Zap #0. Thus Zap #0 became the third in the series (even though it was drawn before #1 in 1967), and Zap #3 the fourth.
With issue #4 (Aug. 1969), Zap moved publishers to the Print Mint, which weathered a lawsuit related to its contents (see above). A 1973 U.S. Supreme Court ruling led to the collapse of the underground comix market, and after that Zap was published sporadically, with it being typical for three to five years to pass between new issues. Zap continued to be published by Print Mint through issue #9 (1978), when the company stopped publishing comics altogether.
From issue #10 (1982) onward, Zap was published by Last Gasp (which also published many reprints of earlier issues). Again, there were often long periods between issues: altogether, five issues of Zap were published (by Print Mint and Last Gasp) in the 1970s, three issues in the 1980s, and two issues in the 1990s. Zap #15 () came out in 2005, seven years after the previous issue.
Issues #13–15 all featured cameos by sex-positive feminist Susie Bright as a character within its pages (or on the cover).
A limited edition six-volume hardcover box set containing the complete Zap Comix () was published by Fantagraphics in November 2014. Besides including an oral history, portfolio, and previously unseen material, the set also included the never-before published Zap Comix #16 — the final issue in the series. Zap #16 would later be released by Fantagraphics as a stand-alone, 80-page comic in February 2016, with a few changes and additions.
Circulation
The first issue of Zap was sold on the streets of Haight-Ashbury out of a baby stroller pushed by Crumb's wife Dana on the first day. In years to come, the comic's sales would be most closely linked with alternative venues such as head shops.
Due to its unusual outside position in the comic distribution industry, a completely accurate count of Zaps circulation cannot be known, but overall sales for the comic's first 16 issues are in the millions.
Jams
From issue #3 forward (with the exception of issue #8), every issue of the title featured a group jam by the "Zap collective," where the cartoonists would pass a story around, each one contributing panels to the overall story (which was usually no more than two pages).
In addition, in June 1970, the collective did the one-page jam "Science Fiction Comics" along with Harvey Kurtzman, which was published in East Village Other vol. 6, #1. In 1974, between issues #7 and #8 of Zap Comix, the collective produced Zam (Zap Jam), an entire 36-page comic filled with their jams.
List of Zap jams
"Atomic Comics," 3 pages in Zap #3
"Jam," 3 pages in Zap #4
"Micro-Minnie," .15 page in Zap #5
"Mammy Jama," 1 page in Zap #6
["All nite comix..."], 2 pages in Zam-Zap Jam (The Print Mint, 1974)
"Zyklon Jam - Souvenir of the Carnage," 1 page in Zap #8
"The Sky Is, In Fact, Falling" ("Four Guys Comics"), 1 page in Zap #9
"Toe Jam Comix," 1 page in Zap #10
"The Constipated Chaos Consortium," 1 page in Zap #11
"Rotten to the Core," 2 pages in Zap #12
"Bark All You Want, You Can't Bite Me Now — A Shaggy Fish Story," 3 pages in Zap #13
"The Last Lunch," 2 pages in Zap #13 — dedicated to the memory of Rick Griffin
"(Self) Important Comics," 2 pages in Zap #14
"Circle of Jerks," 2 pages in Zap #15
Featured charactersAngelfood McSpade (R. Crumb) — a large-built black woman drawn as a racist African native caricature. She is usually depicted being sexually exploited or manipulated by men. (Appears in issues #2 and #0.)Captain Pissgums and his Pervert Pirates (S. Clay Wilson) — a crew of bisexual male drug-addict pirates that are into a series of kinky and outré sexual acts. Captain Pissgums' nemesis is Captain Fatima and the butch all-female crew of the SS Quivering Thigh. (A "Captain Pysse-Gummes" is mentioned as one of the captains attending the Pirate's Conference in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.) (Appears in issues #3, 10, and 15.)
The Checkered Demon (S. Clay Wilson) — portly, shirtless demon frequently called upon to kill the various demented bikers, pirates, and rapists who populate Wilson's universe. (Appears in issues #2, 4, 5, and 8–15.)
Coochy Cooty (Robert Williams) — Sinner, substance abuser, fornicator, and bad-ass antihero who wears a flower pot hat. (Appears in issues #5, 6, and 8–13.)
R. Crumb (R. Crumb) — self-caricature portrayed as "a raving lunatic" and "one of the world's last great medieval thinkers." (Appears in issues #0, 1, 6–8, 10, 11, and 13–15.)
Mr. Natural (R. Crumb) — unreliable holy man and his neurotic disciple Flakey Foont. (Appears in issues #0 and #1–7.)
Trashman (Spain) — hero of the working classes and champion of radical left-wing causes (Appears in issues #11–13.)Wonder Wart-Hog, the "Hog of Steel" (Gilbert Shelton) — a violent reactionary amoral "superhero" who hypocritically murders and rapes people he doesn't approve of. His alter ego is reporter Philbert DeSanex''' (Appears in issues #3-5, 13, and 15.)''
Issue guide
References
External links
Zap section of ComixJoint, including reviews of issues #1-15
"The Zap Show: A Cultural Revolution" exhibit at New York's Society of Illustrators
1968 comics debuts
Comics magazines published in the United States
Underground comix
Culture in the San Francisco Bay Area
Art in the San Francisco Bay Area
Comics by Robert Crumb
Obscenity controversies in comics
Last Gasp titles
Antonis Panagi (; born 26 August 1983) is a Cypriot football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Omonia Aradippou in the Cypriot Second Division.
He played for Nea Salamina, Apollon Limassol, Alki Larnaca, AEK Larnaca and Olympiakos Nicosia.
External links
1983 births
Living people
Cypriot footballers
Olympiakos Nicosia players
Apollon Limassol FC players
Nea Salamis Famagusta FC players
Alki Larnaca FC players
Omonia Aradippou players
Cypriot First Division players
Cyprus under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
The Williams tube, or the Williams–Kilburn tube after inventors Freddie Williams and Tom Kilburn, is an early form of computer memory. It was the first random-access digital storage device, and was used successfully in several early computers.
The Williams tube works by displaying a grid of dots on a cathode-ray tube (CRT). Due to the way CRTs work, this creates a small charge of static electricity over each dot. The charge at the location of each of the dots is read by a thin metal sheet just in front of the display. Since the display faded over time, it was periodically refreshed. It operates faster than earlier acoustic delay-line memory, at the speed of the electrons inside the vacuum tube, rather than at the speed of sound. The system was adversely affected by nearby electrical fields, and required frequent adjustment to remain operational. Williams–Kilburn tubes were used primarily on high-speed computer designs.
Williams and Kilburn applied for British patents on 11 December 1946, and 2 October 1947, followed by the United States patent applications on 10 December 1947, and 16 May 1949.
Working principle
The Williams tube depends on an effect called secondary emission that occurs on cathode-ray tubes (CRTs). When the electron beam strikes the phosphor that forms the display surface, it normally causes it to illuminate. If the beam energy is above a given threshold (depending on the phosphor mix) it also causes electrons to be struck out of the phosphor. These electrons travel a short distance before being attracted back to the CRT surface and falling on it a short distance away. The overall effect is to cause a slight positive charge in the immediate region of the beam where there is a deficit of electrons, and a slight negative charge around the dot where those electrons land. The resulting charge well remains on the surface of the tube for a fraction of a second while the electrons flow back to their original locations. The lifetime depends on the electrical resistance of the phosphor and the size of the well.
The process of creating the charge well is used as the write operation in a computer memory, storing a single binary digit, or bit. A positively charged dot is erased (filling the charge well) by drawing a second dot immediately adjacent to the one to be erased (most systems did this by drawing a short dash starting at the dot position, the extension of the dash erased the charge initially stored at the starting point). This worked because the negative halo around the second dot would fill in the positive center of the first dot. A collection of dots or spaces, often one horizontal row on the display, represents a computer word. Increasing beam energy made the dots bigger and last longer, but required them to be further apart, since nearby dots would erase each other. The beam energy had to be large enough to produce dots with a usable lifetime. This places an upper limit on the memory density, and each Williams tube could typically store about 256 to 2560 bits of data. Because the electron beam is essentially inertia-free and can be moved anywhere on the display, the computer can access any location, making it a random access memory. Typically, the computer would load the address as an X and Y pair into the driver circuitry and then trigger a time base generator that would sweep the selected locations, reading from or writing to the internal registers, normally implemented as flip-flops.
Reading the memory took place via a secondary effect caused by the writing operation. During the short period when to write takes place, the redistribution of charges in the phosphor creates an electrical current that induces voltage in any nearby conductors. This is read by placing a thin metal sheet just in front of the display side of the CRT. During a read operation, the beam writes to the selected bit locations on the display. Those locations that were previously written to are already depleted of electrons, so no current flows, and no voltage appears on the plate. This allows the computer to determine there was a "1" in that location. If the location had not been written to previously, the write process will create a well and a pulse will be read on the plate, indicating a "0".
Reading a memory location creates a charge well whether or not one was previously there, destroying the original contents of that location, and so any read has to be followed by a rewrite to reinstate the original data. In some systems this was accomplished using a second electron gun inside the CRT that could write to one location while the other was reading the next. Since the display would fade over time, the entire display had to be periodically refreshed using the same basic method. As the data is read and then immediately rewritten, this operation can be carried out by external circuitry while the central processing unit (CPU) was busy carrying out other operations. This refresh operation is similar to the memory refresh cycles of DRAM in modern systems.
Since the refresh process caused the same pattern to continually reappear on the display, there was a need to be able to erase previously written values. This was normally accomplished by writing to the display just beside the original location. The electrons released by this new write would fall into the previously written well, filling it. The original systems produced this effect by writing a small dash, which was easy to accomplish without changing the master timers and simply producing to write current for a slightly longer period. The resulting pattern was a series of dots and dashes. There was a considerable amount of research on more effective erasing systems, with some systems using out-of-focus beams or complex patterns.
Some Williams tubes were made from radar-type cathode-ray tubes with a phosphor coating that made the data visible, while other tubes were purpose-built without such a coating. The presence or absence of this coating had no effect on the operation of the tube, and was of no importance to the operators, since the face of the tube was covered by the pickup plate. If a visible output was needed, a second tube connected in parallel with the storage tube, with a phosphor coating, but without a pickup plate, was used as a display device.
Development
Developed at the University of Manchester in England, it provided the medium on which the first electronically stored-memory program was implemented in the Manchester Baby computer, which first successfully ran a program on 21 June 1948. In fact, rather than the Williams tube memory being designed for the Baby, the Baby was a testbed to demonstrate the reliability of the memory. Tom Kilburn wrote a 17-line program to calculate the highest proper factor of 218. Tradition at the university has it that this was the only program Kilburn ever wrote.
Williams tubes tended to become unreliable with age, and most working installations had to be "tuned" by hand. By contrast, mercury delay-line memory was slower and not truly random access, as the bits were presented serially, which complicated programming. Delay lines also needed hand tuning, but did not age as badly and enjoyed some success in early digital electronic computing despite their data rate, weight, cost, thermal and toxicity problems. The Manchester Mark 1, which used Williams tubes, was successfully commercialised as the Ferranti Mark 1. Some early computers in the United States also used Williams tubes, including the IAS machine (originally designed for Selectron tube memory), the UNIVAC 1103, IBM 701, IBM 702 and the Standards Western Automatic Computer (SWAC). Williams tubes were also used in the Soviet Strela-1 and in the Japan TAC (Tokyo Automatic Computer).
See also
Atanasoff–Berry computer – Used a type of memory called regenerative capacitor memory
Mellon optical memory
References
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
The Williams Tube
Manchester Baby and the birth of Computer Memory
RCA 6571 Computer storage tube data sheet
Cathode ray tube
History of computing hardware
History of computing in the United Kingdom
Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester
Types of RAM
Vacuum tubes
Luke Northmore (born 16 March 1997) is an English rugby union player. He plays at centre.
Club career
Northmore played for his university, Cardiff Met.
He then moved to Harlequins in the Premiership Rugby. He was a replacement in the Premiership final against Exeter on 26 June 2021 as Harlequins won the game 40–38 in the highest scoring Premiership final ever.
International career
He was called up to the senior England squad for the 2022 Six Nations Championship.
References
External links
Harlequins Profile
ESPN Profile
Ultimate Rugby Profile
1997 births
Living people
English rugby union players
Rugby union players from Tavistock
Rugby union centres
Leonard Thomas Kelly (1913-1981) was an Australian premiership winning rugby league player who played in the 1930s and 1940s with St. George. He was later a senior administrator with the club in their successive eleven year winning run from 1956 to 1966.
Background
Kelly was born in Manildra, New South Wales on 17 June 1913.
Playing career
Kelly went on to become a legend at the St. George as a player, coach and administrator. Known as 'The Deacon', Kelly played his entire football career at St George. He came to club via the junior club, Sutherland Grave-Diggers.
Kelly played twelve seasons for St. George between 1933 and 1944, the highlight being his vice-captaincy in the 1941 Grand Final winning team. In 1942 he became captain-coach. He played 208 grade games (all grades) with St. George, a record which stood till Norm Provan surpassed it late in his career.
Kelly retired from the Sydney league in 1944 to captain-coach at Picton for three years.
Administrative career
Kelly returned to St George as an administrator in 1950 and also became an Australian selector in 1956. He was President of the St George Football Club and a director of St. George League's Club during the club's successful run of eleven straight premierships from 1956 to 1966. He retained those positions until 1977.
He later became vice-president of the NSWRFL under President Bill Buckley. Upon Buckley's death in 1973, it was assumed that Kelly would run rugby league in New South Wales, but the position was ultimately given to a more youthful Kevin Humphreys. Kelly remained N.S.W. Rugby League vice-president until his retirement in the late 1970s.
Death
Len 'The Deacon' Kelly died suddenly at his Arncliffe, New South Wales home on 3 November 1981, age 68 after a long illness.
References
Published sources
Whiticker, Alan & Hudson, Glen (2006) The Encyclopedia of Rugby League Players, Gavin Allen Publishing, Sydney
Haddan, Steve (2007) The Finals - 100 Years of National Rugby League Finals, Steve Haddan Publishing, Brisbane
1913 births
1981 deaths
Australian rugby league administrators
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Rugby league players from New South Wales
Rugby league second-rows
St. George Dragons coaches
St. George Dragons players
Fine Music Radio is a radio station that is based within the Artscape Theatre Centre in Cape Town, South Africa. Founded in 1995, Fine Music Radio focuses mainly on classical music and jazz, and broadcasts on frequencies 101.3 in the greater Cape Town area - 107.9 in Noordhoek and Fish Hoek - 94.7 in Hout Bay and Llandudno - 97.1 on the Atlantic seaboard. The station also live streams its programming.
Listenership figures
References
External links
Fine Music Radio Website
Classical Music in South Africa
SAARF Website
Sentech Website
Radio stations in Cape Town
Radio stations established in 1995
Yeşilbağ is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Dithryca is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.
Species
Dithryca guttularis (Meigen, 1826)
Dithryca guttulosa (Loew, 1869)
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Diptera of Europe
Taxa named by Camillo Rondani
The 2022–23 South African Premier Division from 5 August 2022 to 20 May 2023 is the 27th consecutive season of the PSL.
Mamelodi Sundowns are the 5-time defending champions, having won the title from the 2017-18 season to 2021-22. Sekhukhune United relocated from Ellis Park Stadium to Peter Mokaba Stadium.
Teams
Team changes
The following teams changed divisions since the end of the 2021-22 season
Promoted from the 2021–22 National First Division
•Richards Bay F.C.
Relegated from the 2021–22 South African Premier Division
•Baroka F.C.
Location of teams
Stadiums and locations
Number of teams by province
League Table
(C) Champion; (P/O) Play-off round; (R) Relegated
Results
Statistics
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Most assists
Clean sheets
See also
2022 MTN 8
2022-23 Nedbank Cup
2022-23 National First Division
References
External links
Official website
South Africa
Premier Division
Premier Soccer League seasons
Charles Alvin Weatherbie (born January 17, 1955) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Utah State University (1992–1994), the United States Naval Academy (1995–2001), and Louisiana Monroe (2003–2009). In 17 seasons as a college football head coach, he compiled a 76–115 record, including victories in the 1993 Las Vegas Bowl , the 1996 Aloha Bowl, and a 2007 victory over
Nick Saban in Tuscaloosa at Bryant–Denny Stadium. Prior to being released by Louisiana–Monroe on November 30, 2009, he led the Warhawks to a third-place finish in the Sun Belt Conference and the second non-losing record since the program moved to the Football Bowl Subdivision in 1993.
He is currently the director of the First Baptist Orlando Love Orlando Initiative, which distributes funds in the greater Orlando, Florida area to prevent homelessness.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1955 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Air Force Falcons football coaches
Arkansas Razorbacks football coaches
Canadian football quarterbacks
American players of Canadian football
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks football coaches
Navy Midshipmen football coaches
Oklahoma State Cowboys football coaches
Oklahoma State Cowboys football players
Utah State Aggies football coaches
Wyoming Cowboys football coaches
High school football coaches in Oklahoma
People from Sedan, Kansas
Su'a Kristopher Cravens (born July 7, 1995) is a former American football strong safety. He played college football at USC, and was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the second round of the 2016 NFL Draft.
Cravens played the linebacker position during his rookie year with the team, before moving full time to strong safety the following season. However, Cravens announced his decision to retire just before the season began, and was placed on the team's reserve list as a result. After undergoing treatment for post-concussion syndrome, Cravens later announced his intention to return to the Redskins, but was traded to the Broncos during the 2018 offseason.
High school career
Cravens attended Temecula Valley High School as a freshman in 2009. He then transferred to Vista Murrieta High School as a sophomore, where he had 90 tackles, eights sacks, five fumble recoveries and three forced fumbles. He earned Max Preps Sophomore All-American second team, Cal-Hi Sports All-State Sophomore first team, and All-Southwestern League first team honors.
In his junior year in 2011, Cravens played linebacker and defensive back on defense, as well as running back and wide receiver on offense. He was Max Preps All-American first team, ESPNHS.com All-American second team, Max Preps Junior All-American first team, ESPNHS.com Underclass All-American first team, along with other honors. For the year, he had 98 tackles, 11 sacks, three interceptions, six deflections, one fumble recovery and four forced fumbles on defense and also caught 20 passes for 239 yards (17.0 avg.) with four touchdowns and ran for 673 yards on 75 carries (9.0 avg.) with 15 touchdowns on offense, as Vista Murrieta went 14–0 and captured the CIF Inland Division title with a 35–28 win over perennial powerhouse Corona Centennial.
His 2012 senior season honors included USA Today All-USA Defensive Player of the Year, Parade All-American, Prep Star All-American Dream Team, and Max Preps All-American first team. Cravens compiled 97 tackles, eight sacks, three interceptions, four deflections, two fumble recoveries, four forced fumbles and three blocked punts on defense in 2012, and also caught 21 passes for 342 yards (16.3 avg.) and ran for 200 yards on 17 carries (11.8 avg.) with 14 total touchdowns on offense, helping lead Vista Murrieta to a 13–1 record. Their only loss came in the CIF Inland Division final against Corona Centennial.
Cravens also participated in track & field at Vista Murrieta, where he competed in jumps and posted a personal-best leap of 1.93 meters (six feet, four inches) in the high jump.
Recruiting
Regarded as a five-star recruit by Rivals.com, Cravens was listed as the No. 1 safety prospect in his class and the No. 12 prospect overall in the country. He played in the 2013 U.S. Army All-American Bowl. Cravens chose the Trojans over offers from nearly every BCS program in the nation, including Michigan, Nebraska and Ohio State. Cravens became the Trojans' eighth commitment for the 2013 class and the fifth five-star rated recruit in a class featuring quarterback Max Browne, defensive lineman Kenny Bigelow and running backs Ty Isaac and Justin Davis. He enrolled at USC in the spring of 2013 after graduating a semester early from high school.
College career
Freshman year
Cravens started at strong safety as a first-year freshman and made quite an impact. Overall in 2013, while appearing in and starting 13 games (he suffered a groin injury against Utah and missed the Oregon State game), he had 52 tackles, including 1.5 for losses of four yards, plus four interceptions for 54 yards (13.5 avg), one deflection, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery. He also returned a kickoff for 33 yards and a punt for one yard. He made the 2013 Sporting News Freshman All-American first team, Athlon Freshman All-American first team, Phil Steele Freshman All-American first team, CollegeFootballNews.com Freshman All-American first team and 247Sports.com True Freshman All-American second team. He was also an All-Pac-12 honorable mention. He missed the last half of spring practice after having surgery for a torn cartilage in his knee.
Sophomore year
Cravens returned as a starter for his sophomore year in 2014. He was asked to play a hybrid strong safety/strongside outside linebacker spot. Starting all 13 games for the second consecutive season, he compiled 68 tackles, including a team-best 17 for losses (more than any defensive back in the nation), five sacks, nine deflections and a team-best three interceptions (he returned one of them 31 yards for a touchdown). His 17 tackles for loss in 2014 were the most by a non-defensive lineman at USC since linebacker Markus Steele had 17 in 2000. For his season efforts, he was named to the All-American third team by the Associated Press (AP) and Athlon, fourth team All-American by Phil Steele and was an SI.com All-American honorable mention, as well as CollegeFootballNews.com Sophomore All-American first team. He made the 2014 All-Pac-12 first team, as well as the Athlon All-Pac-12 first team, Phil Steele All-Pac-12 first team and CollegeSportsMadness.com All-Pac-12 first team. He won USC's Defensive Perimeter Player of the Year Award. Against Oregon State in Week 4, he returned an interception 31 yards for a touchdown to open the scoring against the Beavers and also had a team-best six tackles, including two for losses (with his first career sack) to earn Chuck Bednarik National Defensive Player of the Week honors.
Junior year
Cravens returned for his third year as a starter, again playing strongside outside linebacker (a hybrid safety-linebacker role) as a junior in 2015. Cravens are as a semifinalist for the Bednarik and Butkus awards after starting all 14 games as a 20-year-old team captain. He posted 86 tackles (46 solo), eight passes defensed, five sacks, two interceptions and two forced fumbles his junior season. After completing his junior season at the University of Southern California in 2015, he opted to forgo his final year of eligibility and enter the 2016 NFL draft. Cravens started 40 games for the Trojans and recorded 206 tackles (133 solo, 33.5 for a loss), 25 passes defensed, 10 sacks, nine interceptions (one returned for a touchdown) and three forced fumbles during his collegiate career. He earned first-team All-Pac-12 Conference honors at two different positions (defensive back - 2014, linebacker - 2015).
Career statistics
Source:
Professional career
Upon entering the draft, Cravens was projected in the NFL as a hybrid linebacker-safety, being compared to the Arizona Cardinals' Deone Bucannon.
Washington Redskins
The Washington Redskins selected Cravens in the second round (53rd overall) in the 2016 NFL Draft. Shortly after being drafted, the Redskins listed him as a safety on their roster. It was also announced that he would wear the No. 36 as his jersey number due to him being a fan of the former Redskins safety, Sean Taylor, who wore the same number as a rookie. On May 9, 2016, Cravens signed a four-year, 4.43 million contract with the team. During offseason practices and training camp, Cravens played a majority of snaps from the inside linebacker position. Cravens appeared in 11 games, with three starts, in 2016, posting 33 tackles (23 solo), one sack, one interception, five passes defensed and one special-teams stop. He started two games at safety and one at linebacker. Cravens missed the final three games of the season with an injury. In a game against the New York Giants in September 2016, Cravens made a game-clinching interception of Eli Manning to help the Redskins win their first game of the season.
Cravens are projected to be the team's starting strong safety for the 2017 season. A week before the season opener against the Philadelphia Eagles, Cravens informed the team of his decision to retire. The announcement led to Redskins team president Bruce Allen convincing him to postpone it, and placed him on the team's exempt list, which was done in an effort to give him additional time to fix any personal issues that may have led to the decision. Two weeks later, the team placed him on the reserve/left squad list, foregoing any chance of him playing for the team in 2017. That December, Cravens was medically cleared to return after undergoing treatment and rehabilitation from post-concussion syndrome. Two months later, he was reinstated by the league.
Denver Broncos
On March 28, 2018, Cravens was traded to the Denver Broncos for a fifth round pick, along with a swap of fourth and fifth round draft picks in the 2018 NFL Draft. He was placed on injured reserve on September 2, 2018 due to issues with his knee, but was activated back to the active roster on November 2, 2018. On August 30, 2019, Cravens was released as part of the final roster cuts.
Personal life
Cravens is the son of Kevin and Yolanda Cravens. His older sister, Malia, was on the women's basketball team at Hawaii in 2012 before transferring to USC, where she was briefly on the 2013 Women of Troy basketball team as a guard before joining the track team as a high jumper. His older brother, Siaki, was a defensive lineman at Hawaii who previously played at Utah. His grandfather, Jack Cravens, played basketball and baseball at Brigham Young from 1957 to 1959. His cousins, Jordan and Brynn Cameron, played football (2008–2010) and women's basketball (2005–2009), respectively, at USC; Jordan also played men's basketball at USC in 2008 and BYU in 2007 and played as a tight end for the NFL's Cleveland Browns and Miami Dolphins. Another cousin, Colby Cameron, was a quarterback at Louisiana Tech (2009–2012) before signing with the NFL's Carolina Panthers.
With family roots from Samoa, Cravens is a distant cousin of former Notre Dame Fighting Irish linebacker Manti Te'o. His mother is second cousins with former Arizona State and NFL safety David Fulcher. His uncle is married to Kyle Whittingham's sister.
References
External links
USC Trojans bio
Washington Redskins bio
1995 births
Living people
People from Murrieta, California
American football safeties
American football linebackers
American sportspeople of Samoan descent
Sportspeople from Riverside County, California
USC Trojans football players
Players of American football from Los Angeles
Washington Redskins players
Denver Broncos players
Baoding People's Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 保定市人民体育场) is a multi-use stadium in Baoding, Hebei province, China. It was currently used mostly for football matches and held 13,000 people. After the renovation from 2013 to 2014, the stadium is mainly used for public exercise. The east, north and south stands were torn down with only the west stand kept, reducing the capacity to around 3,000.
Footnotes
Football venues in China
Sports venues in Hebei
Guybon Damant Atherstone M. Inst. C.E. AKC (1843 - 1912), South African railway engineer.
Education
Atherstone was the son of William Guybon Atherstone (medical practitioner, naturalist, geologist and MP) and was born in Grahamstown on 20 June 1843, he attended St. Andrew's College, Grahamstown and King's College London where he qualified as a civil engineer.
Railway engineering
Atherstone was employed at the Cape Government Railways as an engineer from 1873 to 1896 during which he built the railway line between Alicedale and Grahamstown. The house in which he lived during the construction is adjacent to a stone arch railway bridge which he built. On completion of the railway project Atherstone's house was converted into an Anglican church, St. Cyprians Anglican Church, which was dedicated on 29 November 1893. This church is part of the Diocese of Grahamstown and is located at . Atherstone is also remembered in the naming of the Atherstone railway siding on that line, the siding is located at .
See also
Notes and references
1843 births
1912 deaths
Alumni of St. Andrew's College, Grahamstown
Alumni of King's College London
Associates of King's College
19th-century South African engineers
South African civil engineers
Railway civil engineers
People from Makhanda, Eastern Cape
James Nemo Bradby (October 4, 1929 – March 24, 1968) was an American law enforcement officer. In 1967, he was elected as the first African-American sheriff in the state of Virginia since the Reconstruction Era. He died by suicide fewer than three months later.
Bradby was born in Charles City, Virginia, shortly before the onset of the Great Depression. He was the third-born child and second son of Samuel Bradby, a farmhand, and Arnella Cotman, who had at least six children.
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 outlawed a number of devices that segregationist Southern state governments had used since the Jim Crow Era to disenfranchise African Americans. For the first time since Reconstruction, African Americans were able to visit the polls in large numbers, giving their own candidates a chance at office. Charles City County was 75% African American, and on November 7, 1967, the county elected an African American sheriff (Bradby) and county clerk (Iona W. Adkins) for the first time in Virginia's modern history. Bradby ran as an independent and defeated M.D. Lampkin, a Democrat who had served as sheriff for 43 years, longer than Bradby's own lifetime. Bradby and Adkins took office on January 1, 1968.
At the time, Bradby was one of only two African American sheriffs in the entire United States. Friends reported that Bradby felt intense pressure to represent his race in his new position, and became despondent at what he saw as his failure to live up to the challenge. On Sunday, March 24, 1968, he left his home and died by suicide by carbon monoxide poisoning, running a hose from his tailpipe into his car. He was 38 years old. The possibility of foul play was ruled out by the lack of marks on his body, the fact that the hose and masking tape he had used to seal the car came from his own garage, the fact that the car was tightly sealed from the inside, and by the lack of Ku Klux Klan activity in the mostly African-American county.
Bradby was remembered as a conscientious and well-liked sheriff despite the brevity of his tenure, including by his predecessor M.D. Lampkin. One newspaper described him as "a symbol to members of his race of their increasing political strength in the South".
References
External links
1929 births
1968 suicides
Virginia sheriffs
People from Charles City County, Virginia
Suicides by carbon monoxide poisoning
Suicides in Virginia
African-American sheriffs
20th-century African-American people
Hilltop Manor is an historic apartment complex located in Bladensburg, Prince George's County, Maryland. The complex consists of eight brick garden apartment buildings, each of which is divided into two to six units or sections, constructed in 1942 and 1943.
The structures exhibit characteristics of both the Colonial Revival and Moderne style, reflecting an architectural transition between the traditional elements of the Colonial Revival style and the streamlined features of the Moderne style.
The complex consists of 150 apartments interspersed among eight buildings with 32 units. Each unit contains between four and eight apartments, with the exception of one unit, 5210 53rd Place, which consists of only three apartments. In all, there are five apartment layouts with varying numbers of bedrooms. The majority of the apartments (122) have one bedroom. The remaining apartments consist of two-bedroom apartments; there is one three-bedroom basement apartment. The five basic apartment types, excluding the one three-bedroom apartment, consist of one-bedroom apartments with eat-in kitchens; one-bedroom apartments with separate dining rooms; L-shaped one-bedroom apartments; two-bedroom apartments; and duplex apartments. Despite minor renovations, the interior configurations of the apartments have remained intact.
It was one of the first garden-apartment complexes constructed in the county as a result of the population increase of the Washington metropolitan area during World War II. Hilltop Manor was financed under Section 608 Title VI of the National Housing Act, the primary vehicle for World War II Defense Housing and Federal Housing Administration (FHA) financing. Thus, Hilltop Manor, intended as permanent housing, illustrates the size, scale, and design of garden-apartment complexes constructed during World War II, which was often characterized by temporary housing developments. Hilltop Manor, surrounded by the established streetcar suburb of Defense Heights and adjacent to the new Bladensburg Elementary School, was an alternative to the single-family dwellings in the area and was ideal for young middle-class families. Its location along Defense Highway, which opened in 1927, heightened convenience to Washington, D.C. It is one of the first garden-apartment complexes designed by accomplished local architects Ross & Walton.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
References
External links
, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Apartment buildings in Maryland
Buildings and structures in Prince George's County, Maryland
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Colonial Revival architecture in Maryland
Moderne architecture in Maryland
Residential buildings completed in 1943
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Bladensburg, Maryland
Benny Shanon (; born 1948) is an emeriti professor of psychology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and holds the Mandel Chair in cognitive psychology and education. Born in Tel Aviv, Shanon studied philosophy and linguistics at Tel Aviv University and received his doctorate in experimental psychology from Stanford University. He is best known for the Biblical entheogen hypothesis, the idea that the use of hallucinogenic drugs influenced religion.
Work
Shanon is the author of the 2002 book Antipodes of the Mind: Charting the Phenomenology of the Ayahuasca Experience published by Oxford University Press. In this work, Shanon provides a rough cartography of the visions and non-visual effects ayahuasca can induce. He writes that he had consumed ayahuasca himself several hundred times and gathered a corpus of empirical data from published literature, structured and unstructured interviews he conducted and his personal experience. In total the corpus comprises some 2,500 ayahuasca experiences.
Biblical entheogen hypothesis
Shanon's controversial theory that the patriarch Moses was under the influence of hallucinogens when he received the law, is referred to as the Biblical entheogen hypothesis. His paper, Biblical Entheogens: a Speculative Hypothesis details parallels between the effects induced by the psychedelic brew ayahuasca, and the Bible's account of the life of Moses. In particular, he draws attention to five specific episodes of Moses' life that he believes exhibit patterns very similar to the experience encountered by those under the influence of ayahuasca:
Moses' vision of the burning bush
When rods belonging to Moses' brother Aaron, and the Pharaoh's sorcerers, are transformed into serpents.
The theophany at Mount Sinai, when Moses is given the Ten Commandments.
, when Moses asks to see God, but God tells him that he'll cover Moses with his hand so he can see only his back, not his face, "for there shall no man see Me and live."
The shining appearance of Moses' face when he brings back the Ten Commandments on his second return from the Mount. ()
Encountering the Divine, altered perception of time, synaesthesia, fear of impending death, and visions of fire, serpents, light perceived as God, and entities whose faces aren't visible, are all experiences that Shanon has found to be common after ingesting ayahuasca, and most are "especially symptomatic" of ayahuasca. It is these experiences, among others, that Shanon parallels with the above events of Moses' life. He also makes note of the similarities between the three-day purification before the Ten Commandments were revealed and the traditional contexts of ayahuasca use; the "shining" appearance of people after taking ayahuasca with Moses' appearance after returning the second time from the Mount; as well as the responsiveness of the ayahuasca experience to certain personality traits that Moses possessed. He further corroborates his hypothesis with botanical and ethnobotanical information, linguistic considerations, exegesis of Talmudic and mystical Jewish texts, as well as data on the effects of a substance analogous to ayahuasca. Shannon states that his hypothesis is "admittedly speculative". He concludes by saying:
Taken together, the botanical and anthropological data on the one hand, and the biblical descriptions as well as later Jewish hermeneutics on the other, are, I propose, suggestive of a biblical entheogenic connection. Admittedly, the smoking gun is not available to us. However, so many clues present themselves which, like the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, seem to cohere into an intriguing unified whole. I leave it to the reader to pass his or her judgment.
See also
John Marco Allegro
References
External links
Benny Shanon's Hebrew University faculty page
1948 births
Cognitive scientists
Israeli Jews
Israeli psychologists
People from Tel Aviv
Psychedelic drug advocates
Tel Aviv University alumni
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
Psychedelic drug researchers
Living people
Beyler is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
State Street Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 28 contributing buildings in the central business district of Hammond. It developed between about 1885 and 1946, and includes notable example of Commercial, Classical Revival, Late Gothic Revival, and Art Deco style architecture. Notable buildings include the L. Fish Building (1927), Federal Building (1939), Lincoln Hotel (1923), Seifer Building (1925), and the Henderson Building (1902).
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Neoclassical architecture in Indiana
Gothic Revival architecture in Indiana
Art Deco architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
The scaled piculet (Picumnus squamulatus) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and heavily degraded former forest. This bird was first described by the French naturalist Frédéric de Lafresnaye in 1854; five subspecies are recognised.
Description
The scaled piculet grows to a length of . The plumage is mottled, the scaled effect coming about because the feathers have pale-coloured bands and darker tips. The crown and nape are black, the male having some red speckling at the front of the crown; the female lacks this red colouration, but otherwise, the sexes are similar. The mantle and back are olive or tan and are scaled, the flight feathers and tail feathers are brown, the two central tail feathers having white tips. The underparts and flanks are boldly scaled in black and brown while the belly is more lightly scaled. The beak is blackish, the legs and feet are greyish-olive and the iris brown. The song is a thin, high-pitched series of notes, “chi-chi-ch'e'e'chi”, gradually descending in pitch. This bird can be confused with the white-bellied piculet.
Distribution and habitat
The scaled piculet is native to northern South America, where its range includes much of Colombia and Venezuela at altitudes up to . It mainly inhabits tropical and gallery forests, as well as the edges of deciduous woodland. It is also found in more open countryside and farmland with isolated trees, in parks and in gardens, especially locations with vines and tangled undergrowth. It seems to be extending its range southwards, perhaps in response to forest clearance and the growth of suitable secondary forest.
Behaviour
This bird usually forages alone or in pairs, searching for small invertebrates in the undergrowth, among vines, on twigs, in saplings and in small trees. Breeding seems to take place between April and June in Venezuela, and birds in breeding condition have been seen there in September, and in January and October in Colombia.
Status
The scaled piculet has a wide range and its population seems to be stable. It does not seem to be facing any particular threats, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern. It is possibly a fairly common bird, but may be overlooked because of its unobtrusive behaviour.
References
scaled piculet
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
scaled piculet
William Maxwell may refer to:
Arts
William Maxwell (engraver) (c. 1766–1809), printer of the Sentinel of the Northwest Territory newspaper in Cincinnati, Ohio
W. B. Maxwell (William Babington Maxwell, 1866–1938), British novelist
William Hamilton Maxwell (1792–1850), Scots-Irish novelist
William James Maxwell (1843–1903), Scottish-born sculptor in Australia
William Keepers Maxwell Jr. (1908–2000), American editor and writer
Education
William Maxwell (educator) (1784–1857), seventh President of Hampden–Sydney College
William Henry Maxwell (1852–1920), superintendent of public schools in New York City
Medicine
William Maxwell (physician) (1581–1641), Scottish physician
Military
William Maxwell (Continental Army general) (1733–1796), Irish-born American soldier from New Jersey in the American Revolutionary War
William C. Maxwell (1892–1920), American pilot in the United States Air Force
Politics and administration
Sir William Maxwell, 5th Baronet, of Monreith, British MP for Wigtownshire, 1805–1812 and 1822–1830
William Maxwell (Australian politician) (1867–1921), gold miner and member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
William Maxwell (co-operator) (1841–1929), Scottish co-operative activist
William Maxwell (railroad executive) (1794–1856), American business executive and politician, president of the Erie Railroad 1842–1843
William Edward Maxwell, British colonial official, governor of the Gold Coast
George Maxwell (administrator) (William George Maxwell, 1871–1959), British naturalist and colonial administrator in British Malaya and Straits Settlements
William Herries Maxwell (1852–1933), British MP for Dumfriesshire, 1892–1895 and 1900–1906
William John Maxwell, 18th Naval Governor of Guam
Sports
William Maxwell (footballer) (1876–1940), Scottish footballer, manager of the Belgian national football team
Bill Maxwell (1882–1917), Australian rules footballer
Other
William Maxwell, 5th Earl of Nithsdale (1676–1744), Catholic nobleman
William Maxwell (journalist) (died 1928), British journalist, soldier, writer and civil servant
William Sutherland Maxwell (1874–1952), Canadian architect and a Hand of the Cause in the Bahá'í Faith
See also
Billy Maxwell (born 1929), American golfer
Charles William Maxwell (1775–1848), governor of the British crown colony of Sierra Leone 1811–1815
Willie Maxwell, birth name of American rapper Fetty Wap
Sarah Pagano (born July 23, 1991) is an American long-distance runner. She is referred to as "Spags" by friends and teammates.
Pagano began running competitively at Immaculate Heart Academy, where she won multiple state titles in both indoor and outdoor competition.
Professional
Pagano competed for Team USA at IAAF World Cross Country Championships in Kampala, Uganda. At the 2017 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, she competed at 2017 IAAF World Cross Country Championships to 30th place in 35:18 and 2018 NACAC Championships 4th place over 10,000 meters.
Sarah Pagano represented Team USA for the 7th time at 2019 Pan American Games.
NCAA
High school
A resident of Ringwood, New Jersey who attended Immaculate Heart Academy,
Sarah Pagano earned all-county honors in 2009.
Pagano won the NJSIAA State Girls Cross Country Championships Non Public A Group in 2007 in 19:20 and 2008 in 19:11, respectively.
Pagano won 2008 New Jersey Non Public A 1600 and 3200 meters races.
References
External links
Sarah Pagano Twitter Profile
Sarah Pagano Instagram Profile
Sarah Pagano All-Athletics Profile
Sarah Pagano profile Association of Road Racing Statisticians
Sarah Pagano profile Boston Athletic Association
1991 births
Living people
American female long-distance runners
American female middle-distance runners
Immaculate Heart Academy alumni
Syracuse Orange women's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
People from Ringwood, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Passaic County, New Jersey
Track and field athletes from New Jersey
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games track and field athletes for the United States
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Joe Skubitz (May 6, 1906 – September 11, 2000) was an American politician and U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Early life
Skubitz was born in Frontenac, Crawford County, Kansas; his parents were immigrants from Slovenia. He attended grade school in Ringo, Kansas, and high schools in Girard and Frontenac, Kansas.
After high school he attended Kansas Teachers College of Pittsburg (now Pittsburg State University), receiving a B.S. in 1929 and an M.S. in 1934. He attended law school at Washburn University, Topeka, Kansas, in 1938, and graduated from the law school of George Washington University, Washington, D.C., earning an LL.B. in 1944. He was admitted to the bar in 1944 and commenced practice in Kansas and the District of Columbia.
Skubitz served as administrative assistant to U.S. Senator Clyde M. Reed from 1939 to 1949, and to U.S. Senator Andrew F. Schoeppel from 1949 to 1962. He served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1960.
He was elected as a Republican to the Eighty-eighth through the Ninety-fifth Congresses and served from January 3, 1963, until his resignation December 31, 1978. He did not seek renomination in 1978.
Skubitz died in Wichita, Sedgwick County, Kansas, on September 11, 2000. He was interred at Old Mission Cemetery, Wichita, Kansas.
References
1906 births
2000 deaths
People from Frontenac, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
George Washington University Law School alumni
Pittsburg State University alumni
Washburn University alumni
Kansas lawyers
American people of Slovenian descent
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American politicians
The Inco strike of 1978 (locally referred to as the Sudbury Strike of 1978) was a strike by workers at Inco's operations in Sudbury, Ontario, which lasted from 15 September 1978 until 7 June 1979. It was the longest strike in Inco or Sudbury history until the strike of 2009–10, and at the time broke the record for the longest strike in Canada. It has been noted as one of the most important labour disputes in Canadian history.
Overview
The conflict was caused by proposed layoffs and cuts to pay and benefits by Inco management, with low nickel prices as a justification.
Around 11,600 workers were involved in the strike, which affected the wages sustaining 43,000 people, or about 26% of the population of metropolitan Sudbury. By the end of the strike, the company had been starved of over twenty-two million hours of labour, smashing records for the longest strike in both Canadian and Inco history.
Community support for the union was strong, with local politicians such as future mayor and then-Member of Parliament John Rodriguez as well as other New Democrats vocally supporting the strikers. A major role was played by women's support committees, which had also existed during the 1958 strike.
Aftermath
The role of women in the community during the strike was profiled in the 1980 documentary film A Wives' Tale (Une histoire de femmes).
Concessions won as a result of the strike included Inco's "thirty-and-out" policy, whereby workers with thirty years at the company could retire with a full pension, regardless of age. As well, most miners received a dollar an hour wage increase.
A study on alcohol consumption showed that over 35% of strikers and over 40% of their wives reportedly stopped drinking alcohol or drank dramatically less during the course of the strike, while a small minority drank much more, hypothesized as being stress-induced. Overall, alcohol sales declined by 10% during the strike as compared to the previous winter, likely due to economic reasons.
This effect was mirrored in the rest of the local economy, which was catastrophically affected. This would later play a critical role in spurring new economic development efforts in the city into the 1980s and 1990s; when a longer strike hit the same operations, now owned by Vale, in 2009, the action had a much more modest effect on the city's economy than the 1978 strike, with the local rate of unemployment declining slightly during the strike.
See also
Timeline of labour in Greater Sudbury
References
1978 labor disputes and strikes
1979 labor disputes and strikes
History of Greater Sudbury
Economy of Greater Sudbury
1978 in Ontario
Labour disputes in Ontario
Miners' labor disputes
Labor disputes led by the United Steelworkers
1979 in Ontario
Diana Davies (born 20 July 1936 in Manchester, Lancashire) is an English actress, best known for playing roles in two long-running ITV soap operas; Norma Ford in Coronation Street and Caroline Bates in Emmerdale Farm between 1984 and 1999.
Career
Amongst her roles prior to becoming a regular in Emmerdale Farm, Davies portrayed three different characters in the retrospective educational drama How We Used To Live between 1969 and 1981; her characters being Mama (1969), Alice Boothroyd (1976) and Mabel Hodgkins (1981). She also appeared in The Liver Birds as Jenny.
Personal life
Davies divorced her husband, Peter, in 1979, with whom she had a son.
She moved to Torquay in 2004 to live with her sister.
References
External links
English soap opera actresses
Actresses from Manchester
1936 births
Living people
Boskone is an annual science fiction convention ("con") run by the New England Science Fiction Association (NESFA) in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. In the words of the convention organizers, "Boskone is a regional Science Fiction convention focusing on literature, art, music, and gaming (with just a dash of whimsy)". It is held every February, in Boston. The name is a reference to the Lensman series by E. E. Smith, in which "Boskone" is a council of villains, and also a name for their civilization. The obvious name for a con in Boston would, of course, be "Boscon"; the similarity was noticed and embraced. Continuing the trend, when a new Boston-area convention was formed, the organizers of that event named it "Arisia".
History
Boskone I was held in 1941 under the auspices of The Stranger Club, an earlier Boston-based SF club. Four more were held annually, ending with Boskone V in 1945. The current series of Boskones started in 1965 with Boskone I again (still using Roman numerals until Boskone XXVIII and then using Arabic numerals beginning with Boskone 29) and continued without interruption to the present. Boskones 1, 2, and 4 were run by BosSFS, the now-defunct Boston Science Fiction Society. The then-newly formed NESFA took over with Boskone 5. The tradition of holding Boskone in February started in 1976.
In the 1980s, Boskone exploded in popularity—gaining a reputation as the "Winter Worldcon," and surpassing the attendance of the World Science Fiction Convention in both 1985 and 1987—peaking at an attendance of 4200 for Boskone XXIV in 1987. Seeking to pull back to a more modest convention, the organizers deemphasized movie and media-related activities and moved Boskone out of Boston to Springfield for five years and then to Framingham. The convention would not return to Boston until 2003, and has yet to again exceed 1400 attendees.
Boskone typically features a guest of honor, an official artist, a science speaker, a featured filker, and a special guest. Boskone 48, held February 18–20, 2011, at the Westin Waterfront, featured Charles Stross as guest of honor, Gregory Manchess as official artist, Erica Neely as featured filker, and Charlaine Harris as special guest. NESFA guests include Karen Anderson and Joan Slonczewski as the Hal Clement Science Speaker. The Higgins Armory Museum and other Historical European martial arts groups have held demonstrations and classes.
See also
Science fiction fandom
References
External links
NESFA Press
"The Rise and Fall of the Giant Boskones" by Mark L. Olson
Science fiction conventions in the United States
Culture of Boston
Recurring events established in 1941
1941 establishments in Massachusetts
Conventions in Massachusetts
Albert Geldard (11 April 1914 – 19 October 1989) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside right for Bradford Park Avenue, Everton, Bolton Wanderers and Darwen. At Everton he won the FA Cup Final in 1933. He made four appearances for England during 1933–1937. At Bradford Park Avenue; he became known as the youngest player to appear in the Football League, a distinction shared jointly with Ken Roberts until Reuben Noble-Lazarus took the record in 2008.
Playing career
Bradford Park Avenue
Geldard was born at Bradford, Yorkshire and played his youth football with Bradford Schools and Manningham Mills. Magic was one of Geldard's hobbies, with toffeeweb referring to the winger as "a real wizard, both on and off the pitch. His hobbies included magic tricks and he was one of the trickiest right wingers ever seen: he was devastatingly fast and he had a trick-bag that seemingly never ran out." He joined Bradford Park Avenue as a professional in 1928.
His debut came at The Den on 16 September 1929 against Millwall to become the youngest player to appear in the Football League at just 15 years and 158 days old. He left Bradford Park Avenue having scored six goals in 34 games; signing for Everton on 14 November 1932 for a then record fee of £4,000.
Everton
Joining Everton, his debut came against Middlesbrough where he scored a goal. Geldard formed a duet with striker Tommy Lawton, by producing good crosses for him to head home. Tony Matthews described Geldard as; "Geldard was a slippery customer who possessed an exceptional turn of speed, could shoot with both feet and enjoyed taking on opponents, either on the outside or inside." Taking part in the cup-tie of the century on 30 January 1935, Geldard scored two goals to help Everton progress into the fifth round of the 1935 FA Cup after the 6–4 defeat of Sunderland.
Geldard was part of the Everton side that won the 1933 FA Cup Final with a 3–0 win over Manchester City at Wembley with goals from Jimmy Stein, Dixie Dean and James Dunn; with Geldard crossing in for the third goal. Tommy Lawton was disappointed at the trade of Geldard saying; "He was the fastest thing on two legs over ten yards. We had other wingers like Torry Gillick, Wally Boyes and Jimmy Caskie, but Albert had played for England only the season before, when he'd kept Stan Matthews out of the team. I thought we'd miss him." In total Geldard had made 140 appearances for Everton scoring 38 goals.
Bolton Wanderers
Bolton Wanderers signed Geldard for £4,500 in July 1938, and his debut came against Charlton Athletic on 27 August 1938 and scored his first goal for The Trotters on 18 February 1939 against his former club Everton. He enlisted in the 53rd (Bolton) Field Regiment, Royal Artillery, in May 1939 to fight in the Second World War along with 14 of his Bolton teammates.
Darwen
He returned from the war with an agreement with Bolton for him to play on semi professional terms for Darwen and played a few games for the Lancashire-based club, after World War II, Geldard returned to play for Bolton in 1946 and played nine games scoring a single goal, but was forced to retire from football after a knee injury in 1947.
International career
He made his debut for England on 13 May 1933 at the age of 19 against Italy in a 1–1 draw at Stadio Nazionale PNF, making him the 10th youngest player to ever appear for England; at this time he was playing at Everton, going onto make four appearances for England in total in games against; Switzerland, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
International appearances
References
External links
England profile
1914 births
1989 deaths
Footballers from Bradford
Association football outside forwards
English footballers
England international footballers
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Everton F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Darwen F.C. players
English Football League players
English Football League representative players
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery soldiers
FA Cup Final players
Nina Fry is an English actress who played Robyn Stone in Grange Hill from 1991 to 1996.
She has also appeared in Casualty and Spooks, where she was Nurse Jenny in episode 7, as well as playing Roxanne Duley in a 1997 TV show called So-Called Friends.
More recently she played a dance hall girl in Vera Drake. She has also played the recurring role of Amy in EastEnders in late 2005 and early 2006.
In 2012, Fry appeared in low budget British movie The String with Cy Chadwick. Fry's character is lapdancer and cocaine addict Toni.
References
External links
British soap opera actresses
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The intersex flag is a pride flag representing intersex individuals and the intersex community. It was created by Morgan Carpenter of Intersex Human Rights Australia in 2013.
History and design
The flag was created in July 2013 by Morgan Carpenter of Intersex Human Rights Australia (then known as Organisation Intersex International Australia) to create a flag "that is not derivative, but is yet firmly grounded in meaning". Yellow and purple were chosen as colours as they were viewed as free from gender associations and were historically used to represent intersex people. The circle is described as "unbroken and unornamented, symbolizing wholeness and completeness, and our potentialities."
The organization describes it as freely available "for use by any intersex person or organization who wishes to use it, in a human rights affirming community context".
In 2021, the intersex flag was incorporated into the Progress Pride version of the rainbow pride flag by Valentino Vecchietti of Intersex Equality Rights UK.
Usage
The flag has been utilised by a range of media and human rights organisations. In June 2018, intersex activists took part in Utrecht Canal Pride, waving the flag.
In May 2018, New Zealand became the first country where the intersex flag was raised outside the national parliament.
Gallery
See also
Intersex
Intersex human rights
References
Flag
Human gender and sexuality symbols
Flags introduced in 2013
LGBT flags
The Torture Garden () is a novel written by the French journalist, novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau, and was first published in 1899 during the Dreyfus affair. The novel is dedicated: "To the priests, the soldiers, the judges, to those people who educate, instruct and govern men, I dedicate these pages of Murder and Blood."
Plot summary
Published at the height of the Dreyfus affair, Mirbeau's novel is a loosely assembled reworking of texts composed at different eras, featuring different styles, and showcasing different characters. Beginning with material stemming from articles on the 'Law of Murder' discussed in the "Frontispiece" ("The Manuscript"), the novel continues with a farcical critique of French politics with "En Mission" ("The Mission"): a French politician's aide is sent on a pseudo-scientific expedition to China when his presence at home would be compromising. It then moves on to an account of a visit to a Cantonese prison by a narrator accompanied by the sadist and hysteric Clara, who delights in witnessing flayings, crucifixions and numerous tortures, all done in beautifully laid out and groomed gardens, and explaining the beauty of torture to her companion. Finally she attains hysterical orgasm and passes out in exhaustion, only to begin again a few days later.
Commentary
There is an allegory about the hypocrisy of European 'civilisation' and about the 'Law of Murder'. There is also a denunciation of bloody French and British colonialism and a ferocious attack on what Mirbeau saw as the corrupt morality of bourgeois capitalist society and the state, which he believed were based on murder.
But Mirbeau's multiple transgressions of the rules of verisimilitude and his disregard for novelistic convention confuse the issue of the novel's genre affiliation and leave open the question of the author's moral message, leaving the readers of today in a state of wonderment, perplexity, and shock.
Quotes
Woman possesses the cosmic force of an element, an invincible force of destruction, like nature's. She is, in herself alone, all nature! Being the matrix of life, she is by that very fact the matrix of death - since it is from death that life is perpetually reborn, and since to annihilate death would be to kill life at its only fertile source. ~"The Manuscript"
To take something from a person and keep it for oneself: that is robbery. To take something from one person and then turn it over to another in exchange for as much money as you can get: that is business. Robbery is so much more stupid, since it is satisfied with a single, frequently dangerous profit; whereas in business it can be doubled without danger. ~"The Mission," Chapter 2
There is only one trait which is irreparable in a statesman: honesty! Honesty is negative and sterile; it is ignorant of the correct evaluation of appetite and ambition - the only powers through which you can found anything durable. ~"The Mission," Chapter 3
You're obliged to pretend respect for people and institutions you think absurd. You live attached in a cowardly fashion to moral and social conventions you despise, condemn, and know lack all foundation. It is that permanent contradiction between your ideas and desires and all the dead formalities and vain pretenses of your civilization which makes you sad, troubled and unbalanced. In that intolerable conflict you lose all joy of life and all feeling of personality, because at every moment they suppress and restrain and check the free play of your powers. That's the poisoned and mortal wound of the civilized world. ~"The Mission," Chapter 8 (This passage is quoted in the liner notes of the 1994 Manic Street Preachers album The Holy Bible.)
Alas, the gates of life never swing open except upon death, never open except upon the palaces and gardens of death. And the universe appears to me like an immense, inexorable torture-garden. Blood everywhere and, where there is most life, horrible tormentors who dig your flesh, saw your bones, and retract your skin with sinister, joyful faces. ~"The Garden," Chapter 9
Ah, yes! the Torture Garden! Passions, appetites, greed, hatred, and lies; law, social institutions, justice, love, glory, heroism, and religion: these are its monstrous flowers and its hideous instruments of eternal human suffering. What I saw today, and what I heard, is no more than a symbol to me of the entire earth. I have vainly sought a respite in quietude and repose in death, and I can find them nowhere. ~"The Garden," Chapter 9
Translations
The first Spanish translation, by Ramon Sempau and C. Sos Gautreau, is of 1900 (El Jardín de los suplicios, Barcelona, Casa Editorial Maucci).
The book was translated into English and published in 1903.
The Italian translation of Jardin des supplices, by Decio Cinti, is of 1917 (Il Giardino dei supplizi, Milan, Sonzogno).
Film adaptation
A film version of The Torture Garden was released in 1976; it was directed by Christian Gion from a screenplay by French academic/novelist Pascal Lainé and starred Roger Van Hool, Jacqueline Kerry, Tony Taffin, Jean Rougeul, and Jean-Claude Carrière. In its native France, the film retained the title Le Jardin des supplices; it was released in the UK as The Garden of Torment. In January 2021, the UK-based independent DVD and Blu-ray distribution label Nucleus Films announced it was preparing a Blu-ray release of The Garden of Torment for 2021.
The 1967 British horror film Torture Garden is unrelated to Mirbeau's novel.
References
Robert Ziegler, "Something from nothing : regenerated narrative in Mirbeau's Le Jardin des supplices", The Romanic Review, November 1, 1994
External links
Octave Mirbeau, Le Jardin des supplices available at Éditions du Boucher
Pierre Michel's foreword.
Tom McCarthy, Introduction to The Torture Garden, Bookkake, 2007.
Robert Ziegler, « Utopianism and Perversion in Mirbeau's Le Jardin des supplices », 2004.
Translation and commentary of the rat torture scene in Le Jardin des supplices.
1899 French novels
Decadent literature
French erotic novels
Novels by Octave Mirbeau
Anarchist culture
BDSM literature
Roman Torn (born 17 April 1967 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1967 births
Living people
Canadian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Burnaby
