Thomas Hassall (29 May 1794 – 29 March 1868) was an Anglican clergyman and the first Australian candidate for ordination. Hassall opened the first Sunday School in Australia in 1813 in his father's house at Parramatta.
Early life
Thomas Hassall was born in Coventry, London, the eldest son of missionaries Rowland and Elizabeth Hassall. He sailed with them as a three-year-old to Tahiti aboard the ship Duff in 1796 with missionaries approved by the directors of the recently formed London Missionary Society. Fifteen months later the Hassall family with Thomas and younger brother Samuel, sailed to the newly founded settlement of New South Wales, arriving in Sydney on 14 May 1798 aboard Nautilus. The Hassall family settled in Parramatta during which time the missionary's eldest son, Thomas, came to the attention of the Reverend Samuel Marsden. Initially Thomas was employed as a clerk in the offices of Sydney merchant Robert Campbell and afterwards Captain James Birnie. However, Thomas Hassall gained success in establishing the first Sunday school in Australia for children in his father's house at Parramatta, and Marsden recommended the young man enter the ministry.
Sunday School Movement
Thomas Hassall opened up the family home on the corner of George and Charles Street Parramatta to Sunday school classes in May 1813, initially to a small group, including convict children. Thomas requested permission from Marsden to accommodate the school at St John's church Parramatta as numbers continued to grow. There were more than 200 children including Aboriginal children. Teachers included Thomas' father, Rowland Hassall, and Rev. Marsden's children Ann, Elizabeth and Charles Simeon Marsden. Thomas Hassall then formalised the Sunday school movement with “requirements and rules” established and printed for the guidance of teachers.
Training for the Ministry in Wales
Having resolved to enter the Ministry, Hassall sailed for England in the Kangaroo in 1817, to undergo his training, the first Australian candidate for ordination. Hassall studied at the Diocesan College, Lampeter, Wales under the direction of Principal Rev Dr. Williams. Hassall was ordained deacon by Dr Howley the Bishop of London on 15 April 1821, and ordained priest three months later by the Bishop of Ely in June 1821. Receiving his appointment as Colonial Chaplain, Hassall returned to NSW arriving in Sydney aboard the convict ship Mary in January 1822.
Life and Ministry in New South Wales
Parramatta
Thomas Hassall took up his position as Rev Marden's curate at St John's Parramatta, preaching his first Australian sermon there on 3 February 1822. He married Marden's eldest daughter Anne Marsden on 12 August 1822 and continued as his curate until 1824.
Port Macquarie
In June 1824 Hassall was appointed chaplain to the penal settlement of Port Macquarie. Rev Marsden corresponded with Governor Sir Thomas Brisbane encouraging the appointment
Bathurst
In 1826 Hassall was appointed to the Bathurst district. Living on his property Lampeter farm at O'Connell Plains he rode every Sunday to the town of Bathurst to hold Church services, returning in the evening to preach at ‘Salem Chapel' which he built in close proximity to his residence.
Cowpastures
In 1827 Hassall was appointed to the new parish of Cowpastures which he described as “Australia beyond Liverpool”. This was to be his centre of operations for the remainder of his life. At this time Hassall purchased Denbigh estate at Cobbitty which became his headquarters. Here be built Heber Chapel in 1828 which served for many years until St Paul's Cobbitty was established in 1842.
Hassall's extensive parish extended as far as Goulburn and Illawarra involving an exhaustive preaching ministry including Cobbitty, Berrima, Bong Bong and Goulburn. He was often referred to as the "galloping parson” and has been described as the first of Australia's ‘bush parsons'.
Gradually from 1838 onwards the large parish was reduced to a more manageable circuit, with Hassall being relieved of Goulburn and Mulgoa. Subdivided into dioceses and parishes, clergy were appointed and churches built.
Thomas Hassall died at Denbigh estate on 29 March 1868. He was survived by his wife, Anne Hassall, née Marsden (1794 – 18 June 1885)
See also
Eliza Marsden Hassall
London Missionary Society
Samuel Marsden
References
Further reading
External links
Australian Anglican priests
19th-century English Anglican priests
English emigrants to colonial Australia
History of education in Australia
Special Olympics Kosovo is a sporting organisation for children and adults with intellectual disabilities that operates in Kosovo. It is part of the global Special Olympics movement.
History
Special Olympics Kosovo was founded in 2002. Athletes from Kosovo first took part in the 2003 Special Olympics World Summer Games held in Dublin. This was the first time a team represented Kosovo at an international multisport event. Kosovo has participated in every Special Olympics World Summer Games since 2003 and Special Olympics World Winter Games since 2013.
Official sports
Special Olympics Kosovo offers programs in the following sports:
Summer
Athletics
Basketball
Bocce
Boccia
Rhythmic Gymnastics
Winter
Alpine Skiing
Kosovo at the Special Olympics World Games
Athletes representing Kosovo have participated in the Special Olympics World Games since 2003.
Summer
Source:
Winter
Source:
See also
Sport in Kosovo
Membership of Kosovo in international sports federations
References
External links
Official website
Kosovo profile at the Special Olympics official website
Sports governing bodies in Kosovo
Kosovo at multi-sport events
Special Olympics
Parasports organizations
Panopeus lacustris, the knot-fingered mud crab, is a true crab belonging to the infraorder Brachyura. It can be distinguished from related species by its exceptionally broad and knobbly main chela (claw).
Description
The knot-fingered mud crab is a small crab with unequal-sized chelae. The larger one is particularly broad and has teeth in the "molar area" and an immobile finger. Often this claw is worn and coalesced. The carapace and upper side of the limbs are a dull mottled reddish colour while the undersides of the body and limbs are whitish. Individuals living in caves are paler in colour and have antennules with white spots.
Distribution and habitat
The knot-fingered mud crab is native to the subtropical western Atlantic Ocean, its range including southern Florida, Bermuda, the Caribbean Sea, the West Indies, and along the coast of South America as far south as Cabo Frio in Brazil. It was introduced into Hawaii in the 1950s and has also been present on the Pacific Coast of California since the 1980s or earlier.
Ecology
This crab is sometimes parasitised by Loxothylacus panopaei, a species of parasitic barnacle that develops inside a host crab, manipulating the behaviour of the crab so that it cares for the barnacle's eggs, carrying them around and brooding them under its abdomen as if they were its own young. In fact, both male and female crabs are prevented from breeding and effectively castrated by the parasitic barnacle. Other mud crabs also act as hosts to the barnacle, but it was as a parasite of the knot-fingered mud crab that it was first described in 1884, the type locality being Tampa, Florida.
References
Xanthoidea
Crustaceans of the Atlantic Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1867
Phlebiella is a genus of crust fungi in the order Polyporales.
Description
Phlebiella species are characterized by pleurobasidia and a lack of cystidia in the hymenium. The genus is otherwise quite variable morphologically; for example, spores range from allantoid (sausage-shaped) to spherical, the surface ornamentation ranges from warted to smooth, and reaction with Melzer's reagent can be amyloid or inamyloid.
Taxonomy
Phlebiella was circumscribed by mycologist Petter Adolf Karsten in 1890. It was pointed out later by Marinus Anton Donk that Karsten did not publish the genus validly, as he did not include a give a generic description. Some authorities have placed Phlebiella in synonymy with Xenasmatella, and the type species, Phlebiella vaga, is placed in this latter genus as Xenasmatella vaga.
Species
Phlebiella argilodes (Bourdot & Galzin) Bondartsev & Singer (1953)
Phlebiella athelioidea N.Maek. (1993) – Japan
Phlebiella californica (Liberta) K.H.Larss. & Hjortstam (1987)
Phlebiella christiansenii (Parmasto) K.H.Larss. & Hjortstam (1987)
Phlebiella fibrillosa (Hallenb.) K.H.Larss. & Hjortstam (1987)
Phlebiella gaspesica (Liberta) K.H.Larss. & Hjortstam (1987)
Phlebiella inopinata (H.S.Jacks.) K.H.Larss. & Hjortstam (1987)
Phlebiella odontioidea (Ryvarden & Liberta) Domański (1991)
Phlebiella paludicola Hjortstam & P.Roberts (1995)
References
Polyporales
Polyporales genera
Taxa named by Petter Adolf Karsten
Taxa described in 1890
Hato Puerco is a barrio in the municipality of Villalba, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,764.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Hato Puerco Abajo barrio was 991.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Hato Puerco Abajo barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Villalba, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Villalba, Puerto Rico
Worldticketshop is a ticket resale company founded in 2006 with over 40 staff. Worldticketshop is bootstrapped and privately owned. The company was founded by Sebastian Monteban, in 2006.
It is also a founding member of the EU Secondary Ticketing Association, and backer of EU Ticket News Europe's first business-to-business publication covering both the primary and secondary ticketing industries.
Awards and recognition
Worldticketshop was honored in the Netherlands for its fast rate of growth for mid-sized companies in the Netherlands at the Financial Dagblad Gazellen Awards in November 2009. They placed ninth overall in the country. The FD Gazellen Awards are awarded to companies that demonstrate a turnover growth of at least 20 percent over three consecutive years, Worldticketshop grew 527%.
In September 2009 and August 2010 Worldticketshop was listed in Twinkle Magazines' 100 largest Dutch e-commerce companies
In 2010 CEO Sebastian Monteban was named in the top 25 internet marketers in The Netherlands in 2010 in Emerce Magazine.
References
External links
Worldticketshop Global home page
Online retailers of the Netherlands
Ticket sales companies
Dutch companies established in 2006
Retail companies established in 2006
Internet properties established in 2006
Companies based in Groningen (province)
The Department of Corrections (, ) is an agency of the Thai Ministry of Justice. Its mission is to keep prisoners in custody and rehabilitate them. Its headquarters is in Suanyai Sub-district, Mueang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi Province. , Police Colonel Suchart Wongananchai is director-general of the department. Its FY2019 budget was 13,430 million baht.
Prisons and prison population
Despite its population of only 70 million, Thailand ranks sixth in the world in prison population.
Thailand's female incarceration rate is the world's highest at 66.4 female convicts per 100,000 inhabitants.
The department manages 143 or 144 central prisons, provincial prisons, district prisons and other correctional facilities across Thailand, housing some 45,796 female (13.7 percent) and 288,483 male prisoners. Overcrowding has been reported at 143 prisons. The official capacity of all Thai prisons was 217,000 . By early 2020 the prison population had grown to 374,052 inmates, 288,648 of them drug offenders. Various remedies have been put forth to lower the prison population. Among them are fines or rehabilitation programs in lieu of prison time, community service in lieu of fines, ankle monitor home confinement, decriminalization of marijuana, and more suspended sentences.
Overcrowded prisons result in meager food rations for inmates. The prison food and cooking gas budget in place since 2013 is 49 baht per day per inmate, but is capped at an average prison population of 190,200, far fewer than the more than 350,000 inmates held in June 2018. Many prisoners find it hard live on only state-provided food so, if they can afford it, they are permitted to spend up to 300 baht per day in prison shops.
Eight of Thailand's prisons have all-female inmate populations. The remaining prisons have both male and female inmates, kept segregated in separate zones. Transsexuals number about 4,500 in Thai prisons. They are housed with male inmates, but some have separate sleeping quarters.
According to the Department of Corrections, more than half of those incarcerated are there for an "offense against narcotics law". Some news reports say that the percentage is closer to 80 percent. The number is January 2020 is 288,648 drug offenders out of 374,052 total inmates, or 77 percent.
Foreigners accounted for 4.6 percent of the prison population in September 2016. 14,275 foreign inmates from 103 countries were held in Thai prisons.
Thailand's incarceration rate is 445 per 100,000 inhabitants (July 2017).
In 2018, the DOC signed an agreement with Krung Thai Bank (KTB) to provide bank accounts to prisoners. In a trial run, up to 10,000 prisoners will be permitted to use KTB accounts for ATM withdrawals and e-banking. If successful, the program will be rolled out to all prisons. Until now, prison wardens have managed deposits from relatives of prisoners, enabling them to buy items ranging from soap to snacks at prison shops. The new program will remove wardens from inmate financial transactions, as some wardens have been accused of siphoning money from prisoner accounts. In one case, it is alleged that a 500 baht commission was taken by prison management from a 3,000 baht transaction.
In 2015, the recidivism rate of Thai prisoners was 17 percent. In 2016 that rate rose to 25 percent and 33 percent in 2017. Most were imprisoned more than once for drug-related crimes. Of Thailand's roughly 350,000 prisoners, 180,000 of them first-time offenders, 60,000 second-time offenders and 15,000 third-time offenders. In some prisons, like Rayong Central Prison, about 90 percent of inmates are jailed for drug offences.
Facilities
Bang Kwang Central Prison
Central Women's Correctional Institution
Chiang Mai Women's Correctional Institution
Chiang Rai Central Prison* (* signifies model women's prison)
Chonburi Women's Correctional Institution*
Fang District Prison*
Klong Prem Central Prison (Includes a prison for women)
Lang Suan Prison, Chumphon Province
Nakhon Ratchasima Women's Correctional Institution
Phitsanulok Women's Correctional Institution*
Phra Nakon Si Ayutthaya Provincial Prison*
Rayong Central Prison
Samut Sakhon Central Prison*
Songkhla Women's Correctional Institution
Tak Central Prison*
Thanya Buri Women's Penitentiary*
Thon Buri Women's Correctional Institution
Women's Correctional Institution for Drug Addicts
Bang Kwang houses Thailand's death row for men and execution chamber. The Klong Prem (Lard Yao) section for women houses female death row inmates.
Overcrowding
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) puts the minimum space requirement for inmate accommodation at 3.4 m2 per person in a shared or dormitory accommodation. The Department of Corrections has three different inmate space standards for its prisons: the "standard capacity" spacing regulation is 2.25 m2 floor space for each prisoner. "Full capacity" spacing is 1.1 m2 per female inmate, 1.2 m2 per male inmate. "Full capacity 30%" sets the spacing at 0.85 m2 per inmate. These guidelines allow the DOC to manipulate prison occupancy numbers. When the Director-General of the Department of Corrections says—as he did in December 2019—that the 700,000 inmates behind bars are three times the capacity of the prisons it is unclear which capacity standard he is using. In December 2019, a video was released on YouTube showing a crowded cell at the Lang Suan Prison in Chumphon Province. Justice Minister Somsak Thepsuthin's response was to tell the prison to file a police complaint of an alleged hacking of the video system. He directed the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) to find out how it happened and who was responsible on the grounds that the leak may have violated the rights of inmates. Somsak's attitude has changed somewhat when he realised—as he put it—that some inmates have "...less room for a body [to sleep in] than the inside of a coffin,..."
LGBT facility
The Department of Corrections is moving towards separating lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) prisoners from other prisoners to ensure their safety and security. Min Buri Prison will be used as a prison for LGBT prisoners under a pilot scheme. There are 4,448 prisoners self-identified as LGBT: 2,258 females, 2,156 males, and 34 transgender individuals. LGBT inmates account for about one percent of Thailand's total of 300,000 prisoners.
Death penalty
Thailand, as of 2018, is one of 58 nations that retain the death penalty. Of the 10 ASEAN nations, only Cambodia and the Philippines have outlawed it.
Thailand retains the death penalty, but rarely employs it. Since 1935 Thailand has executed 326 persons, 319 by firing squad (the last was shot on 11 December 2003), and seven by lethal injection, the latest on 19 June 2018. , 517 persons remain on death row. Bang Khwang Central Prison contains the nation's primary Death Row, but Death Rows exist in provincial prisons, for both men and women. , 59 women are on death row, 58 of them for drug-related offenses.
Even after the Supreme Court has handed down a death sentence, under Thai law it can be stayed by the king if a petition is sent to the palace within 60 days. The king can then ponder the petition indefinitely. King Bhumibol (Rama IX), effectively halted executions in Thailand for nearly a decade by this means. Petitions submitted by condemned prisoners were left unanswered by the palace, leading prison officials to regard them as "under royal deliberation". They did not dare put petitioners to death lest they were seen as intruding on royal prerogative. More than 500 death row inmates were thus spared death. On the other hand, when the king rejects clemency petitions, the prisoner must be put to death within 24 hours.
Thai public opinion on the death penalty is unclear. A 2014 survey reported that only eight percent of the population favored its abolition. Another survey indicated that 41 percent wanted to retain the death penalty as a sentencing option. Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha has said that the death penalty is necessary to maintain peace and order and deter severe crimes in spite of general acknowledgement that the possibility of execution does not serve to deter crime.
Parole
The corrections department has three criteria for granting parole to inmates:
Exhibiting good behaviour
Performing community service, e.g, repairing roads, dredging canals
Royal pardon
Two conditions are attached: The inmate must have served at least six months of an ordinary sentence, or—if sentenced to life—the inmate must have served at least 10 years of that sentence. One serial killer was originally sentenced to death in 2005. He confessed to the crime, thus resulting in the commutation of his sentence to life. He then served 14 years of his life sentence and during that time received four sentence reductions for good behaviour. He was then granted parole on a "special national occasion." Seven months after he was paroled he committed murder and was rearrested.
See also
Bajrakitiyabha, Thai princess active in prison reform
Bangkok Rules
Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners
References
External links
Department of Corrections
Government departments of Thailand
Prison and correctional agencies
Ministry of Justice (Thailand)
Penal system in Thailand
Sophia Vandagne (born 2 November 1979) is a Seychellois former weightlifter and Olympian.
Competing in the women's 58 kg event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Sophia finished in thirteenth position with a total weight lifted of 160 kg.
In 1999, Vandagne was nominated Seychellois Young Female Athlete of the year.
References
1979 births
Living people
Seychellois female weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Seychelles
Weightlifters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Averitt may refer to:
Averitt Express, transportation and supply chain management company based in Cookeville, Tennessee, United States
Averitt House (disambiguation)
Averitt-Herod House, historic house in Hartsville, Tennessee, U.S.
Averitt-Winchester House, historic house in Miccosukee, Florida, U.S.
Bird Averitt (1952–2020), American basketball player
Bush Stadium at Averitt Express Baseball Complex, baseball venue in Cookeville, Tennessee, United States
Dawn Averitt (born 1968), American HIV/AIDS treatment policy advocate and activist
Jack N. Averitt College of Graduate Studies, one of the eight colleges at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, Georgia
Kip Averitt (born 1954), former Republican member of the Texas Senate
See also
Averett (disambiguation)
Everitt
Mireya D. Correa (born February 6, 1940) is a Panamanian botanist and plant taxonomist known for her work with the flora of Panama.
Career
Correa graduated from the University of Panama with a degree in biology and chemistry in 1963. She received a master's degree in botany from Duke University in Durham, North Carolina in 1967. Her area of expertise was the systematic study of vascular plants with emphasis of the flora of Panama. She was a professor at the University of Panama and pioneered formal botanical studies in Panama. She became a scientific collaborator at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in 1987.
She was the Director of the Herbarium at the University of Panama, a research and teaching facility of the Natural Science Faculty from the time of its founding in 1968. The collection contains more than seventy thousand specimens. It has been part of the Network of Mesoamerican and Caribbean Herbaria since 1995. She created an online database that digitized 12,000 of the specimens and records of the herbarium.
Works
Awards
2008 - Medal José Cuatrecasas for Excellence in Tropical Botany.
2008 - Emeritus Scientist of the Year offered by the Asociacion para el avance de la Ciencia (APANAC).
References
External links
(Archived; in Spanish)
1940 births
Living people
Women botanists
Panamanian scientists
Panamanian women writers
University of Panama alumni
Duke University alumni
Smithsonian Institution people
20th-century botanists
21st-century botanists
20th-century non-fiction writers
21st-century non-fiction writers
20th-century Panamanian women writers
21st-century Panamanian women writers
The State House of the Republic of Namibia is the official residence of the President of Namibia. Located in the Auasblick suburb of Windhoek, the State House was constructed by Mansudae Overseas Projects of North Korea from September 2002 to March 2008, a total of 66 months. The administrative building cost 400 million Namibian dollars.
History
The State House was designed by the North Korean company, Mansudae Overseas Projects, and built in 66 months In September 2002, at the end of his term, Sam Nujoma, the first President of Namibia, had construction begin on the new building, to replace the old State House in the inner city, because the office space in the old State House and the very inadequate parking was too small.
On 21 March 2008, the Namibian President opened Hifikepunye Pohamba's house in the presence of Kim Yong-nam, chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly of North Korea, and the Cuban General Leopoldo Cintra Frias. The presidential residence was initially not finished completely, the Cabinet Secretary had to commute between the Old State House and the new building. On 2 September 2008, the first Cabinet meeting was held. On 4 June 2010, the president officially moved to the new presidential residence.
According to unofficial estimates, the construction cost was between 413.2 million and 600 million Namibian dollars. Forty Namibian subcontractors and suppliers were involved in the project. Another 100 Namibians were working on the project.
Structure of the complex
The site covers 25 hectares and is bordered by a two-kilometer long steel fence. At each corner of the fence, there are dark-glassed towers and large guard rooms
The administrative area consists of the Office of the President, the offices of cabinet members and 200 staff offices of the president. A guest house for visiting heads of state to state and two apartments for more state visitors is a little off, as the residence of the President. There are also garages and accommodation for police forces and security personnel. Opposite the main gate on the opposite side of the road there are two helipads. About the park-like grounds are animal replicas (e.g. kudu and elephants ) made of copper.
In the entrance hall is a painting of the members of the first Namibian Cabinet, including as Sam Nujoma, Hifikepunye Pohamba, Hage Geingob, Theo-Ben Gurirab, Ben Amathila, Libertina Amathila, Hidipo Hamutenya and Gert Hanekom. Before the door to the two-storey entrance hall, a wood carving shows a representation of women from all ethnic groups in the country. On the opposite wall at this level there is a large painting of the Epupa Falls, painted in 2005 by a Korean artist.
Old State House
The Old State House is located on Robert Mugabe Avenue in the Windhoek Central Business District, near the Christ Church. Due to its central location and close buildings, an expansion of the building was not possible, so the new State House had to be built.
On 20 July 2010, the cabinet decided that the old state house would be used as the residence and office of the Prime Minister of Namibia.
References
Buildings and structures in Windhoek
Government of Namibia
Government buildings completed in 2008
Mansudae Overseas Projects
2008 in Namibia
Presidential residences
Bundala is a village in Punjab, India.
Bundala may also refer to:
Bundala National Park, National Park in Sri Lanka
Bundala, Amritsar, a village in Amritsar District, Punjab, India
See also
Chak Bundala, a village in Jalandhar District, Punjab, India
Bundela, a Rajput clan of India
People Puzzler is an American television game show hosted by Leah Remini and broadcast by Game Show Network. It premiered on January 18, 2021.
The show is inspired by the celebrity and pop-culture themed crosswords in People magazine.
On June 2, 2021, Game Show Network renewed the show for a second season, which premiered on September 27, 2021. On July 18, 2022, Game Show Network renewed the show for a third season, which premiered on August 1, 2022.
Gameplay
The game is played among three contestants. On a player's turn, they choose one of 10 words on the board, identifying it in the same way as a regular crossword puzzle (i.e., 1-across, etc.). The contestant is shown the first unrevealed letter in the word, and a clue is given. Correct answers score points based on the length of the word (similar to both The Cross-Wits and the 1980 NBC version of Chain Reaction); a contestant who correctly solves three words in a single turn is awarded bonus points. The contestant keeps control until they either make a mistake or score a bonus. If the contestant does make a mistake, the correct answer is not revealed, allowing the next contestant in line an opportunity to choose it again to obtain further letters and making it easier to solve (although they may choose another word). The last remaining letter in a word is never given.
Some puzzles have a "Double Word", a clue that covers two words in the puzzle, forming a two-word phrase. Both halves of a Double Word must be solved together, and correctly solving a Double Word earns the combined value of both words.
Round 1
A contestant chosen by a random draw before the show selects one of four categories, and takes the first turn. In all cases, play passes to the right (as viewed on camera), going back to the left-most position if needed. Correctly solving a word scores 10 points per letter, the bonus for three straight correct answers is 100 points. The round lasts until the puzzle is completed or until a buzzer sounds.
Round 2
The contestant in last place after round one, or in case of a tie, the leftmost player tied, chooses one of the remaining three categories and takes the first turn. Words are worth 20 points per letter, with a 200-point bonus for three in a row. One word is designated a "Wager Word". The first contestant to find the Wager Word is given the chance to bet any or all of their score on their ability to solve that word. A correct answer earns the amount of the wager (the 200-point bonus is also awarded if it is the contestant's third word in a row), while a wrong answer deducts the amount. If the Wager Word is not solved correctly, subsequent attempts at that word are for its natural value. In addition, if the first contestant to find the Wager Word has no points at the time, the word is also played for its natural value.
Tiebreaker
When two contestants after round 2 both have the lowest score or if all three have the highest score, a tiebreaker word is played on the buzzers. One word and one clue are displayed on the board and letters are randomly filled in one at a time. The contestants may buzz in at any time after the clue is read. If the contestant guesses the word correctly, he or she will move on to the third round with the other contestant who had the highest score, but if a contestant guesses the word incorrectly, the other contestant will advance into the head-to-head round with the highest scoring contestant. The procedure repeats once more if all three are tied.
When the round ends, the contestant in last place is eliminated from further play. All losing contestants are awarded a one-year subscription to People magazine as a consolation prize.
Round 3 (Head-to-Head Showdown)
The contestant in the lead, or in some shows with the lowest score after round 2, is shown two new puzzles and selects one to play. The gameplay in this round is similar to that of the "Crossfire" round on The Cross-Wits. The contestant is given 60 seconds to solve all 10 words (time starts when host Remini finishes reading the first clue). The contestant may attempt the words in any order, may take as many guesses as desired, and may pass and return to a word as often as needed until time runs out. As in previous rounds, a letter is given the first time the contestant chooses a given word; the contestant is given additional letters upon returning to the word after passing. Each word solved is worth 50 points per letter, and solving all 10 words is worth a 1,000-point bonus. The two puzzles do not necessarily have the same number of points available. The other contestant is then given the other puzzle to solve under the same rules. The contestant in the lead at the end of this round wins $1,000, the championship, and advances to the "Fast Puzzle" round to try to increase it to $10,000. If the trailing player is unable to catch up, the game ends immediately. If, however, a tie remains, a sudden-death word will determine the champion.
Bonus Round (Fast Puzzle Round)
The champion is shown four categories, each corresponding to a three-word puzzle; they then choose which three puzzles they would like to play. They have a minute to solve all 9 words, and may switch between words or between puzzles as often as needed. If the champion solves all 9 words within a minute, their winnings are increased to $10,000.
References
External links
2020s American game shows
2021 American television series debuts
Crossword television shows
English-language television shows
Game Show Network original programming
People (magazine)
Săulești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bibești, Dolcești, Purcaru and Săulești.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Men's Combined World Cup 1985/1986
Final point standings
In Men's Combined World Cup 1985/86 the best 3 results count. Deductions are given in ().
Men's Combined Team Results
All points were shown. bold indicate the highest score - italics indicate race wins
References
fis-ski.com
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's combined discipline titles
Sringapuram Mahadeva Temple is a Shiva Temple, (Malayalam: ശൃംഗപുരം മഹാദേവക്ഷേത്രം), is located at Kodungallur in Thrissur District of Kerala. The temple adjoins the Kodungallur Kovilakam Palace. The presiding deity of the temple is Shiva.
References
Shiva temples in Kerala
Hindu temples in Thrissur district
108 Shiva Temples
Ussuriysk Astrophysical Observatory is an observatory near Ussuriysk, Russia. It is operated by the Far Eastern Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Regular observations have been carried out in the observatory since 1954.
References
External links
Astronomical observatories in Russia
Astronomical observatories built in the Soviet Union
Excellent Cadaver is a film and television production company founded by actress Jennifer Lawrence.
History
In 2018, Excellent Cadaver was founded by actress Jennifer Lawrence. Lawrence will produce with her producing partner, Justine Polsky.
In October 2018, it was announced that the company had signed a first-look deal with Makeready, who will finance and produce independently with Excellent Cadaver, or through Makeready's finance and production deals with Universal Pictures and Entertainment One.
Filmography
In development
Burial Rites (with TriStar Pictures)
Mob Girl (with Makeready)
Project Delirium (with 2929 Entertainment) (to be directed by Jennifer Lawrence)
Untitled Jennifer Lawrence/Amy Schumer Project
Zelda
In production
Bad Blood (with Hyperobject Industries, Gary Sanchez Productions, Legendary Pictures, and Apple Studios)
No Hard Feelings (with Sony Pictures)
Sue (with Picturestart and Apple Studios)
Released
Causeway (with IAC Films and A24)
References
Mass media companies established in 2018
Film production companies of the United States
Stag's Leap is a book of poetry written by Sharon Olds and published in 2012. It follows the events leading up to and following the poet's divorce, after a thirty-year marriage. The book won the T. S. Eliot Prize in 2012, and the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 2013.
Content
After her divorce in 1997, Olds started writing a series of poems relating the different phases of grief and denial. There are reminders of love and romance, and the constant battle between her mind and heart results in her questioning herself. The poems trace the last year of the marriage, and then the year after.
The collection contains 17 poems. The first poem, "While He Told Me", expressed the pain she felt when she realized her marriage is over, expressed as a kind of death: she refers to her marriage as her "body". Critics have noted the "generosity" toward the husband expressed in the collection; the book's title was inspired by Stags' Leap Winery, makers of the couple's favorite wine, and Olds compares her husband favorably to the wine and its logo, "a badly-drawn stag leaping off a cliff" (in Kate Kellaway's words):
When anyone escapes, my heart
leaps up. Even when it's I who am
escaped from,
I am half on the side of the leaver.
Nick Clark, for The Independent, framed the "confessional" collection differently: "If revenge is a dish best served cold, Sharon Olds must have been licking her lips last night. Fifteen years after her husband ran off with another woman, the poet scooped the UK's most prestigious poetry prize for a collection that explored the experience in detail". He says Olds had promised their children she would not "publish anything for at least a decade".
Critical reception
Tess Taylor, reviewing the book for NPR's All Things Considered, praises the "furious detail" of the very personal account, and wrote she was "haunted" by "the way it captures the strangeness of enduring loss over time — the way it makes a sort of prolonged sculpture out of the oddness of parting....Olds tallies the scale of this human mystery in household objects, hips and shoulders, the forms of a common life. And at her best, the Olds who so fiercely details her specific suffering becomes someone we all recognize, an almost universal figure who is a supplicant before the gods of love". Taylor offered two specific critiques as well—she did not enjoy the "riff" on the winery's name, which "captured the husband as a stag leaping away", and she found the comparison between the loss she suffered and the loss suffered by family members of the World Trade Center attack in poor taste.
Michael Andor Brodeur, in The Boston Globe, also notes Olds's generosity, and the sharp "emotional acumen in her lines"; he called it "a refreshingly worthwhile (and often engrossing) collection" which demonstrates how the "self" can survive loss.
Awards
In awarding the 2012 T. S. Eliot Prize, Carol Ann Duffy, British Poet Laureate from 2009 to 2019, noted the judges' decision was unanimous, and that the collection was "tremendous book of grace and gallantry, which crowns the career of a world-class poet".
Stag's Leap also won the 2013 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, as "a book of unflinching poems on the author's divorce that examine love, sorrow and the limits of self-knowledge". The jury comprised Carl Phillips, C.D. Wright, and Maurice Manning.
References
2012 poetry books
American poetry collections
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry-winning works
Alfred A. Knopf books
T. S. Eliot Prize-winning works
Works about divorce
List of Astro Boy episodes may refer to:
List of Astro Boy (1963) episodes
List of Astro Boy (1980) episodes
List of Astro Boy (2003) episodes
Sibbaldia is a genus of flowering plants of the family Rosaceae, with a circumpolar distribution, including the high Arctic. Most of the species are found in the Himalaya. The type species is Sibbaldia procumbens. It is also in the Rosoideae subfamily.
The genus name of Sibbaldia is in honour of Robert Sibbald (1641–1722), a Scottish physician and antiquary. It was first described and published in Sp. Pl. on page 284 in 1753.
Range
It's native range is the temperate Northern Hemisphere. It is found in Europe; (within Albania, Austria, Bulgaria, Corsica, East European Russia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Greenland, Iceland, Italy, North European Russia, Norway, Poland, Spain, Svalbard, Sweden, Switzerland and Yugoslavia).
In Asia; within Siberia (in Altai), the Russian Far East (within Amur, Kamchatka, Khabarovsk, Magadan, Primorye and Sakhalin),
central Asia (within Kazakhstan, Kirgizstan and Tadzhikistan,) the Caucasus (North Caucasus and Transcaucasus), western Asia (Afghanistan, Iran and Iraq and Turkey), China (within Manchuria, north-central, Qinghai, south-central, Tibet and Xinjiang), Mongolia,
eastern Asia (Japan, Korea and Taiwan), tropical Asia (the East Himalaya, Nepal, Pakistan and the West Himalaya).
In America; Canada; (within the provinces of Alberta, Labrador, Newfoundland, Northwest Territorie, Nunavut, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, Québec, Saskatchewan, and Yukon) and America; (within the states of Alaska, Arizona, British Columbia, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ontario, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming) and also in Mexico.
Species
Recent morphological and genetic studies have shown that Sibbaldia is polyphyletic, with some species needing synonymizing or reassignment to (or from) other genera, including Sibbaldianthe, Chamaecallis, and Potentilla. Additionally, one of the three species of Sibbaldiopsis should be renamed Sibbaldia retusa once some clarity regarding the identity of their specimens is achieved. Species currently accepted by The Plant List, with suggested reassignments are as follows:
Sibbaldia adpressa Bunge → Sibbaldianthe adpressa (Bunge) Juz.
Sibbaldia cuneata Schouw ex Kunze
Sibbaldia micropetala (D.Don) Hand.-Mazz. → Potentilla micropetala D.Don
Sibbaldia olgae Juz. & Ovcz. → Sibbaldia cuneata
Sibbaldia omeiensis T.T.Yu & C.L.Li → Potentilla omeiensis (T.T.Yü and C.L.Li) Soják
Sibbaldia parviflora Willd.
Sibbaldia pentaphylla J.Krause → Potentilla clandestina Soják
Sibbaldia perpusilloides (W.W.Sm.) Hand.-Mazz. → Chamaecallis perpusillodes (W.W.Sm.) Smedmark
Sibbaldia phanerophlebia T.T.Yu & C.L.Li → probably P. micropetala
Sibbaldia procumbens L.
Sibbaldia purpurea Royle → Potentilla purpurea (Royle) Hook. f.
Sibbaldia sericea (Grubov) Soják ← Sibbaldianthe sericea Grubov
Sibbaldia sikkimensis (Prain) Chatterjee → Potentilla sikkimensis Prain
Sibbaldia tenuis Hand.-Mazz. → Potentilla tenuis (Hand.-Mazz.) Soják
Sibbaldia tetrandra Bunge → Potentilla tetrandra (Hook. f.) Bunge
References
Rosaceae genera
Potentilleae
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Plants described in 1753
Fruits on a Table or Still Life with Apples and Grapes (Nature Morte a la Comptesse de N) is a still life painting by French artist Paul Gauguin painted in 1889. It was one of two works stolen from the private collection of Terence F. Kennedy in London in June 1970 and recovered by the Carabinieri in Italy in April 2014.
Description
The painting depicts two bowls of brightly coloured apples and grapes, on a fringed white linen cloth, on a wooden table, with a small dog sleeping on the floor in the background. It is signed and dedicated "a la Comptesse De N (Nimal)".
Provenance
The painting, along with Pierre Bonnard's Woman With Two Armchairs (La Femme Aux Deux Fauteuils), was stolen from the flat of widower Terence F. Kennedy (whose wife Mathilda died in 1964) at Chester Terrace, in Regent's Park on June 6, 1970. Press reports at the time said that Kennedy's housekeeper was duped by three men, one posing as a policeman and the others as burglar alarm engineers, and that they cut the paintings from their frames while she was making them tea. After the theft, the paintings are alleged to have been smuggled through France on the Paris-to-Turin train, and then to have turned up in the lost-and-found railway depot in Turin. It is said they were auctioned in 1975 and that a worker at the Fiat Factory bought the paintings for a small sum.
Recovery
The paintings are said to have remained in the factory worker's kitchen until an art expert's evaluation in 2014. Once they were identified the Carabinieri took the paintings into custody. Under Italian law the factory worker could have a right to keep them if he could prove that he bought them in good faith. In December 2014 they were returned to him by a court in Rome.
Simultaneously, the sole and universal heir of the original owner, Terence F. Kennedy, was found and has since made his claim to title.
References
Paintings by Paul Gauguin
1889 paintings
Still life paintings
Dogs in art
Stolen works of art
The 1951 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets of the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1951 college football season. The team was named national champion by Berryman and co-champion by Boand.
Schedule
References
Georgia Tech
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Orange Bowl champion seasons
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football
Christopher Kelly (1887 – 1960) was an English footballer who played for Leeds City and Stoke.
Career
Kelly was born in Tunstall and played amateur football with Goldenhill Wanderers before joining Stoke in 1908. He played in 20 matches during the 1908–09 season before returning to amateur football with Denaby United. He then had a short spell at Leeds City.
Career statistics
References
English footballers
Leeds City F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
Denaby United F.C. players
English Football League players
1887 births
1960 deaths
Association football defenders
Eudendrium vaginatum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1863
Kashirin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kashirina. Notable people with the surname include:
Tatiana Kashirina (born 1991), Russian weightlifter
Yury Kashirin (born 1959), Russian cyclist
Russian-language surnames
is a professor of management practice in the Strategy Unit at Harvard Business School. He co-authored The New New Product Development Game which influenced the development of the Scrum framework.
Biography
Takeuchi was born in 1946 and gained a B.A. from International Christian University in Tokyo, and an M.B.A. and Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley. His early non-academic career included work at McCann-Erickson in Tokyo and San Francisco and at McKinsey & Company in Tokyo.
From 1976 to 1983 Takeuchi had his first faculty position at Harvard Business School, as an assistant professor in the Marketing Unit. He moved to Hitotsubashi University in Tokyo in 1983, becoming a professor in 1987. In another spell at Harvard Business School from 1995 to 1996, Takeuchi served as a visiting professor in the Advanced Management Program.
In 1998 Takeuchi became the founding dean of Hitotsubashi University's business school, the Graduate School of International Corporate Strategy.
2010 saw Takeuchi appointed to the position of Professor Emeritus at that university and in the same year he was additionally appointed as a professor at Harvard Business School.
Takeuchi has written or co-authored numerous articles for the Harvard Business Review. He has served on the planning board of the World Economic Forum and is an external director at Mitsui & Co. and an outside director at Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
The New New Product Development Game
Takeuchi collaborated on a number of articles with Ikujiro Nonaka (野中 郁次郎), a colleague at Hitotsubashi University, including
the 1986 Harvard Business Review article The New New Product Development Game, in which they emphasized speed and flexibility for new product development.
The article looked at practices in a number of successful manufacturing companies such as Fuji-Xerox, Honda, 3M and Toyota. The authors drew attention to the practice in those companies of having an overlapping development process ('like Sashimi'), rather than the older sequential approach. They likened it to the game of Rugby, where a team 'tries to go the distance as a unit, passing the ball back and forth' and where a team may employ different tactics to make the best use of its talents.
The authors found that teams in the most successful companies they examined exhibited the following conditions:
Autonomy - being self-organising and empowered to make decisions over how to do the work
Cross-fertilization - having within the teams all the skills needed to complete the task
Self-Transcendence - elevating their goals and pushing beyond the normally accepted limit; challenging the status quo
The article attracted attention when it was published but its significance for software development was born seven years later when a team at Easel Corporation led by Jeff Sutherland alighted on the article and spotted the opportunity it offered to achieve their goal of delivering software on schedule and under budget.
Sutherland went on to develop the concept in conjunction with Ken Schwaber as the Scrum framework, an agile software development technique now used across the globe.
The Nonaka-Takeuchi model of knowledge creation and practice
Takeuchi's colleague Ikujiro Nonaka wrote an article The Knowledge-Creating Company in the Harvard Business Review, 1991.
It explored two types of knowledge, namely tacit knowledge which is that learned by experience and communicated indirectly, and explicit knowledge, which is that recorded in documentation, manuals and procedures. Nonaka wrote that Japanese companies viewed knowledge as primarily tacit but had mastered converting tacit to explicit and back again (the 'spiral of knowledge'). In 1995 Nonaka and Takeuchi co-authored a book which expanded on the subject and brought it to a wider audience: The Knowledge-Creating Company : How Japanese Companies Create the Dynamics of Innovation. The authors described the methods used in successful Japanese companies to create new knowledge and use it to produce successful products. They called this 'organizational knowledge creation' – an ability to 'create new knowledge, disseminate it throughout the organization and embody it in products, services and systems'.
The book published by Oxford University Press was named as Best Book of the Year in Business and Management, 1996 by the Association of American Publishers.
Selected bibliography
See also
SECI model of knowledge dimensions
References
1946 births
Living people
People from Tokyo
Japanese business theorists
International Christian University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Harvard Business School faculty
Nadezhda Aleksandrovna Shuvayeva-Olkhova (born 9 September 1952 in Barnaul) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1952 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Barnaul
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
The olive sunbird (Cyanomitra olivacea) is a species of sunbird found in a large part of Africa south of the Sahel. It prefers forested regions, and is absent from drier, more open regions such as the Horn of Africa and most of south-central and south-western Africa. It is sometimes placed in the genus Nectarinia.
The western subspecies (roughly west of the East African Rift) are sometimes split as the western olive sunbird, Cyanomitra obscura, in which case Cyanomitra olivacea becomes the eastern olive sunbird
References
Further reading
External links
Olive sunbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
olive sunbird
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
olive sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Crazy Beat" is a 1963 song by Gene Vincent, written by J. Fallin and J. Rhodes. The track came out of Vincent's Hollywood sessions produced by Jimmie Haskell and featured a young Ritchie Blackmore on guitar. Capitol Records issued the single in June 1963 after withdrawing the single originally scheduled, "Rip It Up." The single was issued as title track on the 1963 album The Crazy Beat of Gene Vincent.
References
1963 songs
Gene Vincent songs
Songs written by Jack Rhodes
Hypomasticus is a genus of headstander native to tropical South America.
Species
There are currently 10 recognized species in this genus:
Hypomasticus copelandii ()
Hypomasticus despaxi (Puyo, 1943)
Hypomasticus julii (dos Santos, Jégu & A. C. Lima, 1996)
Hypomasticus lineomaculatus Birindelli, L. A. W. Peixoto, Wosiacki & Britski, 2013
Hypomasticus megalepis (Günther, 1863)
Hypomasticus mormyrops (Steindachner, 1875)
Hypomasticus pachycheilus (Britski, 1976)
Hypomasticus santanai
Hypomasticus steindachneri (C. H. Eigenmann, 1907)
Hypomasticus thayeri (Borodin, 1929)
References
Anostomidae
Taxa named by Nikolai Andreyevich Borodin
Fish of South America
The large-billed seed finch (Sporophila crassirostris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
large-billed seed finch
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
large-billed seed finch
large-billed seed finch
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Moonzund () is a 1988 Soviet war film based on Valentin Pikul's 1970 novel of the same name. "Moonzund" refers to the West Estonian archipelago, where the Battle of Moon Sound took place during World War I.
Plot
Epic film set during the First World War brightly illustrates the struggles of Russian Empire in the years 1915–1917. The hardships of war cause major social and political unrest in the Tsarist Russia. Communist propaganda provokes conflicts between classes causing clashes and un-subordination aboard battleships of Russian Imperial Navy and on locations in Tallinn, Kronstadt and Saint Petersburg. Torn by internal class struggle, Russian Navy is weakened and loses major battles in the Baltic theater of war. Against this background, the commanding admirals of the Russian Navy are powerless witnesses of the tragic collapse of the fleet in terms of nascent revolutionary events of 1917. Most film characters are officers and sailors of the Baltic Fleet.
Cast
Oleg Menshikov as Captain Sergey Arten'ev
Vladimir Gostyukhin as Semenchuk
Lyudmila Nilskaya as spy Anna "Klara Georgievna" Revelskaya
Nikolai Karachentsov as officer Von Knupfer
Yury Belyayev as Admiral Kolchak
Boris Klyuyev as Von Grapf
Vija Artmane as Frau Milch
Aleksei Buldakov as Portnyagin, sailor
Vladimir Baranov as orderly Platov
Yevgenia Dobrovolskaya as Irina Artenyeva
Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev as Admiral Nikolai Essen
Sergei Garmash as Pavel Dybenko
Vladimir Yeryomin as Leonid Deichman, Mechanical Engineer
Vladimir Golovin as von Den
Petr Shelokhonov as Captain Andreev
Victor Kostetskiy as commander of the cruiser "Rurik"
External links
1987 films
1980s war drama films
World War I films set on the Eastern Front
1980s Russian-language films
Lenfilm films
Soviet war drama films
Biographical films about military leaders
Cultural depictions of Alexander Kolchak
1987 drama films
The Curtiss K was a water-cooled 4-cylinder in-line aero-engine.
References
Curtiss aircraft engines
NMC Recordings is a British recording label and a charity which specialises in recording works by living composers from the British Isles.
History
The composer Colin Matthews founded NMC in 1989, with financial assistance from the Holst Foundation. NMC is an abbreviation for "New Music Cassettes", which refers to the intended main means of packaging its recordings at the time. Matthews continues as a producer of NMC's recordings. NMC was originally administered through the Society for the Promotion of New Music. In 1992, NMC became independent, and Matthews invited Bill Colleran to become NMC's first board chairman. Colleran served in this capacity from 1993 to 2004.
Additional financial support for NMC resulted after the 1993 Copyright Duration Directive (93/98/EEC), which extended the copyright term from 50 to 70 years. As a result, the music of Gustav Holst came back into copyright, and NMC obtained increased funding. However, it has fallen out of copyright again, and the Holst Foundation will stop its activities in 2015, leaving NMC with a significant gap in funding.
As a charity, NMC is presided over by a board of trustees. A full list of trustees can be found here
Recordings
NMC's first recordings, from 1989, were of Jonathan Harvey's Bhakti (NMC D001) NMC Recordings | contemporary classical music and a recital of contemporary solo piano music by Michael Finnissy (NMC D002). NMC's first opera recording was of Harrison Birtwistle's The Mask of Orpheus (NMC D050). Its single best-selling issue is of Anthony Payne's realisation of the sketches for Edward Elgar's Symphony No. 3 (NMC D053). NMC's catalogue has now over 200 recordings. NMC releases 10 to 12 discs per year. NMC has several sub-categories within its releases:
Archive series: important works and historical recordings from the 20th century
Ancora series: reissues of recordings deleted from other labels (e.g. Collins Classics)
Debut Discs series: release of 12 discs devoted to a single composer's work and in partnership with Graphic Design students from Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design, who created the artwork for each album's cover. The releases are:
Huw Watkins: In my Craft or Sullen Art
Sam Hayden: presence/absence
Dai Fujikura: Secret Forest
Joseph Phibbs: The Canticle of the Rose
Richard Causton: Millennium Scenes
Larry Goves: Just stuff people do
Ben Foskett: Dinosaur
Helen Grime: Night Songs
Charlotte Bray: At the Speed of Stillness
Sinfonietta Shorts: short pieces by today's leading composers, commissioned and premiered by the principal players of the London Sinfonietta. The series started in 2008 to celebrate the ensemble's 40th birthday. The works are:
Harrison Birtwistle: Duet 3 (supported by Nick & Claire Prettejohn)
Mark Bowden: Parable (created on Writing the Future, generously supported by Michael and Patricia McLaren-Turner and Anthony Mackintosh)
Dai Fujikura: es (supported by Robert Clark and Susan Costello)
Jonathan Harvey: Little Duo (supported by Sir John and Lady Tusa)
Anna Meredith: Axeman
NMC has an overriding principle of maintaining all its titles in its catalogue and not deleting any issues.
Charity status and funding
NMC is a registered charity (no 328052) because of the public benefit it provides through its contribution to enriching British cultural life. It operates as a limited company and within Charity Commission guidelines. As the recordings it releases rarely break even, NMC needs the financial support of trusts, foundations and individuals to operate. All profits from sales are invested back in the organisation and recordings are selected through an Artistic Panel, which ensures that they are chosen based on quality and in order to maintain balance in the catalogue.
NMC is receives core funding from the Holst Foundation and the Britten-Pears Foundation. It is also supported by the following trusts and foundations: Angus Allnatt Charitable Foundation, The Amphion Foundation Inc, The Eric Anker-Petersen Charity, Anonymous, The Astor Foundation, The Aurelius Charitable Trust, The Boltini Trust, The John S Cohen Foundation, Colwinston Charitable Trust, The Delius Trust, The Fenton Arts Trust, The Finzi Trust, The Garrick Charitable Trust, Nicholas and Judith Goodison's Charitable Settlement, Hargreaves and Ball Trust, The Hinrichsen Foundation New Initiatives programme, The Nicholas John Trust, Lord and Lady Lurgan Trust, The Mercers' Charitable Foundation, The Monument Trust, The Peter Moores Foundation, Stanley Picker Trust, The Radcliffe Trust, The Roche Foundation, The RVW Trust, The N Smith Charitable Settlement, The Steel Charitable Trust, The Surrey Square Charitable Trust, The Richard Thomas Foundation, The Barbara Whatmore Charitable Trust, The Zochonis Charitable Trust.
Celebrating 20 years:The NMC Songbook
To mark its 20th anniversary in 2009, NMC Recordings commissioned The NMC Songbook, a collection of art-songs from 96 composers, each on the general theme of "Britain", scored for one or two voices, and various instrumental accompaniments. NMC recorded the collection of songs (NMC D150) for commercial release in April 2009. This recording received the Gramophone Contemporary Award in 2009.
In parallel, the label curated a series of 4 concerts, the first public performances of the songs, at Kings Place, London from 1–4 April 2009.
Celebrating 25 years: Opera releases and other projects
Anniversary Opera Releases
To celebrate its 25 years, NMC released three major British contemporary operas, funded by a special anniversary appeal. NMC managed to raise over £40,000, thanks to eight trusts and foundations and more than 50 individual donors, in order to produce these landmark works and to give them a permanent place in its catalogue. The three operas are:
Harrison Birtwistle's Gawain (NMC D200, Gramophone Award in 1996 (Collins Classics))
Judith Weir's The Vanishing Bridegroom (NMC D196)
Gerald Barry's The Importance of Being Earnest (NMC D197), inspired by the song he contributed to The NMC Songbook
Partnership projects
Over recent years, NMC has developed a lot of partnerships with various organisations. In its anniversary year, it furthered these partnerships by working closely with the London Sinfonietta (on Larry Goves's Just stuff people do, NMC D198) and the Hallé (on John Casken's Orion over Farne, NMC D189 and Helen Grime's Night Song, NMC D199). For the first time, NMC teamed up with leading dance companies – Sadler's Wells and Rambert – to release Mark-Anthony's UNDANCE. The year of NMC's 25th Anniversary will also see the creation of a partnership with the Science Museum and Aurora Orchestra.
Next Wave
NMC, in collaboration with Sound and Music, offered professional support, mentoring and commissioning to a dozen student composers for the Next Wave project, aiming at bridging the gap between composing in a university setting and pursuing a career as a professional composer.
Wigmore Hall
For its 25th anniversary, NMC decided to rebalance its catalogue and to remedy to its lack of string quartet compositions.
Therefore, it collaborated with Wigmore Hall to commission six quartets, premiered and released in two volumes over the next couple of years featuring: Mark-Anthony Turnage + Belcea Quartet; Simon Holt + Jack Quartet; Anthony Gilbert + Carducci Quartet; Helen Grime + Heath Quartet; Donnacha Dennehy + Doric Quartet; and Paul Newland + Elias Quartet.
Awards
Several NMC releases have won critical awards:
Robin Holloway: Second Concerto for Orchestra (NMC D015M; 1994 Gramophone Magazine Award)
Harrison Birtwistle: The Mask of Orpheus (NMC D050; 1998 Gramophone Award)
Jonathan Harvey: Body Mandala (NMC D141; 2008 Gramophone Award)
Julian Anderson: Book of Hours (NMC D121; 2007 Pizzicato Supersonic Award)
Benjamin Britten: Britten on Film (NMC D112; 2008 MIDEM Classical Award)
The NMC Songbook (NMC D150; 2009 Gramophone Award)
Harrison Birtwistle: Night's Blackbird (NMC D156; 2011 Gramophone Award)
Harrison Birtwistle: Night's Blackbird (NMC D156; 2012 BBC Music Magazine Award)
Edward Elgar / Anthony Payne: Symphony No. 3 (NMC D053, Classic CD Award 1998)
Reissues, now available on NMC Ancora series, that have won awards on other labels:
John Casken: Golem (NMC D113, Gramophone Award in 1991 (Virgin Classics))
Harrison Birtwistle: Punch & Judy (NMC D138, Gramophone Award in 1980 (Decca Headline))
Harrison Birtwistle: Gawain (NMC D200, Gramophone Award in 1996 (Collins Classics))
Harrison Birtwistle: Secret Theatre (NMC D148, Gramophone Award in 1988 (Etcetera))
References
External links
Official NMC homepage
Contemporary classical music
Classical music record labels
British independent record labels
IFPI members
The 2019 Southeast Asian Games, officially known as the 30th Southeast Asian Games, were held in the Philippines, from 30 November 2019 to 11 December 2019.
With 56 sports and 530 events, a total of 1,784 medals were awarded.
Archery
Recurve
Compound
Arnis
Men
Livestick
Padded stick
Anyo
Women
Livestick
Padded stick
Anyo
Athletics
Men's events
Women's events
Mixed
Badminton
Baseball
Basketball
Beach handball
Billiards and snooker
Men
Women
Bowling
Men
Women
Mixed
Boxing
Men
Women
Canoeing
Canoeing & kayaking
Traditional boat racing
Chess
Cycling
BMX
Mountain biking
Road cycling
Dancesport
Standard
Latin American
Duathlon
Esports
PC
Console
Mobile
Fencing
Men
Women
References
2019 Southeast Asian Games
The 2014–15 UC Irvine Anteaters men's basketball team represented the University of California, Irvine during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Anteaters were led by fifth year head coach Russell Turner and played their home games at the Bren Events Center. They were members of the Big West Conference. They finished the season 21–13, 11–5 in Big West play to finish in a tie for second place. They defeated UC Riverside, UC Santa Barbara, and Hawaii to become champions of the Big West Tournament. They received an automatic bid to the NCAA tournament, their first tournament bid in school history, where they lost in the second round to Louisville.
Off-Season
2014 Recruiting Class
Roster
Schedule
Source
Source
Source
Source
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002244; color:#FFDE6C;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002244; color:#FFDE6C;"| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002244; color:#FFDE6C;"| Big West Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002244; color:#FFDE6C;"| NCAA tournament
References
UC Irvine
UC Irvine Anteaters men's basketball seasons
UC Irvine
UC Irvine Anteaters
UC Irvine Anteaters
A victory lap is a term used in motorsports or any sport championship to describe an extra lap of the race track after the conclusion of a race or after a team have been crowned as the champion.
Victory lap may also refer to:
Victory lap (academia)
Victory Lap (Propagandhi album), 2017, or the title track
Victory Lap (Nipsey Hussle album), 2018, or the title track
"Victory Lap", a song by All That Remains from the 2015 album The Order of Things
Victory Laps'', a 2011 EP by DOOMSTARKS, or the title track
The stripe-throated jery (Neomixis striatigula) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
It is endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
stripe-throated jery
stripe-throated jery
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Coal County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Coal County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 5 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Coal County
Buildings and structures in Coal County, Oklahoma
Alejandro Marcos López (born 29 February 2000) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central defender.
Club career
Born in Badalona, Barcelona, Catalonia, Marcos joined FC Barcelona's La Masia in 2008, from CE Sant Gabriel. On 1 February 2019, he moved to Serie A side Torino, being assigned to the Primavera squad.
On 5 October 2020, after finishing his formation, Marcos signed a two-year contract with CD Castellón in Segunda División. He made his senior debut the following 6 January, coming on as a second-half substitute for Adrián Lapeña in a 0–2 home loss against CD Tenerife, for the season's Copa del Rey.
On 20 January 2021, Marcos was loaned to Segunda División B side UE Llagostera for the remainder of the season.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
People from Badalona
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football defenders
Primera Federación players
Segunda División B players
CD Castellón footballers
UE Costa Brava players
Torino F.C. players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Damián Álvarez Arcos (born March 11, 1973) is a Mexican former footballer who played as a forward.
Club career
A mobile striker able to play up front or on the flank, Álvarez began his career with Atlas in 1991, moving to León in 1995. By the 1995-1996 season, he had broken into the first team at León, scoring 6 goals in 27 matches. In 1997, he had a short spell in Major League Soccer with the Dallas Burn, scoring 11 goals in 19 matches as the Burn reached the MLS playoffs. Between the 1997 and 1998 MLS seasons he had a brief spell at Chivas before returning to Dallas in 1998. After scoring 4 times in 13 games in 1998, Álvarez was traded to the New England Revolution in exchange for Colombian Oscar Pareja, appeared only twice for New England, and left MLS after the season. Returning to Mexico, he joined Club América and later represented Pachuca, Atlante, Toluca, and San Luis, but never again made more than five starts in a top-flight season. His last match at top level came with San Luis in 2002.
International career
Álvarez was also a member of the Mexico national football team. He represented Mexico at the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship, scoring a goal against Sweden and later competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He earned six caps for the national A-side, making his debut on September 15, 1996 in a World Cup Qualifier against St. Vincent & the Grenadines (0-3 win) in Kingston, Jamaica, substituting Cuauhtémoc Blanco in the 81st minute and scoring in the closing minutes. Álvarez also scored in his final international match, a 3-1 victory over Ecuador on February 5, 1997.
References
External links
FIFA
1973 births
Living people
Footballers from Veracruz
Association football forwards
Mexican footballers
Mexico international footballers
Mexico under-20 international footballers
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Atlas F.C. footballers
Club León footballers
Club Atlético Zacatepec players
FC Dallas players
C.D. Guadalajara footballers
New England Revolution players
C.F. Pachuca players
Venados F.C. players
Atlante F.C. footballers
Deportivo Toluca F.C. players
San Luis F.C. players
Major League Soccer players
Mexican expatriate footballers
Mexican expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Liga MX players
Blue Boys were a Danish vocal quartet of the 1960s. Their best known songs included : "Ud på flisen Karoline" (1958), "Oppe på bjerget" (1954), "En skraldemand han tar skraldet, Charlie Brown" (1959), "Tammy, Hvem har lånt min gamle hat" (1958) and "Falleri Fallera".
References
Danish musical groups
Lists of medical abbreviations
Time and Tide: The Museum of Great Yarmouth Life, located in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, United Kingdom, is set in one of the UK's best-preserved Victorian herring curing works and is Norfolk's third largest museum. The museum is centred on Great Yarmouth's rich maritime and fishing heritage, mainly focusing on the history of Yarmouth and the herring curing works. The museum feature various exhibitions including a typical 'Row' (a type of narrow street) from 1913, a Yarmouth quayside from the 1950s and hands on displays, films, audio guides and children's activities. The museum is currently visited by around 30,000 people a year.
Time & Tide museum is part of Maritime Heritage East which is a partnership of over 35 maritime museums in the East of England.
Awards
The Time and Tide Museum has won, and been nominated for, some awards in the recent years:
Gulbenkian Prize Museum of the Year Finalist 2005
European Museum of the Year Finalist 2006
Objective 2 Celebrate Award Winner (Tourism Category) 2006
Eastern Daily Press Design & Development Award Winner 2006
Herring Curing Works Renovation
The Time and Tide Museum is set in Britain's best-preserved herring curing works. This was closed down in the mid-1980s, but £4.7 million was spent on refurbishing and converting the Grade II listed factory into the modern museum.
References
Time and Tide Museum review from the Norfolk Museums and Archaeology Service
Tide and Time Museum information from the Scott Wilson Group, a UK-based civil engineering consultancy
Information on the Time and Tide Museum and its place in Great Yarmouth from the BBC website for Norfolk
External links
Official site at Museums Norfolk
culture24.org.uk
bbc.co.uk
Maritime Heritage East
Museums in Norfolk
Maritime museums in England
Local museums in Norfolk
Great Yarmouth
Elizabeth N. Saunders is an American political scientist. She is associate professor in the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. She is an editor of The Washington Post's Monkey Cage blog. She is known for her research on international relations and foreign policy, in particular examining the domestic politics of U.S. foreign policy, and the foreign policy behavior of leaders.
References
External links
American political scientists
American women political scientists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Cyrille Regis, MBE (9 February 1958 – 14 January 2018) was a professional footballer who played as a forward. His professional playing career spanned 19 years, where he made 614 league appearances and scored 158 league goals, most prolifically at West Bromwich Albion and Coventry City. Born in French Guiana, Regis also won five caps with the England national team.
Early life
Regis was born on 9 February 1958 in Maripasoula, French Guiana, the son of Robert Regis, a labourer from Saint Lucia and Mathilde Regis, a seamstress. His father moved to England in 1962, with the rest of the family, including Cyrille, following a year later. Cyrille grew up in Harlesden, located in the Borough of Brent, and attended Cardinal Hinsley Maths & Computing College.At primary school, Regis said that he was a much better cricketer than footballer. “I was an outdoor child. So I just wanted to play cricket outside, and I played much more cricket back then because football was just another sport I did without any real passion”.
After leaving school, Regis trained as an electrician, earning a City and Guilds diploma; he continued to practise the trade until his move into professional football. He was a cousin of the athlete John Regis.
Club career
Non-League
The 1975–76 season saw Regis move to Athenian League club Molesey, for whom he scored around 25 goals during his one campaign for the club. He was then approached by Boreham Wood, but did not join them. Instead he went on to join semi-professional Hayes of the Isthmian League, signing on 7 July 1976.
Regis was spotted by West Bromwich Albion's chief scout Ronnie Allen, who recommended that the First Division club should sign him. With the Albion directors unsure of paying a four-figure fee for such a young, unproven player, Allen offered to fund any initial payment from his own pocket, so sure was he that Regis would make it in the top tier of English football. The transfer took place in May 1977, for an up-front fee of £5,000, plus another £5,000 after 20 appearances.
West Bromwich Albion
Shortly after bringing Regis to Albion, Allen took over as team manager, following the resignation of his predecessor Johnny Giles. Regis made his first team debut in a League Cup match against Rotherham United on 31 August 1977, scoring twice in a 4–0 win. Three days later Regis made his league debut in a 2–1 victory over Middlesbrough. Again he found the net, taking the ball from the halfway line to the penalty area before scoring with a right-foot drive. Middlesbrough's David Mills, who later became a teammate of Regis at Albion, described it as "a goal of sheer brilliance".
Regis also scored in his first FA Cup match in January 1978, helping Albion to beat Blackpool 4–1. A few days later, Albion appointed a new manager, Ron Atkinson. Ronnie Allen had departed in late December to manage the Saudi Arabia national team and John Wile, the club's captain, had acted as caretaker manager in the interim.
Whilst a West Bromwich Albion player he played in a benefit match for Len Cantello, that saw a team of white players play against a team of black players.
Coventry City
In 1984 Regis joined Coventry City for a fee of £250,000. With Coventry, Regis won the only major trophy in his career, the 1987 FA Cup. Johan Cruyff wanted to sign Regis for AFC Ajax as a replacement for AC Milan-bound Marco van Basten, but he accused his own club's directors of delaying the deal until Regis's FA Cup exploits took him out of the Dutch club's price range. Regis later became the first Coventry City player to score a winning goal at Anfield, in their first ever league win there (1–0) in November 1989. This came a season after he had also scored in City's first ever top flight win over Aston Villa at Highfield Road (2–1).
Aston Villa
Before the 1991–92 season, Regis joined Aston Villa on a free transfer, reuniting him with his former manager at West Brom, Ron Atkinson. He was one of six Villa players who made their debut for the club on the opening day of the season, scoring in a 3–2 win away to Sheffield Wednesday. Regis made over 40 appearances in his first season for Villa, and finished as the club's leading league goalscorer, joint with Dwight Yorke.
Wolverhampton Wanderers
Following the end of 1992–93, Regis moved to West Midlands rivals, Wolverhampton Wanderers. His stay with Wolves only lasted for one season, during which time he made 22 appearances, scoring twice.
Wycombe Wanderers
Regis joined Wycombe Wanderers in August 1994. Forming a striking partnership with Simon Garner, he scored ten goals in his only season at the Buckinghamshire club.
Chester City
Regis ended his professional career by playing in the Third Division with Chester City. He scored seven times in 29 league appearances, helping Chester finish 8th, before retiring due to injury in October 1996.
International career
Regis's dual French and British nationality made him eligible to play for either the English or French national sides, but it was England that he chose to represent. He made his England under-21 debut on 19 September 1978, in a 2–1 victory over the Denmark under-21s in Hvidovre. His first England B game was a 1–0 win against Czechoslovakia B in Prague on 28 November 1978. He played in two further matches for the B team in 1980. He scored his first goal for the England under-21s on 5 June 1979, in a 3–1 away win against Bulgaria. The result helped England reach the latter stages of the 1980 European Championship, although it was the only one out of six qualifying matches in which Regis participated. He played in the away legs of both the quarter-final and semi-final, where England lost to East Germany. In all he played six times for the under-21s, scoring three goals.
Despite winning five caps for the full England side, Regis never played the full 90 minutes for his country at senior level; he played as a substitute three times and was himself substituted twice. He made his international debut on 23 February 1982 in a 4–0 win over Northern Ireland in the Home International Championship at Wembley. Regis came on as a substitute for Trevor Francis in the 65th minute. His final international appearance for England was in 1987 against Turkey at Wembley, which ended in an 8–0 win for the home side, where he came on for the last 20 minutes.
He was the third black player to be capped by England at the highest level after Viv Anderson and Laurie Cunningham.
Personal life
His younger brother is former player Dave Regis, and his nephew is Jason Roberts.
Regis became an evangelical Christian after a car crash claimed the life of his friend and former teammate Laurie Cunningham in 1989. He and Cunningham had been involved in a similar crash two years earlier. After retiring from playing, Regis worked in a variety of coaching roles before becoming an accredited football agent with the Stellar Group Ltd. He was the uncle of footballer Jason Roberts, for whom he acted as an agent, and cousin of sprinter John Regis.
He was awarded an honorary fellowship by the University of Wolverhampton in 2001. In 2004, Regis was voted as West Bromwich Albion's all time Cult Hero in a BBC Sport poll, gaining 65% of the vote. In the same year he was named as one of West Bromwich Albion's 16 greatest players, in a poll organised as part of the club's 125th anniversary celebrations. Regis and his wife Julia visited water-related projects in Ethiopia in 2007, as part of their continued support for WaterAid.
Regis won the Coventry City London Supporters' Club Player of the Year in 1986/87 and regularly comes in high in any legend polls for the club. In 2007/08 a Coventry City Hall of Fame picture gallery was erected at the Ricoh Arena, containing thirty Coventry greats from the club's entire history, whom he was among.
He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.
Death and legacy
Regis died of a heart attack on 14 January 2018. He was 59 years old.
The under-21 match between England and Romania at Molineux on 24 March 2018 was designated the Cyrille Regis International in tribute. England won the match, 2–1. On 28 July 2018, two of Regis' former clubs (West Bromwich Albion and Coventry City) played in a friendly match dubbed the 'Regis Shield'; West Bromwich won 5–2.
Career statistics
Honours
Hayes
Premier Midweek Floodlight League: 1975–76
Coventry City
FA Cup: 1986–87
Individual
English Football Hall of Fame: 2019
Coventry City Hall of Fame
PFA Merit Award: 2018
See also
List of England international footballers born outside England
References
Bibliography
Bowler, D & Bains, J (2000) Samba in the Smethwick End: Regis, Cunningham, Batson and the Football Revolution
Brown, Jim (2000) Coventry City: An Illustrated History
Rees, Paul. (2014). "The Three Degrees The Men Who Changed British Football Forever". .
Regis, Cyrille (2010) Cyrille Regis: My Story
External links
Englandstats.com profile
Cyrille Regis in the Hayes F.C. Hall of Fame
Cyrille Regis in the A-Z of Hayes F.C. 1909–
Entry at The Black Presence in Britain site
1958 births
2018 deaths
People from Maripasoula
English footballers
England international footballers
England under-21 international footballers
England B international footballers
French Guianan footballers
French people of French Guianan descent
French emigrants to England
Hayes F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Wycombe Wanderers F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. non-playing staff
West Bromwich Albion F.C. managers
Black British sportspeople
Members of the Order of the British Empire
People from Harlesden
Footballers from the London Borough of Brent
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Association football forwards
Molesey F.C. players
French Guianan people of Saint Lucian descent
French people of Saint Lucian descent
English people of Saint Lucian descent
English football managers
English Football Hall of Fame inductees
FA Cup Final players
The Chamberlin-Johnson-DuBose Company was a leading department store in Atlanta from 1866 until 1931, competing with Rich's.
The original store was located on the east side of Whitehall St. (now Peachtree St. SW), south of Hunter St. (now King Blvd.). That block is now the location of the Fulton County Government Center.
In May 1918 the store moved "exactly 60 paces south" to new five-story building. The J.M. High Company (a.k.a. High's Department Store, benefactors of today's High Museum of Art) took over the space.
The store filed for bankruptcy in 1930 and closed the next year.
References
Franklin M. Garrett, Atlanta and Environs: A Chronicle of Its People and Events, 1880s-1930s
Sanborn Fire Map of Atlanta, 1911, sheet 465
Defunct department stores based in Atlanta
Demolished buildings and structures in Atlanta
Companies based in Atlanta
American companies established in 1866
Retail companies established in 1866
Retail companies disestablished in 1931
1866 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
1931 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Defunct companies based in Georgia (U.S. state)
Tommy Searle (born 13 June 1989) is an English professional motocross and supercross racer. He competed in the Motocross World Championships from 2005 to 2008 and competed in the AMA Motocross Championships in 2009 and 2010. He returned to the Motocross World Championships from 2011 to 2019. Searle is a three-time MX2 World vice-champion. His fourteen MX2 Grand Prix victories make him Britain's most successful MX2 rider and ranks third in total victories across all classes to multiple world champions David Thorpe and Jeff Smith.
First stint In The FIM MX-GP2 Series
Born in Pembury, England, Searle was a five-times UK youth motocross champion. He made his world championship debut with the Molson Kawasaki MX2 World Championship team for the 2005 British motocross Grand Prix at Matchams Park. He scored his first podium result at the 2006 Swedish Grand Prix and finished the season ranked eighth in the MX2 World Championship final overall standings.
2007
In 2007, Searle continued to compete in the FIM MX2 Motocross World Championship, and confirmed his status as one of the best young talents in world motocross when, he finished second overall to Antonio Cairoli final standings, including moto wins at the Grand Prix of Sweden and Great Britain, and seven podium finishes.
2008
2008 saw Searle race to his most successful season to date, as he once again finished in second place overall in the MX2-GP Motocross World Championship. He remained in contention for first place until the last race of the season, but was edged out by South African rider Tyla Rattray. However, he won the Grand Prixs of Bulgaria, France, the Czech Republic and Citta di Faenza, and also scored podium finishes in Portugal, Italy, Great Britain, South Africa, Ireland and Benelux.
In January 2008, Searle signed a contract with KTM North America to compete in the AMA 2009 AMA MX Lites series. Pit Beirer, director of off-road racing at KTM, said of Searle 'His riding and rate of progression make him an excellent member of our MX2 team and we are now excited about his future achievements in the US'.
Stint In The AMA Supercross/Motocross Nationals Series
In his first season racing in the U.S., Searle finished in 6th place in the 250 class of the 2009 AMA Motocross Championship. He made the podium three times, finishing 3rd overall at Mt. Morris, Lakewood and Buchanan. Searle's debut AMA Supercross season ended early when he injured his shoulder at the Anaheim Two meeting on 23 January. In the two rounds in which he competed before the injury, Searle finished 7th overall at the Anaheim One meeting, and 8th overall at the Phoenix meeting.
In 2010 Searle embarked on his second season in the 250 class of the AMA Motocross Championship. But once again his progress was hampered by injury, and he finished fourteenth overall after missing a number of races. His best result was a second place in the first moto of the opening round at Hangtown.
Second stint In The FIM MX-GP2 Series
In August 2010, Searle left KTM and announced a return to the FIM MX-GP2 circuit with the CLS Monster Energy Kawasaki Pro Circuit team.
2011
Searle finished a strong third overall for the 2011 FIM Motocross World Championship season, behind Redbull Teka KTM riders Ken Roczen and Jeffrey Herlings. He secured overall wins at the Grand Prix of France and Europe, and also managed to finish on the podium at the Grand Prix of Bulgaria, Netherlands, the United States, Spain, Germany, Latvia, the Czech Republic, Britain and Italy. While fast throughout, he was often hindered by poor starts, meaning he would lose time by having to fight his way through the pack in the early laps of a moto, allowing the leaders - usually Roczen and Herlings - to pull away.
2012
In his final season in the MX-GP2 class, Searle once again finished runner-up in the championship standings, this time to Red Bull KTM Factory Racing Team rider Jeffrey Herlings. Mechanical DNFs in the first moto of the Italian GP, and in both motos of the Latvian GP, ultimately cost him his chance of taking the title. However, he still managed to secure overall wins at the GPs of Bulgaria, Brazil, Belgium, Sweden, Great Britain and Germany, and finished on the podium a further seven times, for a total of 13 podia finishes out of 16 GPs.
His victory at the GP of Great Britain in August 2012, the 13th of his career, saw him become - at the age of only 23 - the third most successful British motocross GP rider of all time in terms of number of GPs won, behind only former world champions Dave Thorpe and Jeff Smith.
Stint In The FIM MX-GP1 Series
In 2013, Searle remained with Team Floride Monster Energy Pro-Circuit Kawasaki, and embarked upon his first season in the premier MX-GP1 class. The opening round of the season saw Qatar host its first ever MX-GP event, in which Searle finished 6th overall. Similarly, round two also saw Thailand host its first ever MX-GP event, in which Searle finished 4th overall. In round three, the series returned to the more established climes of the Valkenswaad circuit in the Netherlands, in which Searle finished 9th overall.
On January 9, 2015, Searle announced his signing for the Red Bull KTM Factory Racing Team. He signed to compete in the 2020 British Motocross National Championship for the Buildbase Honda team managed by former world champion David Thorpe.
References
Living people
1989 births
People from Pembury
British motocross riders
SønderjyskE is a Danish sport club. They have two handball teams (one male based in Sønderborg, one female based in Aabenraa), two football teams (one professional male club and one professional female club, both based in Haderslev) and an ice hockey team based in Vojens. All the teams play in Southern Jutland. The name is short for Sønderjysk Elitesport (English language: Southern Jutlandic Elite Sport).
History
SønderjyskE was created as a club for the whole region of South Jutland as it was obvious that it was impossible to create elite teams able to compete in the top leagues on the former basis of city teams. The men's football team used to be solely based in the city of Haderslev under the name Haderslev FK. In 2004 all the elite teams in football, ice hockey and handball merged into SønderjyskE, enabling the clubs to represent not only a city but the whole region of South Jutland (Sønderjylland), which drew more attention to the teams from sponsors, fans and media and made it easier to keep talents in South Jutland.
As of 2009-07-01 4 of the 5 teams in the club play in the best Danish leagues: Men's football (The Latest position: 6th), women's football (the latest position: relegated to second-best league), women's handball (the latest position: 12th) and the ice hockey team (the latest position: 1st). The male handball team finished 1st in the second-best Danish league.
Team (Men)
Staff
Current squad
Squad for the 2022-23 season
Goalkeeper
12 Kasper Larsen
26 Rasmus Bech
Wingers
LW
6 Nikolaj Svalastog
67 Tobias Møller
RW
10 Nikolai Vinther
18 Alec Smit
Pivots
14 Jacob Bagersted
18 Morten Bjørnshauge
22 Marius Galta Ferkingstad
Back players
LB
25 Kristian Jakobsen Stranden
66 Noah Gaudin
CB
19 Malthe Damgaard
20 August Wiger
RB
4 Andreas Lang
24 Sebastian Augustinussen
Transfers
Transfers for the season 2022-23
Joining
Rasmus Bech (GK) (from Mors-Thy Håndbold)
Sebastian Augustinussen (RB/RW) (from TV Bittenfeld)
Jacob Bagersted (P) (from Frisch Auf Göppingen)
Marius Galta Ferkingstad (P) (from IFK Ystad)
Leaving
Malthe Kronborg (GK)
Kristian Dahl Pedersen (GK) (to HSC 2000 Coburg)
Oliver Nøddesbo Eggert (LB) (to Istres Provence Handball)
Thomas Mogensen (CB) (Retires)
Marcus Dahlin (RB) (to Ribe-Esbjerg HH)
Viktor Nevers (RW) (to KIF Kolding)
Frederik Ladefoged (P) (to Bergischer HC)
Sveinn Jóhannsson (P) (to Skjern Håndbold)
Team (women)
Staff
Current squad
Squad for the 2022-23 season
Goalkeeper
1 Alberte Stenderup
12 Stine Broløs Kristensen
Wingers
LW
5 Mette Lassen
9 Katja Johansen
RW
6 Lea Hansen
11 Pernille Johansen
Pivot
7 Ricka Gindrup
24 Josefine Dragenberg
Back players
LB
8 Tine Geertsen
14 Louise Ellebæk
22 Olivia Simonsen
CB
4 Celina Hansen (c)
13 Sofie Schelde-Rasmussen
28 Sarah Paulsen
RB
19 Eline Osland
Transfers
Transfers for the 2022-23 season
Joining
Louise Ellebæk (LB) (from Silkeborg-Voel KFUM)
Olivia Simonsen (LB) (from Herning-Ikast Håndbold)
Lea Hansen (RW) (from Silkeborg-Voel KFUM)
Josefine Dragenberg (P) (from Holstebro Håndbold)
Leaving
Lene Østergaard (LB) (Retires)
Rebecca Sønderskov (CB) (to Hadsten Sports Klub Håndbold)
Daniela Gustin (RW) (Retires)
Camilla Aastrup (LP) (Retires)
Alberte Kristensen (LP) (to BK Heid)
References
Danish handball clubs
Handball clubs established in 2004
2004 establishments in Denmark
SønderjyskE
Pierre Sagna (11 July 1932 − 24 May 2008) was a Senegalese Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1959, Sagna was named bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Louis du Sénégal, Senegal in 1974 and resigned in 2003.
References
1932 births
2008 deaths
People from Ziguinchor
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Senegal
Roman Catholic bishops of Saint-Louis du Sénégal
Seahaven is an extinct town in Pacific County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
Seahaven was laid out in the late 1880s. A post office called Sea Haven was established in 1890, and remained in operation until 1891.
References
Ghost towns in Washington (state)
Geography of Pacific County, Washington
Licher is a brewery in Lich, Germany. With 250 employees, the brewery is the largest in Lich. "Licher Beer" has been market leader since 1988 in Hessen and is known to be one of the top 20 beers in the German beer market.
Founding and beginnings
J.H. Ihring Brauerei
In 1854, brewer Johann Heinrich Ihring started the J.H. Ihring Brewery in Lich am Hardtberg. At this location there is a natural spring and a fermentation cellar for chilling the beer. Johann's father was known to provide the beer to the guests and residents of his guesthouse, which was called "Zum goldenen Löwen" ("The Golden Lion"). Since 1873, the steam-brewing process has been powered by a 6 HP motor. At the turn of the century, the company had brewed a total of 22,000 hectoliters. In 1911 the beer of the brewery was transported between locations with a single truck belonging to the brewery.
Gambrinus-Brewery
Starting in 1858, Christoph Jakob Melchior ran "Zum goldenen Stern" ("The Golden Star") guesthouse in Butzbach with his self-brewed beer provided to the guests. Three years later construction of the private brewery began and shortly thereafter construction was begun on subsequent guesthouse to be called "Zum Gambrinus" ("The Gambrinus") featuring an outdoor gastronome. In 1896 Melchior died and his sons Hermann Melchior and the late Christoph Melchior took over the business. Starting in 1890, the boys had helped their father to seek new business further away through their communication with customers, three years later, the guesthouse was provided with electricity, leading to the installation of a refrigerator to be used in the brewing shortly after. At the turn of century this brewery had produced upwards of 27,000 hectoliters.
Brauerei Ihring-Melchior KG
Because of the close proximity of the breweries (15 km) they joined together to form the "Union Brauerei" ("Union Brewery") During the World War I the breweries were forced to split apart. In 1922 the two owners, Christoph Melchior and Heinrich Ihring came together and discussed a plan for the reunification of the breweries. On February 17, 1922, a deal was agreed upon and the "Brauerei Ihring-Melchior" was established. On October 1, 1922, the location of the brewery was agreed upon and established in Lich, Mittelhesse.
The cumulative production of the breweries raised annual production to approximately 60,000 hectoliters. Due to the terrible and exorbitant inflation of the 1920s, the brewery established a new record when its yearly profit was reported as 1,626,239,640,632 Marks. In the same year, Heinrich Ihring's son, Hans Ihring started an Ice-production company and in 1925/1926 had a production capability of nearly 25 tons of ice per day, regardless of weather conditions. In 1929 the company had grown and employed 100 people.
Because of the market crash of the late 1920s and early 1930s production in 1931 sank to record low of a mere 44,000 Hectoliters, the lowest production of the company since its unification of the two parent breweries. It was in 1933 that Heinrich Ihring died, his company was still struggling in the poor market conditions. In 1938 production had once again risen and was reported as 80,000 hectoliters, in this year the company adopted a new means of cleaning and filling bottles, likely aiding in the success of that year. During World War II the brewery remained intact and unscathed. After the war's end, the brewery came under the control of the American occupational forces and supplied to the soldiers located in the country. In 1948 the brewery was allowed exports and produced the "Doppel-Export" ("Double-Export") which held a 14% market share.
In 1999, Licher bought a portion of "Holstein-Brauerei AG" and later came to buy out the entire company. In 2004 both companies came together under the "Carlsberg-Gruppe", however, this unity was short lived after the ownership rights were repurchased in 2004.
Current business
Since 2004 Licher has worked as partners with König Brewery, a brewery owned by Bitburger. The company is operated under the DIN/ISO 9001 requirements and fulfills all the requirements of the "International Food Standard" (IFS). The company is renowned by the Hessian Umweltministerium (Environment Protection Agency) for its extraordinarily clean production process. Since 2006, the two bottling facilities operated under Licher contracts have been capable of producing 115,000 bottles of beer per hour.
During the 1960s the company's slogan read "Aus dem Herzen von Hessen" (From the Heart of Hessen"), but in 1970 the slogan was modified to read "Licher Bier, aus dem Herzen der Natur" ("Licher Beer, From the Heart of Nature").
Sales to U.S. Armed Forces
By the mid 1980s, Licher had become one of the favored beer brands for U.S. forces in Hessen, with sales in posts across the region. The brand could be found in Enlisted, Non-Commissioned, and Officer Clubs on tap and by bottle, as well as at PXs and commissaries. The brewery became a frequent host for "friendship" tours for various nearby units; each visit climaxing with the opportunity for soldiers to sample Licher beers in breadth and depth.
Products
In 2006 the brewery produced 780,000 hectoliters of beer utilizing water from a deep natural spring and the highest quality wheat. Current beers and drinks from Licher include "Licher Premium Pilsener", "Licher Export", "Licher Alkoholfrei" (Alcohol-Free), "Licher Leicht" (Low-carb beer), "Licher x² Cola" (A drink containing 40% Pilsener beer and 60% cola), "Licher x² Fresh Lemon" (A drink made with half Pilsener beer and half lemonade), "Licher Radler" (Similar to the Fresh Lemon variety with an added citrus flavour and a more subtle lemon flavour). In 2006 a new variety was added "Licher Weizen Hefe Hell" (Light Wheat Beer) and in 2007 another alcohol free Pilsener variety was added, in addition to this a seasonal brew was introduced called "Doppelbock". Starting in 2010, the brewery began producing "Licher x² Energy" (A drink containing 40% Pilsener beer and 60% energy drink).
Literature
Licher Privatbrauerei Jhring-Melchior GmbH & Co. KG: 150 Jahre Licher, Lich 2004
References
Breweries in Germany
Beer brands of Germany
Companies based in Hesse
Giessen (district)
German companies established in 1854
Sidewinder is the fourth album from Australian nu metal band Superheist, released on 3 May 2019 through Black Mountain Music.
The album was announced on 1 April 2019 alongside the release of the first single "The Riot", and a music video for the track was released on the band's YouTube channel the same day. It is the first Superheist release to feature bassist Si Durrant since 2000's 8 Miles High and the first album to feature guitarist Keir Gotcher and former Devil You Know (now known as Light the Torch) drummer John Sankey. It is the final album to feature vocalist Ezekiel Ox before his departure in July 2020.
At the AIR Awards of 2020, the album was nominated for Best Independent Heavy Album or EP.
Track listing
Personnel
Superheist
Ezekiel Ox – vocals
dw Norton – guitar, keyboards
Keir Gotcher – guitar
Simon Durrant – bass
John Sankey – drums
Additional musicians
London – vocals on "Shockwaves"
Dana Roskvist – vocals on "And So We Burn"
References
Superheist albums
2019 albums
The Second World War is a history of the period from the end of the First World War to July 1945, written by Winston Churchill. Churchill labelled the "moral of the work" as follows: "In War: Resolution, In Defeat: Defiance, In Victory: Magnanimity, In Peace: Goodwill".
Churchill wrote the book, with a team of assistants, using both his own notes and privileged access to official documents while still working as a politician; the text was vetted by the Cabinet Secretary. Churchill was largely fair in his treatment, but wrote the history from his personal point of view. He was unable to reveal all the facts, as some, such as the use of Ultra electronic intelligence, had to remain secret. From a historical point of view the book is therefore an incomplete memoir by a leading participant in the direction of the war.
The book was a major commercial success in Britain and the United States. The first edition appeared in six volumes; later editions appeared in twelve and four volumes, and furthermore there is also a single-volume abridged version.
Writing
When Churchill assumed office in 1940, he intended to write a history of the war then beginning. He said several times: "I will leave judgements on this matter to history—but I will be one of the historians." To circumvent the rules against the use of official documents, he took the precaution throughout the war of having a weekly summary of correspondence, minutes, memoranda and other documents printed in galleys and headed "Prime Minister's personal minutes". These were then stored at his home and Churchill wrote or dictated letters and memoranda with the intention of placing his views on the record, for later use as a historian. The arrangements became a source of controversy when The Second World War began appearing in 1948. Churchill was a politician, not an academic historian and was Leader of the Opposition, intending to return to office, so Churchill's access to Cabinet, military and diplomatic records denied to other historians was questioned.
It was not known at the time that Churchill had done a deal with Clement Attlee and the Labour government which came to office in 1945. Attlee agreed to allow Churchill's research assistants access to all documents, provided that no official secrets were revealed, the documents were not used for party political purposes and the typescript was vetted by the Cabinet Secretary, Sir Norman Brook. Brook took a close interest in the books and rewrote some sections to ensure that British interests were not harmed or the government embarrassed. Churchill's privileged access to documents and his knowledge gave him an advantage over other historians of the Second World War for many years. The books had enormous sales in both Britain and the United States and made Churchill a rich man for the first time. The gathered documents were placed in chronologies by his advisers, and this store of material was further supplemented by dictated recollections of key episodes, together with queries about chronology, location and personalities for his team to resolve. Churchill also wrote to many fellow actors requesting documents and comments. Once all was collected and collated, Churchill began writing in earnest, dictating almost all of the work, with the notable exception of several long passages in Volume I.
As various archives have been opened, several deficiencies of the work have become apparent. Some of these are inherent in the position Churchill occupied as a former prime minister and a serving politician. He could not reveal ongoing military secrets, such as the work of the code breakers at Bletchley Park, or the planning of the atomic bomb. As stated in the author's introduction, the book concentrates on the British war effort. Other theatres of war are described largely as a background. The descriptions of the fighting on the Eastern Front and to a lesser extent, of the Pacific War are sketchy. Although he is usually fair, some personal vendettas are aired, for example against Sir Stafford Cripps, at one time considered by some the "only possible alternative wartime Prime Minister" to Churchill. He modified a number of passages when he learnt that General Dwight Eisenhower was to run for the US presidency, removing any remarks which might harm the "special relationship" which he intended to establish (or re-establish) with the new president.
Legacy
The Second World War can be read by students of the period as a memoir by a leading participant, rather than a comprehensive history by a professional and detached historian. The Second World War, particularly the period from when Britain fought with the support of the Empire and a few Allies, was the climax of Churchill's career and his inside story of those days is unique and invaluable.
American historian Raymond Callahan, reviewing In Command of History by David Reynolds about Churchill's The Second World War, wrote:
Callahan concluded that notwithstanding any changes to historians' understanding of the book, now that what Churchill wrote has been compared in detail to the released archives, Churchill "remains the arresting figure he has always been—dynamic, often wrong, but the indispensable leader" who led Britain to "its last, terribly costly, imperial victory." In Callahan's view, Churchill was guilty of "carefully reconstructing the story" to suit his postwar political goals.
John Keegan wrote in the 1985 introduction to the series that some deficiencies in the account stem from the secrecy of Ultra intelligence. Keegan held that Churchill's account was unique, since none of the other leaders (Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S. Truman, Benito Mussolini, Joseph Stalin, Adolf Hitler, Hideki Tojo) wrote a firsthand account of the war. Churchill's books were written collaboratively, as he solicited others involved in the war for their papers and remembrances.
Editions
The Second World War has been issued in editions of six, twelve and four volumes, as well as a single-volume abridgment. Some volumes in these editions share names, such as Triumph and Tragedy but the contents of the volumes differ, covering varying portions of the book.
The country of first publication was the United States, preceding publication in the United Kingdom by six months. This was a consequence of the many last minute changes which Churchill insisted be made to the London Cassell edition, which he considered to be definitive.
First edition (hardcover) in six volumes
The Gathering Storm (1948)
Their Finest Hour (1949)
The Grand Alliance (1950)
The Hinge of Fate (1950)
Closing the Ring (1951)
Triumph and Tragedy (1953)
Full paperback edition in twelve volumes
The Gathering Storm
The Twilight War
The Fall of France
The Commonwealth Alone
Germany Drives East
War Comes to America
The Onslaught of Japan
Victory in Africa
The Invasion of Italy
Assault from the Air
The Tide of Victory
Triumph and Tragedy
Condensed edition in four volumes
Milestones to Disaster
Alone
The Grand Alliance
Triumph and Tragedy
See also
History of the Second World War, the official history by the British government
General bibliography
Citations
External links
1948 non-fiction books
1949 non-fiction books
1950 non-fiction books
1951 non-fiction books
1953 non-fiction books
Books by Winston Churchill
Book series introduced in 1948
English non-fiction literature
History books about the United Kingdom
Series of history books about World War II
Sandown Platform was a railway station in the then-industrial suburb of Camellia in Sydney, Australia, which opened 24 October 1892. The station was situated on the Sandown railway line adjacent to the Parramatta River and was the location for a container terminal as well as a refinery tanker loading facility. It was the terminus for electric train services on the Sandown line which commenced 10 August 1959.
Passenger services for the Abattoirs line were operated by CPH railmotors operating from Sandown via Lidcombe until November 1984. Passenger services to Sandown ceased on 19 December 1991. The Sandown line officially closed on 1 July 2019, with a section of the corridor set aside for use as part of the Parramatta Light Rail.
A signal box, the Steel Plate loading platform and sidings belonging to the refinery were located beyond Sandown. A siding branched off the line just before the platform.
Neighbouring stations
Cream Of Tartar Works Platform, which was located up from Sandown Platform, closed in July 1959.
See also
Clyde Refinery
References
Disused railway stations in Sydney
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1892
Railway stations closed in 1991
1991 disestablishments in Australia
Coțofănești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bâlca, Boiștea de Jos, Borșani, Coțofănești and Tămășoaia.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Wyoming Highway 310 (WYO 310) is a Wyoming State Road located in central Platte County.
Route description
Wyoming Highway 310 begins its western end (southern at this point) at Reservoir Road on the edge of the Wheatland Reservoir #1, southwest of Wheatland. WYO 310 travels due north, named Hightower Road, for approximately 4 miles until it intersects the southern terminus of Wyoming Highway 311 (N. Hightower Road) near the CDP of Westview Circle. Here WYO 310 turns east toward Wheatland and travels now due east for almost 4 miles before reaching 16th Street, the former routing of US 87 through Wheatland, where it turns south onto 16th Street. Highway 310 travels south for a short distance of only 0.33 miles and ends at an intersection with I-25 Business/US 87 Business and the northern terminus of Wyoming Highway 312.
History
The length of Highway 310 between its southern terminus and Oak Street in Wheatland was the former routing of US Route 87 prior to its relocation onto Interstate 25. Prior to this, WYO 310 used to end at the intersection of Oak Street and 16th Street (Old US 87), but was later extended south another third of a mile to its current terminus.
Major intersections
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 300-399
Wyoming Highway 310 - WYO 311 to Reservoir Road
Wyoming Highway 310 - I-25 Bus/US-87 Bus/WYO 312 to WYO 311
Transportation in Platte County, Wyoming
311
"Now That You Can't Have Me" is the second and final single from Cosima De Vito's self-titled debut album, Cosima. Released in December 2004 following the success of "When the War Is Over", the single peaked at number forty-two on the ARIA Charts.
About the record
"Now That You Can't Have Me" was penned by songwriter Diane Warren and was produced by Khris Kellow (who produced Christina Aguilera's debut album). It was said that when Cosima first heard the song, she believed it destined for her.
The song is the sultry ode of a woman who no longer wants her ex-lover back. The chorus says "Now that you can't have me, that's when you want me. But baby, it's too late, time to set the record straight." The song is woman-empowering and documents the heartache of a relationship breakdown before refusing to accept her ex-lover's apology.
Reception
"Now That You Can't Have Me" proved to be an unsuccessful single. There was much controversy among Cosima fans at the time that mainstream radio refused to play the song. Indeed, some radio stations labelled the song 'unsuitable' and not 'radio-friendly'. The song peaked at number forty-two on its debut and dropped out of the Top fifty thereafter and spent eight weeks in the top one hundred.
Music video
The music video for "Now That You Can't Have Me" was directed by Paul Joseph Sullivan and showed a different side to Cosima's image. Revealing a sultry, mysterious side, the clip used lots of shadows and lightning to heighten the dramatic effect. Cosima appears at time in a dark room with candles, suggesting witchcraft. The music video was initially very popular on shows such as Video Hits and was on high rotation.
Track listing
"Now That You Can't Have Me" - 3:27
"Now That You Can't Have Me" (Club Remix) - 8:33
Charts
2004 singles
Cosima De Vito songs
Songs written by Diane Warren
2004 songs
1921 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 15th water polo championship in Hungary. There were five teams who played one round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1921 in water polo
1921 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Gary Collins (born January 24, 1960) is an American stock car racing driver. Now retired, he competed primarily in the NASCAR Winston West Series, however he also ran selected races in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series and NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series, and was among the drivers selected to compete in the first NASCAR exhibition race held in Australia in 1988.
Racing career
The son of Marion Collins, owner of Mesa Marin Raceway, Collins ran a total of four NASCAR Winston Cup Series races in his career; all four were combination races with the Winston West Series. His Winston Cup Series debut came at Phoenix International Raceway in the 1988 Checker 500, where he started 39th and finished 33rd in a family-owned Oldsmobile. He would run two more races at Phoenix, in 1990 and 1991, posting the best finish of 33rd in the 1990 event; his final Winston Cup start came at Sears Point International Raceway in the 1994 Save Mart Supermarkets 300, where he finished 40th while driving a Ford for Venable Racing.
Collins was one of the drivers selected to compete in the Goodyear NASCAR 500, the first exhibition race held by NASCAR in Australia; he set the tenth fastest time in qualifying, and finished 19th in the event, crashing out on lap 80.
During the winter of 1993, Collins and his family-owned race team constructed the first-ever prototype NASCAR SuperTruck Series presented by Craftsman chassis, demonstrating that the concept, developed by Collins in conjunction with off-road racing veterans Scoop Vessels and Jim Venable, was feasible. He was one of the drivers selected to compete in the four preliminary events that established the viability of the SuperTruck Series; in the second, held at Saugus Speedway, he was flagged the winner of the event, when the race was shortened five laps before its scheduled finish due to rain. In 1995, Collins also ran four of the first six SuperTruck Series events in a family-owned No. 74 Chevrolet, posting the best finish of tenth in his final race in the series at Evergreen Speedway.
In NASCAR's lower-level series, in the Winston West Series Collins won two races of 43 he competed in between 1988 and 2001; his wins came at Mesa Marin Raceway in 1994, driving for Venable, and at Tucson Speedway in 1997 while running for his family team. his best points finish in the series came in 1995, when he finished 15th in the final standings, having competed in 7 of 15 events. Collins also ran a limited number of Featherlite Southwest Tour events, running eighteen races between 1987 and 1997, with the best finish of third at Mesa Marin in 1989.
Following his racing career, Collins joined NTS Motorsports, becoming director of competition for the team's efforts in the SRL Southwest Tour, the successor to the Featherlite Southwest Tour.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Winston Cup Series
SuperTruck Series
References
External links
Living people
1960 births
Racing drivers from Bakersfield, California
NASCAR drivers
Towchal (, also Romanized as Towchāl) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,551, in 423 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
The 2014 Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg was the first race of the 2014 IndyCar Series season, the race took place on March 30 in St. Petersburg, Florida, on the city's temporary street course. The race was won by Will Power for Team Penske. Ryan Hunter-Reay finished second ahead of Hélio Castroneves, Scott Dixon, and Simon Pagenaud. The top finishing rookie in the race was Mikhail Aleshin, in 12th position.
Report
Background
Scott Dixon entered this race as the defending series champion, having won his third Indycar title in the 2013 IndyCar Series season from Hélio Castroneves.
This was the first race for 3 Indycar rookies. Jack Hawksworth raced in the number 98 for Bryan Herta Autosport after moving up from the Indy Lights series. Mikhail Aleshin and Carlos Huertas, who both raced in Formula Renault 3.5 in 2013, made their debuts as well, with Aleshin racing for Schmidt Peterson Hamilton Motorsports and Huertas Dale Coyne Racing. Carlos Muñoz was the 4th rookie in the field with 3 Indycar races in the 2013 IndyCar Series season, most notably the 2013 Indianapolis 500.
Returning to American open wheel racing, since his last race in 2000, is Juan Pablo Montoya, the 1999 CART Champion and the 2000 Indianapolis 500 winner. In 2014 he will drive for Team Penske in the number 2 car.
This was also the first race for Chip Ganassi Racing using Chevrolet engines after the switch from Honda, with Tony Kanaan replacing Dario Franchitti, after his career ending crash in the second Houston race last year. Other drivers racing for a new team are; Ryan Briscoe with Chip Ganassi Racing, Mike Conway with Ed Carpenter Racing, Sébastien Bourdais and Sebastián Saavedra with KV Racing Technology.
Classification
Qualifying
Race results
Notes
Points include 1 point for leading at least 1 lap during a race, an additional 2 points for leading the most race laps, and 1 point for Pole Position.
Championship standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Manufacturer standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included.
References
http://www.imscdn.com/INDYCAR/Documents/2888/2014-03-30/indycar-race-lapfinal.pdf
http://www.autosport.com/news/report.php/id/113203
http://www.indycar.com/News/2014/03/3-30-Box-Score-StPete
Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg
Grand Prix of St. Petersburg
Grand Prix of St. Petersburg
21st century in St. Petersburg, Florida
Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg
Kabud Gonbad () may refer to:
Kabud Gonbad, East Azerbaijan
Kabud Gonbad, Tehran
Kabud Gonbad, Zanjan
Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in Razavi Khorasan Province
Campbell County is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 93,076. Its county seats are Alexandria and Newport. The county was formed on December 17, 1794, from sections of Scott, Harrison, and Mason Counties and was named for Colonel John Campbell (1735–1799), a Revolutionary War soldier and Kentucky legislator.
Campbell County, with Boone and Kenton Counties, is part of the Northern Kentucky metro community, and the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Campbell County was founded December 17, 1794, two years after the creation of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, becoming the state's 19th county. Campbell County was carved out of Scott, Harrison and Mason counties. The original county included all present Boone, Kenton, Pendleton, and most Bracken and Grant counties. Campbell County is named in honor of John Campbell, an Irish immigrant who was a soldier, explorer, statesman and one of the drafters of the Kentucky Constitution.
The first courthouse, built of logs, was replaced in 1815 by a brick structure. The present courthouse dates from 1884.
County seat
Wilmington, a pioneer settlement, was the original county seat of Campbell County from 1794 until 1797. The original justices in the Campbell County Court were John Roberts, Thomas Kennedy, Samuel Bryan, John Cook, James Little, Robert Benham and John Bush. Newport was designated as the county seat until 1823, when it was moved to Visalia, at that time closer to the geographical center of the county. This was an unpopular action, however, as the overwhelming majority of residents lived in the north, along the Ohio River. The county court returned to Newport in 1824 and remained there until 1840.
In 1840, Kenton County was created, primarily out of a significant portion of Campbell. The Kentucky General Assembly forced the county to move its seat to Alexandria, closer to the center of the new, smaller Campbell County. In 1883, after years of lobbying, the General Assembly established a special provision to allow Newport to designate a Court House District separate from the offices in Alexandria.
The special Courthouse Commission legislation led to the misconception that the county was dual seated, but Alexandria remained the sole de jure county seat. It was not until November 24, 2010, that a court ruling granted Newport equal status as a county seat.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.1%) is water. It is the fourth-smallest county in Kentucky by land area and fifth-smallest by total area. It lies along the Ohio and Licking Rivers.
Adjacent counties
Hamilton County, Ohio (north)
Clermont County, Ohio (east)
Pendleton County (south)
Kenton County (west)
Major highways
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 88,616 people, 34,742 households, and 23,103 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 36,898 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.64% White, 1.57% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.31% from other races, and 0.76% from two or more races. 0.86% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race. This number has decreased to about 0.2% based on a 2006 Census Estimate by the United States Census Bureau.
There were 34,742 households, out of which 32.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.30% were married couples living together, 12.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.50% were non-families. 28.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.09.
The age distribution was 25.60% under 18, 9.80% from 18 to 24, 30.60% from 25 to 44, 21.30% from 45 to 64, and 12.60% who were 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 93.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,903, and the median income for a family was $51,481. Males had a median income of $37,931 versus $27,646 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,637. About 7.30% of families and 9.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.20% of those under age 18 and 7.90% of those age 65 or over.
Education
There are six school districts in Campbell County.
Bellevue Independent Schools, Bellevue
Campbell County Schools, Alexandria
Dayton Independent Schools, Dayton
Fort Thomas Independent Schools, Fort Thomas
Newport Independent Schools, Newport
Southgate Independent School District has but one PreK-8th school in it.
former
Silver Grove Independent Schools, Silver Grove - merged with the Campbell County district on July 1, 2019.
Northern Kentucky University located in Highland Heights provides the area with access to higher education.
Public high schools
Students in the county attend one of 6 public and 2 parochial high schools.
Private high schools
Roman Catholic Diocese of Covington
Bishop Brossart High School, Alexandria
Newport Central Catholic High School, Newport
Communities
Cities
Alexandria (county seat)
Bellevue
California
Camp Springs
Cold Spring
Crestview
Dayton
Fort Thomas
Highland Heights
Melbourne
Mentor
Newport (county seat)
Silver Grove
Southgate
Wilder
Woodlawn
Census-designated place
Claryville
Other unincorporated places
Brayville
Politics
Politically, Campbell County is very Republican. In presidential elections it has only voted Democratic once since 1948.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Campbell County, Kentucky
References
External links
Campbell County government's website
Campbell County Public Library
Campbell County Search & Rescue
Historical Images and Texts of Campbell County
1794 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Northern Kentucky University
Populated places established in 1794
Six ships of the Royal Navy have been called HMS Imogen or HMS Imogene. A seventh was planned but never built:
was an 18-gun sloop, originally the French privateer Diable-a-Quatre. She was captured in 1800 and foundered in 1805.
was a 16-gun brig-sloop launched in 1805 and sold in 1817.
was a 28-gun sixth rate, originally named HMS Pearl, but renamed in 1826 and launched in 1831. She was burnt by accident in 1840.
HMS Imogene was to have been a wooden screw corvette, ordered in 1861 but cancelled in 1863.
was a Coastguard vessel launched in 1864. She was renamed HMS Argus in 1884 and was sold in 1903.
was an iron screw yacht, formerly the Jacamar, built in 1882 by Barclay, Curle & Co, Glasgow. She was purchased in 1882, renamed HMS Impey in 1919 and was sold later that year.
was an launched in 1936 and sunk in a collision in 1940.
Royal Navy ship names
The Yachats State Recreation Area is a state park in southern Lincoln County, Oregon, in the central district of the town of Yachats. It is administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department. It is located on the Pacific Ocean coast, on the north side of the mouth of the Yachats River. The park is open for day use only, and offers wildlife and surf viewing, tidepools, fishing, and picnicking.
See also
List of Oregon State Parks
Yachats Ocean Road State Natural Site
References
External links
State parks of Oregon
Oregon Coast
Parks in Lincoln County, Oregon
IUCN Category V
The Syrian Republic was a period in the history of Syria which lasted from 1930 to 1963.
This period can further be divided into two periods differing based on the political affiliation of the country:
Mandatory Syrian Republic (1930–1946), formed in 1930 as a component of the Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon, succeeding the State of Syria. A treaty of independence was made in 1936 to grant independence to Syria and end official French rule, but the French parliament refused to accept the agreement. From 1940 to 1941, the Syrian Republic was under the control of Vichy France, and after the Allied invasion in 1941 gradually went on the path towards independence. The proclamation of independence took place in 1944, but only in October 1945 Syrian Republic was de jure recognized by the United Nations; it became a de facto sovereign state on 17 April 1946, with the withdrawal of French troops.
Syrian Republic (1946–1963) (part of the United Arab Republic union during 1958–1961), recognized as a sovereign state in 1945 and becoming de facto independent in April 1946 from the Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon. In 1958, Syria joined with the Republic of Egypt in forming the United Arab Republic, though Syria withdrew from the union in 1961 and adopted the name Syrian Arab Republic. In 1963, the Syrian Ba'athist party came to power in a bloody military coup, which laid foundations for the political structure in Syria for the next decades.
References
20th century in Syria
Occupation: Dreamland is a "grunt's-eye view," 2005 documentary film focused on a company of the 1/505 of the 82nd Airborne Division in Fallujah, Iraq, in early 2004. It is directed by Ian Olds and Garrett Scott.
The title comes from the nickname of the base, Camp Volturno, on the outskirts of Fallujah. The American soldiers housed there called the place "Camp Dreamland." The film includes interviews with US soldiers, footage of their patrols in Fallujah, as well as interviews with Iraqi civilians.
Garrett Scott died of a heart attack at age 37 in 2005, days before Occupation won the Independent Spirit Award. Ian Olds has written and directed several short fiction films and a documentary about journalists in Afghanistan.
Synopsis
In January, 2004, in Al-Falluja, Iraq, a documentary film crew follows an infantry squad of the 82nd Airborne Division, US Army. Cameras accompany the squad of seven on day and night patrols, as they watch their backs, kick down doors, search for weapons, interrogate women, detain a few people, and listen to the complaints of locals. At their barracks, a former Baathist retreat called Dreamland, the men talk: about why they enlisted, civilian prospects, feelings about the war and Iraqis, where they were when a comrade died a few weeks before.
References
External links
''Occupation: Dreamland at Working Films
2005 films
American documentary films
Documentary films about the Iraq War
2005 documentary films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The 13th constituency of Bouches-du-Rhône is a French legislative constituency in Bouches-du-Rhône.
Deputies
Elections
2022
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
2017
2012
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! colspan="2" rowspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Candidate
! rowspan="2" colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Party
! colspan="2" | 1st round
! colspan="2" | 2nd round
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! width="75" | Votes
! width="30" | %
! width="75" | Votes
! width="30" | %
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Gaby Charroux
| style="text-align:left;" | Left Front
| FG
|
| 27.41%
|
| 60.28%
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | René Raimondi
| style="text-align:left;" | Socialist Party
| PS
|
| 24.82%
|colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | WITHDREW
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Béatrix Espallardo
| style="text-align:left;" | Front National
| FN
|
| 21.69%
|
| 39.72%
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Michèle Vasserot
| style="text-align:left;" | Union for a Popular Movement
| UMP
|
| 14.77%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Paul Lombard
| style="text-align:left;" | Miscellaneous Left
| DVG
|
| 4.04%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Véronique Coulomb
| style="text-align:left;" | Europe Ecology – The Greens
| EELV
|
| 1.99%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Anne Zakarian
| style="text-align:left;" | New Centre-Presidential Majority
| NCE
|
| 1.96%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Adil Fajry
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Left
| EXG
|
| 1.28%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Dominique Laumonier
| style="text-align:left;" | Ecologist
| ECO
|
| 0.75%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Roland Larivier
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Right
| EXD
|
| 0.62%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Monique Guyonnaud-Meugnot
| style="text-align:left;" | Miscellaneous Right
| DVD
|
| 0.37%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Anne Roche
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Left
| EXG
|
| 0.31%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Registered voters
|
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Blank/Void ballots
|
| 1.39%
|
| 4.91%
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Turnout
|
| 59.69%
|
| 57.63%
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Abstentions
|
| 40.31%
|
| 42.37%
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="6" style="text-align:left;" | Result
| colspan="2" style="background-color:" | FG GAIN FROM PCF
|}
2007
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! colspan="2" rowspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Candidate
! rowspan="2" colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Party
! colspan="2" | 1st round
! colspan="2" | 2nd round
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! width="75" | Votes
! width="30" | %
! width="75" | Votes
! width="30" | %
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Michel Vaxes
| style="text-align:left;" | Communist
| PCF
|
| 30.47%
|
| 56.03%
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Alain Aragneau
| style="text-align:left;" | Union for a Popular Movement
| UMP
|
| 32.74%
|
| 43.97%
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | René Raimondi
| style="text-align:left;" | Socialist Party
| PS
|
| 15.07%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | José Rodriguez
| style="text-align:left;" | Front National
| FN
|
| 5.58%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Jean Fayolle
| style="text-align:left;" | Democratic Movement
| MoDem
|
| 4.55%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Dominique Laumonier
| style="text-align:left;" | Ecologist
| ECO
|
| 2.29%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Dany Sans
| style="text-align:left;" | Independent
| DIV
|
| 2.23%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Géraldine Grimaud
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Left
| EXG
|
| 1.92%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Salim Djerari
| style="text-align:left;" | Independent
| DIV
|
| 1.01%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Marie-Christine Pinard
| style="text-align:left;" | Hunting, Fishing, Nature, Traditions
| CPNT
|
| 0.98%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Claude Donjerkovic
| style="text-align:left;" | Movement for France
| MPF
|
| 0.77%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Hervé Guerrera
| style="text-align:left;" | Regionalist
| REG
|
| 0.75%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Roland Lariviere
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Right
| EXD
|
| 0.65%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Anne Roche
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Left
| EXG
|
| 0.59%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Michel Gayvallet
| style="text-align:left;" | Independent
| DIV
|
| 0.40%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Christophe Vivaldi
| style="text-align:left;" | Miscellaneous Right
| DVD
|
| 0.00%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Registered voters
|
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Blank/Void ballots
|
| 1.89%
|
| 3.13%
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Turnout
|
| 60.06%
|
| 60.23%
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Abstentions
|
| 39.94%
|
| 39.77%
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="6" style="text-align:left;" | Result
| colspan="2" style="background-color:" | PCF HOLD
|}
2002
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
1997
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
References
13
Karaköy (lit. black village) is a neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey.
Karaköy may also refer to:
Galata, historic name of the Karaköy neighborhood
Karaköy (Tünel), a station on the Tünel funicular railway in Beyoğlu, Istanbul
Villages in Turkey
Marmara Region
Balıkesir Province
Karaköy, Susurluk
Bilecik Province
Karaköy, Pazaryeri
Bolu Province
Karaköy, Bolu
Karaköy, Kıbrıscık
Black Sea Region
Artvin Province
Karaköy, Şavşat
Samsun Province
Karaköy, Vezirköprü
Aegean Region
Aydın Province
Karaköy, Aydın
Muğla Province
Karaköy, Datça
Central Anatolia Region
Ankara Province
Karaköy, Nallıhan
Karaköy, Çubuk
Mediterranean Region
Antalya Province
Karaköy, Elmalı
Karaköy, Gündoğmuş
Karaköy, Bayramiç
Karaköy, Buldan
Karaköy, Çavdır
Karaköy, Kale
Karaköy, Osmancık
Karaköy, Yeşilova
Karaköy, Yenice
Southeastern Anatolia Region
Batman Province
Karaköy, Hasankeyf
Jordan Clark (born 16 October 2000) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), having been initially drafted to the Geelong Football Club.
Early life
Clark was raised in Albany, Western Australia where he played for the Railways Football Club. At 17 he moved to Perth to attend Guildford Grammar School and played colts for the Claremont Football Club. He was selected 15th overall in the 2018 AFL draft by the Geelong Football Club.
Cricket career
Clark was a talented sportsman as a junior. In January 2017, he represented the Australian under-16 national cricket team in their One Day International series against Pakistan in Dubai, taking a hat-trick in the third match.
AFL career
Clark made his debut in Round 1 of the 2019 AFL season against Collingwood, having 17 disposals.
Clark was traded to Fremantle at the end of the 2021 AFL season.
Clark made his debut for Fremantle in Round 1 of the 2022 AFL season against , kicking a goal. Clark played his 50th game during round 19 against . Clark finished his first season at Fremantle having played every game and averaging a career-high 21.3 disposals.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of round 10, 2022
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
|
| 6 || 18 || 11 || 8 || 171 || 78 || 249 || 76 || 48 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 9.5 || 4.3 || 13.8 || 4.2 || 2.7
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2020
|
| 6 || 3 || 1 || 1 || 24 || 14 || 38 || 12 || 9 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 8.0 || 4.7 || 12.7 || 4.0 || 3.0
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2021
|
| 6 || 11 || 3 || 2 || 61 || 52 || 113 || 26 || 22 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 5.6 || 4.7 || 10.3 || 2.4 || 2.0
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2022
|
| 6 || 10 || 2 || 1 || 122 || 82 || 204 || 46 || 29 || 0.2 || 0.1 || 12.2 || 8.2 || 20.4 || 4.6 || 2.9
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 42
! 17
! 12
! 378
! 226
! 604
! 160
! 108
! 0.4
! 0.3
! 9.0
! 5.4
! 14.4
! 3.8
! 2.6
|}
Notes
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Geelong Football Club players
Claremont Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Fremantle Football Club players
Margarete Jonas (née Towarek; 13 June 1898 in Vienna – 7 August 1976 in Vienna) was the wife of Franz Jonas, who served as federal president of Austria.
They married in 1922. She spoke German, English and Czech. She is buried next to her husband in the presidential vault in the Wiener Zentralfriedhof.
References
1898 births
1976 deaths
Spouses of presidents of Austria
People from Vienna
CLiki is an open source wiki application written in Common Lisp, that was under development from 2002 to 2005.
CLiki was first presented at the International Lisp Conference 2002. CLiki was the first wiki variant to introduce so-called "free links", using the _(free link format) as an alternative to the much-criticized CamelCase.
The CLiki program is free software licensed under the MIT license. It runs under SBCL and uses the Araneida Common Lisp web server.
CLiki also operates a homepage using the software that is dedicated to the subject of Common Lisp.
Cliki2
Since 2011, a new version of Cliki (named Cliki2) was developed by Vladimir Sedach and Andrey Moskvitin, with major features around spam prevention. Other major features are:
Araneida was replaced with Hunchentoot
Real article deletion and undeletion
Code coloring using cl-colorize
Working list of uncategorized/orphan articles
Pages that work well in text browsers (and hopefully screen readers)
References
External links
CLiki
Free wiki software
Common Lisp (programming language) software
Software using the MIT license
Mabel Bagenal ( – December 1595) was an Anglo-Irish noblewoman and Countess of Tyrone, often referred to simplistically as the "Helen of the Elizabethan Wars".
Life
Mabel Bagenal was born around 1571 in Newry. She was the youngest child of Sir Nicholas Bagenal and Eleanor Griffith of Penrhyn, Wales. When her father died in 1590 he charged his son, Henry, with the "careful disposing" of Bagenal through a judicious marriage. Turlough Luineach O'Neill had previously expressed interest in marrying her. The recently widowed Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone, declared his love for Bagenal and asked to marry her. Hugh Bagenal refused. She was sent to live at Turvey House, County Dublin with her sister Lady Mary Barnewall. Her brother referred the decision to the queen and privy council of England, claiming that his sister was not prepared to live in what he termed an uncivil Gaelic household. A number of prominent officials, including Archbishop Loftus and Sir Geoffrey Fenton, believed that the match could be in the public interest. Bagenal and O'Neill preempted the decision, pledging to marry when he visited her in Turvey in July after which they eloped.
They were married in an Anglican ceremony by Bishop Thomas Jones on 3 July 1591 after the bishop was assured that Bagenal gave free consent.
Her brother was still opposed to the marriage and declared "that my blood which in my father and myself hath often been spilled in repressing this rebellious race, should now be mingled with so traitorous a stock and kindred". He also questioned if O'Neill's divorce from his first wife was authentic, and withheld his sister's £1,000 dowry. O'Neill encouraged his new wife to furnish his castle at Dungannon, intending that she would bring a sense of culture and refinement to the house. She bought tapestries and paintings in London, bringing an Elizabethan aesthetic to the castle. Nothing is recorded of her adjustment to her new life. Against her brother's wishes, she converted to Catholicism, which along with O'Neill's alleged infidelity, stoked his enmity further.
In May 1593 the couple is said to have clashed over the assassination of Phelim mac Turlough O'Neill with "the countess clapping her hands together was sorry, as should seem, of that which happened, to whom the earl in English spoke with vehemency."
Death
Mabel Bagenal O'Neill died in December 1595, either in Dungannon or Newry, having possibly left The O'Neill and lodged a public complaint against him.
It was suggested that a skeleton that was uncovered during an archaeological dig in 2011 could have been that of Lady O'Neill.
References
1570s births
1595 deaths
16th-century Anglo-Irish people
16th-century Irish women
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism
Irish nobility
O'Neill dynasty
People from Newry
People of the Nine Years' War (Ireland)
Guy B. Roberts is an American government official, lawyer, and retired United States Marine Corps colonel who served as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs from 2017 to 2019. He previously was the president of GBR Consulting, a national security consulting firm. Roberts was also a senior associate with the Center for Strategic and International Studies and an adjunct professor teaching courses on homeland security, international terrorism, non-proliferation, and arms control at Mary Washington University and Virginia Commonwealth University. He previously served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary General for Weapons of Mass Destruction Policy and Director of Nuclear Policy for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Roberts received the Exceptional Public Service Award from the Department of Defense. He served for 25 years in the United States Marine Corps, concluding his career as the Staff Judge Advocate for U.S. Southern Command and retiring as a colonel.
In June 2019, it was reported by Foreign Policy that Roberts had resigned from his position as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs effective April 2, 2019.
References
External links
Biography at the U.S. Department of Defense
Biography at the American Security Project
Guy B. Roberts at C-SPAN
Living people
Arizona State University alumni
University of Denver alumni
Georgetown University alumni
University of Southern California alumni
Naval War College alumni
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
United States Marine Corps officers
Trump administration personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
United States Assistant Secretaries of Defense
Gilbert Raynolds Combs (January 5, 1863 – 1934) was an American pianist, organist, and player of stringed instruments; a composer of music for orchestra, piano, voice, and violin; a teacher; and an orchestral and chorus conductor. Gilbert Combs was founder of the Combs Broad Street Conservatory of Music in Philadelphia in 1885, one of the founders and president of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia national music fraternity, founder and vice president of the National Association of Schools of Music, and a Mason.
Early life and career
Gilbert Raynolds Combs was born to a musical family in Philadelphia. His father, Gilbert Combs, was one of the Vice Presidents of the Handel and Haydn Society in 1858 and served on the committee appointed by the United Presbyterian Church General Assembly to prepare its “Book of Praise” in 1872. He was also a distinguished pianist, organist, and composer. Gilbert Raynolds Combs showed a talent for music very early in life and received careful training. He studied music first under his father, and then under several American and European masters. He was educated at Eastburn Academy in Philadelphia. Though originally intended for the medical profession, he made such rapid progress, both at home and in Europe, that he decided to adopt music as his life-work.
From his fifteenth to his twenty-second year Combs was actively engaged in playing the organ, piano and ‘cello; teaching piano and violin; and directing orchestras, operatic companies and choruses. For twelve years he was organist at the Immanuel Presbyterian Church, later musical director at the South Broad Street Baptist Church and for six years organist at the Tenth Presbyterian Church.
The Combs Broad Street Conservatory of Music
Gilbert Combs wrote that the appreciation of classical music in America was largely due to the American conservatories, “which have forced good music on their pupils and excluded such music as many private teachers are obliged to use in order to retain their pupils.” In addition to class instruction, he advocated private lessons from artist teachers of international reputation to develop the higher qualities of musicianship. Most music schools in America today follow this model, which was intentionally developed by conservatory directors like Combs and George Chadwick of the New England Conservatory, who modeled their schools after the European conservatories so that Americans could obtain an equivalent to the European education in their own country.
Gilbert Combs' success and popularity as a teacher, and his desire to provide pupils with these advantages, led him to found the Combs Broad Street Conservatory of Music in Philadelphia. Combs founded the Conservatory in 1885 and remained its head for many years. The Conservatory was considered successful from the outset. Its teaching-force numbered about 80, and the number of pupils over 2,300. The Conservatory occupied five buildings on South Broad Street. It was highly organized for efficiency and offered a wide range of opportunity for instruction from elementary to advanced grades. Its students had certain privileges at the University of Pennsylvania. Two orchestras were maintained, one of 85 members, the other of 60.
Works
As composer Gilbert Combs was best known by his piano-pieces, but wrote in all forms. The ‘Erato' for piano, dedicated to Leopold Godowsky, the ‘Romance,' op. 17, ‘Norwegian Dance,' ‘Autumn' and ‘Wind of Memory' were all well known. His ‘Reverie,' op. 7, for violin and piano, was dedicated to and often played by Henry Schradieck, the famed violin teacher. His Scotch and Irish songs, and many instructive pieces for piano and violin were much used. His Science of Piano-Playing and Introductory Steps to the Science of Piano-Playing were published in loose-leaf ledger form. His ‘Dramatis Symphony' was first performed in 1908. The orchestral setting for ‘Sheherazade,' an oriental drama, was given at the Metropolitan Opera House in Philadelphia, in May, 1918.
Affiliations
Combs was one of the founders of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia. The Sinfonia became national when he accepted a chapter at the Broad Street Conservatory on October 6, 1900. Combs was a Supreme Treasurer from 1901–1902 and 1903–1904; and Supreme President from 1902–1903 and 1914–1915. He was part of the movement among conservatory directors to model their society after the social, intellectual, and artistic clubs devoted to Enlightenment Idealism. In this way, the students at their conservatories could have every benefit of their own experiences in the European conservatories. Combs wrote that the musical societies and fraternities that made up conservatory life helped the Conservatories rise “to the completely first-class.”
As Supreme President of the Sinfonia Gilbert Combs declared his optimism in the Fraternity's future growth and suggested the idea of international expansion. He believed that the Sinfonia expanded because it responded to a unique sensitiveness and sensibility of musicians, and that its present and future growth would disprove the critics' impressions “that musicians spend much of their time in mutual quarrellings and recriminations.”
Combs was “a member of all Masonic organizations.” The Pennsylvania Grand Lodge, having record of his attendance but not record of his initiation, believes that he may have been made a Mason while he was studying in Europe. His Ritualistic Music for the 32nd Degree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite, for men's voices and organ, was written for the Philadelphia Consistory and first presented in 1917.
References
1863 births
1934 deaths
American male classical composers
American classical composers
Musicians from Philadelphia
Founders of educational institutions
American classical pianists
American male classical pianists
American classical organists
American male organists
American classical cellists
American conductors (music)
American male conductors (music)
Classical musicians from Pennsylvania
Male classical organists
The Fender Wildwood guitar was a flat-top acoustic guitar introduced by the Fender company in 1966. (See also the Fender Coronado which had a Wildwood model.)
History
The Wildwood was a variation on the Fender King guitar, featuring a variety of dyed wood colors. The unique color patterns were achieved by injecting living beech trees with dye prior to being harvested to make the veneer for the back, sides, top and headstock. "Wildwood" guitars were available in gold, brown, purple, dark blue, purple-blue, green or blue-green. Fender offered other acoustic and electric models with the same veneer option, adding "Wildwood" to the model name (often noted on the pick guard) as with the "Wildwood" Fender Coronado.
Fender "Wildwood II's", like other Fender acoustic guitars of the time, were unique in that the neck of the acoustic guitar was the same as those used on Fender electric guitars and bolted to a block inside the acoustic guitar body. A "resonator bar" extended inside the body from the neck block to the bottom of the guitar, which reportedly benefited the tone of the guitar. Charlie Pride played a green Wildwood II onstage during the height of his career in the late 1960s.
Fender marketed an attachable pickup ref. FP-6 for this range and other flat-top acoustic guitars having the 'resonator bar', to which the pickup was attached. It was manufactured by Rowe Industries of Toledo, Ohio. The pickup is electromagnetic with integral volume and tone controls, and is finished in chrome, embossed 'Fender'. See www.musicpickups.com/Fender.html for photo and notes.
The guitar was discontinued in 1971.
References
Wildwood
Acoustic guitars
Megan Dunn (born 27 August 1991) is an Australian professional racing cyclist.
Biography
Dunn was born in Dubbo, New South Wales. She began cycling at the age of three and soon followed her older brother to the local cycling track where she began competing at the age of six. She is an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
In 2005, Dunn won the time trial, sprint, individual pursuit and scratch race events in the Under 15 Australian National Track Championships.
She took part in the 2007 Australian Youth Olympic Festival on the road and track, and again on the track in 2009.
In 2008 Dunn became the youngest winner in the Bay Classic series history when she won the event at the age of 16. Dunn went on to win the scratch and points races at the UCI Junior Track World Championships in 2008, and was also a member of the gold medal winning team pursuit squad. She was named "Australian Junior Female Cyclist of the Year" in 2008, and described by national coach Gary Sutton as "the future of women's cycling."
Career highlights
2008
1st Scratch, UCI Track World Championships (Junior)
1st Points race, UCI Track World Championships (Junior)
1st Team Pursuit, UCI Track World Championships (Junior) with Ashlee Ankudinoff & Sarah Kent
1st Bay Classic
3rd Stage 1, Bay Classic
1st Stage 3, Bay Classic, Geelong
1st Australian Point Score titles
3rd Pursuit, Australian National Track Championships (Junior)
1st Points race, Australian National Track Championships (Junior)
2nd Team Pursuit, Australian National Track Championships (Elite)
3rd Scratch, Australian National Track Championships (Junior)
2009
1st Points race, Latrobe Carnival
1st Points race, Devonport Carnival
2nd Points race, Launceston Carnival
1st Omnium, UCI Track World Championships (Junior)
1st Points race, UCI Track World Championships (Junior)
1st Team Pursuit, UCI Track World Championships (Junior)
1st Pursuit, Oceania Championships (Junior)
1st Scratch, Oceania Championships (Junior)
1st Points Race, Oceania Championships (Junior)
1st Australian National Road Race Championships (Junior)
1st Points race, Australian National Track Championships (Junior)
1st Omnium, Australian National Track Championships (Junior)
3rd Scratch, Australian National Track Championships (Junior)
3rd Australian National Criterium Championships (Junior)
2010
1st Points Race, Commonwealth Games
1st Scratch, Commonwealth Games
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Australian female cyclists
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Cyclists at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
People from Dubbo
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Australian Institute of Sport cyclists
Commonwealth Games medallists in cycling
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
A dioptre (British spelling) or diopter (American spelling) is a unit of measurement with dimension of reciprocal length, equivalent to one reciprocal metre, 1 dioptre = 1 m−1. It is normally used to express the optical power of a lens or curved mirror, which is a physical quantity equal to the reciprocal of the focal length, expressed in metres. For example, a 3-dioptre lens brings parallel rays of light to focus at metre. A flat window has an optical power of zero dioptres, as it does not cause light to converge or diverge. Dioptres are also sometimes used for other reciprocals of distance, particularly radii of curvature and the vergence of optical beams.
The main benefit of using optical power rather than focal length is that the thin lens formula has the object distance, image distance, and focal length all as reciprocals. Additionally, when relatively thin lenses are placed close together their powers approximately add. Thus, a thin 2.0-dioptre lens placed close to a thin 0.5-dioptre lens yields almost the same focal length as a single 2.5-dioptre lens.
Though the dioptre is based on the SI-metric system, it has not been included in the standard, so that there is no international name or symbol for this unit of measurement—within the international system of units, this unit for optical power would need to be specified explicitly as the inverse metre (m−1). However most languages have borrowed the original name and some national standardization bodies like DIN specify a unit name (dioptrie, dioptria, etc.) and unit symbol dpt. In vision care the symbol D is frequently used.
The idea of numbering lenses based on the reciprocal of their focal length in metres was first suggested by Albrecht Nagel in 1866. The term dioptre was proposed by French ophthalmologist Ferdinand Monoyer in 1872, based on earlier use of the term dioptrice by Johannes Kepler.
In vision correction
The fact that optical powers are approximately additive enables an eye care professional to prescribe corrective lenses as a simple correction to the eye's optical power, rather than doing a detailed analysis of the entire optical system (the eye and the lens). Optical power can also be used to adjust a basic prescription for reading. Thus an eye care professional, having determined that a myopic (nearsighted) person requires a basic correction of, say, −2 dioptres to restore normal distance vision, might then make a further prescription of 'add 1' for reading, to make up for lack of accommodation (ability to alter focus). This is the same as saying that −1 dioptre lenses are prescribed for reading.
In humans, the total optical power of the relaxed eye is approximately 60 dioptres. The cornea accounts for approximately two-thirds of this refractive power (about 40 dioptres) and the crystalline lens contributes the remaining one-third (about 20 dioptres). In focusing, the ciliary muscle contracts to reduce the tension or stress transferred to the lens by the suspensory ligaments. This results in increased convexity of the lens which in turn increases the optical power of the eye. The amplitude of accommodation is about 11 to 16 dioptres at age 15, decreasing to about 10 dioptres at age 25, and to around 1 dioptre above age 60.
Convex lenses have positive dioptric value and are generally used to correct hyperopia (farsightedness) or to allow people with presbyopia (the limited accommodation of advancing age) to read at close range. Concave lenses have negative dioptric value and generally correct myopia (nearsightedness). Typical glasses for mild myopia have a power of −0.50 to −3.00 dioptres, while over the counter reading glasses are rated at +1.00 to +4.00 dioptres. Optometrists usually measure refractive error using lenses graded in steps of 0.25 dioptres.
Curvature
The dioptre can also be used as a measurement of curvature equal to the reciprocal of the radius measured in metres. For example, a circle with a radius of 1/2 metre has a curvature of 2 dioptres. If the curvature of a surface of a lens is C and the index of refraction is n, the optical power is φ = (n − 1)C. If both surfaces of the lens are curved, consider their curvatures as positive toward the lens and add them. This gives approximately the right result, as long as the thickness of the lens is much less than the radius of curvature of one of the surfaces. For a mirror the optical power is φ = 2C.
Relation to magnifying power
The magnifying power of a simple magnifying glass is related to its optical power by
.
This is approximately the magnification observed when a person with normal vision holds the magnifying glass close to his or her eye.
See also
Astigmatism
Dioptrics
Lens clock
Lensmeter
Optics
Optometry
Prism correction#Prism dioptres
Vertometer
References
Optics
Units of measurement
Non-SI metric units
Alling () is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany.
References
Fürstenfeldbruck (district)
Bernardo Rivavelarde is a Spanish digital artist and graphic designer.
Early life
Rivavelarde was born in Santander, Spain. He studied graphic design at the Escuela de Comunicación Gráfica of Madrid.
Career
Bernardo Rivavelarde presented in 1999 his first digital exhibition called Escuchando Imágenes (Listening to Images); a proposal to bring together art and graphic design. It offered a selection of images, animations, and interactive artworks. “Listening To Images” received major Spanish awards in graphic and artistic design, such as LAUS and MOBIUS awards. “Listening to Images” debuted at the Valle Quintana Gallery in Madrid. Bernardo collaborated musically with the Spanish Electronic Music Duo The Lab (Miguel Lázaro & José Corredera). “Listening to Images” was selected to be part of the exhibition "Signs of the Century, 100 Years of Graphic Design in Spain" that debuted at the Reina Sofia Museum, Madrid, Spain. “Listening to Images” was selected for the Spanish exhibition "Pasión, Spanish Design" at Berlin.
From 2000 to 2010 Bernardo worked for Nacho Duato, the artistic director for the Compañía Nacional de Danza of Spain. In 2014 Nacho Duato became Artistic Director of Staatsballet (Berlin). Bernardo returned to work for him in April 2014.
In 2003 Rivavelarde created a new exhibition Homodigitalis; a 30 minute animated movie divided into three parts—The Body, The Machine and The Future. Homodigitalis was screened at The National Library of Spain, Madrid, Spain. It also exhibited in Italy, Mexico and Germany. The music was created by The Lab. Homodigitalis the movie was released on DVD and its soundtrack on CD.
In 2005 and 2008 Bernardo Rivavelarde was selected by the publisher Taschen as a leading graphic designer in Graphic Design for the 21st Century, and Contemporary Graphic Design.
In 2012, Bernardo presented his third exhibition Future Nature at the Museum Prince Felipe at The City of Arts and Sciences of Valencia, Spain. Future Nature includes images, sound landscapes, and motion graphics that show a new environment molded by new technologies. It displays the sea, the clouds, the trees, and the earth differently, offering an invitation to think about something new. The Lab composed the sound design. The exhibition was in Valencia from March 14, 2012 to January 7, 2013, but due to success with more than 1.5 million visitors, it was extended until April 14, 2013. Future Nature became a finalist at the 2011 Japan Media Art Festival (Tokyo) and got a mention at 2011 Prix Ars Electronica (Austria).Future Nature was selected to be shown in the 2012 Yota Space Festival in Saint Petersburg (Russia).
From 2012 to 2015, Bernardo designed brand identity and communication campaigns for the Zarzuela Theater (Madrid).
In 2017, he designed a book of 100 images for the 40th anniversary of The National Ballet of Spain.
Bernardo will presents his fourth exhibition "Portrait of an Artist" at Palacio de Festivales of Cantabria (Santander, Spain) in October 2021.
Works
Escuchando Imágenes (Listening to images) 1999
Homodigitalis 2003
Future Nature 2012
Portrait of an Artist 2021
Awards
Red dot design award 2014 (Berlin, Germany)
Future Nature selected into “best of 2011” category at the Prix Ars Electronica (Linz, Austria).
Future Nature finalist at the 2011 Japan Media Arts Festival (Tokio, Japan).
Interactive Media Design Review (GB)
Cannes Festival (France)
LAUS (Spain)
MOBIUS (Spain)
Cámara de Comercio (Spain)
References
External links
Portrait of an artist http://portrait.rivavelarde.com
Bernardo Rivavelarde studio www.rivavelarde.com
Future Nature www.futurenature.org
Homodigitalis www.homodigitalis.com
Escuchando Imágenes www.escuchandoimagenes.com
Living people
Spanish graphic designers
1970 births
Digital artists
People from Santander, Spain
Andrew James Morley (born 10 November 1989) is an Australian actor, known for his roles as Brandon Benedict in Lightning Point and Spencer Harrington in Home and Away. Following his departure from Home and Away in 2015, Morley worked as a presenter on Melbourne Weekender and joined the cast of Neighbours as Jack Callahan.
Early and personal life
Morley was raised on a farm in Clarkefield, Victoria. He has an elder brother, Thomas and an elder sister, Alison. After graduating from high school, Morley studied civil engineering at RMIT University. Two years later, at the age of 20, he began acting and appeared in various short films.
Morley has been a volunteer firefighter since the early 2000s. Morley became engaged to his partner Jay Haggar in August 2017. Haggar gave birth to their first child, a daughter, on 14 December 2017. Morley is also a step-father to Haggar's two children from a previous relationship.
Career
In late 2010, Morley was cast as the lead role of Brandon Benedict in the Jonathan M. Shiff produced television series Lightning Point, which began airing from 2012. He had to relocate to the Gold Coast for the seven month shoot. In January 2013, Morley began appearing in Home and Away as Spencer Harrington. Morley left Home and Away in April 2015 after two years. A few months later, he joined the presenting team of travel and lifestyle show Melbourne Weekender.
In January 2016, it was announced that Morley had joined the regular cast of Neighbours as a character initially known as John Doe. He was billed as having no family ties and a "mysterious past". He made his first screen appearance on 4 April 2016. Morley's character was later revealed to be a Catholic priest called Jack Callahan. Morely left the show in 2018. He reprised the role for the show's 35th anniversary in March 2020.
Filmography
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
21st-century Australian male actors
Male actors from Melbourne
Australian male soap opera actors
Australian television presenters
Margaret Woffington (18 October 1720 – 28 March 1760), known professionally as Peg Woffington, was an Irish actress and socialite of the Georgian era. Peg and Peggy were a common pet name for those called Margaret until the late 20th century.
Early life
Woffington was born of humble origins in Dublin, Ireland. Her father is thought to have been a bricklayer, and after his death, the family became impoverished. Her mother was obliged to take in washing while Peg sold watercress door to door. It is said that she was walking through a marketplace as a pre-teen and happened upon Madame Violante, a famous tightrope walker. Signora Violante was so immediately enthralled by Peg's beautiful face that she accompanied Peg home and asked her mother permission to take her in as her apprentice.
Acting career
Around 1730, Madame Violante featured the young Woffington in her Lilliputian Theatre Company's production of John Gay's The Beggar's Opera. Her performance as Mackheath served as a springboard for continued fame in Dublin. She continued dancing and acting in the area – playing Dorinda in an adaptation of The Tempest as the Theatre Royal, Dublin in 1735 and later joining the Smock Alley Theatre to perform with the well known actor, David Garrick. She danced and acted at various Dublin theatres until her early twenties, when her reputation drew a handsome offer from John Rich, the manager of the Covent Garden Theatre, to perform on the stages of London. There, she found immediate success, in the role of Sylvia in The Recruiting Officer by George Farquhar.
She drew public attention when she was cast as Sir Harry Wildair in The Constant Couple. Audiences were intrigued, as at the time the role was highly associated with actor Robert Wilks, who had died seven years earlier. Nonetheless, her performance was well received, and audiences enjoyed her new interpretation of the role. She became well known as an actress thereafter. She performed at Drury Lane for several years and later returned to Dublin, appearing in a variety of plays. Her best-received performances were in comic roles, such as elegant women of fashion like Lady Betty Modish and Lady Townley, and breeches roles. She was impeded in the performance of tragedy by a harsh tone in her voice that she strove to eliminate.
While in London, she began living with fellow actor Charles Macklin. During this time, she became well acquainted with the foremost actor of the day David Garrick, and her other love affairs (including liaisons with Edward Bligh, 2nd Earl of Darnley and the MP Charles Hanbury Williams), were numerous and notorious. However, her affairs were not without controversy. One evening, Woffington and Garrick were almost caught in bed together by a visiting Noble Lord, who was believed to be enamoured with the actress. Upon fleeing, Garrick gathered his clothes, but noticed only once he had left the room that he had left behind his scratch wig. Woffington managed to evade the angry Lord's accusations by claiming the wig was her own, for an upcoming breeches role.
Though she was popular with society figures, having entertained such illustrious names as Samuel Johnson and Henry Fielding, Peg Woffington was not always favoured by her competition. She tended to create rivalries with similar-types of actresses at Drury Lane and Covent Garden. She even managed to offend “tragediennes for whom Peg's comic powers posed no threat” with her “queenly ways”. Her fiercest rivalry was with “equally peppery” actress Kitty Clive. According to Garrick's biographer Thomas Davies, “No two women in high life ever hated each other more unreservedly than these two great dames of the stage.” When she returned to Covent Garden, rivalries with these women and with the manager, Mr. Rich, eventually sent her back to Dublin, where she was unrivalled and celebrated at the Smock Alley Theatre.
John Rich, manager of Covent Garden in London, decided to start a Beefsteak Club in 1749, also known as the Sublime Society of Steaks or “the Club.” Some of its members included Garrick and William Hogarth, as well as many other London celebrities. Not only was Peg Woffington the first female member of a (previously) all male dining club, in 1750 she became president of the club by election. She also educated and supported her sister Mary (usually known as Polly), and cared for and pensioned her mother.
Woffington parted from Garrick around 1744, and thence moved to the Thameside Middlesex village of Teddington, into a house called 'Teddington Place' (the building was demolished in 1946, its former grounds now being occupied by Udney Hall Gardens park and the church of St Alban's Church, Teddington). In 1754 she became the beneficiary of the will of the Irish impresario Owen Swiny. In 1756, she performed the part of Lady Randolph in Douglas, a part which found a later exponent in Sarah Siddons.
On 3 May 1757, she was playing the part of Rosalind in As You Like It when she collapsed on stage. She rallied, but would never act again, lingering with a wasting illness until 1760.
Death
She built and endowed by will some almshouses at Teddington, and after her death on 28 March 1760 in her 40th year her body was buried in the graveyard of St. Mary's Church there. Though she was born into a Catholic family, she was later buried a Protestant, having been received into the Church of Ireland on 31 December 1753. Woffington died a woman of wealth and had left most of her fortune to her sister, Mary.
Portraits
Considered a society beauty of her era, Woffington was painted by several artists, including Jacobus Lovelace in 1744, Peter van Bleeck in 1747, and John Lewis in 1753. She was also eulogised in a poetical sketch by the dramatist Henry Jones.
She has been portrayed as a character in the stage plays A Laughing Matter by April De Angelis. and Mr Foote's Other Leg by Ian Kelly.
Popular culture
In 1852 Charles Reade and Tom Taylor wrote a play Masks and Faces which featured Woffington as a central character. Following the play's success, Reade wrote a novel Peg Woffington the following year. A play by Frances Aymar Mathews, Pretty Peggy (1902), starred Grace George as Woffington.
Woffington featured in several films, particularly in the silent era. These portrayals were largely based on the works of Reade and Taylor and include Peg Woffington (1910), Peg Woffington (1912) and Masks and Faces (1917). In 1935 Anna Neagle played Woffington in the comedy Peg of Old Drury with Cedric Hardwicke playing David Garrick. Her character appeared in the 2015 play Mr Foote's Other Leg as a friend and colleague of Samuel Foote.
Woffington is also mentioned in the Cyclops episode of James Joyce's Ulysses.
Bibliography
Austin Dobson's Introduction to Charles Reade's novel Peg Woffington (London, 1899)
Augustin Daly's Woffington: a Tribute to the Actress and the Woman (1888)
Janet Camden Lucey's Lovely Peggy: The life and times of Margaret Woffington (Hurst and Blackett, 1952)
Janet Dunbar's Peg Woffington and her World (Heinemann, 1968)
Benjamin, Lewis Saul. Stage Favourites of the Eighteenth Century. Garden City, N.Y: Doubleday Doran & Company, Inc, 1929. Print.
Costigan, Ethna Byrne-. “Peg Woffington.” Dublin Historical Record 33.1 (1979): 11–21. Print.
Perry, Gillian. The First Actresses: Nell Gwyn to Sarah Siddons. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, 2011. Print.
Powell, John, and Frank N. Magill. Great Lives from History: The 18th Century 1701-1800. Pasadena, Calif.: Salem Press, 2006. Print. Accessed online 27 February 2014.
Richards, Sandra. The Rise of the English Actress. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1993. Print.
Melville, Lewis. Stage Favourites of the Eighteenth Century. New York: Doubleday, 1929. Print.
Notes
References
External links
Peg Woffington at the London Metropolitan Archives
Various works in the National Portrait Gallery
1720 births
1760 deaths
People from County Dublin
18th-century Irish actresses
Irish emigrants to Great Britain
NGC 803 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Aries about 70 million light-years from the Milky Way. It was discovered by the German–British astronomer William Herschel in 1784.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
Gallery
References
External links
0803
Unbarred spiral galaxies
Aries (constellation)
007849
Crafty Kids Club (French: Brico Club) is a French television series produced by Futurikon. The term "Brico" is a shortening of "bricolage", meaning to construct things from what is available - relating to the main characters' main intent for their club.
The series focuses on the everyday lives of a group of four children - Matt, Clara, Li-Mei and Ben - who are skilled in handcrafted creations out of recycled material. They prefer to create any new ideas collaboratively and mainly use their expertise, in order to solve various problems of the other townsfolk.
Broadcast
The French version aired in Europe on France 5's Zouzous programming block since 2013, and in Canada on Unis since 2016.
The English version aired in The Philippines on Discovery Kids since 2013.
The Spanish version aired in Mexico canal 22 conaculta since 2014-2017.
Characters
There are four main friends in the club:
Ben (Benjamin, nicknamed Benny)
Clara (nicknamed Clarinet)
Matt (called Driss in the original)
Li-Mei (nicknamed Li)
Others include:
Max, a pet cat
Madame Mnouchka
Mademoiselle bus driver
Robinson
John
Production
It is produced by Philippe DeLarue and directed by David Pascal. Writers include Nathalie Dargent. The series uses puppet animation.
Episodes
There are 52 episodes each 12 minutes long. Titles include:
48. Chapeau nid d'oiseau (bird's nest hat)
49. La petite souris (The little mouse)
50. Caribou sans le sou (Caribou penniless)
51. Les araignées de l'espace (Spiders Space)
52. Un Charme Flou (A Fuzzy Charm)
References
French children's animated television series
2010s French animated television series
France Télévisions children's television series
Animated television series about children
Bukit Merah Interchange may refer to:
Bukit Merah Interchange, Malaysia
Bukit Merah Bus Interchange, Singapore
Charles-François-César Le Tellier, marquis de Montmirail (Paris, 11 or 12 September 1734 – Paris, 13 December 1764) was a French military officer, member of the French Royal Academy of Sciences.
Biography
Charles-François-César Le Tellier was born to François-César Le Tellier de Courtanvaux. First bearing the title of Marquis de Crusy, he took the title of Marquis de Montmirail from his father when he himself took the title of Marquis de Courtanvaux when Charles-François-César's grandfather died.
He studied at the Jesuit college Louis-le-Grand in Paris, showing interest in physics and natural sciences. He also studied humanities and philosophy under Père de Merville, professor of Mathematics at the Collège des Jésuites.
At 17, he joined the First Musketeer Company.
After three years of service in the Musketeers of the Guard, the King granted him the position of Captain-Colonel of the Hundred Swiss, his father resigning in his favour. He was commissioned on 28 November 1754 and, the next day, promoted to Colonel, so as to be able to serve in the Army when the Swiss could not, as they were obliged to always stay with the King himself.
In 1757, Montmirail's uncle Marshal d'Estrées joined the Army and Montmirail was appointed his aide-de-camp. He took part in the Battle of Hastenbeck in July 1757.
References
18th-century French people
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Knights of the Order of Saint Louis
French military personnel
1734 births
1764 deaths
Kerogan (, also Romanized as Kerūgān; also known as Gerūkān, Karūkān, and Kerūkān) is a village in Jasb Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 65 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Izvoarele is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Izvoarele.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The United States Permanent Representative to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) has the rank of Ambassador and is based in The Hague, Netherlands, the seat of the OPCW. The current permanent representative is Joseph Manso. Ambassador Manso was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in August 2020 and he presented his credentials to director-general Fernando Arias on September 23, 2020.
Previous permanent representatives:
Donald A. Mahley was confirmed by the senate and served from 2000 until April 2002.
Eric M. Javits was confirmed by the senate in April 2003 and served until January 2009. After Ambassador Javits's departure, Robert Mikulak became the United States Representative to the Executive Council in the absence of a permanent representative from January 2009 until November 2010.
Robert Mikulak was confirmed by the senate in September 2010 and served until July 2015. He presented his credentials on November 29, 2010 to director-general Üzümcü.
Kenneth D. Ward was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in December 2015 and he presented his credentials to director-general Üzümcü on December 17, 2015.
See also
Chemical Weapons Convention
Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
United States ambassador to the Netherlands
References
Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
United States of America
Silver Hair and Golden Curls () is an Armenian folktale originally collected by ethnologue and clergyman Karekin Servantsians in Hamov-Hotov (1884). It is related to the theme of the calumniated wife and classified in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as type ATU 707, "The Three Golden Children".
Summary
A king's son builds his tent in a meadow full of flowers. One day, three maidens come to the meadow to pick vegetables and flowers, and begin to talk among themselves: the first promises to marry the king and plant a grapevine that will still have grapes after everyone plucks one; the second that she will weave such a carpet that the whole army will seat and there is still more than half left; and the third promises to bear twins, a silver-haired girl and a golden-haired boy.
The king's son overhears their conversation and decides to marry all three, the older two fail in their promises, but the third gives birth to her children. After the birth of the royal twins, the queen's jealous sisters take their nephews and cast them in the sea in a box, and replace them for animals to humiliate her sister. Now disgraced before the king, she is sentenced to a public punishment by the people.
Meanwhile, the twins are saved from being exposed and are raised in a loving environment. Years later, the sister advises her twin brother to go to the woman at the public square (their mother) and give her a rose, instead of the punishment meted out to her. This strange behaviour draws the attention of the king to investigate what happened to his twin children all those years ago.
Translations
The tale was translated into French by as Cheveux d'argent et Boucles d'or.
Analysis
Tale type
The tale is classified in the Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as type ATU 707, "The Three Golden Children". According to Armenian scholar Tamar Hayrapetyan, tale type 707 exists in the Armenian tale corpus, under the title "Երեք քրոջ հեքիաթը" ("Yerek' k'roj hek'iat'y"; "The Tale of the Three Sisters").
Such stories are widespread across Eurasia, and refer to a woman giving birth to children of unusual aspect that are taken from her by jealous relatives. Years later, her children find her again and reunite the family.
After the abandonment of the children, some Armenian variants may continue their story by involving a quest for strange items, as per the suggestion of an old woman (usually, an agent of the jealous sisters). In some tales, there is a magical nightingale named Hazaran Bulbul; in others, they seek a woman of great beauty.
Variants
The Twins
Author A. G. Seklemian translated an Armenian variant he titled The Twins. In this tale, three sisters sit near the royal tent and talk among themselves: if one of them marries the king's son, they say; the eldest brags she will weave a tent to accommodate his entire army, and then some; the middle one a carpet for the entire court to sit on, and the youngest says she will bear a silver-haired boy and a golden-haired girl. The king chooses the latter as his daughter-in-law, and marries her to his son. Her envious sisters take the babies and throw them in the river, and put two puppies in their place. However, the twins are saved by an old fisherman and his wife, who, whenever they wash the babies' hair, silver and gold fall down. Years later, their aunts, noticing their survival, convince the king to send the boy on dangerous errands: to get a dozen lions' skins, seven pairs of elephant tusks, and the King of India's daughter as his bride. The twins reveal the truth to their family during a banquet.
The Golden-Haired Twins
In a variant collected by professor Susan Hoogasian-Villa from an Armenian-descent teller named Mrs. Mariam Serabian, from the Delray section of Detroit, with the title The Golden-Haired Twins, the king listens to his daughters – the youngest promising to bear two wonder children when she marries: a boy and a girl with golden hair, each with a golden cane in hand, and a bag of gold under his pillow every morning. Her two older sisters hire a midwife to get rid of the babies, but they survive. Years later, the Brother quests for the bird Hazaran Bulbul and a female interpreter for the bird. When the interpreter is delivered to the Sister, the former requests the Brother to go back to the bird's owner, Tanzara Kanum, and bring the second woman who lives there, so that they may keep company and protect the Sister.
Théodore le Danseur
In the tale Théodore le Danseur, the third sister promises to bear twins with astral birthmarks, a boy with a moon on the front and a girl with the sun, and with the ability to turn their bathwater into gold, their tears into pearls, make roses fall from their cheeks with their smiles, and make flowers appear with every step. Years later, the pair is sent for the belongings of a giant named Barogh Assadour ("Dancing Theodore"), who also plays the role of the mystical woman the brother seeks in other variants. At the end of the tale, Theodore marries the sister.
The Tale of the Lad with Golden Locks
In a rather lengthy variant translated by author Leon Surmelian, The Tale of the Lad with Golden Locks, a widowed king sees three sisters fetching water in jugs by the fountain and commenting with themselves about the king, the youngest telling them she would bear sons and daughters with golden hair if she were to marry the king. The king marries her and she gives birth to a boy with golden hair. The new queen's sisters bribe the king's Arab (or Black) stablemaster to drown the child and replace him with a puppy. He does as intended, but spares the boy's life and hides him in a cave in a distant region. The king is furious with his wife and orders his stablemaster to drown the queen, but he brings her to her son and reveals the truth. Ten years pass and king decides to go on a deer hunt. His golden-haired son shoots the deer and the king decides to follow him. He meets the queen and the stablemaster and learns the truth. He takes them all back to the palace and the Golden-Haired brings with him his own bird of truth. When they arrive, the bird senses the treacherous sisters and escapes, which prompts a new quest for him (tale type ATU 550, "Bird, Horse and Princess"). The tale continues with further adventures of the Golden-Haired Son and his half-brothers Poghos and Petros.
The Story of the King of Jinns
In a tale collected in the late-19th century by T. Navasardyants with the title (English: "The Story of the King of Jinns"; ), three men who are single are looking for wives, when they sight three maidens talking to one another. One of them says she will bake such a good loaf of bread, the second that she will weave a carpet, and the third that she will bear golden-haired children. The three men make their choices, and the third man marries the third maiden. The third maiden gives birth to golden-haired twins, a boy and a girl, who are taken from her and replaced for puppies. The twins are saved and reared by a fisherman. When they are teenagers, they leave home and build a house by the sea. The boy goes fishing and catches some small fishes. His sister asks him to spare them, since they must have a mother. Soon after, a fish appears to the male twin, declaring himself to be the king of all fishes, named King Jinn. He goes underwater with the fish and gains the ability to talk to fishes, since he already knows the language of animals. The king of the fishes also gives the boy his daughter in marriage, but warns him she is very sensitive. Some time later, the twins' aunts send a midwife to their house. The midwife convinces the siblings to go on a dangerous quest for another maiden named guri-peri. The male twin fails and is turned to stone by the guri-peri, but the female twin forces her to restore him. After they bring the guri-peri back home, the fish king's daughter flees to the Blue Mountains, since she believes she was abandoned by her husband for the guri-peri. The male twin goes to the Blue Mountains to gain her back. At the end of the tale, when the king passes by the twins' house, the daughter of the King of the Jinns realizes he is their father, and tells the male twin to bring flowers to the woman that is being humiliated in the public square.
The Tale of Three Sisters
In another tale with the title "Երեք քրոջ հեքիաթը" (Armenian: "Yerek' k'roj hek'iat'y"; English: "The Tale of the Three Sisters"), the queen gives birth to two boys and a girl, in three consecutive years, and her sisters cast them in the sea in a box. They are saved by the gardener, who raises them. When their adoptive father dies, they inherit their house. One day, an old woman visits them and says their garden is beautiful, but lacks three things: a talking bird, a shining fountain and the tree that makes music. The publisher noted that the tale transcription lacked an initial part with the promises of the three sisters.
The Girl from "Chinumachina"
In the tale titled "Չինումաչինա աղջիկ" ("Ch'inumach'ina aghjik"), three sisters live in a house in the mountains. One day, a king's servant spies on them: the oldest says she will weave a carpet, the second will bake a bread and the third will bear golden children to the king, one with golden claws, the other with golden skull. The king marries the third. One day, he has to go to war, and leaves his wife to deliver her children: a golden boy and a golden girl. Her sisters replace the twins for animals and cast them in the sea in a box. The box is washed ashore near an old couple's cottage, who raises them. When the old couple dies, the brother hunts in the mountains while the sister stays at home. One day, an old woman visits her and says she needs a magical tree of Blblevin, which produces sounds when the breeze blows through its leaves; and the daughter of the king of Chinumachina as a bride for her brother. After they seek both items, the king meets the boy and invites him for a feast. His bride, the foreign girl, reveals the truth to the king.
Leon Surmelian noted that "Chin-ma-Chin" in Armenian fairy tales meant an exotic, foreign location (possibly China). Likewise, Nvard Vardanyan (hy) explains that "Chinumachin" is the epitome of China in Armenian fairy tales, and represents a fabulous and mysterious locale, where a princess of radiant beauty and great wisdom and powers is to be found. The hero of the tale journeys to this distant land to conquer its perils and win the princess as his wife.
Denya Goichal
In another tale, titled "ԴԸՆՅԱ ԳՈԻՋԱԼ" ("Denya Goichal"), a man finds three maidens, the first says she can weave a carpet, the second that she can prepare a good meal, and the third that she will bear twins, a boy with golden hair and a girl with pearly teeth. One year later, the twins are born, but taken from their mother and cast in the sea. They are found by an old couple and given the names Surma Sach (the boy) and Inki Dushi (the girl). After their adoptive parents die, they have the house for themselves, and an old woman appears one day to tell her the house needs the Hazarents Blbul, two apples of immortality, and the maiden Denya Guzal. Denya Guzal marries Surma Sach and helps him and his sister to reconcile with their father and restore their mother.
Hazaran Bilbul
In the tale "Հազարան բիլբուլ" ("Hazaran Bilbul"), as per his wife's insistence, a man abandons his three daughters in the woods and returns home. Having to fend for themselves, the older two even entertain killing their cadette to sate their hunger, but the latter prays to God to guide her to some food source. Her prayers are heard and she digs a hole to the king's stables. She manages to get the horses' rations to feed her and her sisters, but the king notices there is food missing and sets someone to guard the place. The three sisters are found out and taken to the king, who inquires each of them about their skills: the eldest can weave such a carpet that everyone can sit on, there would still be space left; the second can prepare such a large quantity of food for the whole population, and there would still be some left, and the third says she can bear twins with golden hair. The king marries all three; the elder two fail to deliver, but the third sister gives birth to a golden-curled boy and a golden-haired girl. They are cast in the sea in a box and saved by a poor couple. Fifteen years later, the boy meets the king, which sparks terror in his jealous aunts. So, they send an old woman to convince the boy's sister to seek the nightingale Hazaran Bilbul, the book of Duldul and the maiden Gul Parin as a bride for the brother. After being brought to the pair, Gul Parin and the twins rescue the mother from her punishment and restore her health.
Other variants
Other variants published by the Armenian Academy of Sciences are "վԸԵՍԿԱՔՅԱՔՅՕԻԼ ՏԸՂԵՆ ՈԻ ՎԸԵՍԿԱՀՈԻՍ ԱԽ2ԻԿԸ" ("Vyskekyakul Teghen and Vieskahus Akhchik"); "Էշ թաքավըերը" ("Donkey Hides"); "Պիլպուլ հազարու հեքիաթ" ("Tale of a Thousand Pilpul"); "Յոթն աղջիկներ" ("Seven Girls"); "ԲԼԲՅՈԻԼ ԴԱՍՏԱ" ("Blbyoil Dasta").
More recently collected variants are "Ոսկեքաքուլ տղեն" ("The Golden-haired boy") and "Չինիկ Աշխենիկը" ("Chinese Ashkhenik").
Footnotes
References
Armenian fairy tales
Fictional twins
Twins in fiction
ATU 700-749
Woomargama National Park is a national park situated south east of Holbrook and north east of Albury, in the South West Slopes region of southern New South Wales. Southern extremities of the park are within one kilometre of Lake Hume which is formed on the Murray River. The park extends over approximately 30 km from eastern to western boundaries and 15 km in a north to south direction. In 2006, the park covered an area of 23,577 hectares and at the same time an area of associated reserve covered 7,120 hectares. In 2010 the park alone covered 24,185 ha.
Woomargama was gazetted, from the formation of Woomargama, Dora Dora and Tipperary State Forests along with other Crown Land portions, in January 2001 as part of the Southern Regional Forest Agreement in 2000.
Wild Life
Birdwatchers and other wildlife enthusiasts will love this place. Some of the bird species that can be found here are regent honeyeater, superb parrot and powerful owl. Other exotic animals include echidnas, wombats, gliders, kangaroos and wallabies.
References
See also
Protected areas of New South Wales (Australia)
National parks of New South Wales
Protected areas established in 2001
2001 establishments in Australia
Kalateh-ye Hajji Jahan Beyk (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Jahān Beyk) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 199, in 57 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Michael Hogan (31 October 1828 – 19 April 1899) was an Irish poet. He was known as the "Bard of Thomond".
Life
He was born in Thomondgate, County Limerick. His father was a wheelwright and musician, who also made the flutes and fiddles that he played. He and his family experienced some of the ravages of the Great Irish Famine (1845–1848), about which he wrote later in life. In his early years Hogan worked at Russell's Mill, Lock Quay and later in life with Limerick Corporation. In 1858, he married Ann Lynch. They had no known children.
Hogan's first published works appeared in the Anglo-Celt, then in the Irishman, the Nation, the Munster News, and the Limerick Leader. His first volume of works, Lays and Legends of Thomond, was published in Limerick in 1861. A larger edition, under the same name, was published in Dublin in 1867. He then embarked on issuing a series of satirical publications which lampooned prominent figures in the city. They achieved an enormous circulation and caused a great sensation at the time. He continued publishing similar matter until a new version of his Lays and Legends was published in Dublin in 1880. In 1886, he went to the United States, where he stayed for three years.
A life-size statue of Hogan was erected to his memory at King Johns Castle Plaza in Limerick city in 2005.
Further reading
Frank Hamilton - The bard of Thomond: his life, times and poetry. Fercor Press, 1974
The Lays and Legends of Thomond at the Internet Archive (www.archive.org)
References
External links
Photo of statue of Michael Hogan
1828 births
1899 deaths
Irish poets
Writers from County Limerick
19th-century poets
Jack J. Volrich (February 27, 1928 – May 31, 2010) was born in Anyox, British Columbia and was the 33rd mayor of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada from 1977 to 1980. Prior to this, he practised law and served as an alderman on the Vancouver City Council.
He started his political career with the municipal political party, TEAM. However, he left TEAM during his first term as mayor and ran successfully as an independent in the 1978 election. He was defeated in 1980 by Michael Harcourt. Important issues during Volrich's tenure as mayor included the proposed construction of a trade and convention centre and the debate over the ward system method of electing aldermen to city council.
Volrich resumed practising law, but returned to the political world when he ran unsuccessfully as a Progressive Conservative Party candidate for Parliament in the electoral district of Vancouver East in the 1984 election. In 1992–1993, he was an organizer for and supporter of David Varty, a candidate for the federal Liberal Party nomination in the electoral district of Vancouver Centre.
References
1928 births
2010 deaths
Candidates in the 1984 Canadian federal election
Deaths from kidney failure
Mayors of Vancouver
People from the Regional District of Kitimat–Stikine
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
20th-century Canadian politicians
Takhir Sabirov () (December 21, 1929 – May 30, 2002) is a Tajik film director, actor, screenwriter, art director, and one of the most notable figures of the Tajik cinema. He is known as the "founding father" of the One Thousand and One Nights dynasty of the film industry due to his creation of the Scheherazade trilogy.
He is also known by his formal name Takhir Mukhtorovich Sabirov. His mother Mastona Sobir Zoda was the daughter of Duke Sobir-kaloni Tura-zoda of Samarkand (now part of the Samarqand Province, Uzbekistan), from the Duchy of Greater Khorasan, known as Tura-zoda, who were eminent members of Central Asia's Aristocracy. Takhir was the youngest of five children. He was married twice and has two sons and three daughters.
He completed the Performing Arts discipline at the Tashkent State Art Institute of Theatrical Arts in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. In 1951, he then continued further by obtaining his Directorial discipline under faculty of Yuri Zavadsky at The Russian Academy of Theatre Arts (GITIS) in Moscow, Russia.
His first film, "Roh" (1955) (Russian title: Дорога) produced by Mosfilm initiated him into the film industry, but the role of Yodgor in "Dokhunda" (1956) sparked his career and was followed by several successful roles. His directorial debut was in "Vaqti zangirii pisar rasid" (Russian title: "Sinu para jinitsa", 1959), which was the first comedy musical motion picture in the Cinema of Tajikistan. With his films he introduced the Tajik film industry onto international scenebasis with his nomination in International film festivals. His film "Margi Sudkhur" (Russian title: "Smert' Rostovshika", 1966) was nominated at the International Film Festival of Asia and Africa in 1968.
His trilogy of "New Tales of Scheherazade", "Another Night of Scheherazade" and The Last Night of Scheherazade that were based on the Arabic folktale One Thousand and One Nights had made a great impact in the Cinema of Tajikistan by opening it to European audiences and borders. The Scheherazade trilogies were among the first Tajik film productions that achieved distribution beyond Russian (former USSR) borders, placing Tajik film on the map of International Film Festivals. Not only has he directed and co-written the Scheherazade trilogies, but also starred as King Shahryar (Sultan); which coincidentally is more true to his own lineage of royalty. He became a cultural icon gaining more acknowledgement and respect.
Regardless of the obstacles he had faced in his lifetime, he never stopped filming. He is known in the Tajik film industry as one of the major film directors of his time. He broadened his entertainment field as he established entrepreneurial joint venture "Movarounnahr Joint Venture" as an Art Director. Although he was involved in many fields of the film industry, he always had time to instruct and inspire students and apprentices.
In 1999, he was part of the judging committee in the 21st (XXI) Moscow International Film Festival. He became the first Tajik film director to be honored with the position of a film judge. In 2002, he was an honorary guest at the 55th (LV) Cannes Film Festival. Even in his seventy years of age he was involved in film production. However, on May 30, 2002 he died with his film "Khoja Kamoli Khujandi" still in production. In 2003, a street, "Takhir Sabirov Street" was named after his death for his contributions in the Cinema of Tajikistan (Tajikfilm, Tajik Film Studio).
Awards and honors
Laurette of (winner) of the ("Gospremii") State Award of Tajikistan
Accredited National Actor of Tajikistan
People's Artist of Tajikistan (USSR)
Postmortem honor street named Takhir Sabirov Street in Dushanbe, Tajikistan
Membership
USSR Cinematographic Union
Central Committee of Tajikistan Komsomol Tajikfilm Studio
Filmography
Year Title: Tajik/Russian/English (role)
1955 Roh/Doroga/The Road (actor)
1956 Dokhunda (actor)
1957 Man bo dukhtare vokhurdam/Ya vstretil devushku/I Met a Girl (actor)
1957 Bahori notakror/Nepovtorimaya vesna/A Unique Spring (actor)
1958 Nasriddin dar Khujand/Nasriddin v Khujande/Nasriddin in Khujand (actor)
1959 Vaqti zangirii picar rasid/Sinu para jinitsa/Time for the Son to Marry (director)
1960 Fidoiyon (director)
1963 Shohsanam va Gharib/ Shakhsenem i garib/Shakhsenem and Garib/Legend of Love/La Legende De L'amour (director)
1966 Margi sudkhur/Smert' Rostovshika (director)
1967 Khiyonat/Izmena/Betrayal (writer) (director)
1968 Kashfi asror (director)
1970 Maidoni parvoz (director)
1971 Tyfon dar void/Uragan v daline/Hurricane in the Valley (director)
1973 Hejbudagon/Kto byl nichem (director) (series)
1975 Hejbudagon har chiz meshavand (director) (series)
1978 Zane az diyori dur/Zhenshina iz daleka/Woman from far away (director)
1979 Aspho dar zeri moh (actor)
1980 Vokhuri dar darai marg/Vstrecha v uzchelye smerty /Meetin in the Canyon of Death (actor) (director)
1980 Khobhoi bahori (actor)
1980 Nassymbek/Nassymbek/Nassymbek (actor)
1981 Khonaat obod boshad (actor) (director) (series)
1983 Priklyucheniya malenkogo Muka (actor) (TV)
1984 Boz yak shabi Shahrzod/I eshchyo odna noch Shekherazady /And Another Sheherezade Night (actor) (director) (writer)
1985 Qismati Malika/Sudba printsessy/Fate of the Princess (actor) (director)
1986 Afsonahoi navi Shahrzod/Novye skazki Shakherezady/New Tales of Sheherezade (actor) (director) (writer)
1987 Shabi okhironi Shahrzod/Poslednyaya noch Shakherezady/The Last Night of Scheherazade (actor) (director) (writer)
1991 Ashq va shamsher/Slyezi I mech/Tears and sword (director) (series)
1996 Pairohai qismat (director) (cofilm with Iran (series))
1999 Khoja Kamoli Khujandi/Khodja Kamoli iz Khujanda/Khoja Kamoli from Khujand (director) (series)(unfinished)
See also
Russian cinema
Iranian cinema
Tajikistan
References
Cowie, Peter and Elley, Derek (ed.) World Filmography:1967 London: A.S.Barnes & Co., Inc. 1977.
Tashkent State Art Institute of Theatrical Arts
"Сабиров Тахир Мухтарович"(in Russian)
Ethnic Tajik people
Tajikistani film directors
Persian-language film directors
1929 births
2002 deaths
Quintus Tineius Rufus may refer to:
Quintus Tineius Rufus (consul 127)
Quintus Tineius Rufus (consul 182)
Cedrik-Marcel Stebe won the first edition of the tournament after defeating Dudi Sela 6–2, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Green group
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5. steering-committee decision.
Yellow group
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5. steering-committee decision.
References
Main Draw
Finals
2011 Singles
2011 in Brazilian sport
A spreader is a device used for lifting containers and unitized cargo. The spreader is placed between the container and the lifting machine.
The spreader used for containers has a locking mechanism at each corner that attaches to the four corners of the container. A spreader can be used on a container crane, a straddle carrier and with any other machinery to lift containers. Spreader operation can be manual, semiautomatic or fully automatic.
Over the years, container handling has progressed from slings and chains to spreaders and now headblocks. A headblock allows container terminal operators to use two spreaders at the same time (tandem). In doing this, the crane operator has the power to lift 2 x 20ft|40ft|45ft or 4 x 20ft ISO containers. RAM Spreader's SingFlex headblock can go from single spreader to twin spreader in 90 seconds with the simple push of a button. The process is done autonomously without any manual intervention. This container handling system is designed to boost port productivity, whilst reducing energy demand and costs.
See also
Containerization
Intermodal container
External links
Earls Industries Quality Spreaders, Attachments, Fabricated Forks, & Related Equipment
Greenfield Products Automatic and manual container spreaders
Container Spreaders Handling equipment for all types containers
Port infrastructure
Toronto Trilogy may refer to novel series by:
An unfinished trilogy by Robertson Davies, of which the author completed two novels, Murther and Walking Spirits (1991) and The Cunning Man (1994).
Austin Clarke, a series consisting of The Meeting Point (1967), Storm of Fortune (1973) and The Bigger Light (1975)
Muy buenos días (English: Very Good Morning) was a Chilean morning show that was broadcast on TVN from August 22, 2016 to October 21, 2019, replacing Buenos Días a To-dos. It was broadcast every Monday to Friday at 08:00 (CLT). Was replaced by Buenos Días a To-dos.
Hosts
Cristián Sánchez
María Luisa Godoy
Panelists
Begoña Basauri
Iván Torres
Macarena Tondreu
Andrea Arístegui
Luis Sandoval
Journalists
Bernardita Middleton
Gino Costa
See also
Televisión Nacional de Chile
External links
2016 Chilean television series debuts
2010s Chilean television series
Televisión Nacional de Chile original programming
Breakfast television
Brannock is a townland in Poyntzpass, County Armagh. It comes from the Irish name Bran Cnoc which translates as Hill of the Raven. It is situated in the Barony of Orior Lower and the Parish of Ballymore. A number of well-known local families and people were from, or lived in, Brannock such as MacCulla, Calvert, McComb, McGivern, Morrow, Alexander and Mackle.
See also
Federnagh
List of townlands in County Armagh
Druminargal
References
Townlands of County Armagh
Eliza Meteyard (1816–1879) was an English writer. She was known for journalism, essays, novels, and biographies, particularly as an authority on Wedgwood pottery and its creator. She did live writing for periodicals.
Life
The daughter of William Meteyard, a surgeon, and his wife Mary, daughter of Zebedee Beckham of Great Yarmouth, she was born on 21 June 1816, in Lime Street, Liverpool. In 1818 her father became surgeon to the Shropshire militia; she went to Shrewsbury, and in 1829 moved to Thorpe, near Norwich, which was her formative place as she came of age. She left Norwich in 1842, at age 25, and settled in London.
She brought forward proposals for female education, and was active in the Whittington Club - a social and debating club that uniquely gave full membership to lower-middle-class women of learning.
Meteyard died on 4 April 1879 at Stanley Terrace, Fentiman Road, South Lambeth. For a number of years she had enjoyed a civil list pension. A marble medallion of her was executed by Giovanni Fontana, and once belonged to her friend Joseph Mayer, who had helped her in bringing out the Life of Wedgwood.
Works
Meteyard began literary work in 1833 by assisting her eldest brother, a tithe commissioner, in preparing his reports relating to the eastern counties. She afterwards became a regular contributor of fiction and social articles to the periodical press, writing in Eliza Cook's Journal, the People's Journal, Tait's Magazine, Chambers's Journal, Household Words, Country Words, and other journals. One of the topics she highlighted was women's role in emigration. To the first number of Douglas Jerrold's Weekly Newspaper she contributed a leading article; Douglas Jerrold appended the signature of "Silverpen", which she adopted as pen name. She gained prizes for essays on Juvenile Depravity and Omnibus Conductors.
Her first novel was written in 1840 for Tait's Magazine, and republished in 1845 as Struggles for Fame. Her most popular novels were Mainstone's housekeeper, 1860, and Lady Herbert's Gentle-woman, 1862. Between 1850 and 1878 she wrote a series of stories and novels for children. Her girls' novel Dora and Her Papa is a vivid account of a child's life among antiquarians in the Derbyshire Peak District.
For Howitt's Journal, started by William Howitt and Mary Howitt, Meteyard wrote fiction highlighting small-scale social reform. Her view of prostitution was based on research in police and prison reports.
In 1862, Meteyard turned to non-fiction with Hallowed Spots of Ancient London and in 1865–6 her major Life of Josiah Wedgwood, in two volumes. She used the Wedgwood papers collected by Joseph Mayer; she also acknowledged help from Bennett Woodcroft and Samuel Smiles. This work was followed in 1871 by A Group of Englishmen (1795–1815), being Records of the younger Wedgwoods and their Friends. In 1875 she wrote The Wedgwood Handbook, a Manual for Collectors, and contributed the letterpress descriptions to Wedgwood and his Works, 1873, Memorials of Wedgwood, 1874, Choice Examples of Wedgwood Ware, 1879, and a Catalogue of Wedgwood Manufactures.
References
Attribution
External links
Orlando page.
1816 births
1879 deaths
English journalists
English essayists
English biographers
Writers from Liverpool
19th-century British journalists
19th-century English novelists
19th-century essayists
People from Thorpe St Andrew
19th-century British women writers
Women biographers
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1684.
Events
June 25 – The death of Robert Leighton, Archbishop of Glasgow, gives rise to establishment of the Leighton Library at Dunblane, the oldest surviving public subscription (lending) library in Scotland.
July 25 – The English novelist and dramatist Mary Griffith marries merchant George Pix.
November 11 – The English dramatist Nathaniel Lee is admitted to Bedlam Hospital for the insane.
unknown dates
The Protestant Academy of Saumur is closed down by King Louis XIV of France.
John Banks' historical play The Island Queens, or the Death of Mary Queen of Scotland is banned from the stage; it is produced as The Albion Queens twenty years later (1704).
Pierre Bayle begins his journal of literary criticism, Nouvelles de la république des lettres.
New books
Fiction
Aphra Behn – Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister
John Bunyan – The Pilgrim's Progress, Second Part
Giovanni Paolo Marana – Letters Writ by a Turkish Spy
Ihara Saikaku – The Great Mirror of Beauties
Drama
Jean de La Chapelle – Ajax
John Horne – Fortune's Task, or the Fickle Fair One
John Lacy – Sir Hercules Buffoon
Simon Neale – The Mistaken Beauty (adapted from Corneille)
John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester (possible author) – Sodom, or the Quintessence of Debauchery
Thomas Southerne – The Disappointment, or the Mother of Fashion
Pedro Calderon de la Barca
Los cabellos de Absalón
Guárdate del agua mansa
Poetry
Aphra Behn – Poems upon Several Occasions
Pavao Ritter Vitezović – Odiljenje sigetsko (Farewell at Sziget)
Non-fiction
Jakob Abbadie – Traité de la vérité de la religion chrétienne
Dorcas Dole – Once More a Warning to Thee, O England, but more particularly to the inhabitants of the city of Bristol (by a Quaker)
Edward Phillips – Enchiridion linguae latinae
Christian Knorr von Rosenroth – Kabbala Denudata (publication completed)
Christopher Sandius – Bibliotheca antitrinitariorum
George Savile, 1st Marquess of Halifax – The Character of a Trimmer
Antonio de Solís y Rivadeneyra – Historia de la conquista de México
Births
February 21 – Justus van Effen, Dutch journalist writing also in French (died 1735)
October 16 – Peter Walkden, English diarist (died 1769)
December 3 – Ludvig Holberg, Danish/Norwegian essayist, philosopher and playwright (died 1754)
Deaths
April 1 – Roger Williams, English-born American theologian (born 1603)
October 1 – Pierre Corneille, French dramatist (born 1606)
December 7 – John Oldham, English satirical poet and translator (born 1653)
Unknown date – Francisco de Avellaneda, Spanish dramatist and poet (born c. 1625)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
In Cuba, a popular dance known as Casino was marketed abroad as Cuban-style salsa or Salsa Cubana to distinguish it from other salsa styles when the name was popularized in the 1970s. Dancing Casino is an expression of popular social culture in Cuba and many Cubans consider casino a part of their social and cultural activities centering on their popular music.
The origins of the name Casino are casinos deportivos, the dance halls where a lot of social dancing was done among the better off, white Cubans during the mid-1950s and onward.
Historically, Casino traces its origin as a partner dance from Son Cubano, fused with partner figures and turns adopted from the Cuban Mambo, Cuban Cha Cha Cha, Rumba Guaguancó and North American Jive. As with Son, Danzón and Cha Cha Cha, it is traditionally, though less often today, danced a contratiempo. This means that, distinct from subsequent forms of salsa, no step is taken on the first and fifth beats in each clave pattern and the fourth and eighth beat are emphasised. In this way, rather than following a beat, the dancers themselves contribute in their movement, to the polyrythmic pattern of the music.
Casino dance is often intertwined with Afro-Cuban dance traditions, which many dancers spontaneously draw from in a more or less structured or ad hoc fashion, though this is not per se definitory of the dance itself. In the same way that a sonero (lead singer in Son and Salsa bands) may "quote" other, older songs in their own, a Casino dancer frequently improvises references to other dances, integrating movements, gestures and extended passages from the folkloric and popular heritage. This is particularly true of African descended Cubans. Such improvisations might include extracts of rumba, dances for African deities, the older popular dances such as Cha Cha Cha and Danzón.
Culture and geography
Culturally, Casino is danced as an interplay between genders and feeling the music (Sabor) as its main ingredients. Much of the interplay of Casino style dancing is based on the broader Afro-Caribbean cultural context with emphasis on sexual interplay, teasing and everyday experience.
Geographically, in Latin America, Casino and its variants are danced in Cuba, the Dominican Republic, and Venezuela. It is also popular in Europe and parts of Asia.
Styles of casino
As a partner dance (Parejas)
Casino is danced in three points which makes up a circular motion as partners face each other in intricate patterns of arms and body movement. This is distinctive from the North American Salsa styles which is danced in a slot (two points) and linear positions as taught by the North American and European dance studios.
Casino has a number of basic steps. One of them known as guapea ("swagger") or pausa, among other attested names, involves the leader lead performing a more or less pronounced dragging of his left foot backwards from a slightly advanced onset position. This is in stark contrast to the most common basic Salsa step, in which the lead steps forward with his left foot.
Casino styling includes men being "macho" and women being femininely sexy, with major body and muscle isolations, through the influence of Rumba dancing. During the dance, dancers often break from each other during percussion solos and perform the despelote, an advanced form of styling in which the male and female partner get physically close and tease each other without touching through the gyrating of hips and shoulders while performing muscle isolations.
The major distinction of Casino Styling is that male partners have tendencies to show off (following Afro-Cuban Guaguancó influence), under the cultural guise of males having to attract attention and tease females. This is the major point of differences between Casino and Northern American forms of Salsa, which ascribe to the ballroom adage of "men are the picture frame while women are the picture."
As a solo dance (Suelta)
Suelto, dancing salsa without a partner, originates from stage singers and dancers, who perform dance routines during orchestra and live performances. Dancing alone or in a group (usually with a male facing females on the dance floor), the movements are based on a-tiempo or contra-tiempo, with intricate footwork and lively body movements.
Other forms of partner dancing
Other partner dancing styles include Trios or Quattros, in which a lead dances with two or more partners in intricate patterns. There is also a Trios version in which two leads share a follow.
Additionally, several couples can come together to dance choreographed moves with changes of partners, led by a caller and known as "rueda de casino". This last form is popular everywhere there is Cuban music. In the United States, many dance schools only offer rueda de casino and ignore completely the dance of casino. These schools often mistakenly identify the dance as "casino rueda" or "salsa rueda", both incorrect terms.
See also
Rueda de Casino - a lively group formation of dancing casino
Salsa (dance)
References
External links
Sonycasino - A well-researched blog on Cuban dance and music by Cuba-born Daybert Linares.
Salsayo - a dictionary of Cuban Salsa moves
Salsa
Therese Charlotte Biedl is an Austrian computer scientist known for her research in computational geometry and graph drawing. Currently she is a professor at the University of Waterloo in Canada.
Education
Biedl received her Diploma in Mathematics at the Technical University of Berlin, graduating in 1996
and earned a Ph.D. from Rutgers University in 1997 under the supervision of Endre Boros.
Research
Biedl's research is in developing algorithms related to graphs and geometry. Planar graphs are graphs that can be drawn without crossings. Biedl develops algorithms that minimize or approximate the area and the height of such drawings. With Alam, Felsner, Gerasch, Kaufmann, and Kobourov, Biedl found provably optimal linear time algorithms for proportional contact representation of a maximal planar graph.
Awards
Biedl was named a Ross & Muriel Cheriton Faculty Fellow in 2011, a recognition of the reach and importance of her scholarly works.
Selected publications
References
External links
Home page at University of Waterloo
Canadian computer scientists
Researchers in geometric algorithms
University of Waterloo faculty
Technical University of Berlin alumni
Rutgers University alumni
Living people
Canadian women computer scientists
Graph drawing people
Austrian computer scientists
Austrian women computer scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Charles Piers Hall (25 July 1918 – 31 March 1944) was a British pilot who was taken prisoner during the Second World War. He was part of the 'Great Escape' from Stalag Luft III in March 1944, but was captured and subsequently shot by the Gestapo.
War service
Hall was born in Kings Norton near Birmingham; He enlisted in the Royal Air Force pre-war as a regular service airman with the service number 550173 on 11 February 1935. He trained to be a photographer in Halton. He was stationed as a photographer at Station Calshot on 18 February 1936, then served as a photographer on HMS Argus from 10 September 1938 and at NAS Eastleigh from 9 June 1939. Hall started his pilot training at 4 ITW at RAF Paignton at 19 August 1940, followed by flight training at No. 9 SFTS at RAF Hullavington from 4 December 1940. Hall was a leading aircraftman at the time he was commissioned as pilot officer on 17 April 1941 for the duration of hostilities. During World War II he served as a flight lieutenant in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve. On 19 November 1941 he became a pilot for the 1st Photographic Reconnaissance Unit (PRU) flying out of RAF Benson South Oxfordshire, England. He flew his first operational photographic reconnaissance mission on 16 December 1941 in Spitfire PR.IV AB120, photographing over IJmuiden, Amsterdam, Zwolle and Hilversum. Hall flew his second operational photographic reconnaissance mission one day later, on 17 December 1941, again in Spitfire PR.IV AB120. His mission was to photograph targets in the area of Kiel, Brunsbüttel and the Frisian islands. Due to a solid cloudlayer at low altitude he was unable to take photographs and when he observed two enemy aircraft approaching from the southwest he started his return home.
Prisoner of war
Hall was flying 1 PRU Spitfire PR.IV AA804 on 28 December 1941 when the aircraft came down over Bergen op Zoom, the Netherlands. He had been on a high-level reconnaissance mission to Düsseldorf and Essen to photograph bombed factories when he was either shot down or suffered engine failure (accounts vary). It was the aircraft's first operational flight and Hall's third operational flight. He became a prisoner of war and was sent to Oflag IX-AH Spangenberg Castle, followed by Stalag Luft III in Germany in the province of Lower Silesia near the town of Sagan (now Żagań in Poland). Hall was promoted flying officer on 17 April 1942. and flight lieutenant on 17 April 1943.
'Great Escape'
See Stalag Luft III murders
He was one of the 76 men who escaped the prison camp on the night of 24–25 March 1944, in the escape now famous as "the Great Escape". He was recaptured near Sagan. He became one of the 50 executed and murdered by the Gestapo on the personal orders of Adolf Hitler on 31 March 1944 and then cremated at Liegnitz, now remembered at the Poznan Old Garrison Cemetery. Before his execution he had written on his cell wall "We who are about to die salute you".
Awards
His conspicuous bravery was recognized by a mention in Despatches as none of the other relevant decorations then available could be awarded posthumously.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Memories of an Australian prisoner of Stalag Luft III - Sergeant Alf Miners; the Wartime Memories Project
T.D. Calnan (1970). Free as a running Fox. Doubleday. ISBN 9780330235549.
Jonathan F. Vance (2000). A Gallant Company, The true story of 'The Great Escape'. Pacifica Press. ISBN 9780935553475.
John Grehan (2020). Stalag Luft III: An Official History of the 'Great Escape' PoW Camp. Frontline books. ISBN 9781473883079.
External links
Project Lessons from the Great Escape (Stalag Luft III), by Mark Kozak-Holland. The prisoners formally structured their work as a project. This book analyses their efforts using modern project management methods.
Royal Air Force officers
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
1918 births
1944 deaths
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
Participants in the Great Escape from Stalag Luft III
British escapees
Extrajudicial killings in World War II
British World War II prisoners of war
British World War II fighter pilots
People from Kings Norton
Doug Carrion (born November 9, 1964) is an American musician, audio engineer, record producer, and music editor. He played bass guitar in the punk rock bands the Descendents and Dag Nasty during the 1980s, and in the hard rock band For Love Not Lisa in the early 1990s, and is currently in Field Day. He has had a long working relationship with Brad "Daddy X" Xavier, playing with him in the punk rock bands Doggy Style and Humble Gods, working with his rap rock group the Kottonmouth Kings in the 2000s, and playing on his solo albums. Carrion has also composed, edited, and recorded music for television and films, including several reality television series and game shows during the 2000s. In 2012 he started his own Americana group, Doug C and the Blacklisted.
Career
1980s: Descendents, Doggy Style, and Dag Nasty
Carrion attended Mira Costa High School in Manhattan Beach, California with Descendents drummer Bill Stevenson and singer Milo Aukerman. He played bass guitar in the punk rock bands Con 800 and Anti, with whom he recorded demos. In 1985 he joined the Descendents, replacing original bassist Tony Lombardo, and accompanied the band on their first tour: "I get this weird note on my door, and it's like 'Hey, this is Bill. I'm thinking about doing the Descendents again. Tony can't do it, so I want to know if you want to give it a swing.' So we practiced getting me brought up to speed and then, right as school was ready to stop, Milo jumped in the van and we started doing shows." He later recalled of the experience:
That first tour was probably one of the most difficult tours and the funnest tour at the same time. The hard part was we were traveling in this horrible, horrible, beat-up '71 Ford Econoline van in the dead of summer with no air conditioning. You're laying on this plywood loft and the sun's sweltering on the ceiling. You stay at sketchy houses in sketchy neighborhoods with sketchy people. There's a show on Friday and Saturday, and then you're just wandering the states wondering what to do. "Holy smokes, there's a show in Seattle and we're in El Paso. How many days do we have to get there? Nine. What are we gonna do for nine days?" Funny, crazy, and everybody was kind of dedicated to having about as much fun as could happen in a 24-hour period.
On the band's return to Los Angeles, Carrion lived with them in their rehearsal space, a storefront in Lomita, California. He performed on their 1986 album Enjoy!, for which he co-wrote seven songs. He left the band in the fall of that year: "I just wanted to keep kind of experimenting, and that's really it. It was like 'Okay, cool, you're taking the ship north, I'm going south. Roger! He joined the punk rock band Doggy Style, his first collaboration with Brad "Daddy X" Xavier, playing on their 1986 album The Last Laugh. In March 1987 he moved to Washington, D.C. to join Dag Nasty, performing on the albums Wig Out at Denko's (1987) and Field Day (1988) and the EPs All Ages Show (1987) and Trouble Is (1988).
1990s: For Love Not Lisa and Humble Gods
Carrion briefly fronted his own band, Pale, who released one single, "And Shed Her Skin" / "Reunion" (1990), and one EP, Tantrum (1991). He produced Ultrahead's 1992 album Cementruck. He then joined the hard rock band For Love Not Lisa, with whom he engineered, produced, and played bass guitar on the album Merge (1993), EP Softhand (1993), and single "Good Intentions" / "Hallowed Be" (1994). He also produced and played guitar on Ultrahead's 1994 album Definition: Aggro. In 1995 Carrion joined Daddy X's Hermosa Beach, California-based punk rock band Humble Gods, playing guitar on their albums Humble Gods (1995) and No Heroes (1996).
2000s: Kottonmouth Kings and film and television work
In 2000 Carrion briefly sang in the hardcore punk band Six Degrees of Right, who released one demo. From 2000–2006 he collaborated with Daddy X on a number of projects, beginning with playing guitar on the song "Peace Not Greed" on the rap rock group Kottonmouth Kings' 2000 album High Society. He went on to play guitar and/or bass on the group's subsequent four studio albums: Hidden Stash II: The Kream of the Krop (2001), Rollin' Stoned (2002), Fire It Up (2004), and Kottonmouth Kings (2005). He also played guitar on King Harbor, a 2003 album by Kottonmouth Kings side project Tsunami Brothers; joined the reunited Humble Gods for their 2004 album Born Free, which he also produced; played a mob boss in the direct-to-video film F**k The Bull-s**t - The Taxman Movie (2004) starring Kottonmouth Kings hype man The Taxman; and performed on Daddy X's solo albums Organic Soul (2004) and Family Ties (2006).
The second half of the decade saw Carrion switch from albums and live performances to producing music for television and films. He composed music for Last Laugh '05, the 2005 installment of Comedy Central's annual comedy special. For the soundtrack of the 2006 film The Still Life, in which he played a small role as a security guard, Carrion wrote five songs with director Joel A. Miller and performed them with Adrian Young of No Doubt. He also wrote and performed the song "Everything Is Gonna Be OK" for the direct-to-video film American Pie Presents: Beta House (2007) and composed music for the documentary film Celebrity Art Show (2008). As a music editor, Carrion worked on several reality television series and game shows including Beauty and the Geek (2005–06, 9 episodes), The Biggest Loser (2006, 41 episodes), 7 Day Switch (2006), Identity (2006–07, 12 episodes), Science of Love (2007), Age of Love (2007, 8 episodes), I Can Make You Thin with Paul McKenna (2008, 5 episodes), Groomer Has It (2008, 13 episodes), and Opportunity Knocks (2008, 13 episodes). He also composed music for the series Parental Control (2009, 4 episodes) and Make It or Break It (2009, 8 episodes).
2010s: Recent activity
Carrion composed music for the short film Taking the Stage (2010) and wrote and performed the song "Tear Down the Walls" for Item 47 (2012), one of the Marvel One-Shots series of short films. In 2012 he returned to performing and making records, starting his own Americana group, Doug C and the Blacklisted, who have released several EPs. He describes the band as being "for folks who like Hank Williams Sr. but also have an understanding of Elvis, Black Flag, and The Cramps." He participated in the making of the 2013 documentary Filmage: The Story of Descendents/All, in which he is featured in interview footage discussing his time with the Descendents.
Discography
Film credits
Television credits
References
American punk rock bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
Descendents members
Living people
1964 births
Guitarists from California
American male guitarists
Dag Nasty members
20th-century American guitarists
Wes Sharon (born January 23, 1970, Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States) is an American musician and an award-winning and Grammy nominated record producer and recording engineer.
Music career
Early years
Wes Sharon began his career in Oklahoma and Texas playing bass in alternative rock and punk bands. By his late teens he was being asked to produce sessions for other local bands and in 1994 he relocated to Cotati, California where he became a staff recording engineer and producer at Prairie Sun Recording Studios and had the opportunity to work with a wide variety of artists such asRemy Zero, Far (band), Simon Says (band), Gregg Allman, Wayne Perkins, Pat Travers, Rick Derringer, Tony MacAlpine, The Doobie Brothers, and Blag Dahlia & the Dwarves. Returning to Oklahoma he built his own facility and produced and engineered albums for artists such as Traindodge, Radial Spangle, Hurricane Jane, Charm Pops, Remember August, the Roustabouts, the Martini Kings and Smarty Pants. In recent years he has produced and/or engineered releases for John Fullbright, Turnpike Troubadours, Ali Harter, The Damn Quails, Camille Harp, Aranda, Parker Millsap, Jeremy Johnson & the Lonesome Few, and multiple albums with Mike McClure.
Later years
In 2012, Sharon produced and engineered releases for artists as diverse as singer/songwriter John Fullbright, Turnpike Troubadours (Goodbye Normal Street), Parker Millsap (w/ Michael Rose (bassist) on their debut album, Palisade), Chad Sullins & The Last Call Coalition (Incommunicado, their first release for Smith Music Group) and an expansive acoustic based singer/songwriter compilation project released in three volumes entitled Songs From The Alley.. for the JJ's Alley Records imprint.
The Turnpike Troubadours 2012 album, Goodbye Normal Street, was ranked as No. 1 in Lone Star Music's 100 Best Selling Albums of 2012. The album peaked at number 57 on the Billboard 200. The collection won Album of the Year and Song of the Year at the 2013 Lone Star Music Awards. Fullbright was awarded the Emerging Artist of the Year.
John Fullbright's album From The Ground Up (produced by Sharon and Fullbright and recorded and mixed by Sharon at 115 Recording) was nominated for Best Americana Album at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards held on February 10, 2013.
Parker Millsap and Michael Rose's album Palisade was named the Best Album of 2012 by the Oklahoma Gazette in their year's end "Tops of 12" issue.
Sharon was nominated for Producer of the Year in the 2013 Lone Star Music Awards citing his work with The Turnpike Troubadours and John Fullbright. Wes Sharon and The Turnpike Troubadours were awarded the 2013 Single of the Year Award by Texas Regional Radio.
Fullbright's album From The Ground Up was nominated for the 2013 Album of the Year Award by the Americana Music Association. Fullbright was also nominated for the 2013 Emerging Artist of the Year.
Sharon was the bass player for Shoe Papa Blue, Angry Son, Burnwagon, Puller and John Fullbright. He currently plays bass on various studio session dates. His playing can be heard on numerous albums including Fullbright's albums From The Ground Up and Songs, The Damn Quails' Down The Hatch and Ali Harter's Near The Knuckle.
In 2016, Sharon signed an endorsement deal with the guitar pickup maker Larry DiMarzio and now uses DiMarzio bass pickups.
Sharon produced, recorded and mixed the debut solo album for Parker Millsap (released and distributed via Okrahoma/Thirty Tigers on February 4, 2014).
In 2014, Sharon produced, recorded and mixed an album for Texas singer/songwriter Troy Cartwright, the winner of the 25th annual B. W. Stevenson Songwriting Competition in Dallas, and the recipient of the 2014 Rising Star Texas Music Award. The album was released in 2015 and distributed by RED/Sony.
In November 2014, Sharon began producing sessions for The Grahams. Sharon also engineered and mixed the album, and it was released on May 19, 2015 on 12 South Records/RED and Sony (Australia).
In May 2015, Sharon was asked to complete the recording and to mix the Turnpike Troubadours album, titled The Turnpike Troubadours (produced by guitarist Ryan Engleman and engineer Matt Wright). It was released on September 18, 2015 on Bossier City/Thirty Tigers and debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard Country Chart. In the Best of 2015 review Farce the Music stated, "There's space, separation, and vividness in the sound. The slower songs soar, the rockers punch, and there's fiddle and steel galore. On a good set of speakers, this thing is stunning."
Sharon produced the debut, self-titled, solo release for Jared Deck. Its first single, "17 Miles", was debuted via Rolling Stone and on the strength of that effort Deck was selected as one of Rolling Stone's 10 New Country Artists You Need To Know in March 2016. Of the experience Deck was quoted as saying, "Wes understands songs and the people who write them. He helped me find a voice I didn't know I had." The album was released in May 2016.
Sharon was featured in the June 28, 2016 edition of The Daily Country. Sharon was featured in the August 8, 2016 edition of the Blugrass Situation in The Producers. He was also featured in the August 11, 2016 of NTown. He was featured in the September, 2016 issue of Mix Magazine in the Profiles section.
Personal life
Wes Sharon owns and operates the audio recording facility 115 Recording in Norman, Oklahoma, where he lives with his wife and son.
References
1970 births
Living people
American audio engineers
Record producers from California
Record producers from Oklahoma
Songwriters from Oklahoma
Musicians from Oklahoma
American male bass guitarists
American rock guitarists
People from Cotati, California
Engineers from California
Edmond Memorial High School alumni
American male songwriters
Tir na n'Og is the debut album of the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Tir na n'Og released in 2006. It was the band's only Irish folk/Celtic rock-oriented album, as in 2008 they changed their name to Alfapop and moved towards power pop.
Track listing
Personnel
Jovana Vujnović - vocals
Jovan Dragumilo - guitar
Miroslav Kočić - violin
Ranko Radovanov - bass guitar
Miloš Jokić - drums
Additional personnel
Srđan Tanasković - keyboards (on tracks: 4, 9)
Srđan Grujičić - acoustic guitar (on track 6)
Mladen Miloradović - cello (on track 8)
References
Tir na n'Og at Discogs
External links
Tir na n'Og at Discogs
Alfapop albums
2006 debut albums
One Records (Serbia) albums
Serbian-language albums
Cidra may refer to:
Places
Cidra, Puerto Rico, a municipality
Cidra, Añasco, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Cidra barrio-pueblo, a barrio
Zimin (, from zima meaning winter) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Zimina. It may refer to
Semyon Grigorievich Zimin (1740-1860), Russian entrepreneur
Aleksandr Zimin (1920–1980), Russian historian
Anna Zimina (born 1939), Soviet middle-distance runner
Dmitry Zimin (born 1933), Russian entrepreneur
Ilya Zimin (1972–2006), Russian TV reporter
Ivan Zimin , Russian industrialist
Jim Zimin (1902–1974), Russian-born Australian farmer
Nikolai Zimin (1895–1938), Soviet politician
Olga Zimina (born 1982), Russian-Italian chess player
Sergei Zimin (1870–1945), Russian entrepreneur and founder of the Zimin Opera
Valentina Zimina (1899–1928), Russian silent screen actress
Viktor Zimin (politician) (born 1962), Russian politician
Viktor Zimin (football coach) (born 1950), Russian football coach
Yevgeni Zimin (1947–2018), Russian hockey player
Yulia Zimina (born 1981), Russian film actress and TV presenter
See also
Zemina (surname)
Zemin (given name)
Ziming, a given name
References
Russian-language surnames
"I Love My Country" is a song recorded by American country music duo Florida Georgia Line. It was released in March 2020 as the first single from their fifth studio album Life Rolls On, and was included on their 6-Pack EP.
Content
The duo released the song on March 27, 2020. Corey Crowder co-wrote the song with Ernest K. Smith, Charlie Handsome, Kane Brown, Chase McGill, and Will Weatherly, and also produced it. USA Today referred to the song as a "country-rock jam tailor-made for summertime."
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country called the song "the kind of country-rocker they built their live show on" and noted the "banjo, heavy drum beats and electric guitars" in the production. Jon Freeman of Rolling Stone Country thought that the song showed influence from country music of the 1990s.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
Florida Georgia Line songs
Big Machine Records singles
Songs written by Kane Brown
Songs written by Corey Crowder (songwriter)
Songs written by Ernest (musician)
Songs written by Chase McGill
Country rock songs
American patriotic songs
ToursByLocals is a Canadian-based, international private tour provider. Headquartered in Vancouver, with offices in Buenos Aires, Kuala Lumpur and Glasgow, the company serves upwards of 400,000 clients a year, connecting them with over 4300 private tour guides in 163 countries and 1,000 locations.
The company is a member of the Local Travel Movement, which aims to connect independent and mindful travellers with local people and local experiences.
History
Founded in 2008 by Paul Melhus and Dave Vincent, the company initially focused on the basic function of connecting travellers with local guides via an online platform, relying on peer reviews to establish quality control measures. One of the originators of the "peer to peer" travel model the company has since shifted to offering more closely managed, curated tour content and shore excursions for cruise ships.
The company actively recruits independent local guides in new locations globally, and currently accepts roughly 1 in 9 applications after a multi-stage screening and interview process.
In January 2020, ToursByLocals announced $33 million in series A funding with Austin, Texas-based growth capital fund Tritium Partners. Funds from the round will be used for enhancements in user experience, technology, marketing and recruiting more talent.
'Controversy
Since the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022, despite calls for travel companies to cease operations in Russian, President Luciano Bullorsky and CEO Paul Melhus have confirmed that they will continue their Russian tours and continue to employ Russian guides. The company provides financial allowances and subsidies to its Russian guides during the war.
External links
Official website
References
Canadian travel websites
Travel and holiday companies of Canada
Peer-to-peer
Belinda Goss (born 6 January 1984 in Devonport, Tasmania) is a retired Australian professional racing cyclist. She was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
An Australian Institute of Sport Scholarship and Tasmanian Institute of Sport Scholarship holder throughout her career, Goss began racing at just 13 years of age and competed at International Level throughout her career, both on the Track and the Road. A winner of 15 Australian National Titles during her career, Goss represented her country at Junior and Senior level on both the Track and Road at World Championship and Commonwealth Games level. She is the only Australian to have won three consecutive World Championship Track medals in the scratch race. She was inducted into the Tasmanian Institute of Sport Champions Club in 2013 in recognition of her career and contribution to her sport in her state.
Late in 2012, Goss made the decision to step down from international competition as a result of a serious back injury sustained whilst racing in Europe. Following retirement, Belinda has continued her involvement in cycling by transferring her skills into coaching. Belinda is a Level 2 Cycling Australia Qualified Coach.
Palmarès
2002
3rd World Championship, Track, Scratch, Juniors
2003
1st Stage 4, Geelong Tour – Botanic Gardens
2004
1st Points race, Oceania Games, Elite, Melbourne
1st Scratch, Oceania Games, Elite, Melbourne
3rd Keirin, Oceania Games, Elite, Melbourne
2005
3rd Scratch, Australian National Track Championships, Adelaide – U23
2nd Points race, Australian National Track Championships, Adelaide – Elite
3rd Moscow, World Cup, Scratch
2006
3rd Bay Classic
3rd Scratch, Australian National Track Championships, Adelaide – U23
2007
2nd Bay Classic
1st Stage 2, Bay Classic, Portarlington
1st Points race, Australian National Track Championships, Sydney
2nd Manchester, World Cup, Points race
2nd Manchester, World Cup, Scratch
3rd 2007 Tour of Chongming Island Stage race
1st Stage 2, Chongxi
1st Stage 3, Chongbei
2nd Sydney, World Cup, Team Pursuit
2nd Beijing, World Cup, Scratch
2008
1st Points Race, Latrobe Carnival
2nd Bay Classic
3rd Scratch, 2008 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
2009
3rd Scratch, 2009 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
1st Scratch Race, 2009–2010 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics
3rd Team Pursuit, 2009–2010 UCI Track Cycling World Cup, Manchester
External links
Personal Website
1984 births
Living people
Australian track cyclists
People from Devonport, Tasmania
Australian female cyclists
Sportswomen from Tasmania
Australian Institute of Sport cyclists
Cyclists at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Cyclists from Tasmania
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Gilung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2110 people living in 419 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Lucien Monsi-Agboka (3 June 1926 − 27 April 2008) was a Beninese Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1957, Monsi-Agboka was named bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Abomey, Benin in 1963 and retired in 2002.
References
1926 births
2008 deaths
People from Cotonou
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Benin
Roman Catholic bishops of Abomey
Baião () is a municipality in Porto District in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 20,522, in an area of 174.53 km².
Baião received a charter from Manuel I on 1 September 1513.
The present Mayor is Paulo Pereira, elected from the Socialist Party. The municipal holiday is August 24.
Parishes
Administratively, the municipality is divided into 14 civil parishes (freguesias):
Ancede e Ribadouro (town of Ancede)
Baião (Santa Leocádia) e Mesquinhata
Campelo e Ovil (town of Baião)
Frende
Gestaçô
Gove
Grilo
Loivos da Ribeira e Tresouras
Loivos do Monte
Santa Cruz do Douro e São Tomé de Covelas
Santa Marinha do Zêzere (town)
Teixeira e Teixeiró
Valadares
Viariz
Notable people
Soeiro Pereira Gomes (1909 in Gestaçô – 1949) a Portuguese writer of realist influence
António Mota (born 1957) a Portuguese writer for children and young people.
Ricardo José Vaz Alves Monteiro (born 1983 in Gestaçô), known as Tarantini, a former footballer with 495 club caps
References
External links
Town Hall official website
Municipalities of Porto District
People from Baião, Portugal
A lacteal is a lymphatic capillary that absorbs dietary fats in the villi of the small intestine.
Triglycerides are emulsified by bile and hydrolyzed by the enzyme lipase, resulting in a mixture of fatty acids, di- and monoglycerides. These then pass from the intestinal lumen into the enterocyte, where they are re-esterified to form triglyceride. The triglyceride is then combined with phospholipids, cholesterol ester, and apolipoprotein B48 to form chylomicrons. These chylomicrons then pass into the lacteals, forming a milky substance known as chyle. The lacteals merge to form larger lymphatic vessels that transport the chyle to the thoracic duct where it is emptied into the bloodstream at the subclavian vein.
At this point, the fats are in the bloodstream in the form of chylomicrons. Once in the blood, chylomicrons are subject to delipidation by lipoprotein lipase. Eventually, enough lipid has been lost and additional apolipoproteins gained, that the resulting particle (now referred to as a chylomicron remnant) can be taken up by the liver. From the liver, the fat released from chylomicron remnants can be re-exported to the blood as the triglyceride component of very low-density lipoproteins. Very low-density lipoproteins are also subject to delipidation by vascular lipoprotein lipase, and deliver fats to tissues throughout the body. In particular, the released fatty acids can be stored in adipose cells as triglycerides. As triglycerides are lost from very low-density lipoproteins, the lipoprotein particles become smaller and denser (since protein is denser than lipid) and ultimately become low-density lipoproteins. LDL particles are highly atherogenic.
Note that in contrast to any other route of absorption from the small intestine, the lymphatic system avoids first pass metabolism.
Notes and references
External links
- "117. Digestive System: Alimentary Canal jejunum, central lacteals "
Digestive system
Lymphatic system
Lymphatic tissue
The blue-headed sunbird (Cyanomitra alinae) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda and Uganda.
References
blue-headed sunbird
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
blue-headed sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jules Renard (Paris, 1813 – Sèvres 1877) was a 19th-century French playwright and vaudevilliste.
Works
Cherubin ou la journée des aventures, comedy in five acts and six tableaux, premiered in Paris at the Théâtre des Délassements-Comiques, 15 September 1852, Vialat et Cie
L'Hôtel des haricots, vaudeville in three acts with Delbès, premiered in Paris at the Théâtre de la Gaîté 18 January 1861, Pilloy, s.d.
Un a million dans le ventre, vaudeville in one act, premiered in Paris at the Théâtre des Variétés, 17 May 1857, M. Lévy, s.d.
Même maison, vaudeville in 1 act, Théâtre du Palais-Royal, 4 May 1865, E. Dentu, 1865
Une noce sur le carré, comédie-vaudeville in one act, Palais-Royal, 6 April 1868, E. Dentu, 1868
Deux prisonniers de Théodoros, pochade abyssinienne in one act, new music by M. de Villebichot, E. Dentu, 1868
Le Musée d'Anatole, vaudeville in one act, Palais-Royal, 17 August 1870, E. Dentu, 1871
Un coup de vent, vaudeville in one act, Palais-Royal, 22 August 1867, E. Dentu, 1872
La Clarinette postale, comédie-vaudeville in one act, Palais-Royal, 20 June 1873, Tresse, 1873
References
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Paris
1813 births
1877 deaths
Arthur Lee McGee (March 25, 1933 – July 1, 2019) was an American fashion designer. In 1957, he was the first African American designer hired to run a design studio on Seventh Avenue in the Garment District in New York City.
Early life and education
Arthur Lee McGee was born on March 25, 1933 in Detroit, Michigan. His mother Rose was a dressmaker, she created her own clothing designs and taught he to him about fashion early in his childhood. His mother liked hats, so as a child he was determined to learn to make hats so he could make her one.
He attended Traphagen School of Fashion in New York City because he had won a scholarship. He graduated from Traphagen in 1951 in Costume Design. He continued his studies in millinery and apparel design at Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) to refine his skills. At the same time he was in school, he studied with fashion designer, Charles James. He dropped out of FIT in 1956 before graduating after he was told there were no jobs for black designers and the Dean suggested he start looking for jobs as a presser.
Career
He spoke openly about being treated poorly in design offices in the early years and being assumed to not be the fashion designer, even when he was dressed in designer clothing, because he was black. In his early jobs he was allowed to create the fashion designs and build the clothing for the firm, but he was not allowed to use his own name. He opened up a small space in Greenwich Village and sold clothing to a few celebrities one weekend, and from then he had work from Broadway shows needing costumes.
By 1957, at the age of 24, he was running the design room for Bobby Brooks, Inc, a women's apparel company. He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
McGee's clothing designs were known for bringing both African and Asian fashion aesthetics together, often featuring a looser silhouette and fabrics from Africa. In the 1960s he opened his own design store on St. Mark's Place in New York City. In addition the 1960s and 1970s he worked for College Town of Boston, a collegiate themed women's apparel company. He was most active in design between the 1960s until the 1980s. His designs were sold at larger department stores, and in many cases these were the first time the stores carried any African American fashion designers work, including Saks Fifth Avenue, Bloomingdale's, Henri Bendel, and Bergdorf Goodman.
Some of his clients included Lena Horne, Sybil Burton, Cicely Tyson, and Stevie Wonder. He designed musician Dexter Gordon's custom suit he wore to the 1987 Academy Awards when he was nominated for an Oscar for the film Round Midnight.
Death and legacy
McGee died July 1, 2019 at the age of 86, in a nursing home in New York City after a long battle with illness.
McGee had been a mentor to fashion designer, Willi Smith. And McGee influenced many younger designers of the 1970s including, Stephen Burrows, Scott Barrie, B. Michael, Jeffrey Banks, and James Daugherty. His work is included in various public museum collections including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, National Museum of African American History and Culture, among others.
McGee's work was featured on the television show Antiques Roadshow (Season 24 Episode 30).
References
External links
Video: The Fashion of Arthur McGee (2009) from the Metropolitan Museum of Art
1933 births
2019 deaths
American fashion designers
African-American fashion designers
People from Detroit
Traphagen School of Fashion alumni
Fashion Institute of Technology alumni
People from New York City
1980s fashion
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
Bone metastasis, or osseous metastatic disease, is a category of cancer metastases that results from primary tumor invasion to bone. Bone-originating primary tumors such as osteosarcoma, chondrosarcoma, and Ewing's sarcoma are rare; the most common bone tumor is a metastasis Bone metastases can be classified as osteolytic, osteoblastic, or both. Unlike hematologic malignancies which originate in the blood and form non-solid tumors, bone metastases generally arise from epithelial tumors and form a solid mass inside the bone. Bone metastases, especially in a state of advanced disease, can cause severe pain, characterized by a dull, constant ache with periodic spikes of incident pain.
Types of lesions
Under normal conditions, bone undergoes continuous remodeling through osteoclast-mediated bone resorption and osteoblast-mediated bone deposition. These processes are normally tightly regulated within bone to maintain bone structure and calcium homeostasis in the body. Dysregulation of these processes by tumor cells leads to either osteoblastic or osteolytic lesions, reflective of the underlying mechanism of development. Typically, osteolytic metastases are more aggressive than osteoblastic metastases, which have a slower course. Regardless of the phenotype, bone metastases commonly show osteoclast proliferation and hypertrophy.
Primary tumors
Osteoblastic lesions
Prostate cancer
Carcinoid
Small cell lung cancer
Hodgkin lymphoma
Medulloblastoma
Osteolytic lesions
Non-small cell lung cancer
Thyroid cancer
Kidney cancer
Multiple myeloma
Melanoma
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma
Langerhans cell histiocytosis
Mixed lesions
Breast cancer
Testicular cancer
Ovarian cancer
Gastrointestinal cancers
Squamous cell skin cancers
Hepatocellular carcinomas
Signs and symptoms
Bone metastases can cause severe pain, bone fractures, spinal cord compression, hypercalcemia, anemia, spinal instability, decreased mobility, and rapid degradation in the quality of life for patients. Patients have described the pain as a dull ache that grows worse over time, with intermittent periods of sharp, jagged pain. Even under controlled pain management, periods of breakthrough pain can occur rapidly, without warning, several times a day. Pain may be worse at night and partially relieved by activity. Metastases to weightbearing bones may become symptomatic early in the course of disease, as compared to metastases to the flat bones of the rib or sternum.
Effects of bone metastasis
Major complications secondary to bone metastases are termed Skeletal-Related Events (SREs).
Occurrence of pathological long bone and vertebral fractures
Development of spinal cord compression
Need for radiation for pain relief or to treat or prevent pathological fractures or spinal cord compression
Requirement for surgery to bone
Episodes of hypercalcemia of malignancy
Other symptoms include:
Spinal Instability
Compression of the Cauda Equina
Cranial Nerve Palsies
Suppression of bone marrow function (i.e. anemia)
Decreased mobility
Sources of bone metastases
Bone is the third most common location for metastasis, after the lung and liver. While any type of cancer is capable of forming metastatic tumors within bone, the microenvironment of the marrow tends to favor particular types of cancer, including prostate, breast, and lung cancers. In prostate cancer, bone metastases tend to be the only site of metastasis. The most common sites of bone metastases are the spine, pelvis, ribs, skull, and proximal femur.
Common primary tumors
Breast cancer
Prostate cancer
Lung cancer
Kidney cancer
Thyroid cancer
Mechanism
Initial Seeding
Many cancers spread to bone, but not all bones are implicated in cancerous metastasis. The microenvironment of differing bone types is thought to play a role in its predisposition to tumor seeding. For example, trabecular bone rich in red marrow and bone subject to frequent turnover are more likely to be seeded at premetastatic niches formed by interactions between cancerous cells and bone substrate Tumor cells are then attracted to the metastatic niche in the bone. However, the characteristics of these niches have yet to be fully elucidated. Initial seeding can occur prior to the discovery of the primary tumor.
Vascular Seeding
The pathogenesis of bone metastasis via the vasculature is hypothesized to be related to the Batson vertebral vein plexus, a longitudinal valveless system connected to the breast, lung, kidney, thyroid, and prostate gland that extends from the sacrum to the skull. The most common locations of metastases are the pelvis, vertebral bodies, ribs and ends of long bones.
Dormancy
Once established, the tumor cells can remain dormant on the bone microenvironment, radiologically undetectable, for many years. The triggers which eventually awaken metastatic tumor cells are an active field of study as they could elucidate mechanisms of controlling dormancy.
Tumor Cell-Bone Interactions
Tumor cells may have paraneoplastic effects, such as via the secretion of Prostaglandin E, TGF-alpha, TGF-beta, TNF, and interleukins to increase bone resorption. The destruction of bone affected by bone metastases are caused by osteoclast-mediated osteolysis. The uncoupled regulation of osteoclasts and osteoblasts leads to malformation of the bone. Lytic bone lesions may also lead to the pathogenesis of hypercalcemia in cancers that have spread to bone
Diagnosis
Skeletal Radiography
A plain film x-ray of the entire body can identify bone metastasis. However, the sclerotic or osteolytic lesions must be at least 1 cm in diameter. A combination of X-ray, CT and MRI scans may be most sensitive in the diagnosis of cancerous bone metastasis.
Radionuclide Bone Scan
A radionuclide bone scan or scintigraphy can identify bone metastasis. Technetium-99m–labeled bisphosphonate attaches to calcium at sites of active bone formation. Bone scans are more sensitive and can identify lesions earlier than plain radiographs. However, these methods are less effective at identifying purely osteolytic lesions and will also highlight other areas of bone formation, such as those caused by trauma or inflammation unrelated to cancer. Additionally, bladder activity may mask the detection of certain pelvic lesions.
CT Scan
A CT scan can detect bone metastases before they present with symptoms in patients diagnosed with tumors that are high-risk for spread to the bone. Even sclerotic bone metastases are generally less radiodense than enostoses, and it has been suggested that bone metastasis should be the favored diagnosis between the two for bone lesions lower than a cutoff of 1060 Hounsfield units (HU). If a biopsy is indicated, a CT scan is often used to localize the lesion before biopsy.
MRI
MRIs can be used to detect bone metastasis with a sensitivity of 82-100% and a specificity of 73-100%.
PET Scan
Positron emission tomography (PET) with fluorine 18–labeled fluorodeoxyglucose ( 18 F-FDG) is a powerful diagnostic tool to visualize the activity of bone metastasis. Bone metastases on PET scan are usually multiple, irregularly distributed foci of increased tracer uptake without relationship to a single anatomic structure. A PET scan can directly identify tumor cells with significant metabolic rate. However, it is a costly procedure and device availability may be limited.
Bone Markers
Due to the high rate of bone turnover, metabolites are theorized to be capable of detecting bone metastasis. Use of bone markers for detection and screening is an active field of research, though radiographic evidence remains the gold standard. However, once the presence of a bone metastasis has been established, tumor metabolic markers can provide useful diagnostic and prognostic information.
Treatment
The goals of treatment for bone metastases include pain control, prevention and treatment of fractures, maintenance of patient quality of life, and local tumor control. Optimal treatment requires a multidisciplinary team of physicians, including medical and radiation oncologists, orthopedic surgeons, radiologists, nuclear medicine physician, palliative medicine specialists, and more. Assessment of treatment is determined by multiple factors, including performance status, pain score, impact on quality of life, and overall status of clinical disease. Important therapies include external-beam radiotherapy, targeted radioisotope therapy, image guided tumor ablation chemotherapy, and bone-targeting chemotherapeutic agents such as Bisphosphonates and Denosumab. Orthopedic interventions such as internal fixation or spinal decompression may be necessary in the case of loss of structural stability due to bone destruction.
Pain management
The World Health Organization's pain ladder was designed for the management of cancer-associated pain. The original ladder details the management of pain using a sequence of analgesic medications, starting with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications and progressing to weak and strong opioids
Other treatments include corticosteroids, radiotherapy, and radionucleotides.
Percutaneous osteoplasty involves the use of bone cement to reduce pain and improve mobility. In palliative therapy, the main options are external radiation and radiopharmaceuticals.
Thermal ablation techniques are increasingly being used in the palliative treatment of painful metastatic bone disease. Although the majority of patients experience complete or partial relief of pain following external radiation therapy, the effect is not immediate and has been shown in some studies to be transient in more than half of patients. For patients who are not eligible or do not respond to traditional therapies ( i.e. radiation therapy, chemotherapy, palliative surgery, bisphosphonates or analgesic medications), thermal ablation techniques have been explored as alternatives for pain reduction. Several multi-center clinical trials studying the efficacy of radiofrequency ablation in the treatment of moderate to severe pain in patients with metastatic bone disease have shown significant decreases in patient reported pain after treatment. These studies are limited, however, to patients with one or two metastatic sites; pain from multiple tumors can be difficult to localize for directed therapy. More recently, cryoablation has also been explored as a potentially effective alternative as the area of destruction created by this technique can be monitored more effectively by CT than radiofrequency ablation, a potential advantage when treating tumors adjacent to critical structures.
A Cochrane review of calcitonin for the treatment of metastatic bone pain suggests calcitonin yields no significant benefit in the reduction of bone pain or improvements in quality of life.
Bone-Targeted Agents
Bone-Targeted Agents (BTAs) including Bisphosphonates and Denosumab, can interrupt osteoclast-mediated osteolysis. Osteoclast inhibitors, most frequently used in the treatment of osteoporosis, can allow for bone healing and delay complications. BTAs have been shown to decrease the incidence of Skeletal Related Events (SREs) like pathological fractures, thereby decreasing the need for surgical intervention or pain medication.
Prognosis
Many cancers are predisposed to metastasize to bone. The list below details the likelihood of a cancer, if in a stage of advanced metastasis, to have spread to bone at time of death:
Breast: 65-75%
Prostate: 65-75%
Thyroid: 60%
Kidney: 20-25%
Lung: 30-40%
Given the high incidence of breast, lung and prostate cancer, these patients account for > 80% of patients with bone metastases.
For patients with advanced metastatic disease involving the bone, median survival from the time of diagnosis of a bone metastasis varies by primary tumor type. A list is included below:
Breast: 19–25 months
Prostate: 12–53 months
Thyroid: 48 months
Kidney: 12 months
Lung: 6–7 months
See also
Bone tumor
References
Further reading
Skeletal disorders
Osseous and chondromatous neoplasia
The Fläschenspitz is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located south of Studen in the canton of Schwyz. It lies between the valley of the Sihl and the Klöntal.
References
External links
Fläschenspitz on Hikr
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of the canton of Schwyz
Mountains of Switzerland
Arti et Amicitiae (lat .: For Art and Friendship) is a Dutch artist's society founded in 1839, and located on the Rokin in Amsterdam. The Society (also called Arti for short) has played a key role in the Netherlands art scene and in particular in the Amsterdam art schools. It was and is to this day a hub for artists and art lovers in the city of Amsterdam. It is a private institution which supports artists, maintains social networks and offers a pension fund. In recent times it has been one of the venues for the 17th edition of the Sonic Acts Festival.
Arti et Amicitiae is also the name of the building. The complex was merged from two separate buildings and given a white neo-classical facade by J. H. Leliman in 1855.
History and Structure
In 1794 the last Dutch city painter's guild was dissolved during the French occupation by Napoleonic rule. The need for a common meeting place for artists became various clubs and drawing societies. In 1839 the Sociëtait Arti et Amicitiae was founded. A year later the building "Grand Salon Dupond", located in the center of Amsterdam at the Rokin 3, was acquired at an auction. It became the home of this young society. Its aim was to address a distinguished audience and to promote interest in art. Initially it was called Arti et Amicitiae – Sociëtait – Société des Beux on Rokin 3. Today it is called Maatschappij Arti et Amicitiae, or just "Arti". Today the house is assigned the number 112.
In 1841 the new exhibition Salon was created according to plans by the architect Marinus van Elven Geradur Tetar on the first floor. He was professor and director of the architecture department at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Amsterdam. To enhance this cooperative society of Fine Arts, in 1841 the King William II was given honorary membership.
In 1880, the reestablishment of the St. Lucas Artist's Association took place in Amsterdam. This had nothing in common with the construction and alignment of the old guilds. Like other artist clubs, it was a meeting place, a place of training, and a meeting point of art lovers and collectors. However, it was unable to compete with the Sociëteit Arti et Amicitiae because it was considered too academic. Added to this there was the problem of a lack of exhibition space.
Of great importance were the art appreciation evenings. Art lovers (amateurs) and collectors gathered around the artist who showed photographs and lithographs. The declared objective was to stimulate interest in the art, and then finally to improve the economic situation of the artist. This was new for artist societies. After the guilds had vanished as an economic instrument, this form of art promotion was the best alternative. For the members they created a widows and orphans fund along the lines of the old guilds funded by a portion of entrance fees for artists, the sale of exhibition catalogs and membership fees of the honorary members. Other income was generated from sales from the collection of the Historical Gallery.
Arti et Amicitiae – the politics
It was decided by Napoleon Bonaparte that the art world always had to be operated and determined by the rulers. In the Art Academy of Delft non-artists made art policy. The ranks of Soziëteit aimed to create an effective counter-movement. The aim has always been to guarantee the sovereignty of society – which has been retained steadfastly to this day. This was, and still is today, above all the financial as an art policy. To increase the popularity of an advertising campaign for a statue of a very important son of the city – Rembrandt van Rijn – has been initiated.
A founding member of Arti et Amiticae, Louis Royer, created this statue. In 1852 it was unveiled by King William III. One of the main concerns was the creation of a historical gallery with 103 works from scenes of national history. In 1841 the increase took place in the new exhibition room. The interesting effect was, a glass roof let sunlight into the elongated exhibition room. It was possible because the new steel construction allowed in the roof area a continuous band of windows.
The shading effect has been achieved via an internal cornice. The vertical exhibit space was divided on pilasters. This is well recognized for its individually tailored art exhibitions. This is both to members and non-members. The latter include, inter alia, Marc Chagall, Vincent van Gogh and Max Liebermann.
The company is called today about 550 artists and 1100 as members of her own sponsor.
The very valuable and extensive historical library that was built up over the history of this association, has been delivered to the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam. – The historical archives is still there.
The Building
The accommodation at the Rokin 3 have been maintained until today. The semi-detached house is characterized by the built-in cast-iron supports. The glass roof ensures a uniform illumination.
The neo-classical facade has been accentuated by the four allegory building, sculpture, engraving and painting – they are standing for the four in the house united art forms. These sculptures date back to Franz Stracke. In the facade are located a hand as a landmark and the ox, patron saint of the former guild of St. Lucas. The architect Hendrikus Petrus Berlage had taken the indoor design. Here showrooms, boardrooms and a private clubroom have been created.
In 1893/94 the first rebuilding took place. The main entrance was moved to the Spui and the staircase and the hallway had been renewed. The architects Berlage and Beys, both members of the Artists' Association, distinguished themselves responsible for this construction project. In the years 1962–64 the building was completely restored and modernized. The main entrance was moved back to the Rokin. The exhibition rooms have been modernized. The precious woodwork of the interiors and the furniture works are still largely intact. In 2009, the adjacent building no. 114 was purchased in order to integrate new premises.
In the precious staircase is a gallery of the great painters of the 2nd Golden Age of Dutch painting. These are such names as Lizzy Ansingh, George Hendrik Breitner, Marius Bauer, Bernd Blommers, the brothers Jacob Maris, Willem Maris and Matthijs Maris, Isaac Israëls, Jozef Israëls, Lourens Alma Tadema, Hendrik Willem Mesdag, Jan Sluijters, Jan Toorop, Jan Hendrik Weissenbruch, Willem Witsen, Coba Ritsema and Kees Marks.
Willink van Collenprijs
In 1878 Wilhelm Ferdinand Willink van Collen had decreed in his will. An amount of 30,000 guilders was to support the Sociëteit Arti et Amicitiae. He had the task of promoting the young Dutch artists during their study phase through a stipend. From 1880 the Willink van Collenprijs was awarded with interruptions until 1950. First Arti had oriented to the tiered pricing of Paris Salon. From 1890 only one 1st prize was awarded to the new regulation. In 1897, 1909 and 1910 and in 1917 it was awarded several times. In Amsterdam this idea of support for artists had fallen on fertile soil. This can be seen in its long duration and the recognition of a number of award winners up to the present time in 1950.
Prize of Sociëtait Arti et Amicitiae
In addition to the aforementioned prize, a separate prize for artist was awarded by the Sociëtait yet. This was also highly sought after.
In the Netherlands there was the art exhibition of living artists, which took place in the two- to three-year intervals. Thus, the young artist had three ways to make a name and to make known their art in this way.
Important members
Johannes Evert Hendrik Akkeringa
August Allebé
Louis Apol
Floris Arntzenius
Franciscus Hermanus Bach
Nicolaas Bastert
Jo Bauer
Marius Bauer
Gerard Bilders
Johannes Warnardus Bilders
Bernardus Johannes Blommers
Henri Frédéric Boot
Hendrik van Borssum Buisman
Johan Braakensiek
George Hendrik Breitner
Jacobus Ludovicus Cornet
Ko Cossaar
Pierre Cuypers
Franz Deutmann
Adrianus Eversen
Eduard Frankfort
Arnold Marc Gorter
Petrus Franciscus Greive
Hendrik Johannes Havermann
Marie Heineken
Herman Heijenbrock
Bartholomeus Johannes van Hove
Johannes Frederik Hulk
Isaac Israëls
Jozef Israëls
Eduard Karsen
Kasparus Karsen
Petrus Kiers
Johannes Hermanus Barend Koekkoek
Arnold Hendrik Koning
Jan Adam Kruseman
Charles Leickert
Jacobus van Looy
Jacob Maris
Anton Mauve
Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita
Frans Molenaar
Piet Mondriaan
Ferdinand Hart Nibbrig
Wijnand Otto Jan Nieuwenkamp
Frans Oerder
Jan van Oort
Benjamin Prins
Louis Raemaekers
Anthon van Rappard
Charles Rochussen
Willem Roelofs
Philip Sadée
Geraldine van de Sande Bakhuyzen
Julius van de Sande Bakhuyzen
Hendrik Jacobus Scholten
Johann Georg Schwartze
Thérèse Schwartze
Pauline Suij
Thamine Tadama-Groeneveld
Jan Toorop
Kees Verschuren
Wouterus Verschuur
Floris Verster
Hubert Vos
Marie Wandscheer
Herman Johannes van der Weele
Johannes Cornelis Wienecke
Jan Hillebrand Wijsmuller
Abraham Willet
Ernst Witkamp
Willem Witsen
Elsa Woutersen-van Doesburgh
Willem de Zwart
The society awarded medals to young talents and the list of the winners
Jo Bauer
Willem van den Berg,
Jeanne Bieruma Oosting
Henri Frédéric Boot
Ed Dukkers
Eduard Frankfort
Paul Husner
Germ de Jong
Jan Kagie
Otto B. de Kat
Hein Kever
Willemina Johanna Alberta Knottenbelt.
Ger Langeweg
Anton Mauve
Arie van Mever
Dirk Berend Nanninga
Geo Poggenbeek
Hans Royaards
Gerhard Westermann
Notes
References
Een vereenigung van ernstige kunstenaars (1989): 150 jaar maatschappij Arti et Amicitae, 1839–1989,
Monnickendam, M.; Rohling, F.V.A.; Sluyters,; Rueter, G. (1939): Premie-Uitgave ter gelegenheid van het 100 jarig bestaan der maatschappij Arti et Amicitae 1839–1939
Buildings and structures in Amsterdam
19th century in Amsterdam
Rijksmonuments in Amsterdam
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1855
Dutch artist groups and collectives
Art societies
The cross product is a product in vector algebra.
Cross product may also refer to:
Seven-dimensional cross product, a related product in seven dimensions
A product in a Künneth theorem
A crossed product in von Neumann algebras
A Cartesian product in set theory
See also
Cross-multiplication
The Demidovsky Pillar is a modern obelisk on Demidov Square in the Central District of Barnaul, Russia. It is a memorial to 100 years of mining in the Altai Krai. It was begun on the initiative of Pyotr Kozmitch Frolov, with the first stone being laid on 18 June 1825 and completed in 1839.
The prototype for the Demidov Pillar was the Rumyantsev Obelisk in honour of the victories of Count PA Rumyantsev, established at the end of the 18th century on Vasilevsky Island in Saint Petersburg. Initial designs for the Demidovsky Pillar were for it to be 21m high (close to the height of the Rumyantsev Obelisk), but during construction under architect Jakob Nikolayevich Popov the height was significantly reduced, to 14m. It is made of 12 grey granite blocks, cut and processed in the Kolyvanskoy township and floated down the Tcharych and Ob to Barnaul on rafts. The base rests on four iron pillars underpinning the granite pedestal, and on that pedestal is a cast bronze plaque reading:
Also on the pedestal was a cast-iron oval bas-relief with a portrait of Akinfiy Demidov produced at the Guriev plant.
In 1918 it was decided to dismantle and re-locate the obelisk as a monument to those who had died for the Revolution. Molten lead was poured between the granite slabs and there were attempts to scratch out the inscription, but it proved impossible to move it and it remains on its original site, though in the 1920s the authorities were able to remove the original memorial plaques. The bas-relief of Demidov passed to the Regional Museum as a model of artistic casting. The inscription plaque was replaced in 1949 with one reading:
References
Barnaul
Obelisks in Russia
1839 establishments in the Russian Empire
Buildings and structures in Altai Krai
Monuments and memorials in Russia
Cultural heritage monuments in Altai Krai
Objects of cultural heritage of Russia of federal significance
Glacier County is located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,778. The county is located in northwestern Montana between the Great Plains and the Rocky Mountains, known to the Blackfeet as the "Backbone of the World". The county is geographically and culturally diverse and includes the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, Glacier National Park, and Lewis and Clark National Forest. The county is bordered by 75 miles of international boundary with two ports of entry (Piegan and Del Bonita) open year-round and one seasonal (Chief Mountain) international border crossing into Alberta, Canada.
Settlements
Several small unincorporated communities, one incorporated town, and one incorporated city are located within the county.
Cut Bank, the county seat with a population of around 3000, is located in eastern Glacier County, on the edge of the Great Plains. Cut Bank arose from the railroad and agriculture needs of the surrounding area, and was fostered by an oil boom in the 1920s. The town's diverse population is the result of this settlement. Town resources include a hospital and clinic, a historic airport with regional and international connections, a nine-hole golf course, and a swimming pool. Nearby sites of the Lewis and Clark expedition and other historic and prehistoric sites can be visited. The Glacier County Museum has a collection of area artifacts, historic buildings, community memorabilia, and a comprehensive archive of early area history and individuals, including a large collection of data on Blackfeet history.
Browning is the home and government seat of the Blackfeet Tribe. The incorporated portion of Browning, at 1,400, does not reflect the population of 7,000 in the community that is largely representative of the Blackfeet Tribe on a part of their ancestral homeland dating back over 400 years. Town resources include a federal building, community college, Native American Museum and Heritage Center, casino, fairgrounds, race track, and Native American camp area that hosts an annual Native American celebration and pow-wow. Many events center on this area during the summer months. Blackfeet tribal fishing and recreational permits, along with guide and tour services to blue ribbon trout fishing and other recreational opportunities, can be found there.
Babb is a small unincorporated farming and ranching community on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation. The community experiences a large influx of tourists in the summer months as it is the gateway to the Many Glacier areas of Glacier National Park. Community infrastructure includes one school, a US post office, a fire station, a general store and motel, several restaurants, two churches, and a gas station. Nearby attractions include Glacier National Park, the Many Glacier Hotels, the St. Mary River, the St. Mary Irrigation Canal, Chief Mountain, and the US ports of entry of Piegan and Chief Mountain.
East Glacier Park Village, a small winter community, grows in the summer with many visitors and the summer help from all parts of the globe that meet the needs of the larger population. It is the site of the largest of Glacier Park's historic hotels and fleet of “red buses”. It has a nine-hole golf course, campgrounds, trail rides, boat rides, and native interpretive tours.
St. Mary is an unincorporated community on the western border of the Blackfeet Native American Reservation adjacent to Glacier National Park. The village is the eastern terminus of the Going-to-the-Sun Road which bisects the park east to west, a distance of 53 miles (85 km). Fewer than 50 people reside in the village year-round; however, the population increases tenfold on a busy summer evening. It has several lodges, restaurants and cafés, a small grocery store, two gas stations and campgrounds. A large housing area for National Park Service personnel is located adjacent to the village, but within the park. U.S. Route 89 passes through the village, which lies between Saint Mary Lake in Glacier National Park and Lower St. Mary Lake on the Blackfeet Native American Reservation.
Starr School is a census-designated place (CDP) in Glacier County. The population was 252 at the 2010 census.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water. About 71% of the county's land area lies within the Blackfeet Indian Reservation. Another 21% lies within Glacier National Park in western Glacier County.
Adjacent counties
Flathead County - west
Pondera County - south
Toole County - east
Cardston County, Alberta - north
Improvement District No. 4, Alberta (Waterton Lakes National Park) - northwest
County of Warner No. 5, Alberta - northeast
National protected areas
Glacier National Park (part)
Lewis and Clark National Forest (part)
Politics
Owing largely to its majority Native American population, Glacier County generally votes Democratic, in contrast with most other rural Montana counties, which trend Republican.
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 United States census, there were 13,247 people, 4,304 households and 3,245 families in the county. The population density was 4 per square mile (2/km2). There were 5,243 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 35.43% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 61.80% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.18% from other races, and 2.39% from two or more races. 1.20% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 11.3% were of German ancestry. 90.1% spoke English, 6.0% Blackfoot and 3.6% German as their first language.
There were 4,304 households, of which 42.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were married couples living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.56.
The county population contained 34.9% under age 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.
The median household income was $27,921 and the median family income was $31,193. Males had a median income of $27,445 compared $23,036 for females. The per capita income for the county was $11,597. About 23.5% of families and 27.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.7% of those under age 18 and 20.1% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 13,399 people, 4,361 households, and 3,088 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,348 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 65.6% Native American, 31.1% white, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% black or African American, 0.2% from other races, and 2.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 13.6% were German, 7.2% were Irish, 5.6% were Norwegian, and 1.4% were American.
Of the 4,361 households, 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were married couples living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.2% were non-families, and 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.49. The median age was 31.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,075 and the median income for a family was $44,397. Males had a median income of $31,700 versus $30,594 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,053. About 21.4% of families and 25.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.0% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Cut Bank (county seat)
Town
Browning
Census-designated places
Babb
Big Sky Colony
Blackfoot
East Glacier Park Village
Glacier Colony
Glendale Colony
Hidden Lake Colony
Horizon Colony
Little Browning
North Browning
Santa Rita
Seville Colony
South Browning
St. Mary
Starr School
Zenith Colony
Unincorporated communities
Bison
False Summit
Fort Piegan
Gunsight
Kiowa
Meriwether
Piegan
Rising Sun
Star
Summit
Sundance
Swift Current
See also
List of lakes in Glacier County, Montana
List of mountains in Glacier County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Glacier County, Montana
References
1919 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1919
Vorderhufen was a quarter of northern Königsberg, Germany. Its territory is now part of the Tsentralny District of Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
Vorderhufen ("near Hufen") was originally a village in the eastern part of the Hufen region extending north and west of the 17th century Baroque city walls. At the beginning of the 18th century Vorderhufen was only lightly settled because of its position on the road to Cranz. The upper class estates of Vorderhufen disappeared during the 19th century, with most of them purchased by the military treasury in the 1840s to allow construction of new fortifications for Königsberg.
Vorderhufen was incorporated into the city of Königsberg on 1 April 1905. Neighboring quarters were Mittelhufen to the west, Steindamm to the south, Tragheim to the southeast, Tragheimsdorf to the east, Tragheimer Palve to the northeast, and Hardershof to the north.
Located in Vorderhufen were the northern train station (the Nordbahnhof), a goods station, and the offices of the Samlandbahn railway. Institutions in the quarter included the Chamber of Agriculture (Landwirtschaftskammer), and the Neues Schützenhaus of the Schützenverein. The Ostpreußische Mädchengewerbeschule was located in a section of Vorderhufen called the Musikerviertel (musicians' quarter), as several roads were named after composers (e.g., Bach, Beethoven, Mozart). The trade fair Ostmesse was located between Vorderhufen and Tragheim.
Notes
References
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Osvaldo Andrade Lara (born 2 June 1953 in Santiago) is a Chilean Socialist politician. After studying law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, Andrade joined the Socialist Party in 1968. He served as director of the Young Socialists. Following the Chilean coup of 1973, he was detained at the Estadio Nacional and at Villa Grimaldi. He was Minister of Labor and Social Security in the government of Chilean President Michelle Bachelet from 2006 to 2008. On 22 March 2016 he became President of the Chamber of Deputies. He succeeded Marco Antonio Núñez. He was succeeded as president on 22 March 2017 by .
Andrade was a 6-foot tall (1.83m) guard for the Chilean national basketball team in the 1970s.
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
People from Santiago
People from Puente Alto
Chilean people of Galician descent
Socialist Party of Chile politicians
Government ministers of Chile
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Presidents of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Pontifical Catholic University of Chile alumni
University of Salamanca alumni
Muuga Bay (, or ) is bay in Harju County, Estonia. Muuga Bay is part of Ihasalu Bay. Area of Muuga Bay is 3366 ha.
Several islets are located on the bay, e.g. Lahesaar.
Muuga Harbour is located at the bay.
References
Bays of Estonia
Harju County
Non-state describes a stakeholder or force in a debate or conflict in which sovereign states and international organizations are the major and minor parties, respectively. Non-state can refer to anything that is not affiliated with, supported by, or connected directly to a sovereign state or one of its governmental organizations, including in international commerce. Non-state may also refer to groups that are unincorporated within a particular state, or are unknown to the state or nation they are within.
Non-state actor (NSA) – in international relations (including human rights), any influential stakeholder or force which is not a recognized state; this may include non-profit and non-governmental organizations, corporations, political parties, loosely organized social movements, or powerful individuals
Benign non-state actor (BNSA) – organizations engaged in benign or benevolent international affairs, most often involving human rights, civil right, and environmental rights; may, depending on context, also include individual representatives of non-governmental organizations (e.g. goodwill ambassadors and humanitarian aid workers), or unaffiliated individuals (e.g. philanthropists)
Violent non-state actor (VNSA), also known as armed non-state actors (ANSA) – organizations that do not belong to or ally themselves with a state, and who employ violence in pursuit of their goals; depending on context, may also include individual members of such groups
Non-state nation, or stateless nation – an ethnic group or nation that does not possess its own state and is not the majority population in any nation state. The term "stateless" implies that the group "should have" such a state; some indigenous tribes and the Amish are examples of stateless nations.
Non-state school, a.k.a. independent, non-governmental, or nonstate school – an educational institution not administered by local, state, or national governments; synonymous with private school in some countries, but not in the UK and several others
Non-state sector, or private sector – organizations (and by extension, the sector of the economy) not operated by the state but by private parties, for profit or non-profit activities
Non-state transfers – transactions of weapons or other regulatorily-controlled goods (material or non-material) where neither party involved is a state
Non-state market-driven regulation or NSMD regulation – effects by non-state actors (typically corporations under pressure from non-profit organizations) to regulate – without state legal involvement – the negative environmental and/or social impact of the production of consumer goods
See also
Non-governmental organization
2022 Indian communal violence may refer to:
April 2022 Indian communal violence
riots following the 2022 BJP Muhammad remarks controversy
Sherman County (standard abbreviation: SH) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 5,927. Its county seat is Goodland. Sherman County was created by the Legislature of 1873, and named after General William Tecumseh Sherman.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1886, Sherman County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.02%) is water.
Sherman County is one of only four Kansas counties to observe Mountain Time. Since Sherman County is part of the Wichita media market and the local broadcast stations are repeat signals of Wichita affiliates, prime-time programming in the county is aired from 6 to 9 p.m. local time, rather than 7 to 10 p.m. as is normal in the Central and Mountain time zones. However, cable providers carry the ABC and NBC affiliates from both Wichita and Denver, affording viewers the opportunity to view programs on those networks at the normal prime-time hours.
Adjacent counties
Cheyenne County (north/Central Time border)
Rawlins County (northeast/Central Time border)
Thomas County (east/Central Time border)
Logan County (southeast/Central Time border)
Wallace County (south)
Kit Carson County, Colorado (west)
Major highways
Interstate 70
US-24
K-27
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,760 people, 2,758 households, and 1,781 families residing in the county. The population density was 6 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 3,184 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.83% White, 0.36% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.19% Asian, 0.16% Pacific Islander, 4.14% from other races, and 0.99% from two or more races. 8.45% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,758 households, out of which 29.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.80% were married couples living together, 6.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.40% were non-families. 29.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.60% under the age of 18, 11.80% from 18 to 24, 23.90% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 17.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 104.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,684, and the median income for a family was $38,824. Males had a median income of $28,012 versus $20,927 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,761. About 9.70% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.90% of those under age 18 and 7.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Sherman county is often carried by Republican Candidates, as like the majority of rural counties. However, Lyndon B. Johnson narrowly carried the county in 1964.
Presidential elections
Laws
Sherman County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
Northwest Kansas Technical College
Unified school districts
Brewster USD 314
Goodland USD 352
Communities
Cities
Goodland
Kanorado
Unincorporated communities
Edson
Ruleton
Townships
Sherman County is divided into thirteen townships. The city of Goodland is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. Geographically, Goodland is located at the juncture of Voltaire, Itasca, and Logan Townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Sherman County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 61 pages; 1907.
External links
County
Sherman County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Sherman County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1886 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1886
Two ships of the French Navy have borne the name Montebello
, an Océan-class ship of the line
, a Téméraire-class ship of the line
French Navy ship names
Gaozong () is the temple name of several Chinese monarchs. It can refer to:
Emperor Yuan of Han (reign: 49 BC–33 BC)
Emperor Gaozong of Tang (reign: 649–683)
Emperor Gaozong of Song (reign: 1127–1162)
Qianlong Emperor of the Qing dynasty (reign: 1735-1799)
See also
Gojong (disambiguation) (Korean romanization)
Temple name disambiguation pages
Oskar Schöen's Palace called also New Schöen's Palace – one of the two residences of the Schöen family, located on the merger of the districts and, at the time of its creation, the settlement: Ostra-Gorka and Sielec, on the left bank of the Black River. Actually The Palace is located in the center of Sosnowiec
Architecture
As the only one amongst the pinewoods, it is situated in the city center (1 Maja Street 19). Over the eclectic building of the palace, a distinctive neo-gothic tower in the style of English Gothic. Also, most of the body of the building is neo-Gothic style, but also are visible features in neo-Romanesque, Neo-Baroque and Art Nouveau style. The palace in its north-eastern part had a glass conservatory. During the renovation and adaptation of the palace for the needs of the judiciary, the orangery was covered with a roof and converted into office space.
The interior of the palace is characterized by a wealth of decorative elements, typical of the epoch. The central part of the interior of the palace is a hall and a spectacular staircase leading up to the 1st floor. The magnificent 2-storey ballroom with stylish interiors is based on patterns from the mid 18th century. The romance of the interiors of the residences of the Schons were to add hidden winding stairs and secret passages in the walls.
Initially, from the south and east, it was surrounded by a vast park and rocks. After the reconstruction of the center, after World War II, the park remained in remnant form and today it is a forest area, adjacent to the banks of the river.
Written along with the surrounding garden to the provincial register of monuments under the reg. No. 1370/88 of 10 February 1988.
History
Erected in 1900 – 1903 in eclectic style, commissioned by Oskar Schöna. The building was built on a plot, bought in 1885 by the Schön family, from Count Mortimer-Tschischky, on the bank of Black Przemsza River. The original owner was killed during the revolution in 1905. The palace was inhabited by Franz and Emma Schön.
During the First Silesian Uprising, in 1919 the building of the palace was the headquarters of the uprising with headquarters of the defense of the plebiscite, preparing the III Silesian uprising in 1921.
Spinning fires in 1907 and World War I contributed to the deterioration of the financial situation of the family, thus the palace was leased for court. In 1923 the building was adapted for the court, during the German occupation, it housed Deutsches Haus. Since 1945, it has re-established the seat of the court.
References
Buildings and structures in Sosnowiec
Palaces in Poland
Zar may refer to:
Places
Zar, Armenia
Zar, Azerbaijan
Žár, Czech Republic
Zar, Iran, in Markazi Province
Zeraq, or Zar, Hamadan Province, Iran
Żar, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland
Żar (mountain), in Poland
Žar Mountain, a mountain range in Kosovo
South African Republic (Dutch: )
People
Surname
Chet Zar (born 1967), American artist; son of James Zar
Heather Zar (born ?), South African pediatrician, respiratory specialist, writer, and professor
Ibn Abi Zar (died between 1310 and 1320), Moroccan historian and poet; presumed author of the medieval history of Morocco, Rawd al-Qirtas
James Zar (1941–2015), American artist; father of Chet Zar
Jerrold Zar (born 1941), American biologist and professor
Lwi Zar (born 1976), Burmese politician
Mordechai Zar (1914–1982), Israeli politician
Moshe Zar (born 1938), Israeli settlement leader and religious Zionist
Paul Zar (born 1967), American bobsledder and Olympic competitor
Pe Thein Zar (1943–2018), Burmese-born Australian student leader, lawyer, revolutionary and freedom fighter, and writer
Rose Zar (1922–2001), a Polish Holocaust survivor, human rights activist, and author
Sarah Zar (born ?), American visual and performance artist, musician, songwriter, and writer
Given name
Zar Wali Khan (born 1953), Pakistani Islamic scholar
Zar Gul Khan (fl. 2017), Pakistani politician
Zar Lawrence (born 1982), New Zealand rugby player
Zar Randeri (pen name of Bharucha Hasim bin Yusuf; 1887–?), Indian Gujarati poet and translator
Zar Zar Myint (born 1993), Burmese footballer
Zar Zari Zar Baksh ( AD 1400), Indian Sufi saint
Zarsanga (or Zar Sanga, born 1946), Pakistani Pashto folk singer
Other uses
Zār, or Zaar, a demon or spirit in the Horn of Africa and adjacent regions of the Middle East
Zar, a band featuring John Lawton
Zar, a fictional land in "The White Ship" by H. P. Lovecraft
Zar Points, a statistical method for evaluating hands in contract bridge
Rincón Zapotec, a language of Mexico, ISO 639-3 code zar
South African rand, the currency of South Africa, ISO 4217 code ZAR
See also
Zaar (disambiguation)
Żar (disambiguation)
Tsar (disambiguation)
Zar und Zimmermann, a comic opera
Café au lait is coffee with hot milk added.
Café au lait may also refer to:
Films
Métisse, a French film that is also titled Café au lait.
You, Me and Him, a Brazilian short film that is also titled Café com Leite.
Other
Café au Lait (color)
Café au lait spot, a type of birthmark
Café com leite politics, Brazilian politics under the Old Republic
The 2004 ICC Americas Championship was a cricket tournament in Bermuda, taking place between 6 and 16 July 2004. It gave six North and South American Associate and Affiliate members of the International Cricket Council experience of international one-day cricket.
Teams
There were 6 teams that played in the tournament. These teams were non-test member nations of the Americas Cricket Association. The teams that played were:
Squads
Group stage
Points Table
Group stage
Statistics
International cricket competitions in 2004
ICC Americas Championship
2004 in Caribbean sport
International cricket competitions in Bermuda
The World Health Professions Alliance is an international organization which represents than 31 million health care professionals worldwide. The Alliance unites dentistry, medicine, nursing, physical therapy and pharmacy through their representative international organizations, the International Council of Nurses (ICN), the International Pharmaceutical Federation (FIP), the World Confederation for Physical Therapy, the FDI World Dental Federation and the World Medical Association (WMA).
The WHPA was formed between ICN, FDI and WMA in 1999 as an alliance to address global health issues, with the secretariat being run from the ICN. FDI World Dental Federation was added to the Alliance in 2005 and the World Confederation for Physical Therapy joined in 2014. The aim of the organization is to facilitate collaboration between key health professionals and major international stakeholders such as governments, policymakers and the World Health Organization. The Alliance operates under the philosophy that by working in collaboration, instead of along parallel tracks, the patient and health care system benefit.
Since the creation of the alliance the WHPA has taken active and leading roles in fostering patient safety, advocating a positive practice environment in the health care setting, human resource issues, regulation of the health professions, human rights in medicine, producing a core competency framework for international health consultants and discussing the future of healthcare. Other activities have involved combating counterfeit medicines, condemning the stigma associated with mental illness, multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis and tobacco.
It regularly holds a Regulation Conference and Leadership Forum.
The WHPA Secretariat is hosted at the FDI World Dental Federation in Geneva, Switzerland.
References
External links
Medical and health organizations based in France
International medical and health organizations
International organizations based in France
The III. Path or The Third Path (, ) is a far-right and neo-Nazi political party in Germany.
It was founded on 28 September 2013 by former NPD officials, and activists from the banned Free Network South. They have ties with Assad's government in Syria, Hezbollah in Lebanon, the National Corps, Misanthropic Division, Right Sector and Svoboda in Ukraine, the Nordic Resistance Movement in the Nordic countries. Their founder and chairman is Klaus Armstroff. The party mostly operates in Thuringia, Bavaria and Brandenburg.
A group of people bearing Der Dritte Weg flags marched in through a town in Saxony on 1 May 2019, the day before the Jewish remembrance of the Holocaust, carrying a banner saying "Social justice instead of criminal foreigners". The Central Council of Jews said that the state government should ban such marches if it were serious about tackling right-wing extremism. The party stood in the 2019 European elections.
Election results
Federal Parliament (Bundestag)
European Parliament
See also
Far-right politics in Germany
Neo-Nazism
Neo-Nazism in Germany
Völkisch movement
References
2013 establishments in Germany
Antisemitism in Germany
Far-right political parties
Far-right parties in Europe
Fascist parties in Germany
German nationalism
German nationalist political parties
Neo-Nazi political parties
Neo-Nazism in Germany
Political parties in Germany
Third Position
White nationalism in Europe
Hoseynabad-e Rumani (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Rūmanī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Shan State Army – North (; abbreviated SSA-N), also known as Shan State Army/Special Region 3 (SSA/SR-3) is a Shan nationalist insurgent group in Myanmar (Burma). It is the armed wing of the Shan State Progress Party (SSPP).
History
The Shan State Army was founded on 24 April 1964 and the Shan State Progress Party was founded in 1971 as the political wing of the SSA. In 1989, the SSPP signed a ceasefire in 1989 after negotiations with the State Peace and Development Council and was able to obtain a degree of autonomy for the areas under its control, establishing the Special Region 3 of the Shan State. This area included Nam Kham, Langkho, Hsipaw, Kyauk Mae, Mong Hsu, Tang Yang, Mongyai, Kehsi and Lashio Township. The size of the armed group at that time was of about 4.000 fighters. Even after having signed a ceasefire, the Burmese military continued to attack the Shan State Army – North areas.
Although the SSA-N is more conciliatory towards the government than other armed Shan separatist groups, in 2005 it abandoned its base rather than disarm. At one point the Burmese government wished the Shan State Army – North to join its border guard force. Two of the three brigades reportedly agreed to join the border guard, while the other refused.
Renewed hostilities
In 2014 the group has clashed with the Burmese army in Kehsi Mansam Township, home to the SSA-N Wanhai headquarters.
Beginning on 6 October 2015 a large scale offensive by the Tatmadaw comprising 20 Burma Army battalions has been launched in central Shan State. The aim of the military is to seize Shan ceasefire territories in Kehsi, Mong Nawng, Mong Hsu and Tangyan townships, using heavy artillery and with fighter jet and helicopter gunship air support to indiscriminately shell and bomb civilian areas. These attacks have displaced thousands of Shan, Palaung, Lisu and Lahu people causing a new humanitarian crisis.
Organisation
The SSA-N originally had three brigades: the 1st, 3rd, and 7th brigades, but two brigades: the 3rd and 7th surrendered in 2009.
See also
Internal conflict in Burma
Shan people
References
External links
2011.05.21 Shan State Army North & South join forces against Burma Army
SSA – North loses Mongsu camp to Burma Army
Shanland
Shan militia groups
Paramilitary organisations based in Myanmar
Politics of Myanmar
1971 establishments in Burma
Bear Pond is a lake in Hancock County, Maine, United States. It is located less than west of the Washington County border, approximately southeast of the summit of Lead Mountain, and northwest of Maine State Route 9 near the town of Beddington. The inflow to Bear Pond comes primarily from Bear Brook, which drains the southeastern slopes of Lead Mountain, which comprises primarily the Bear Brook Watershed in Maine (BBWM), an experimental forest. There are two USGS stream gauges on the East and West Branches of Bear Brook. An unpaved road provides access to the BBWM from state route 9 and passes about from the eastern end of the pond. Bear Pond is surrounded by forest and is drained at its western end by the Little Narraguagus River.
References
Lakes of Hancock County, Maine
Glacial lakes of the United States
Lakes of Maine
Peter von Sivers (, Pyotr Ivanovich Sivers; 1674 – 1740), more commonly known falsely as Peter von Sievers, was a German Admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy.
Career
Sievers belonged to the Sivers family (de), originated from Fehmarm. His family moved to Copenhagen, where his father entered the Danish Navy as a captain, shortly after his birth. in 1688 Sivers joined the Danish Navy too and by 1703 he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant. The following year he joined the Russian Navy with the rank of captain in order to assist in the building and modernization of the Russian fleet spearheaded by Emperor Peter the Great. He was made part of the Estonian nobility in 1716, becoming the founder of the House of Sivers.
Von Sievers became the vice-president of the Russian Admiralty Board in 1727 and its president, with the rank of admiral, between 1728 and 1732. In 1732 Sievers fell from grace as a result of a plot led by hostile parties. He was unfairly removed from office and exiled to his Ekekäll country estate near Khiytola (), in the former Vyborg Governorate of Karelia —present-day Priozersky District, that had been granted to him for his services. After almost eight years in exile, he was allowed to come to St. Petersburg for treatment on 9 January 1740 where he died in December the same year.
Ships under his command
All these ships belonged to the Baltic Fleet:
14-gun snow "Falk" (1705-1706)
24-gun frigate "Kronshlot" (1707-1709)
50-gun battleship Victoria (1713)
70-gun battleship Leferm (1714-1715)
60-gun battleship St. Catherine (1716)
64-gun battleship Moscow (1717-1718)
See also
Admiralty Board (Russian Empire)
Imperial Russian Navy
List of Russian admirals
References
Sources
Transehe-Roseneck, Astaf von. Genealogical Handbook of the Livonian Knighthood , Vol. 1. Görlitz (1929)
External links
Biography (ru)
1674 births
1740 deaths
Imperial Russian Navy admirals
Pharmaceutical publication planning is the activity of planning the dissemination of scientific and clinical data on a drug to healthcare professionals at scientific congresses and medical society meetings and in peer reviewed medical journals.
Procedure
Pharmaceutical publication planning involves developing a detailed plan that outlines the timely presentation of verified scientific and clinical data to appropriate types of healthcare professionals such as physicians, pharmacists, nurses, as a drug undergoes clinical trials and after it is marketed. Because of scientific and therapeutic advances, pharmaceutical publication planning has become a well-established and important function by pharmaceutical companies in order to educate healthcare professionals accordingly about new drugs and marketed drugs with new clinical uses or safety information.
Within pharmaceutical companies, publication planning is usually overseen by medical or clinical affairs professionals. In this effort, pharmaceutical companies frequently use the assistance of medical communication agencies with publication planning expertise and professional medical writers.
Medical communication agencies
Medical communication agencies include a broad range of organizations, including those that focus largely or exclusively on publication planning. When developing and executing a publication plan on behalf of a pharmaceutical or biotechnology client, medical communication agencies employ professional publication strategists, scientific medical directors, medical writers and project managers. Working as a team, this group of individuals delves deep into their client's scientific discoveries, and propose the most effective and efficient ways to spread the word about new potential therapies to physicians and other healthcare providers.
There has been some discussion in the media regarding disclosure as it pertains to the use of professional medical writers in this endeavor. Some agencies and professional organizations focused on publication planning have been and continue to develop and refine ethical guidelines and standards for disclosure and transparency.
Professional publication planning associations
Professional organizations for individuals involved in pharmaceutical publication planning include the International Society of Medical Publication Professionals (ISMPP) and The International Publication Planning Association (TIPPA). The purpose of these organizations is to create a forum where individuals involved with pharmaceutical publication planning and biomedical publications can meet and share knowledge and experience. They serve to promote career opportunities and professional development of individuals involved with pharmaceutical publication planning, as well as to promote standards of excellence in ethical professional medical writing and the biomedical publication process in disseminating scientific and clinical data on pharmaceutical products.
In 2009, ISMPP began a certification program for publication planning professionals.
References
External links
The Rationale and Value of Medical Publications
Ghost Management: How Much of the Medical Literature Is Shaped Behind the Scenes by the Pharmaceutical Industry? from PLoS Medicine
Good publication practice for communicating company sponsored medical research: the GPP2 guidelines
International Committee of Medical Journal Editors
World Association of Medical Editors
American Medical Writers Association
European Medical Writers Association
Committee on Publication Ethics
Health informatics
Incarnate Word Cardinals softball
The Incarnate Word Cardinals softball team represents the University of the Incarnate Word, located in San Antonio, TX. The Cardinals are a member of the Southland Conference and participate in NCAA Division I college softball. The team is currently led by head coach Kimberly Dean and plays home games at H-E-B Field.
During the 2013–14 season the Cardinals started the four-year transitional period from NCAA Division 2 to Division 1.
History
The first season for the Incarnate Word Cardinals softball team was 1987. The team first competed in NAIA, NCAA Division II, and is currently in the NCAA Division I since 2014. The Cardinals have been members of four conferences over the life of the program, the Heart of Texas (HOTC) Conference as NAIA and NCAA Division II, the Heartland Conference, the Lone Star Conference at NCAA Division II, and the Southland Conference as an NCAA Division I team. As of the conclusion of the abbreviated 2020 season, the team has an all-time record of 718–898–3 (.472). They participated in NCAA Division II postseason play three times, NAIA postseason play two times. The Cardinals won the Heartland Conference championship in 2006 and the Lone Star Conference tournament championship in 2012. Additionally, they won the Lone Star Conference regular season South Division championship in 2011.
Stadium
H-E-B Field
H-E-B Field is the home stadium for the Division I (NCAA) Incarnate Word Cardinals softball team. The stadium is located on the campus of the University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio, Texas. Amenities include bleacher seating for 250 fans; field lighting; an electronic scoreboard; enclosed dugouts; concessions; and restrooms. AstroTurf RootZone Diamond OPS Series field turf, new backstops, netting, and other visual improvements were installed in 2018 as Phase I of improvements to both the baseball stadium and softball stadium. The softball stadium was renamed H-E-B Field from Cardinals Field at the same time. The combined cost of the Phase I renovations was $1.2 million.
Over the years, the stadium has been host of numerous tournaments including the annual UIW Alamo Invitational.
References
External links
Incarnate Word Cardinals Softball Official Website
Incarnate Word Cardinals softball
College softball venues in the United States
Softball venues in Texas
Sports venues in San Antonio
Gundlachia can refer to:
Gundlachia (gastropod)'', a genus of freshwater snails in the family Planorbidae
Gundlachia (plant), a genus of plants in the family Asteraceae
TKR College of Engineering and Technology (TKRCET) is an autonomous college located in Meerpet, near LB Nagar, Hyderabad, Telangana, India. The college is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU) in Hyderabad. It received its autonomous status in 2017.
Location
TKR College of Engineering and Technology is located amidst the semi-urban locality of Meerpet in southern Hyderabad, covering more than 20 acres of land.
90N/R, 100, 104D, 104J, 104R and 104S are a few RTC buses which pass by near the main gate of the campus. It is one of the closest engineering colleges from central Hyderabad. About two-thirds of the students travel by RTC buses while the remaining use their own vehicles or the college bus services.
Courses offered
The institute offers engineering degree programs with the approval of the government of India and with affiliation to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad. All B.Tech programs are NBA accredited.
Programs offered are:
Undergraduate courses
Computer Science and Engineering
Electronics and Communication Engineering
Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Civil Engineering
Information Technology
Humanities and Sciences
Computer Science and Engineering( in AI &ML)
Computer Science and Engineering (in DS)
Infrastructure
The campus of TKR College of Engineering and Technology is shared by Teegala Krishna Reddy Engineering College (TKREC), Teegala Krishna Reddy College of Pharmacy (TKRCOP) and TKR Institute of Management & Studies (TKRIMS).
A cricket ground hosts district-level tournaments as well as music releases and promotional events but is usually restricted from use by students. Other on-campus sports facilities include basketball, volleyball, table tennis and carroms.
Admissions
The college admits undergraduates and postgraduates. Undergraduate students are admitted through the statewide EAMCET examination for intermediate students and diploma students through TS ECET. Postgraduate students through GATE and ICET, which are conducted every year. Apart from EAMCET, TSECET, GATE, and ICET exams, students are also admitted through B-Category (selection based on JEE (Mains), EAMCET ranks and NRI quota.
Placements
The Training and Placement cell was established with a prime objective of creating career opportunities for promising TKR students in reputed corporations towards meeting aspirations of all the stakeholders. To accomplish this career objective placement cell has identified corporations in various sectors and initiated the process of building a mutually rewarding relationship with them.
Gallery
Ankit Tiwari, one of the well-known singers in India had performed in the college's cultural event "Shiznay 2K17".
Arijit Singh, one of the well-known singers in India had performed in the college's cultural event "Shiznay 2K16".
References
External links
TKR College of Engineering and Technology
Engineering colleges in Hyderabad, India
2002 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2002
Wilfred Cornett Lockhart (October 17, 1906 – October 16, 1991) was a Canadian United Church of Canada minister, chaplain and academic administrator. He was the first President of the University of Winnipeg from 1967 to 1971 and was Moderator of the United Church of Canada from 1966 to 1968.
Life
Lockhart was born in Dundalk, Ontario on October 17, 1906 to Tom and Harriet Lockhart. In 1926, he moved to Toronto and attended Victoria College, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1929. He remained at the University of Toronto to earn his M.A. in 1932. Lockhart married Margaret Armstrong on September 20, 1933 and the couple then moved to Edinburgh, Scotland where Lockhart attended the University of Edinburgh, and completed his Ph.D. in 1936. During his time in Edinburgh, Lockhart served as the student minister of North Leith Parish Church.
Upon returning to Canada, Lockhart became the secretary of the Student Christian Movement of Canada and chaplain to the University of Toronto Canadian Officer Training Corps, a position he held until 1946. Beginning in the 1940s, he served two United Churches: Sherbourne Street United from 1940–1942 and Kingsway-Lambton United from 1942 until 1955.
Lockhart was principal of United College in Winnipeg, Manitoba from 1955 to 1967, when it received its charter and became the University of Winnipeg, and was subsequently the president of the University of Winnipeg until his retirement in 1971. Under his tenure, the college's downtown campus substantially expanded with the construction of several new buildings.
In 1958, Lockhart instigated the Crowe Case, which served as a catalyst for the development of national policy protecting the rights of academic freedom and the status of tenure in Canadian higher education. Lockhart obtained a letter critical of the religious and academic environment at United College, written by United College history professor Harry S. Crowe to his colleague William Packer. Lockhart kept the letter and disseminated copies of it; Crowe was subsequently fired on the grounds of his incompatibility with the avowed purposes of the College. Hostile negotiations between Crowe and Lockhart gained national attention, and the newly formed Canadian Association of University Teachers eventually ruled that Crowe's dismissal was "an unjust and unwarranted invasion of the security of academic tenure to which he was entitled." Lockhart offered to resign over the issue, but his resignation was not accepted.
Lockhart served as the chairman of the Board of Colleges and Schools of the United Church of Canada from 1946–1955 and was elected Moderator of the United Church of Canada at their 7th General Council in Waterloo, Ontario in 1966 and served in this position until 1968.
He is the author of In Such an Age: Younger Voices in the Canadian Church (1951). He was inducted into the Manitoba Order of the Buffalo Hunt in 1971.
Upon retiring from active ministry and his position at the University of Winnipeg, Lockhart moved to Etobicoke, Ontario. His first wife died in 1986 and Lockhart remarried in 1988, to Anne Chorney. Lockhart died in Etobicoke on October 16, 1991 at the age of 84.
References
1906 births
1991 deaths
Presidents of the University of Winnipeg
Moderators of the United Church of Canada
People from Grey County
Writers from Ontario
Canadian non-fiction writers
Ministers of the United Church of Canada
Bertha Zillessen (1872-1936) was a German painter and photographer. She was the first professional photographer in Bautzen.
Biography
Zillessen was born on 17 October 1872 in Rheydt, Mönchengladbach, Germany. As a young woman she moved to Witten and there she began learning about photography. She continued her training in Berlin and Düsseldorf where she studied with Erwin Quedenfeldt. Around 1908 she moved to Bautzen with her partner, Margarethe Karow, and the pair start a photography studio They began the commercial enterprise with portrait photography. Zillessen eventually turned to landscape photography and she became a successful postcard photographer. Her copper gravure images were published by Deutschen Heimatbilder and Saxon Heimatschutzverein. Zillessen is considered to be the first professional photographer in Bautzen.
Zillessen died on 13 January 1936 in Bautzen. In 2019 the Museum Bautzen held a retrospective of her work.
References
External links
1872 births
1936 deaths
People from Mönchengladbach
20th-century German women artists
20th-century women photographers
Pół Orła is a Polish coat of arms. It was used by several noble families in the times of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
History
Blazon
Notable bearers
Notable bearers of this coat of arms include:
Jan Paczko
Sources
Tadeusz Gajl: Herbarz polski od średniowiecza do XX wieku : ponad 4500 herbów szlacheckich 37 tysięcy nazwisk 55 tysięcy rodów. L&L, 2007, s. 279. .
Andrzej Brzezina Winiarski: Herby Rzeczypospolitej. Przemyśl: 2008.
See also
Polish heraldry
Heraldry
Coat of arms
Poronia
Fawaz bin Mohammed Al Khalifa (born 1965) is a Bahraini member of the House of Khalifa and since 2015 has been Bahrain's Ambassador to the United Kingdom.
Career
For impression of early career, see Singh, in Islamic Monthly (2012), Ghostwriter for the Arab Leader.
From 2000 to 2010 Fawaz was President of Bahrain's General Organization for Youth and Sports.
From July 2010 to 2012 during the Arab Spring he was President of the Information Affairs Authority which was formed in July 2010 as a split from the portfolio of the Ministry of Culture and Information by a decree from King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. IAA is the Bahrain's media regulator, operator of Bahrain Radio and Television Corporation, the Bahrain News Agency and the press pass issuing authority.
Fawaz used his power to restrict freedom of the press, while the Bahraini government systematically cracked down on political freedom and civil liberties. In April 2011 the IAA suspended Al-Wasat (Bahraini newspaper), Bahrain's only independent newspaper, and the authority was involved in the detention of an Iraqi journalist who was beaten and deported.
From 2012 to 2014, Fawaz was Minister of State for Communication. On he was appointed ambassador in London, where he presented his credentials in Buckingham Palace in December 2015, on in The Hague, on in Dublin, and on in Stockholm.
References
1960 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Bahrain to the United Kingdom
Fawaz bin Mohammed
Cynthia Stokes Brown (March 20, 1938 – October 15, 2017) was an American educator-historian.
Background
She earned her BA at Duke University in history (summa cum laude) and her M.A.T. and Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in the history of education with fellowships from the American Association of University Women and the Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation. After teaching tenth-grade world history for two years and living in northeast Brazil for two years with the Peace Corps, Brown directed the single-subject credential program at Dominican University of California at San Rafael from 1982 to 1992. She taught full-time in both the history and education departments until 2001, when she retired from full-time teaching to write Big History: From the Big Bang to the Present. Using the term big history, coined by David Christian at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia, Brown told the whole story from the Big Bang to the present in simple, non-academic language to convey our common humanity and our connection to every other part of the natural world. Teaching part-time after 2001, Brown pioneered the teaching of big history at Dominican University of California, where it is now a required course for every incoming freshman. She served as a founding board member of the International Big History Association (IBHA). Brown died of pancreatic cancer on October 5, 2017, at her home Berkeley, California, surrounded by friends and family.
Brown was an American Book Award recipient in 1987 for Ready From Within: Septima Clark and the Civil Rights Movement.
Writings
Big History, Small World: From the Big Bang to You. Great Barrington, MA: Berkshire Publishing Group, 2017.
Refusing Racism: White Allies and the Struggle for Civil Rights. New York: Teachers College Press, 2001.
Connecting With the Past: History Workshop in Middle and High Schools. Portsmouth, NH: Heinemann, 1994.
Like It Was: A Complete Guide to Writing Oral History. New York: Teachers and Writers Collaborative, 1988.
Ready From Within: Septima Clark and the Civil Rights Movement. Navarro, CA: Wild Trees Press, 1986. (American Book Award, 1987); re-issued by Africa World Press, 1990.
Literacy in 30 Hours: Paulo Freire's Process in Northeast Brazil. London: Writers and Readers Publishing Cooperative, 1975.
Article: "What Is a Civilization, Anyway?"
Journey of the Universe
References
Big History: From the Big Bang to the Present. New York: New Press, 2007.
Cynthia Stokes Brown." Contemporary Authors Online. Detroit: Gale, 2008. Gale Biography In Context. Web. June 6, 2011.
Dominican University Personal page
American educators
21st-century American historians
Duke University Trinity College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
1938 births
Peace Corps volunteers
2017 deaths
Big History
American women historians
American expatriates in Brazil
American Book Award winners
21st-century American women writers
Forsån (Swedish: "Rapids' Stream") is a stream in southern Stockholm, Sweden. It is also known as Stortorpsån and Forsen.
Leaving lake Magelungen calmly by a small sandy beach, Forsån's upper reach passes through a furrow blown in the 1860s to lower the level of the lake resulting in the present wide torrents passing through the bedrock. In contrast, the last 500 metres of the course are characterized by flat shores and stagnant, overgrown waters. The stream has a vigorous population of signal crayfish and is the only winter habitat in Stockholm for white-throated dipper.
Catchment area
Approximately half of the catchment area is occupied by contaminated ground and polluting operations in the Larsboda industrial area; with the remaining area composed of parks and green spaces. One of the minor allotment-garden's is located in an area which is crossed by two major traffic routes and a railway.
Environmental influence
The inflow from Magelungen brings approximately 2 tons of phosphorus and 30 tons of nitrogen to Forsån, the contribution from the catchment area itself, 10 kg and 40 kg respectively, is insignificant in comparison. No estimates of the level of metals brought to the stream has been done, but low or moderate levels of common metals were reported in river sediments in 1997. Although very high levels of lead next to the road Magelungsvägen were reported.
Fauna
Samples of bottom fauna taken in 1998 documented the presence of nationally rare species of gastropods such as Hippeutis complanatus and bivalve swan mussel; and during the preceding decades two species of limnetic gastropods were documented. Larvae of white-legged damselfly and blue-tailed damselfly were recorded in summer 2000. Signal crayfish and trout have been introduced in the stream, of which the former succeeded in establishing while roach is believed to be unfavourable to the latter. The white water rapids make a section of the stream ice-free during the winter time which attracts white-throated dippers and common kingfishers. In 1996, traces of beaver were reported.
See also
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Sweden
Notes
References
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Stockholm County
"Toyland" is an 8-page Disney comics story drawn and lettered by Carl Barks. Barks may have written the tale, but this is uncertain. "Toyland'" features Donald Duck, his nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie, and Santa Claus. It was first published by Dell as a Firestone Giveaway entitled Donald and Mickey Merry Christmas #1948 (December 1948). Also in the volume is an 8-page Mickey Mouse story entitled "A Day with Santa".
Plot
Santa Claus invites Donald and his nephews to the North Pole to test the Christmas toys. Donald has a rough time (he crashes through the roof on a pogo stick, for example, and is chased by a polar bear), but the nephews decide all the toys are wonderful and just what children want. Santa is pleased.
See also
List of Disney comics by Carl Barks
Notes
References
Disney comics stories
Donald Duck comics by Carl Barks
1948 in comics
Christmas comics
Winnebago Man is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Ben Steinbauer. The film follows the Internet phenomenon created by a series of twenty-year-old outtakes from a Winnebago sales video featuring profane outbursts from a salesperson named Jack Rebney. Originally intended as an inside joke, the video spread across the globe—first on VHS, and then via YouTube and other online video sites, earning the salesman the title of "The Angriest Man in the World". The documentary explores the story of the clips' origins and how, two decades later, it affects the reluctant star.
Steinbauer released a short film Extraordinarily Unusual: Surprising the Winnebago Man in 2017, documenting his return to visit Rebney on his 87th birthday, bringing some of Rebney's old friends to celebrate.
Synopsis
The documentary starts with Steinbauer's obsession with a widely circulated viral video featuring outtakes from an RV commercial shoot, centered on a cantankerous pitchman, Jack Rebney, who regularly becomes outraged and flustered, cursing in colorful mannerisms. Steinbauer researches the video and discovers that it had been circulating on VHS long before it appeared on the Internet. He tracks down the original crew of the video, who explain that the shoot was a particularly frustrating experience, and, as a result of the outtakes, Rebney got fired, and they never saw him again.
With the help of a private detective, Steinbauer ultimately tracks down the infamous "Winnebago Man": Steinbauer visits Rebney at his home in a remote mountain area in California. Steinbauer is surprised to find Rebney to be calm, congenial, and articulate — in stark contrast to the angry, profane man on the famous video. Rebney claims to be indifferent and amused about the video and its popularity on the Internet. Steinbauer returns home disappointed.
But soon, Rebney begins contacting Steinbauer, and admits that he had not been candid in their first encounter. He reveals that he has long been angry about the video and its notoriety because he does not want to be remembered that way. Steinbauer learns that Rebney was once a news broadcaster and editor who left the industry embittered by the decline in real news and the rise of opinion-based news and punditry; additionally, Rebney reveals that he now has strong political opinions that he wants to share. Rebney invites Steinbauer for a second visit, but before this takes place, local papers report that Rebney had gone missing for a time while taking a walk. When Steinbauer makes his second visit to Rebney's home, a now openly cantankerous Rebney explains that he is now blind.
Rebney gives a series of often profane, but articulate, interviews to Steinbauer. He refuses to discuss personal matters, but instead wants to make political speeches about subjects that make him angry, such as Dick Cheney and Walmart. Eventually, Steinbauer convinces Rebney to attend the Found Footage Festival in San Francisco. There, fans have lined up for a sold-out screening of the original video featuring Rebney. The fans describe Rebney's positive impact on them. During the screening, the Festival organizers invite Rebney onstage as a special guest, where he wittily engages the audience. After the screening, Rebney meets several fans who request autographs and express to him how viewing the old footage cheers them up after a hard day.
Later that night, Rebney muses to an old friend that his fans are more intelligent than he anticipated. The next day, the filmmakers and Rebney's friend drive him back home. There, Rebney's friend tells him, "You made a lot of people happy this weekend." Rebney replies by acknowledging that he takes some small degree of pride in how, for many people, he represents the human condition in the face of adversity.
Distribution
The film premiered at The South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Texas on March 14, 2009.
Kino International (Kino Lorber) acquired American theatrical and home video rights in March 2010, and released the film nationally in US theaters on July 9, 2010, and on DVD on November 2, 2010. The movie opened theatrically at the Landmark Sunshine Cinema in New York, before expanding nationally. KinoSmith acquired Canadian and American theatrical, television and home video rights in May 2010 and released the film nationally in Canadian theaters on September 10, 2010, and on DVD on November 9, 2010.
A sixty-minute version of Winnebago Man was aired in the UK on BBC Four on August 30, 2010 as part of the Storyville series of documentaries. On August 12, 2011, Winnebago Man premiered on the Internet for free viewing in the United States for two weeks at Hulu and SnagFilms.
Jack Rebney's voice from the Winnebago Man film was extensively sampled in the song "Slam the Door" and its remixes by Zedd.
Awards
Grand Jury Prize for Best Documentary, Sarasota Film Festival
Audience Award for Best Documentary, CineVegas Film Festival
Top Ten Audience Favorite, Hot Docs Film Festival
Founders Prize, Best Comedy Documentary, Traverse City Film Festival
Grand Jury Prize, Best Documentary at the Edmonton International Film Festival
Winnebago Man was also in the official selection for IDFA and Sheffield Doc/Fest.
The Austin Film Critics Association named Winnebago Man the Best Austin Film for 2010.
Critical reception
Winnebago Man was released to critical acclaim. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a "certified fresh" approval rating of 90% based on 62 reviews, with an average rating of 7.08/10.
See also
Bjorn Rebney
The Show with No Name
Internet meme
References
External links
Wired Magazine: 5 Secrets of YouTube's Success
Interview with Jack Rebney and Ben Steinbauer
Excerpt
2009 films
American documentary films
Documentary films about the Internet
Collage film
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
If not otherwise stated, the virological status of sample pools is evaluated through PCR tests.
Screening strategies
General population
Campus screening strategies
SUNY campuses are implementing a pool testing strategy based on saliva samples, including Cornell, SUNY Fredonia or SUNY Oneonta.
The University of Tennessee is also implementing a saliva pool testing strategy.
Researchers from Yale University, Georgia Augusta University,
the University of Illinois,
are also considering or implementing pool testing strategies.
Small-scale screening or experimental protocols
References
See also
Group testing
COVID-19 testing
Design of experiments
pool testing strategy
Vani Sateesh is a Carnatic vocalist.
Lineage
Vani Sateesh was born in Bangalore, Karnataka. She hails from a family of Carnatic musicians going back many generations. Her great grandfather Mundarigi Narasimhachar (1855–1940) belonged to Haridasa Parampara of Vijaya Dasaru, a prominent Haridasa of Karnataka. Her grandfather Mundarigi Raghavendrachar (1896–1944) was a musician well versed in many disciplines of music and was a professor of music at Queen Mary college in Chennai (contemporary of Prof P. Sambamurthy). Her father, Sangeetha Kala Ratna (awarded by Bangalore Gayana Samaja) Bellary. M. Venkateshachar is a carnatic classical vocalist and her uncle Bellary M Sheshagiri Achar was a Vaggeyakara (composer of lyrics and music). Her uncle and father were known as 'Bellary Brothers' and performed in most parts of India during the 1950s and 1960s. The recent lineage of five generations popularly known as 'Vishesha Parampara' spans over 130 years. Every generation has been actively involved in teaching, performing, composing and spreading fine arts knowledge in many remote parts of Karnataka. Thousands of students have come in contact with this family and many of them have put themselves into the service of the fine arts in their own way.
Music Training
Vani Sateesh's initial training was under the tutelage of her uncle Bellary M. Sheshagiri Achar. She later learnt from her father Bellary M. Venkateshachar and then from her brother Bellary M Raghavendra. She is currently under the tutelage of Padmabhushana Sri P.S.Narayanaswamy, direct disciple of Sangeetha Kalanidhi Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer.
Performer
Vani started performing at a young age. Her first concert was at the age of 10; since then she has gone on to give numerous concerts in reputed Sabhas both in India and abroad. As a performer, she concentrates on all aspects of performances including intonations, stage presence, building rapport with accompanying artists, and connecting with audiences. In her earlier days, she gave numerous tala vadya concerts. She has also performed many jugalbandi with known Hindustani classical musicians. Vani Sateesh is an "A" grade artist of All India Radio and a "B High" Graded Composer of All India Radio. She has completed her Master in Music from University of Mysore and also has received an Indian Government Scholarship for Young Artists.
Music style
Vani Sateesh's style of singing is rich with traditional Carnatic music with emphasis on bhakti rasa. Her performances have been reviewed by critics as 'Lively and Inspiring'; 'Filled with Bhava and Gambirya'; 'Ability to instantaneously transition from a Ghana raga to lighter rendition'; 'Music delivered effortlessly and flawlessly'; 'Sruti Shudha' etc.
References
Concert Review April 2009
Concert Review June 2009
External links
Official website
Women Carnatic singers
Carnatic singers
Singers from Bangalore
Living people
Indian women classical singers
20th-century Indian singers
20th-century Indian women singers
Women musicians from Karnataka
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Journal of Children's Orthopaedics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal, which was first published in March 2007. It is the official journal of the European Paediatric Orthopaedic Society (EPOS) and is published in partnership with The British Editorial Society of Bone & Joint Surgery. The Journal of Children's Orthopaedics is a gold open access journal and hence articles published in the journal are available online to anyone, free of charge. Full-text content can also be accessed via PubMed Central.
The Journal of Children's Orthopaedics is published alongside the British Editorial Society of Bone & Joint Surgery's Bone & Joint series of journals, which includes The Bone & Joint Journal, Bone & Joint Research and Bone & Joint 360, and also EFORT Open Reviews (which is published in partnership with the European Federation of National Associations of Orthopaedics and Traumatology).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is indexed in Scopus, the Emerging Sources Citation Index (via Web of Science) and also PubMed Central, which hosts full-text content of the complete archive.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, it has a 2019 impact factor of 1.075.
References
External links
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Orthopedics journals
Publications established in 2007
"Use Me" is a song, composed and originally recorded by Bill Withers, which was included on his 1972 album Still Bill. It was his second-biggest hit in the United States, released in September 1972 and later reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was kept from No. 1 by both "Ben" by Michael Jackson and "My Ding-a-Ling" by Chuck Berry. "Use Me" also peaked at No. 2 on the soul chart for two weeks. Withers performed the song on Soul Train on November 4, 1972. Billboard ranked it as the No. 78 song for 1972. The song was certified Gold by the RIAA. It is noted for its repeated bass figure which is heard alongside a complex rhythm in the percussion.
Music critic Robert Christgau called "Use Me" "one of the few knowledgeable songs about sex our supposedly sexy music has ever produced", featuring a "cross-class attraction" in its narrative.
Grace Jones covered the song - with a reggae-influenced arrangement - on her 1981 album Nightclubbing and subsequently released the track as a single.
Personnel
Bill Withers – vocals, guitar
Ray Jackson – clavinet, Wurlitzer electric piano
Benorce Blackmon – guitar
Melvin Dunlap – bass guitar
James Gadson – drums, percussion
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Other recordings
A variety of artists have covered the song, including:
References
1972 singles
Bill Withers songs
Songs written by Bill Withers
Liza Minnelli songs
Scott Walker (singer) songs
1972 songs
Sussex Records singles
Grace Jones songs
Al Irwin (born March 16, 1943) is a former award-winning Canadian Football League player.
A graduate of McMaster University, Irwin joined the Montreal Alouettes in 1964. Catching 11 passes for 156 yards and 2 touchdowns, he won the Gruen Trophy as the best rookie in the east (this during a time when only Canadians could win the award.) He played another season with the Als, catching only 2 passes for 25 yards, and then went on to a 3-year stay with the Toronto Argonauts. As a Double Blue he hauled in 54 passes for 1162 yards and 8 touchdowns. He played one season with the Edmonton Eskimos (26 catches for 445 yards) and a final season with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats (5 catches for 87 yards and 1 touchdown.)
References
1943 births
Living people
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Canadian football wide receivers
Edmonton Elks players
McMaster Marauders football players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Montreal Alouettes players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Toronto Argonauts players
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Éghezée. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Éghezée
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Eghezee
Thordisa diuda is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1955
Benjamin Ethan Lawson (born 12 June 1995) is a British professional basketball player who plays for the Toyotsu Fighting Eagles Nagoya of the B.League in Japan. He played college basketball for Western Kentucky. Standing at 7 ft 1 in (2.16 m), Lawson plays the power forward / center positions.
High school career
Oaklands College (2011–13)
Lawson's basketball career began at Oaklands College in St. Albans, England. He averaged 15 points, 11 rebounds, and 4.7 blocks during the 2012-13 season. Shot 45 percent from the floor and 40 percent from three-point range; season highs were 32 points and 21 rebounds.
College career
Western Kentucky (2013–17)
Lawson played for Western Kentucky. As a senior, he averaged 5.3 points and 3.3 rebounds per game. Lawson finished his college career with 185 blocks, ranking fourth on WKU's all-time list.
Professional career
European University of Lefke (2017–18)
Played his first professional season with the European University of Lefke in the North Cyprus first league. Lawson hit the decisive game winning shot in the playoff series, sending EUL into the Championship final.
Fukuoka Rizing Zephyr (2018–19)
Lawson played his second professional season with Rizing Zephyr Fukuoka in Japan. He appeared in 44 games (43 starts) and averaged 15 points, 10.5 rebounds, 1.9 assists, 1.18 steals, and 1.7 blocks in 34.6 minutes; he shot 49.8 percent from the field and 68.8 percent from the free throw line in the Japanese B.League. Lawson scored in double figures 40 times, including 6 games with at least 20 points; he grabbed double-digit rebounds 21 times and posted 20 double-doubles.
Memphis Grizzlies NBA Summer League (2019)
Lawson competed with the Memphis Grizzlies in the NBA Summer League in Salt Lake City and Las Vegas. Memphis became the NBA Summer League Champions on 15 July 2019. Earning quality minutes in the tournament, Lawson was an integral part of the Grizzlies run to the final.
National team career
In 2013, Lawson and Basketball England played in Latvia for the 2013 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship. In a valuable and experience-gaining tournament, Lawson and the team finished 9th out of 16th. In a historic overtime game Vs Spain, England were victors 75-66.
The 2014 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship was hosted by Crete, Greece. After a promising group stage with Great Britain placing 2nd, Lawson sustained a back injury leaving him out of action until the last two remaining games of the tournament. Great Britain finished 11th out of 20.
Italy was the location for the 2015 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. The team finished 15th in the tournament; Lawson had a standout game of 11 points and 9 rebounds against Germany.
Personal life
Having been a rugby player from a young age, Lawson realised his body type had become less suited to rugby, and switched to basketball at the age of 15. He transferred over to Oaklands College from Hitchin Boys School at the age of 16 and spent 2011 - 2013 developing his game with the basketball academy and competing in the EABL (Elite Academy Basketball League). In the two years with Oaklands, he went from school to county, to regional, and then was invited to join the national team squads at U18 and U20.
Career statistics
Professional career
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017-18
| style="text-align:left;"| European University of Lefke*
| 42 || 42 || 28.4 ||.563 ||.327 || .781|| 11.8 || 1.21 ||1.91 ||2.38 || 20.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018-19
| style="text-align:left;"| Fukuoka Rizing Zephyr
| 44 || 43 || 34.6 || .498 || .200 || .688|| 10.5 || 1.94 || 1.27 || 1.76 || 15.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis Grizzlies
| 8 || 1 || 14.8 || .412 || .231 || .729|| 5.50 || 0.12 || 0.62 || 0.75 || 6.12
*No official statistics accessible for the 2017-18 season.
National team career
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012-13
| style="text-align:left;"| Team England U18
| 3 || 2 || 23.3 ||.500 ||1.000 || .750|| 2.7 || 0.3 || 3 || 1.3 || 6.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013
| style="text-align:left;"| Team GB U18
| 7 || 7 || 14.2 || .414 || .000 || .500 || 2.1 || 0.1 || 0.4 || 0.3 || 3.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014
| style="text-align:left;"| Team GB U20
| 8 || 8 || 19.5 || .400 || .000 || .812|| 4.2 ||0.9 || 0.8 || 1.6 || 5.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015
| style="text-align:left;"| Team GB U20
| 9 ||9 || 25.3 || .542 || .000 || .462|| 4.6 ||0.6|| 0.8 ||1.4 ||7.8
College career
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013-14
| style="text-align:left;"| Western Kentucky
| 12 || 2 || 7.9 ||.471 ||.000 || .667|| 1.50 || 0.17 ||0.08 ||0.75 || 2.00
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014-15
| style="text-align:left;"| Western Kentucky
| 32 || 8 || 18.8 || .583 || .000 || .490|| 3.22 ||0.66 || 0.44 || 1.66 || 3.84
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015-16
| style="text-align:left;"| Western Kentucky
| 34 || 11 || 16.1 || .594 || 1.000 || .767|| 3.29 ||0.38 || 0.32 || 1.91 || 5.03
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016-17
| style="text-align:left;"| Western Kentucky
| 32 ||15 || 15.8 || .569 || .000 || .643|| 3.25 ||0.22 || 0.44 ||1.78 ||5.28
|-
| style=“text-align:left;”| Career
| style=“text-align:left;”| Western Kentucky
| 110 || 36 || 15.8 || .575 || .200 || .650 || 3.06 || 0.39 || 0.36 || 1.67 || 4.43
References
1995 births
Living people
British expatriate basketball people in the United States
British men's basketball players
Kumamoto Volters players
Rizing Zephyr Fukuoka players
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers basketball players
Centers (basketball)
Sportspeople from Welwyn Garden City
Toyotsu Fighting Eagles Nagoya players
Haluk Levent (born Haluk Acil; 26 November 1968) is a Turkish rock music singer who helped revive the long forgotten Anatolian rock genre in the 1990s.
After graduating from high school, he joined various university programs but he had to quit for economic reasons.
Levent moved to Istanbul in 1992. He worked at various bars in Ortaköy until he met with Yildiray Gürgen. He also worked with musicians like Serdar Öztop and Akın Eldes to increase the quality of his albums. In July 1993 he released his first album, Yollarda. Following his first album, his second album Bir Gece Vakti had sales approaching one million dollars in 1995. In September 1998, he released the album Yine Ayrılık. Following his military service, he released Kral Çıplak in February 2001, Bir Erkeğin Günlüğü in October 2002, Aç Pencereni in September 2004, and Annemin Türküleri in 2005.
Discography
Studio albums
Yollarda / Bu Ateş Sönmez (Prestij Müzik) (1993)
Bir Gece Vakti (Prestij Müzik) (1995)
Arkadaş (Prestij Müzik) (1996)
Mektup (Prestij Müzik) (1997)
Yine Ayrılık''' (Prestij Müzik) (1998)
www.leyla.com (2000)
Kral Çıplak (2001)
Bir Erkeğin Günlüğü (Popüler Müzik) (2002)
Özel Canlı İstanbul Konseri (Popüler Müzik) (2003)
Türkiye Turnesi 2003 (Popüler Müzik) (2003)
Aç Pencereni (Belis-Seyhan Müzik) (2004)
Annemin Türküleri (DMC) (2005)
Akşam Üstü (Mod Müzik-Ozan Video) (2006)
Karagöz ve Hacivat (Mod Müzik) (2010)
Trilogy (Süper Müzik Yapım) (2010)
Dostane (DNK Müzik) (2014)
Best of Konserler (Süper Müzik Yapım) (2015)
Tam Bana Göre (Pasaj Müzik & Garaj Müzik) (2019)
Vasiyet (Pasaj Müzik) (2021)
Compilation albums
Yaz Şarkıları (2006)
Pop 2006'' (2006)
References
Haluk levent akorları
Turkish rock singers
1968 births
Living people
Anatolian rock musicians
People from Adana
is the second major studio album by the indie rock band Jinn. It was released on February 6, 2008.
Track listing
[4:52]
"Vuena Vista" [5:11]
"Route 18" [5:39]
[5:08]
[5:23]
[6:14]
[6:00]
[5:09]
[5:16]
[4:57]
[6:30]
Jinn (band) albums
2008 albums
Efrain Morales (born March 4, 2004) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for Major League Soccer club Atlanta United.
Career
Born in Decatur, Georgia, Morales joined in the youth academy of Major League Soccer club Atlanta United in 2016. Morales began at the under-12 level but quickly progressed to the under-17 side. After impressing coaches in the youth setup, Morales signed a professional homegrown player contract with Atlanta United on August 13, 2020, which will come into effect on January 1, 2021.
On August 15, 2020, Morales made his professional debut for Atlanta United 2, Atlanta United's reserve team in the USL Championship, against Charleston Battery. He came on as a 22nd minute substitute for Patrick Nielsen and scored his first professional goal in the 51st minute. Despite the goal, Atlanta United 2 lost 3–2.
Personal life
Born in the United States, Morales is the son of a Bolivian father and a Puerto Rican mother.
Career statistics
References
2004 births
Living people
People from Decatur, Georgia
North Gwinnett High School alumni
American soccer players
American people of Bolivian descent
American people of Puerto Rican descent
Association football defenders
Atlanta United 2 players
Atlanta United FC players
USL Championship players
Soccer players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Homegrown Players (MLS)
The 2009 Air New Zealand Cup was a provincial rugby union competition in New Zealand, which was run as a round-robin tournament from 30 July to 25 October. There were 13 rounds where every team played each other once. The top four teams on the Air New Zealand Cup table advanced to the semi-finals, where they played for a chance in the Grand Final.
Most weeks, one game was played on Thursday at 7:35 pm (NZ Time), two games on Fridays both starting at 7:35 pm, three games on Saturdays at 2:35, 5:30 and 7:35 pm and one game on Sundays at 2:35 pm. Again, this is most common, there were games played at 4:30 or 6:30 pm and more or less games played on certain days, e.g. Thursdays and Saturdays.
Standings
Points Table
Ladder Progression
Schedule
|-border="2" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="1" bgcolor=#ccccff
| width=14% align=center|Round 1
| width=14% align=center|Round 2
| width=14% align=center|Round 3
| width=14% align=center|Round 4
| width=14% align=center|Round 5
| width=14% align=center|Round 6
| width=14% align=center|Round 7
|-align=center
| 30 Jul-2 Aug
| 06-09 Aug
| 13-16 Aug
| 20-23 Aug
| 27-30 Aug
| 03-06 Sept
| 10-13 Sept
|-bgcolor=#ccccff
| width=14% align=center|Round 8
| width=14% align=center|Round 9
| width=14% align=center|Round 10
| width=14% align=center|Round 11
| width=14% align=center|Round 12
| width=14% align=center|Round 13
|-align=center
| 17-20 Sept
| 24-27 Sept
| 01-04 Oct
| 08-11 Oct
| 15-18 Oct
| 22-25 Oct
Round 1
The highlight of round one was the first up Ranfurly Shield challenge when Wellington beat Otago 23-19, Otago had the chance to own the shield for the first time in 52 years.
On Saturday, three of the major unions went down to their lesser counterparts;
Hawke's Bay recorded its first win over Auckland in Air New Zealand/NPC history and their first win over Auckland since 1974.
North Harbour recorded a shock win over defending champions Canterbury in their first game of the season, Michael Harris lead the 22-19 victory recording 17 points.
Southland beat Waikato 16-6, their first win over the Mooloo men since 2003.
Round 2
Northland chose to switch their home game to North Harbour Stadium after determining that Okara Park would be unsuitable on account of bad field conditions.
When Southland beat Otago 26-19 at Carisbrook, it was the 232nd time these two teams had matched up, the most played provincial rivalry in New Zealand rugby.
Tasman's 19-15 victory over North Harbour on 7 August was the first time in their history that they have beaten them.
Round 3
When Northland ran out onto the field at the Kerikeri Domain it was the first time they have played in the province outside of Whangarei since 1976, and the first time Kerikeri have hosted an Air New Zealand/NPC match.
Taranaki and Hawke's Bay played in the first drawn match of the season when they matched up 24 a piece at the full-time whistle, it was also refereed for the first time by a referee outside the country with Australian Nathan Pearce taking the officiators duty.
On 16 August Tasman and Counties Manukau played against each other for the first time in their history with Tasman winning 51-15.
Round 4
Wellington won their second Ranfurly Shield challenge 16-15 against Auckland on 22 August, with some significant moments,
it is now the longest Wellington has held onto the shield since 1953; and
Fa'atonu Fili landed his 3rd drop goal of the competition, the most in any Air New Zealand Cup season, it also made Wellington the holder of the most drop goals in a season by a team with 2 being the previous record.
When Canterbury beat Tasman 25 to 21, it was the closest that Tasman had come to winning against their Crusader counterparts.
Counties Manukau were only team left in the competition without a win but ended that when they recorded a 33-21 win over Taranaki on 23 August.
Round 5
Wellington lost the Ranfurly Shield in Round 5, losing 36-14 to Canterbury on 29 August.
When Southland beat North Harbour 24 to 22, it was the first time Southland had beaten North Harbour at their home stadium.
Hawke's Bay scored the first penalty try of the season in their 28-26 victory over Tasman on 28 August.
Auckland and Bay of Plenty contested for the new trophy, the John Drake Boot, named after John Drake, who died December 2008, Auckland won the trophy by winning 29 points to 14. This was also Bay of Plenty's first loss of the season.
Round 6
Southland and Northland started off round 6 with a draw when both teams locked up at 15 all, it was the second draw of the season.
When Wellington beat Counties Manukau on 4 September, Hosea Gear equaled the record for most tries in one game with 4.
The upset of the round was when Bay of Plenty beat Canterbury 19 points to 17, right after Canterbury had won the Ranfurly Shield off Wellington
Round 7
Canterbury hosted their first Ranfurly Shield challenge against Otago on 12 September, which they won 36-16.
When Tasman played Waikato on 11 September, it was officiated by Australian Andrew Lees, who was the second Australian to referee an Air New Zealand Cup match this season.
When Taranaki beat Wellington on 10 September, it was their first NPC/Air New Zealand Cup win over Wellington in 20 years.
When Southland beat Bay of Plenty 19-12 on 11 September, they earned the 4 competition points to gain them the top position on the points table, the first time ever Southland have achieved this in the first division of New Zealand provincial rugby.
Round 8
Canterbury successfully hosted their second Ranfurly Shield match of the season when they beat Taranaki 29 points to 17.
North Harbour won the 29th edition of the Battle of the bridge against Auckland, only the sixth time they've beat them and the first time since 2004.
Round 9
Englishman Wayne Barnes refereed the game between Wellington and Southland, he was the third referee outside the country to referee an Air New Zealand Cup match this season.
Canterbury successfully held their third Ranfurly Shield challenge against Northland when they beat them 31-21.
Tasman recorded their first ever win over Auckland in their four-year history, even though it was only the second time they've played each other.
Round 10
Counties Manukau were the first team in this year's competition to be eliminated from semifinal contention when they lost to Canterbury on 2 October.
Round 11
Canterbury successfully held their fourth Ranfurly Shield challenge against Manawatu on 9 October, winning 50-26.
Canterbury became the first team in the competition to qualify for the semifinals with their victory over Manawatu.
Despite sitting in 10th place immediately after their loss on 9 October, Manawatu was the second team to be eliminated from semifinal contention.
When Hawke's Bay beat Counties Manukau 54-8, it was the largest winning margin between the two teams.
Northland's David Holwell celebrated his 100th game for the province against his old union, Wellington on 11 October.
Taranaki and Tasman were the first teams this season to be held scoreless, when they played Auckland and Southland on 9 and 10 October.
Otago was eliminated from semifinal contention when they lost to Waikato. Waikato's victory also eliminated North Harbour and Northland bringing the total of eliminated teams to five.
Round 12
By defeating Hawke's Bay on 15 October, Canterbury ensured home field advantage in the semifinal and (should they reach it) the final.
Taranaki became the sixth team be eliminated from playoff contention when they lost to Southland on 16 October.
Bay of Plenty became the seventh team be eliminated from playoff contention when Wellington beat North Harbour on 17 October.
Tasman became the eighth team to be eliminated from playoff contention when they lost to Otago on 17 October. They were also held scoreless for the second straight week after losing to Southland in Round 11 41-0.
The Wellington Lions played in specially designed white jerseys in their 17 October match against North Harbour to help raise funds and awareness for the Samoa Tsunami appeal.
Round 13
Six teams remained in contention for the semi-finals at the beginning of the round (Canterbury, Wellington, Southland, Waikato, Hawke's Bay and Auckland); and of these only Canterbury was guaranteed a position.
Southland obtained the Ranfurly Shield for the first time since 1959 when they beat Canterbury 9 points to 3 on 22 October. In the process, they became the second team to book themselves a place in the semi-finals.
Wellington clinched a home semi-final after their win against Tasman on 23 October. The victory also cemented Southland as the third-place team in the Round Robin and as Wellington's semifinal opponent.
Auckland was the ninth team to be eliminated from semifinal contention with Hawke's Bay victory over Northland on 23 October.
Manawatu beat North Harbour for the first time ever, winning 42-16 on 24 October. Manawatu's Andre Taylor also equaled the record for most points scored in an Air New Zealand Cup game with 27, including 2 tries, 2 penalty goals, 4 conversions and 1 drop goal.
Hawke's Bay won the last playoff spot and Waikato was the tenth and final team eliminated from semifinal contention when Auckland beat Waikato on 24 October.
See also
Air New Zealand Cup
2009 Air New Zealand Cup
References
Round
Lists of medical abbreviations
Romani cuisine is the cuisine of the ethnic Romani people. There is no specific "Roma cuisine"; it varies and is culinarily influenced by the respective countries where they have often lived for centuries. Hence, it is influenced by European cuisine even though the Romani people originated from the Indian subcontinent. Their cookery incorporates Indian and South Asian influences, but is also very similar to Hungarian, Ashkenazi Jewish cuisine, Eastern European cuisine and Romanian cuisine. The cuisine of Muslim Romani people is also influenced by Balkan cuisine and Turkish cuisine.
Overview
Romani dishes are usually made hot and spicy with the use of spices, such as paprika, garlic and bell peppers. Potatoes are also a staple in their diet. A traditional Romani dessert is pirogo. The recipe consists of eggs, raisins, walnuts, pineapple, sugar, butter, egg noodles and cottage cheese. Another traditional dish cooked by Romani people is sarma, salmaia or sodmay, which is made from cabbage stuffed with meat and rice. Romani people consume dishes consisting of [
[stuffed peppers]], especially on holidays and special occasions. Romani people also cook pufe (made from fried flour), xaritsa (fried cornbread), bogacha (baked bread) and xaimoko (a meal consisting of rabbit meat). They serve their meals with kafa (coffee) and chao (tea) with sugar and milk or fruits such as strawberries, peach slices, apple slices, or lemon. The Roma believe some foods are auspicious and give luck (baxt). American Roma believe red pepper, black pepper, salt, vinegar, garlic, onions and a sacrificed animal such a lamb to be lucky foods. In Maribor, Slovenia, there is a Romani restaurant called Romani Kafenava. Some itinerant European Romani people cook hedgehog stew.
List of Romani dishes
Stuffed peppers
Pufe
Pedogo
Xaritsa
Xaimoko or Hymoko
Goulash
Cigányturo
Bogacha
Ciganypecsenye
Sarma or Sodmay
Sax Suklo
Rabbit stew
Baked hedgehog
Mamaliga
Cabbage roll
Saviako
Gushvada (cheese strudel)
Schnitzel
See also
Romani society and culture
References
External links
How to Eat Like a Real "Gypsy"
Inside the Culinary Traditions of the Roma people
Introducing Roma Cuisine, The Little-Known 'Soul Food' Of Europe
Hungary Roma restaurant eases prejudice through food
Romani Cuisine and Cultural Persistence
Gypsy Feast: Recipes and Culinary Traditions of the Romany People
Food Cultures of the World Encyclopedia - Volume 2 - Page 175
European cuisine
Cuisine by ethnicity
Gail Nicole Da Silva (born 6 February 1993) is an Indian model and beauty queen from Goa who won was crowned Femina Miss India United Continent 2014 and placed as first runner-up at the Miss United Continents 2014 pageant. She also won two special awards there including Best National Costume and Miss Photogenic at Miss United Continent 2014. Her national costume was designed by internationally acclaimed fashion designer and beauty pageant mentor Melvyn Noronha, who was also her mentor.
Early life and education
Gail was born into a Goan Catholic family. She went to St. Pius X Convent High School.She graduated from Dempo college of commerce and economics, Panaji, Goa.
Femina Miss India 2014
She was crowned as the Femina Miss United Continent 2014.
Gail was also crowned Femina Miss Timeless Beauty. She was mentored by international beauty pageant mentor Melvyn Noronha.
Miss United Continent 2014
She represented India at Miss United Continents 2014 and was crowned first runner-up there. She won two special awards at the pageant including Miss Photogenic and Best in National Costume. Her national costume was designed by internationally acclaimed fashion designer and beauty pageant mentor Melvyn Noronha.
Pond's Femina Miss India 2013
She was one of the top 10 finalists of Femina Miss India 2013, however she did not win the crown. She later trained with internationally acclaimed fashion designer and beauty pageant mentor Melvyn Noronha and won at Femina Miss India 2014.
Pond's Femina Miss India Goa 2013
She was crowned Femina Miss India Goa 2013. She also won Pond's Femina Miss Glowing Skin title at the pageant.
See also
Radha Bartake
References
External links
Official Miss United Continent website
Official Miss Femina India website
Living people
1993 births
2013 beauty pageants in India
Female models from Goa
Indian beauty pageant winners
Femina Miss India winners
Norman Engleback (5 October 1927 – 4 December 2015) was an English architect. He worked for the London County Council, and was the lead architect on the Queen Elizabeth Hall, the Purcell Room and the Hayward Gallery on the South Bank; and the National Recreation Centre at Crystal Palace (now the National Sports Centre).
Norman Engleback was born on 5 October 1927 in Islington, London, the son of William Engleback, a north London scientific instrument maker, and his wife, Elsie (née Parry), a clerk to a manufacturer of floor polish.
He died on 4 December 2015.
National Life Stories conducted an oral history interview (C467/62) with Norman Engleback in 2001 for its Architects Lives' collection held by the British Library.
References
1927 births
2015 deaths
Architects from London
Blood Run is a volume of free verse poetry written by Allison Hedge Coke. It was published in the UK by Salt Publications in November 2006, and was subsequently published in the US in February 2007.
The book reads as a verse-play regarding the indigenous mound city on the border of Iowa and South Dakota that is today referred to as the Blood Run Site. Hedge Coke writes of the need to preserve and protect these ruins, which contain the buried remains of native people.
Awards
Hedge Coke won the Writer of the Year award from the Wordcraft Circle of Native Writers and Storytellers for Blood Run in 2007.
Hedge Coke was awarded an Individual Artist Fellowship by the South Dakota Arts Council to research the site and create the Blood Run volume in 2002/2003.
References
2006 books
American poetry collections
Literature by Native American women
2006 poems
Nigilu is a Sepik language spoken in East Sepik Province, Papua-New Guinea.
References
Bahinemo languages
Languages of East Sepik Province
Brede Bomhoff (born 30 July 1976) is a retired Norwegian football defender.
External links
NIFS
1976 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Odds BK players
Sportspeople from Skien
Association football defenders
Christian Jaymar Perez (born November 17, 1993) is a Filipino professional basketball player for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). He was selected 1st overall in the 2018 PBA draft by Columbian Dyip.
Early life and college career
Although born in Kowloon, Hong Kong, CJ lives and grew up in Bautista, Pangasinan, Philippines.
CJ Perez played for San Sebastian College – Recoletos Stags, Ateneo De Manila Blue Eagles and Lyceum of the Philippines University Pirates.
In his final college season, he averaged a league-best 19.3 points per game, while grabbing 6.5 rebounds and 3.6 assists while leading the Pirates to an 18-game sweep of the eliminations, where they were eventually beaten by San Beda in the Finals. He also could have been on the NCAA Mythical Team that year if not for a suspension.
Professional career
PBA D-League
Perez played for Zark's Burger-Lyceum, which was composed of the core of the Pirates that won 18 straight games in the NCAA Season 93 tournament before losing in the Finals to the San Beda Red Lions. He led Zark's Burger-Lyceum to the Finals averaging 17.5 points, 6.5 rebounds, 3.9 assists, and 1.9 steals to the championship round. He was named as the 2018 PBA D-League Aspirants' Cup Conference Most Valuable Player.
Columbian / Terrafirma Dyip (2018–2020)
On December 16, 2018, Perez was selected first overall by the Columbian Dyip in the 2018 PBA draft. In his first career game, he scored 26 points in a win against the San Miguel Beermen. Three games later, he was unanimously awarded the first-ever PBA Press Corps Rookie of the Month for January. For the month of February, Perez was second in voting for Rookie of the Month, losing the award to Javee Mocon. During All-Star Weekend, he participated in the Rookies/Sophomores vs. Juniors game (winning MVP), the slam dunk contest, and the All-Star 3x3. His team did not qualify for the playoffs for the Philippine Cup, finishing with a 4-7 record. In the Commissioner's Cup, Perez exploded for a career-high 39 points in a 120-105 win against the NLEX Road Warriors. He ended the 2019 season with the Rookie of the Year award, a First Mythical Team selection (the first rookie since Calvin Abueva in 2013), and was on the All-Defensive Team (the first rookie since Ryan Reyes in 2008.) He also led the league in scoring with 20.8 points, the first rookie since Eric Menk to do so, back in 1999. His 20.8 points a game is also the third-highest among the highest scoring averages for a rookie in the PBA.
In his final season with Terrafirma, he averaged 24.4 points a game, leading the league in scoring.
San Miguel Beermen (2021–present)
On February 2, 2021, Perez was traded to the San Miguel Beermen for Matt Ganuelas-Rosser, Russel Escoto, Gelo Alolino, and two future first-round picks.
PBA career statistics
As of the end of 2021 season
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Columbian
| 33 || 37.8 || .447 || .325 || .639 || 7.4 || 3.4 || 1.9 || .4 || 20.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Terrafirma
| 11 || 37.2 || .436 || .269 || .623 || 6.8 || 4.3 || 2.0 || .6 || 24.4
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | San Miguel
| 32 || 29.5 || .433 || .308 || .688 || 5.8 || 1.8 || 1.3 || .5 || 14.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 76 || 34.2 || .440 || .308 || .650 || 6.6 || 2.8 || 1.6 || .4 || 18.8
National team career
Perez first started playing at the national team level in 2016, as a member of Gilas 5.0 for the FIBA Asia Challenge. He was also a member of the Team Manila roster for the 2016 FIBA 3x3 All Stars in Doha, Qatar. He played with Rey Guevarra, Sidney Onwubere and Bright Akhuetie in this competition. The team finished 7th out of 8th competitors.
In 2019, Perez was one of the youngest members of the Gilas team that played in the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup. His averages of 12.6 points, 3.2 rebounds, and 2.6 assists and fearless brand of basketball was a silver lining in a campaign that saw the Philippines finish dead last in the World Cup. He was named to the Gilas 3x3 team for the SEA Games, along with Chris Newsome, Jason Perkins, and Moala Tautuaa. That team went on to sweep their competition in eight games, winning the gold medal
In 2020, Perez was among the 12 chosen for the Asia Cup qualifiers against Indonesia. He had 11 points, 7 rebounds, 3 assists and 4 steals in that game that they won, 100-70. Perez was also named to the FIBA 3x3 OQT lineup, along with SEA Games teammate Moala Tautuaa, Joshua Munzon, and Alvin Pasaol. They finished in last place in that tournament.
Player profile
Perez's game has been primarily influenced by Calvin Abueva, to the point where he notes Abueva as his favorite player at the game. His rebounding and aggressiveness has been compared positively to Calvin Abueva's college years at San Sebastian College – Recoletos.
References
External links
PBA.ph profile
FIBA Basketball World Cup 2019 profile
1993 births
Living people
2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup players
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
Basketball players from Pangasinan
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Filipino men's 3x3 basketball players
Filipino men's basketball players
Filipino people of Nigerian descent
Lyceum Pirates men's basketball players
Philippines men's national basketball team players
Philippines national 3x3 basketball team players
San Miguel Beermen players
San Sebastian Stags men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Terrafirma Dyip draft picks
Terrafirma Dyip players
Citizens of the Philippines through descent
Southeast Asian Games medalists in 3x3 basketball
Marie-Louise Ester Maude Ekman, née Fuchs, and known during her first marriage under the surname De Geer, and during and after her second as De Geer Bergenstråhle (born 5 November 1944) is a Swedish painter and film director. She is a professor of art and former rector at the Royal University College of Fine Arts, Stockholm.
During the late 1960s and early 1970s she was among the contributors of a satirical magazine, Puss, in Stockholm. In 1991 at the 26th Guldbagge Awards she won the Creative Achievement award and in 2007 was awarded the prestigious Prince Eugen Medal.
Since 2009 Ekman has been Managing Director of the Royal Dramatic Theatre, Sweden's national stage.
She was married three times. From 1966 to 1971 she was married to the artist Carl Johan De Geer. She was then married to the director and writer Johan Bergenstråhle (with whom she had two daughters, Johanna and Lovisa) from 1971 to 1980. She was married thirdly to actor and stage director Gösta Ekman from 1989 until his death in 2017.
Filmography
1976 - Hallo Baby
1977 - Mamma, pappa, barn
1979 - Barnförbjudet
1983 - Moderna människor
1985 - Stilleben
1990 - Den hemliga vännen
1991 - Duo Jag (TV-series)
1992 - Vennerman & Winge (TV-series)
1996 - Nu är pappa trött igen
2001 - Puder
2005 - Asta Nilssons sällskap
References
External links
Swedish artists
Swedish film directors
1944 births
Living people
Swedish women film directors
Swedish people of Jewish descent
Recipients of the Prince Eugen Medal
The Men's Irish Hockey League is a field hockey league organised by Hockey Ireland that features men's teams from both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The league was first played for during the 2008–09 season. It replaced the All-Ireland Club Championships as the top level men's field hockey competition in Ireland. Since 2015–16 the league has been sponsored by Ernst & Young and, as a result, it is also known as the EY Hockey League.
History
Format
The league was first played for during the 2008–09 season.
Between 2008–09 and 2014–15 the league used pool stages and play-offs to determine the league champion. Teams were divides into two pools with the winners and runners-up in each pool then qualifying for the semi-finals. The league title was then decided by a final. Teams continued to play in their respective provincial leagues and qualified for the next season's national league via their position in the provincial league. However for the 2015–16 season the league was reorganised. The pool stages were abandoned and replaced with a full league programme consisting of 18 rounds of home and away matches. In addition the play-offs were effectively replaced by a new competition, the EY Champions Trophy. Furthermore the clubs no longer entered their senior teams in provincial leagues.
Graham Shaw guided Monkstown to three successive league titles in 2012–13, 2013–14 and 2014–15. In 2017–18 Glenanne won the league title for the first time. They secured the title after defeating Lisnagarvey 4–2. Glenanne were 2–0 down before Shane O'Donoghue scored a hat-trick.
Division 2
The 2018–19 season saw the introduction of a Division 2. The new division revived the original format of the league. It uses pool stages and play-offs to determine the Division 2 champion and which teams get promoted to Division 1. Division 2 teams will continue to play in their respective provincial leagues.
2021–22 teams
Division 1
Division 2
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Winners
Notes
EY Champions Trophy
In addition to introducing a new format, the 2015–16 season also saw the introduction of the EY Champions Trophy. The top three placed teams from the league and/or the winners of the Irish Senior Cup all qualify for the end of season competition. The winners of the EY Champions Trophy qualify to represent Ireland in the Euro Hockey League.
References
2008 establishments in Ireland
Sport leagues established in 2008
Ire
Bughea de Sus is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Bughea de Sus. The village was part of Albeștii de Muscel Commune, as well as being the commune center, until 2004, when it was split off.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Francesco Morini (; 12 August 1944 – 31 August 2021) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a defender. He competed for the Italy national team in the 1974 FIFA World Cup and earned a total of 11 caps. He played for clubs such as Sampdoria and, most notably, Juventus, with which he achieved great success. Morini was a fast, strong, and tenacious centre-back, with good technique, who was known for his tackling ability, as well as his tight marking of opposing forwards. He was given the nickname "Morgan the Pirate" as he excelled as a powerful ball-winner; despite his physical style of play, he was also known for his correct behaviour on the pitch, and he rarely committed aggressive challenges. On the pitch, he was also well known for his rivalry with Inter forward Roberto Boninsegna, who later became his teammate. After his retirement he worked as Juventus's sporting director for several years.
Club career
Morini made his Serie A debut for Sampdoria in a 2–0 loss against Roma on 2 February 1964, and in 1969, he was transferred to Juventus. He made 387 appearances in Serie A, as well as 30 in Serie B with Sampdoria during the 1966–67 season, during which he won the title.
During a highly successful domestic and European stint with Juventus, Morini won five Serie A titles, a Coppa Italia during the 1978–79 season, and an UEFA Cup during the 1976–77 season, also reaching the European Cup final during the 1972–73 season, and the semi-final of the European Cup Winners' Cup during the 1979–80 season, his final season at the club. Throughout his professional footballing career as a defender, Morini never scored a goal; although he once appeared to score one during a friendly tournament, it was disallowed. Morini ended his career in Canada with the Toronto Blizzard.
International career
Morini made his international debut for the Italy national team in a 1–0 home win over Turkey on 25 February 1973, and was a member of the Italian squad that took part in the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He played for Italy 11 times between 1973 and 1975. Although he was still part of the Italian national side during the mid-70s, he was notably excluded by Enzo Bearzot from the Italian squad that finished in fourth place at the 1978 FIFA World Cup.
Personal life
Morini had two sons; one is Jacopo Morini, who is known for his role in the Italian television program "Le Iene", and the other, Andrea, is a singer and guitarist in a band.
Honours
Juventus
Serie A: 1971–72, 1972–73, 1974–75, 1976–77, 1977–78
Coppa Italia: 1978–79
UEFA Cup: 1976–77
Sampdoria
Serie B: 1966–67
References
External links
Profile at Enciclopediadelcalcio.it
Profile at FIGC.it
1944 births
2021 deaths
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Italian expatriate footballers
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
Juventus F.C. players
Juventus F.C. directors
Serie A players
Serie B players
Toronto Blizzard (1971–1984) players
U.C. Sampdoria players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Association football defenders
UEFA Cup winning players
Sportspeople from the Province of Pisa
Footballers from Tuscany
Dryopteris crinalis is a species of fern known as the serpent woodfern. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known from the main islands.
There are at least two varieties. The var. podosorus was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010. There are three populations on Kauai, for a total of no more than 47 individual plants. The fern grows on walls of basalt in wet forests.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile for Dryopteris crinalis
crinalis
Native ferns of Hawaii
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Hawaii (island)
The Wernau Quarry Ponds are a Nature Conservation Area established by the Stuttgart Regional Commission on June 5, 1981 (NSG-Nummer 1.090). They are located within the jurisdiction of Wernau and Wendlingen and the community of Köngen, which are located in the district of Esslingen in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Location and history
The 32.1 hectare (ha) nature conservation area is located to the West of the city of Wernau at an altitude of 255 m above sea level in the Neckar valley. It belongs to the nature conservation area of Filder and to the FFH area 7321-341 Filder.
Up until the end of the 19th century, the Neckar valley between Köngen and Wendlingen mostly consisted of grassy fields. Starting in the 20th century the landscape changed as gravel mining started, which also produces quarry ponds as a byproduct as rain filled the shallow mines. There was a 20 ha pond that was located at the city border of Wendlingen and the Pfauhäuser quarry pond was already a size of 35 ha. After the gravel mining ended more and more ponds were being filled in and the open water started to disappear. The Wernau Quarry Ponds were also in danger of being filled in and built over. The Germany Union for the Protection of Birds (Deutsche Bund für Vogelschutz DBV) which was the predecessor of today's NABU, applied for the protection of the Wernau Quarry Ponds in 1974. They had been monitoring the ponds for several years and registered over 200 different species of birds. The quarry ponds were officially declared a nature conservation area in June, 1981. The Regional Commission of Stuttgart named DBV as the official superintendent of the nature conservation area. In March 1992, the bordering Neckarwasen was also declared a nature conservation area. The conservation area increased to a total of 45,4 ha and is now being overseen by NABU.
A Daimler AG test track is located directly in the middle of the protected area. Talks between NABU and Daimler AG began in March 1996, with the goal of moving the test track outside of the nature conservation area. NABU's State Chairman Stefan Rösler spoke again with Daimler chairman Dieter Zetsche, in November 2006. Zetsche agreed to move the test track out of the protected area. And with the construction of the new test track in Immendingen, which was opened in September 2018, the test track in Wernau will be closed.
Purpose of protection
The protected area is a valuable environment for both plants and animals and an important waystation for water birds during migration. Furthermore, an informative nature trail has been set up to teach the public about its importance.
200 different species of birds have been identified and registered. Among them are many species whose numbers have drastically reduced in the last years and therefore need special protection. Some examples are the grey heron, little bittern, common merganser, western marsh harrier, common sandpiper, and more.
Literature
Roland Appl, Günter Schmid und andere: Naturschutzgebiet Wernauer Baggerseen – Von der Kiesgrube zum Naturschutzgebiet, Landesanstalt für Umweltschutz Baden-Württemberg 1993,
Reinhard Wolf, Ulrike Kreh (Hrsg.): Die Naturschutzgebiete im Regierungsbezirk Stuttgart. Thorbecke, Ostfildern 2007, , S. 500–502
References
External links
NABU webpages about the Wernau Quarry Ponds
Nature reserves in Baden-Württemberg
Esslingen (district)
Protected areas established in 1981
1981 establishments in West Germany
Meltdown EP is an extended play (EP) by American rapper Pitbull, released on November 22, 2013 through Mr. 305, Polo Grounds, and RCA Records.
The EP can be purchased individually, or can be found attached onto the end of the Global Warming album under the 2013 reissue titled Global Warming: Meltdown.
Singles
"Timber" was released as the lead single on October 7, 2013. The track features guest vocals from American singer-songwriter Kesha. The single has peaked at #1 on the US Billboard Hot 100, #1 in the UK, Canada, Austria, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and the Netherlands, #4 in Australia, #6 in Spain, #3 in New Zealand, and at #8 in France. It has further peaked in the top 5 in over 25 countries. The song became a worldwide hit. This marks Pitbull's 2nd global hit. Pitbull performed the song in the AMA's, The X Factor finale, Good Morning America and also in the Jingle Balls. Timber has peaked at number one in more than 16 countries, number 2 in 7 countries, number 3 in four countries, and reached the top 10 in 4 countries and top 20 in 3 countries making it the biggest hit of 2014.
Commercial performance
The EP debuted at number 95 on the US Billboard 200 chart, with first-week sales of 10,000 copies in the United States.
Track listing
Notes
signifies an additional producer
Sample credits
"Timber" contains a portion of the composition "San Francisco Bay", written by Lee Oskar, Keri Oskar, and Greg Errico as well as a sample of one of Pitbull's own songs, "11:59" featuring Vein.
"Do It" contains the original track of "Do It" by Tuxedo, but with Pitbull rapping over the extended instrumental breaks.
Charts
Release history
References
External links
Meltdown on Spotify
2013 EPs
Pitbull (rapper) albums
RCA Records EPs
Albums produced by Benny Blanco
Albums produced by Calvin Harris
Albums produced by Cirkut
Albums produced by Dr. Luke
Albums produced by Stargate
The IBM System/360 Model 195 is a discontinued IBM computer introduced on August 20, 1969. The Model 195 was a reimplementation of the IBM System/360 Model 91 design using monolithic integrated circuits. It offers "an internal processing speed about twice as fast as the Model 85, the next most powerful System/360". The Model 195 was discontinued on February 9, 1977, the same date as the System/370 Model 195.
About 20 Model 195 systems were produced.
Technical specifications
The basic CPU cycle time is 54 nanoseconds (ns). The system has a high degree of parallelism and can process up to seven operations at a time.
The system can be configured with 1, 2, or 4 MB of magnetic core memory (models 195J, 195K, and 195L) with a cycle time of 756 ns. A 32 KB cache, called a buffer memory in the IBM announcement, is standard. Memory blocks are brought into cache in units of 64 bytes.
The normal operating system for the Model 195 is OS/360 Multiprogramming with a Variable Number of Tasks (MVT).
Legacy
The Model 195 was later updated as the IBM System/370 Model 195 with the new System/370 instructions and the 370 TOD clock and control registers, but without the virtual memory hardware.
References
External links
IBM System/360 Model 195 Functional Characteristics
Computing platforms
System/360 Model 195
Métisse (also known as Café au lait) is a 1993 French film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz.
Plot
Lola, a young West Indian Métis, is pregnant. However, she does not know which of her two lovers is the father: Felix, a poor Jewish bicycle courier, or Jamal, the son of affluent African diplomats. When she refuses to get a paternity test, the two men fight to prove to her that they would be a better father.
Cast
Julie Mauduech as Lola Mauduech
Hubert Koundé as Jamal Saddam Abossolo M'bo
Mathieu Kassovitz as Félix
Vincent Cassel as Max
Héloïse Rauth as Sarah
Andrée Damant as Maurice's mother
Peter Kassovitz as University professor
References
External links
1993 films
French films
Films directed by Mathieu Kassovitz
1990s French films
The Leopold Fountain (, more rarely Leopoldbrunnen) in the Tyrolean state capital is a listed monument near the Altstadt of the city of Innsbruck. The fountain, which is on the Rennweg and is not far from the Tyrolean State Theatre features an equestrian statue of Archduke Leopold V who lived from 1586 to 1632 and gave the fountain its name.
History
As a symbol of his political claim to power, the then Archduke Leopold V had this fountain built between 1622 and 1630. However, not until 1893 did it assume its present appearance. This deviates from the, now missing original plan which was probably drawn up by court architect (Hofbaumeister) Christoph Gumpp.
In late summer 2015 the Leopold Fountain was dismantled as part of the demolition of the large building complex (city halls, chamber theatre, old dancing school of Polai, city café). It is still unknown where and when it will be reassembled in another location. On the site of the old building of the Innsbruck city halls, a "House of Music" has been built, which is due to open in 2018.
References
External links
Buildings and structures completed in 1630
Equestrian statues in Austria
Bronze sculptures in Austria
Historic sites in Austria
Fountains in Austria
Buildings and structures in Innsbruck
Statues of monarchs
Sculptures of men in Austria
"Here Come Those Tears Again" is a song co-written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne and included on his 1976 album The Pretender. Released as a single, it reached #23 one year to the week after the death of Browne's wife, Phyllis Major, spending nine weeks on the chart, after entering the Billboard Hot 100 on February 5, 1977 at position #64, the highest debut of the week. It also reached #15 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. The single was the eighth-highest charting of his Hot 100 career. It was also released as a single in the United Kingdom, Germany and Japan.
History
The song was credited as being co-written with Nancy Farnsworth, the mother of Browne's wife, model/actor Phyllis Major. Major had died in March 1976 of an overdose, an apparent suicide, during the period of the recording of the album. According to the Internet Movie Database, Major's mother visited with Browne and Phyllis on vacation in Paris following the Late for the Sky tour. Farnsworth "asked Jackson to peruse an unfinished song she had written. Jackson liked the lyrics and incorporated them into a song." The lyrics concern a lover who had left because that person "needed to be free" and "had some things to work out alone," and the narrator's reaction to that return, with the lover claiming they had "grown:"
...When I can look at you without crying,You might look like a friend of mine.But I don't know if I canOpen up enough to let you in.Here come those tears again.The song concludes with an apparently final rejection of the lover:I'm going back inside and turning out the light,And I'll be in the dark, but you'll be out of sight.
John Hall of Orleans plays the guitar solo, although the arrangement is dominated by Billy Payne's piano and Mike Utley's organ, as well as Bonnie Raitt and Rosemary Butler's harmonizing backup vocals. Tim Powers from Waltham, Mass. and a voice talent for WBCN Boston just happened to be in the studio when the song was recorded and was asked to play drums when the studio drummer never appeared for the session. Producer Jon Landau is credited in the album credits with "random notes."
Reception
Billboard Magazine described "Here Come Those Tears Again" as a "archetypal love-lost adult ballad" and praised Browne's vocal performance and the "memorable" melody in the chorus. Cash Box said that "Browne's lyric explores frustration in love, through some memorable turns of melody."
Chart positions
Notes
1976 songs
1977 singles
1970s ballads
Asylum Records singles
Jackson Browne songs
Rock ballads
Songs written by Jackson Browne
Songs inspired by deaths
The Connecticut Brakettes is a women's fastpitch softball team based in Stratford, Connecticut. The team has won many states, regional, national, and international tournaments (28 ).
History
The team was founded in 1947 by William S. Simpson as the Raybestos Girl All-Stars. Over the years the team name has changed to Raybestos Brakettes (1948), Hi-Ho Brakettes, Stratford Brakettes, or Connecticut Brakettes (2006). The Brakette name is derived from the main product of the Raybestos plant in Stratford which produced brake linings for automobiles and trucks.
In 2006 the Brakettes fielded two teams. The Connecticut Brakettes were members of National Pro Fastpitch (NPF), finishing second in the regular season with a record of 27–15. In the NPF championship game, the Connecticut Brakettes lost to the fourth place New England Riptide 2–0. In 2006 they also fielded the Stratford Brakettes in the Amateur Softball Association (ASA). They won the 2006 women's major fastpitch tournament held in Amherst, New York.
The Brakettes dropped out of the NPF league in 2007 but still competes as an amateur team in the women's major division of the Amateur Softball Association (ASA).
Highlights of the Brakettes' seasons include:
Players
Notable Brakette players have included:
Shirley Topley (born April 14, 1934) played 1963–1964 with the Brakettes, coached the Orange, California Lionettes, was inducted into the national hall of fame in 1981.
E. Louise "Lou" Albrecht (born November 19, 1934) played 1969 with the Brakettes, was inducted to the national hall of fame in 1985.
Rosemary "Micki" Macchietto Stratton (born July 12, 1938) played 1956–1965 and was elected to the national hall of fame in 1969.
Joan Joyce (born 1940) played 1954–1963 and 1967–1975 (19 seasons) for the Brakettes, was inducted into the National Softball Hall of Fame and Museum in 1983, the International Softball Federation Hall of Fame in 1999, and has been coach of the Florida Atlantic University softball team since its founding.
Billie Moore (born May 5, 1943) played 1969–1972 with the Brakettes, went on to become an accomplished Olympic and college basketball coach.
Donna Lopiano (born 1946) played 1965–1972 with the Brakettes, also played at the first ISF Women's World Championship in Melbourne, Australia in 1965. Inducted to the Hall of Fame in 1983.
Sharron Backus (born February 12, 1946) played 1969–1975 with the Brakettes, was inducted to the national hall of fame in 1985, and was head coach of softball at UCLA from 1975 to 1997 which included 9 wins of the Women's College World Series.
Bertha Ragan Tickey played 1956–1968 with the Brakettes, was inducted into the national hall of fame in 1972.
Peggy Kellers (born March 19, 1948) played 1964–1974 for the Brakettes, was softball coach at the University of Virginia 1993–1997, and was inducted to the National Hall of Fame in 1986.
Patty Harrison played 1964–1972 with the Brakettes, was inducted into the national hall of fame in 1976.
Kathryn "Sis" King played 1965–1967 with the Brakettes, was inducted into the national hall of fame in 1975.
Wiltraud "Willie" Roze (born November 8, 1948) played 1965–1975 and was elected to the national hall of fame in 1985.
Rose Marie "Rosie" Adams (born August 22, 1951) played 1971–1974 and was elected to the national hall of fame in 1987.
Sue Tomko (born July 1953) played 1971–1974
Barabara Reinalda (born February 13, 1957) played 1976–1994 with the Brakettes, was inducted into the national hall of fame in 1999.
Dot Richardson (born 1961) played 1984–1994 for the Brakettes then went on to win a gold medal in the 1996 Olympic games, and was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2006.
Sheila Cornell-Douty (born 1962) played 1988–1994 for the Brakettes then went on to win gold medals in the 1996 and 2000 Olympic games, and was inducted into the National Hall of Fame in 2006, and the ISF Hall of Fame in 2007.
Diane "Schuie" Schumacher played 1976–1986 with the Brakettes, was the head coach of the Netherlands women's national softball team in 1987, was inducted into the national hall of fame in 1992 and the ISF hall of fame in 1993.
Gina Vecchione (born 1965) played 1978–1989, has coached at UCLA, UC Berkeley, and Oregon State University; was inducted into the national hall of fame in 1997.
Kathy Arendsen played 1978–1992 was elected to the national hall of fame in 1996 and the ISF hall of fame and the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame both in 2003.
Pat Dufficy played 1977–1983, 1985–1995, 1997 (19 seasons) with the Brakettes, was inducted into the national hall of fame in 2005.
Lisa Fernandez (born 1971) played in the 1990 through 1994 seasons with the Brakettes, three time Olympic gold medalist.
Courtney Blades (born 1978) pitched one 5 game tournaments in 2000, including a perfect game.
Kelly Kretschman (born 1979) played in the 2003 and 2006 seasons.
Cat Osterman (born 1983) played in the 2001, 2002, and 2005 seasons.
Andrea Duran (born 1984) played in the 2006 season and went on to win a gold medal in the 2006 ISF World Championship and a silver medal in the 2008 Olympics.
Katie Burkhart (born 1986) played in the 2007 season.
Coaches
Brakette coaches have included:
Bernie Kaplan 1947–1956 seasons
Vin Cullen 1957–1961
Vincent "Wee" Devitt (April 10, 1912 – March 17, 1988) Brakette manager 1962–1967, also Raybestos Cardinal manager and National Softball Hall of Fame and Museum member.
Ralph Raymond 1968–1994 – two-time Olympic team coach (1996, 2000) and Hall of Fame manager
John Stratton 1995–present
Stadia
The Brakettes played from 1947 through 1987 at Raybestos Memorial Field near the center of the town of Stratford. In 1974 Raybestos Memorial hosted the ISF Women's World Championship in which the United States beat Japan for the gold medal. Starting in the 1988 season they played at a field that was originally built in 1966 and has been known as Avco Lycoming Field, Textron Lycoming Field, AlliedSignal Field, and was renamed Frank DeLuca Hall of Fame Field in 1997. Frank "Hooks" DeLuca was a pitcher for the men's slowpitch team sponsored by Avco Lycoming in Stratford who was inducted into the National Softball Hall of Fame in 1974. In addition to the Brakettes, DeLuca Field is home to the Stratford Breakers and Stratford Seahawks softball teams, the Stratford High School girls' softball team, the Stratford Police Athletic League girls' softball teams, the Men's Industrial Slow Pitch League, and the
Stratford Recreation Department Slow Pitch League games.
References
External links
Connecticut Brakettes
Frank DeLuca Hall of Fame Field is at
Softball teams
Stratford, Connecticut
Sport clubs established in 1947
Sports teams in Connecticut
1947 establishments in Connecticut
William Henry Hill (March 23, 1876 in Plains, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania – July 24, 1972 in Binghamton, Broome County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life
Hill graduated from high school at Binghamton, New York. From 1898 to 1921, he was editor and publisher of the Record in the neighboring city of Lestershire (renamed Johnson City in 1916). He was Mayor of Lestershire from 1898 to 1901; and Postmaster of Lestershire from 1902 to 1910.
Hill was a member of the New York State Senate (39th D.) from 1915 to 1918, sitting in the 138th, 139th, 140th and 141st New York State Legislatures.
Hill was elected as a Republican to the 66th United States Congress, holding office from March 4, 1919, to March 3, 1921.
He served as a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1924, 1928, 1932, 1940, and 1944.
He was appointed as a member of the New York State Parks Commission by Governor Smith in 1925 and elected chairman in 1933. He was Chairman of the New York Hoover-for-President Committee in 1928; Vice Chairman of the Republican Campaign Committee in the East in 1932; a Trustee of Syracuse University; and a member of the Republican executive committee of the State of New York; and continued to publish newspapers until 1960.
He died on July 24, 1972, in Binghamton, New York; and was buried at the Riverhurst Cemetery in Endicott, New York.
Sources
1876 births
1972 deaths
Politicians from Binghamton, New York
New York (state) state senators
People from Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Sharifabad Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,878, in 2,368 families. The rural district has 11 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pakdasht County
La Sanie des siècles – Panégyrique de la dégénérescence (which roughly translates as "The Sanies of the Centuries – Ode to Degeneration", "sanies" being "a thin greenish foul-smelling discharge from a wound, ulcer, etc., containing pus and blood" according to the Collins English Dictionary) is the debut album by French black metal band Peste Noire.
Background
The majority of the album is based on tracks which were previously featured on Peste Noire demos (all written and recorded by La sale Famine de Valfunde on his own equipment). For La Sanie des siècles – Panégyrique de la dégénérescence these demo tracks were rerecorded in Rosenkrantz studio with a full line-up (Indria as bassist and Winterhalter as drummer) Famine had recruited.
This album still features the same raw sound of Peste Noire's demos, but was substantially cleaned up in terms of listenability. The music still falls into the category of black metal, but manages to go above and beyond this label through sprawling tracks that maintain their momentum over the course of 5 to 11 minutes. Famine also used a lot of samples in his music – taken from a variety of sources – in order to construct the twisted, mysterious atmosphere that the final product holds. Also still in place are Famine's guitar work. Neige, who was PN's session drummer on the demos, was no longer a member of Peste Noire when La Sanie des siècles was recorded, however he was featured on "Nous sommes fanés" and "Des médecins malades et des saints séquestrés" as a session drummer (only), because basically these two songs are old demo tracks which were not rerecorded in the studio session for La Sanie des siècles. They are bonus tracks, present in their demo version on the album.
Famine put things straight when he stated: "The most absurd idea spread by idiots is that La Sanie des siècles is better because Neige was more involved in its recording and production, yet the fact is that the album was recorded without Neige, in 2005, when I had kicked him out of the band. Neige never had any influence on my music in the slightest way possible; I write everything and I tell people what they must do over MY riffs. This was exactly what happened with Neige, ask him! [...] To claim that Neige is an important figure in PN is the same as saying that the person who plays the triangle in SOPOR AETERNUS AND THE ENSEMBLE OF SHADOWS is the main man in SOPOR."
PN plays a guitar-based style of black metal, which incorporates highly varied songwriting. The riffing and leads have a melodic tinge to them and there is an underlying dark, melancholic feel throughout the album. Due to its incorporation of organ, folk-based guitars, unusual riffs, guitar solos and the use of multiple different types of black metal vocals, La Sanie des siècles – Panégyrique de la dégénérescence received much critical acclaim from both fans and press alike.
Their concept of "turning mud into gold" is showcased in Famine's interview featured in the album's booklet and is materialized by the musicianship of Famine (guitars), Winterhalter (drums), and Indria (bass). In this French-language interview, Famine says Black Metal is all about turning the ugly, the disgusting and the horrible into something beautiful. The 2007 follow-up album Folkfuck Folie will show the consolidation and the deepening of this concept.
According to Famine, the overall themes running through La Sanie des siècles are "a parallel between mediaeval and modern apocalypse; the decline of the current world and the desire to see it die out since it cannot be saved; vengeance and the fantasized return of our Own (our Own: a fallen nobility socially, psychically and physiologically humiliated). Annihilating the world which has annihilated us. It invites people to do so."
All the songs, lyrics and solos on La Sanie des siècles – Panégyrique de la dégénérescence were written by La sale Famine de Valfunde exclusively except lyrics of "Le mort joyeux" and "Spleen" by Charles Baudelaire and "Dueil Angoisseus" by Christine de Pizan. All artwork and concept imagined by La sale Famine de Valfunde.
Sales and releases
This record was limited to 2,000 pieces during its first cycle of pressing but quickly sold-out due to the growth in the band's fanbase, in 2008 it was repressed by Transcendental Creations.
A limited vinyl version co-produced by De profundis éditions and Finnish label Ahdistuksen Aihio Productions was released in August 2009.
Track listing
Credits
La Sanie des siècles – Panégyrique de la dégénérescence studio session:
La Sale Famine de Valfunde – guitars, vocals, bass (on "Phalènes et pestilence – Salvatrice averse"), all songs, solos, lyrics (except lyrics taken from Baudelaire and Christine de Pisan)
Indria – bass
Winterhalter – drums
On bonus demo tracks:
Neige – organ and drums (on "Nous sommes fanés" and "Des médecins malades et des saints séquestrés"), short guest vocal appearance (on tracks "Retour de flamme (Hooligan Black Metal)" and "Dueil angoisseus"), bass (on "Des médecins malades et des saints séquestrés")
References
External links
Interview with La sale Famine de Valfunde of the French Black Metal band Peste Noire, Diabolical Conquest: Underground Extreme Metal Webzine, USA, August 12 2009
Interview with La sale Famine de Valfunde of the French Black Metal band Peste Noire, Zero Tolerance Magazine, United Kingdom, Issue 014, October 31 2006"
Remarks on the Politics of Black Metal: Peste Noire, by Dr Benjamin Noys (University of Chichester, England). Paper presented in absentia at the Hideous Gnosis Black Metal Theory Symposium in Brooklyn (USA), 12 December 2009
Complete Peste Noire lyrics
Northern Heritage Productions
Contact/De Profundis distribution
Transcendental Creations
Peste Noire albums
2006 albums
Haseena Maan Jaayegi () is a 1999 Indian Hindi-language comedy film directed by David Dhawan. It stars Govinda, Sanjay Dutt, Karisma Kapoor and Pooja Batra, with Anupam Kher, Kader Khan, Aruna Irani, and Paresh Rawal in supporting. The film is thematically inspired by the 1966 film Pyar Kiye Jaa and went on to become the fifth-highest-grossing Hindi film of 1999. It is often regarded as being amongst Govinda's greatest performances and he won many awards for his role as Monu. Pyar Kiye Ja itself is a remake of the 1964 Tamil classic film Kadhalikka Neramillai which had been remade as the Telugu film Preminchi Choodu (1965), the Hindi film Pyar Kiye Jaa (1966), and the Kannada film Preethi Madu Thamashe Nodu (1979).
Plot
Amirchand is the ill-fated father of two mischievous sons—Sonu and Monu. Both of them are always up to one prank or another, most of them aimed at stealing money from Amirchand.
In the opening scene, they call up their father, acting like gangsters, and ask for a huge sum if he wants to live. The plan fails as Amirchand turns out to be the driver of the taxi in which they were escaping. Later, they fix up the marriage of their father with Shakuntala and take one lakh rupees as advance dowry from her brother Jamnadas. This plan also fails as Amirchand refuses to entertain Jamnadas and his sister.
Amirchand warns their sons to become serious towards life if they want to live in his home. He asks Monu to join office and Sonu to go to Goa for claiming some money he had lent to someone. Whereas Monu plays another prank by calling up a girls' hostel and flirting with Ritu, Sonu mistakenly goes to one Gulzarilal Verma for claiming the money, where he meets Pooja. Both Ritu and Pooja are Gulzarilal's daughters.
Sonu and Monu fall in love with Pooja and Ritu, respectively. Sonu calls up Monu to come to Goa, disguised as his Uncle for fixing up his and Pooja's marriage. This leads to a series of confusions as Gulzarilal's sister Santho also falls in love with Monu (disguised as Uncle).
To get rid of the problem, Sonu and Monu throw a dummy of the Uncle from top of a cliff, only to land up getting arrested for killing the non-existent uncle. Amirchand learns of this and reaches Goa with his assistant Kunj Bihari. In favour of the story's and Sonu and Monu's fate, Amirchand and Gulzarilal turn out to be long lost friends. Together they set out towards the nearest police station when they get kidnapped by a Bhai. Sonu and Monu escape from the lockup with Bhootnath's help and rescue their father and father-in-law-to-be, thus proving to be worthy sons.
Cast
Sanjay Dutt as Sonu
Govinda as Monu
Karishma Kapoor as Ritu Verma
Pooja Batra as Pooja Verma
Kader Khan as Amirchand
Paresh Rawal as Bhootnath
Satish Kaushik as Kunj Bihari
Aruna Irani as Santho Verma
Anupam Kher as Gulzarilal Verma
Ashish Vidyarthi as Bhai (gangster)
Aasif Sheikh as Pritam Nath
Razak Khan as Bhai's henchman
Mohan Joshi as Prem Nath
Pushpa Verma as Premnath's wife
Bindu as Shakuntala, (guest appearance)
Asrani as Jamnadas, (guest appearance)
Shakti Kapoor as Himself
Anil Dhawan as Police Commissioner
Mahavir Shah as Goa's Police Inspector
Soundtrack
Trivia
In the beginning of the film, Sonu and Monu are in a restaurant and don't have money to pay the bill. Monu picks the pocket of Shakti Kapoor for his wallet and then tries to keep it back but his hand gets stuck. This scene is taken from The Return of Mr. Bean, an episode from the Mr. Bean television series. This scene is repeated in the movie Dhamaal.
The lead actress Karisma Kapoor's mother, Babita, and great uncle, Shashi Kapoor, also starred in a movie of the same name.
Awards
45th Filmfare Awards:
Won
Best Comedian – Govinda
Nominated
Best Music Director – Anu Malik
1st IIFA Awards:
Nominated
Best Actor – Govinda
Best Supporting Actress – Aruna Irani
Best Comedian – Anupam Kher
Best Music Director – Anu Malik
See also
List of Indian comedy films
References
External links
1990s Hindi-language films
1999 films
Films directed by David Dhawan
Films scored by Anu Malik
Films scored by Aadesh Shrivastava
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
blackSUMMERS'night is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer and songwriter Maxwell. He produced most of the record with longtime collaborator and multi-instrumentalist Hod David; two songs were also co-produced by Stuart Matthewman. The album was released on July 1, 2016, by Columbia Records and charted at number three on the Billboard 200 while garnering widespread acclaim from critics.
Background
blackSUMMERS'night was Maxwell's first record in seven years, following 2009's BLACKsummers'night, which was the first in a planned trilogy of albums whose names were distinguished by the capitalization of letters in one phrase of the same title. Maxwell told The Wall Street Journal in June 2016 that the trilogy is "loosely based on the concept of a night out for a woman named Black Summers". He produced most of blackSUMMERS'night with longtime collaborator Hod David.
Release and promotion
blackSUMMERS'night was released by Columbia Records on July 1, 2016. In its first week of release, the album charted at number three on the Billboard 200 and sold 59,000 album-equivalent units, 57,000 of which were entire copies of the record. It became the fourth album of Maxwell's career to reach the top 10 of the chart.
To promote the album, "Lake by the Ocean" was released on April 8, 2016, as the lead single. On June 3, a lyric video for the song "1990x" was released. Maxwell also toured the United States in support of the album, performing 29 concert dates from June to August.
Critical reception
blackSUMMERS'night was met with widespread critical acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 86, based on 15 reviews.
Reviewing the album in the Los Angeles Times, Lorraine Ali found it charming and evocative while describing Maxwell as a "transcendent", multi-dimensional singer. Jim Farber from Entertainment Weekly said the record "exudes enough confidence to let his heart show and to let his music grow in any direction his muse demands" while offering "fresh textures to familiar soul sounds". In the opinion of Rolling Stones Joe Levy, "the music evokes a tradition disappearing before our eyes – the spiritualized eroticism of Prince, the jazzy soul extensions of Earth, Wind and Fire – without ever being of it." In The Guardian, Dave Simpson called it "a classy comeback collection of anguished R&B".
Paul Mardles was less enthusiastic in The Observer, suggesting the record lacked memorable songs and innovative sounds; apart from funky songs such as "Lake by the Ocean", blackSUMMERS'night makes Maxwell, "in the era of Frank Ocean, look like the yesterday's man of R&B", Madles wrote. Jim Carroll of The Irish Times also found the music relatively "old-fashioned" and wrote, "there are far too many moments here when he appears to be relying on that rich, chocolate voice to woo you rather than try something different or risky."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from AllMusic.
Brandon Carter – cinematography
Mark Colenburg – drums
Tom Coyne – mastering
Hod David – bass, drums, guitar, keyboards, piano, production, synthesizer
Jesse Gladstone – engineering
Robert Glasper – keyboards, piano, synthesizer
Keyon Harrold – horn arrangements, trumpet
Derrick Hodge – bass, keyboards, synthesizer
Darryl "Lil Man" Howell – drums
Eric Johnson – photography
Stuart Matthewman – engineering, mixing, production
Maxwell – production, vocals
Randy Merrill – mastering
Shedrick Mitchell – bass, keyboards, organ, piano, synthesizer
Jermaine Parrish – drums
Mike Pela – engineering, mixing, production
Julian Peploe – design
Travis Sayles – bass, drum programming, keyboards, synthesizer
Julian Schratter – multimedia design
Wayne Trevisani – engineering, mixing, production
LaTina Webb – background vocals
Kenneth Whalum III – horn arrangements, saxophone
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Further reading
External links
2016 albums
Maxwell (musician) albums
Sequel albums
Harlem is an American comedy television series created and executive produced by Tracy Oliver. It premiered on Amazon Prime Video on December 3, 2021. In February 2022, the series was renewed for a second season.
Synopsis
The 10-episode series follows four girlfriends who met while attending New York University and are now in their thirties, living in Harlem, as they try to balance love, life, and their careers as working professionals.
Cast
Meagan Good as Camille
Grace Byers as Quinn
Shoniqua Shandai as Angie
Jerrie Johnson as Tye
Tyler Lepley as Ian
Juani Feliz as Isabela
Jonathan Burke as Eric
Kadeem Ali Harris as Brandon
Whoopi Goldberg as Dr. Elise Pruitt
Jasmine Guy as Patricia
Andrea Martin as Robin
Sullivan Jones as Jameson Royce
Robert Ri'chard as Shawn
Kate Rockwell as Anna
Production
The project was first announced on July 8, 2019, as an untitled half-hour comedy series. Filming was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Creator Tracy Oliver said she had the idea for the show because she felt there weren't a lot of "Black female friendship stories on the air," and she wanted to portray people in their thirties who were still searching for their path in life. She based the show in part on her own experiences. The series is executive produced by Oliver, Amy Poehler, Kim Lessing, Dave Becky, Pharrell Williams, and Mimi Valdés.
On January 14, 2020, it was announced that Meagan Good, Grace Byers, Jerrie Johnson, and Shoniqua Shandai had been cast in the series, and that Malcolm D. Lee would direct the first two episodes. On February 17, 2021, it was announced that Whoopi Goldberg and Jasmine Guy would be joining the show in recurring roles. On March 4, 2021, it was announced that Andrea Martin, Robert Ri'chard, Juani Feliz, Kate Rockwell, and Sullivan Jones would also have recurring roles. On February 17, 2022, Amazon renewed the series for a second season.
Episodes
Release
The trailer was released on November 3, 2021. All 10 episodes of the series premiered on Prime Video on December 3, 2021.
Reception
According to the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the series' first season has a 95% approval rating based on 20 critics' reviews, with an average rating of 7/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "Harlem is a delight that is often wise about friendly foibles, aided by a terrific cast whose snappy repartee immediately shines." Metacritic assigned the first season a weighted average score of 77 out of 100 based on 12 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Accolades
References
External links
2020s American black television series
2020s American LGBT-related comedy television series
Amazon Prime Video original programming
2020s American comedy television series
2021 American television series debuts
Harlem in fiction
Television shows set in Manhattan
English-language television shows
Television series by Amazon Studios
Television series by 3 Arts Entertainment
Television series by Paper Kite Productions
Television series by Universal Television
Television productions postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
The Aerospace Museum of California is a private non-profit aviation museum located in North Highlands, California, outside of Sacramento, California, on the grounds of the former McClellan Air Force Base. The museum has a 4.5-acre outdoor Air Park, indoor exhibit space, a classroom, theater, conference room, and gift shop. Featured displays include: authentic military and civilian aircraft, rockets, historic World War II artifacts, objects from the Apollo missions, and an extensive collection of piston and jet engines. The museum preserves the history of the former base while supporting current STEM educational standards through its programming and exhibits.
History
Founded as the Air Force Logistics Museum of the West in 1982, the name of the museum was quickly changed to the McClellan Aviation Museum less than a year later. It was chartered by the National Museum of the United States Air Force. The McClellan Aviation Museum housed a collection of aircraft and other objects associated with the history of aviation. The museum began refurbishing an abandoned building at the base in 1983 and in 1986 it opened to the public. In 1998, the museum was threatened with closure as part of the Base Realignment and Closure process to close McClellan Field. By the end of the base closure process in 2001, the majority of the McClellan Aviation Museum collection were transferred as indefinite loan items from the U.S. Air Force to the newly formed Aerospace Museum of California.
Renaming and new facility
In 2001, it was incorporated as a non-profit organization. Difficulties for the museum continued, as even though the aircraft had been secured, it still had to vacate the land on which it was sitting. To that end, the museum looked to purchase land in Freedom Park nearby. As work continued, the museum hired a new director, announced plans for a new facility, and changed its name to the Aerospace Museum of California in 2005. On 5 January 2007, opened its new Hardie Setzer Pavilion and 4.5 acre Air Park, enabling the museum to expand its displays to feature commercial and private aircraft, as well as aircraft used by all branches of the armed forces.
Mission
The Aerospace Museum of California's mission is "to inspire students to explore, dream and discover STEM through hands-on learning." The museum's goal is to "give 30,000 Sacramento kids a STEM Experience— regardless of socio-economic background". The museum "hopes to inspire our future leaders to pursue a career in future STEM industries", and its vision is "to provide an interactive STEM experience to every child, school and family in the greater Sacramento region."
The museum is focused on current educational standards in science, technology, engineering, and math (S.T.E.M.) topics.
Flight Zone
The museum's Flight Zone houses six independent stations running the X-Plane 11 flight simulators.
Visitors can “pilot” an aircraft using a professional flight simulator under the instruction of experienced flight instructors. This allows visitors to have the opportunity to practice taking off, flying, and landing virtually. The Flight Zone program is designed for students 5th to 12th grade who are interested in learning about and exploring aviation and related fields, and is also available to the general public.
Exhibits
The museum has over 40 aircraft in its collection from a fully restored Fairchild PT-19 to one of the last Grumman F-14D Tomcats retired from U.S. Navy service in 2006. In addition to aircraft, the collection includes many other historic artifacts relating to Sacramento's aerospace heritage. It also houses an extensive collection of historic aircraft engines. These include examples ranging from World War I-era Gnome and Rhone rotary piston engines, large radial piston engines, and jet engines. The latter include a I-16 (1940, Whittle design), J57 #35 (1952), and J58 turbojet, used on the SR-71 Blackbird. The museum features an art gallery containing more than 50 original works, many from the Air Force Art Collection and the United States Coast Guard Art Collection.
Collection
Aircraft on display
Engines on display
See also
List of aerospace museums
McClellan Air Force Base
Gallery
References
External links
Aerospace Museum of California
Aerospace Museum of California post on AirMuseumGuide.com
California Aerospace Academy
Aerospace museums in California
Military and war museums in California
Museums in Sacramento County, California
Smithsonian Institution affiliates
1986 establishments in California
Museums established in 1986
Elizabeth Phillips Austin, (; 14 August 1821 — 2 September 1910), was an Australian pioneer and philanthropist, who endowed hospitals in the state of Victoria.
Life
Austin was born at Middle Chinnock, Somerset, England to parents, Robert Harding, yeoman farmer, and his wife Mary, née Phillips. Alongside her brother, William, they took passage to Port Phillip District, Australia in 1841 and squatted land near Winchelsea.
On 14 August 1845 she married Thomas Austin who had also migrated from Somerset. They had eleven children with three dying in infancy. They were successful in sheep farming and owned several 'runs' becoming a notable family of the district. They received a visit from the Duke of Edinburgh to their homestead in 1867. Reportedly the Austins had felt embarrassed by this visit and felt they needed a grander home for hosting guests. In 1869-71 they built a mansion at Barwon Park, designed by Davidson & Henderson. Only months later, Thomas died and Austin continued to reside at the mansion until her death.
Philanthropist
After witnessing the death of a servant from an incurable disease, Austin offered £6,000 from her inheritance towards the setting up of a hospital for 'Incurables' in Melbourne. The Austin Hospital for Incurables was opened on 21 January 1882 and in 1892, with her continued financial support, a children's ward was established. She supported this institution for the rest of her life and created similar hospitals in other parts of Victoria.
In celebration of the Queen Victoria's jubilee in 1887, Austin founded the Austin Homes for Women at South Geelong. Along with many local charities she gave funds to the Servants' Training Institute, St Thomas's Church, Winchelsea, the Ladies' Benevolent Society. Shortly before her death she gave a cheque of 100 guineas for the Geelong King Edward Memorial Clock fund.
Death & Legacy
Austin died on 2 September 1910 at Winchelsea. She had a civic funeral and was buried in Geelong cemetery in a French Gothic designed vault.
References
1821 births
1910 deaths
Australian women philanthropists
Australian philanthropists
Australian farmers
People from Victoria (Australia)
People from South Somerset (district)
19th-century Australian women
20th-century Australian women
19th-century philanthropists
People from Winchelsea
Elizabeth Ann Clark (September 27, 1938 – September 7, 2021) was a professor of the John Carlisle Kilgo professorship of religion at Duke University. She was notable for her work in the field of Patristics, and the teaching of ancient Christianity in US higher education. Clark expanded the study of early Christianity and was a strong advocate for women, pioneering the application of modern theories such as feminist theory, social network theory, and literary criticism to ancient sources.
Early life
Clark was born in Port Chester, New York, in 1938. She moved to Delhi, New York, when she was nine. She attended high school there and subsequently described her education in history as 'dismal'. She received a state scholarship and attended Vassar College, where she received her BA in Religion in 1960. Clark was taught history by Mildred Campbell, Mary Martin McLaughlin, and J. B. Ross, and Religion by Jack Glasse. Clark received her MA and PhD from Columbia University in 1962 and 1965.
As a graduate student, Clark studied Early Christianity alongside philosophy, including a course run by Paul Oskar Kristeller on Hellenic philosophy after Aristotle. Clark described Kristeller as 'the most learned scholar I have ever known'. Clark's doctoral thesis was The Influence of Aristotelian Thought on Clement of Alexandria: A Study in Philosophical Transmission, written under the direction of the faculty of Union Theological Seminary.
Career
In 1964, Clark founded the Department of Religion at Mary Washington College (now part of the Department of Classics, Philosophy, and Religion at the University of Mary Washington) in Fredericksburg, Virginia. She held the position of the Chair of the Department 1979–82. In 1982, Clark was appointed a Professor of Religion at Duke University, where she subsequently worked for forty years. She founded the Center for Late Ancient Studies at Duke in 1986. At the time of her appointment in the College of Arts and Sciences, the faculty numbered around 500; only four women held the rank of full professor.
Clark held a fellowship at the National Humanities Center, North Carolina, 2001–02. Clark was awarded an honorary degree by Uppsala University in 2001. She was given the shell of the cannon that was fired during the ceremony as a memento. Clark received an honorary degree from Yale University in 2013. Clark has served on the boards of many academic journals, including Signs: Journal of Women in Culture and Society. She helped to launch and co-edited the Journal of Early Christian Studies. Clark was a prolific writer, authoring or editing thirteen books and over seventy articles. Her research has focused on Augustine, John Chrysostom, Origen, social networks, early ascetic practices, and women in the early church. Clark retired from Duke in 2014 as the John Carlisle Kilgo Professor. She remained on the board of the Center for Late Ancient Studies at Duke. Reflecting on her career, Clark observed that it was 'rather eclectic': 'I branched into byways as well as highways, stumbled into enterprises for which neither my background nor graduate school had prepared me.'
Recognition and awards
Clark has served as president of the American Academy of Religion (1990), the American Society of Church History (1987), and the North American Patristics Society (1989). She was responsible for launching the Journal of Early Christian Studies, a flagship journal in the field of Patristics, early Christianity, and late ancient studies. She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1988. She has been the recipient of grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the American Council of Learned Societies. In 2003, she received the Distinguished Career Award from the American Society of Church History. In 2006 she was awarded the Distinguished Service Award of the North American Patristic Society.
Clark's critical influence is demonstrated in the two Festschriften published in her honor: the first, The Cultural Turn in Late Ancient Studies (2005) edited by Dale Martin and Patricia Cox Miller; the second edited by C. M. Chin and Caroline T. Schroeder: Melania: Early Christianity through the Life of One Family (2017). In 2018, Duke University renamed the Center for Late Ancient Studies as the Elizabeth A. Clark Center for Late Ancient Studies, "in honor of Dr. Clark's career and leadership in the field."
Clark has served as dissertation adviser for a number of leading scholars in the field. For her support of young scholars, especially her commitment to support women and others who have not traditionally been represented in the academy, Clark was awarded the Dean's award for Excellence in Mentoring.
Her most recent book, The Fathers Refounded, was described as 'a truly brilliant book, massively researched, beautifully written, often witty, and rich with insight'.
Death
Clark died on 7 September 2021. Flags were lowered at Duke University as a result.
Activism
Clark was involved with the women's movement from the late 1960s, co-founding the Fredericksburg chapter of National Organization for Women (NOW).
Select bibliography
Books, translations, and edited volumes
Clement's Use of Aristotle: The Aristotelian Contribution to Clement of Alexandria's Refutation of Gnosticism (Lewiston, New York: Edwin Mellen Press, 1977)
The Golden Bough, The Oaken Cross: The Virgilian Cento of Faltonia Betitia Proba, translation and commentary co-authored with D. Hatch (Chicago: Scholars Press, 1981)
Jerome, Chrysostom, and Friends: Essays and Translations (Lewiston, New York: Edwin Mellen Press, 1982)
Women in the Early Church (Wilmington: M. Glazier, 1983)
'Introduction', On Virginity; Against Remarriage, translated by S. R. Shore (Lewiston, New York: Edwin Mellen Press, 1983) vii-xlii
The Life of Melania, the Younger: Introduction, Translation, and Commentary (Lewiston, New York: Edwin Mellen Press, 1984)
Ascetic Piety and Women's Faith: Essays on Late Ancient Christianity (Lewiston, New York: Edwin Mellen Press, 1986)
Sisters and Workers in the Middle Ages, co-edited with J. M. Bennett et al. (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1989)
The Origenist Controversy: The Cultural Construction of an Early Christian Debate (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1992)
Women and Religion: The Original Sourcebook of Women in Christian Thought, edited by E. A. Clark and H. Richardson, with assistant editors G. Brower and R. Styers (San Francisco: Harper San Francisco, 1996)
St. Augustine on Marriage and Sexuality, edited by E. A. Clark (Washington: Catholic University of America Press, 1996)
Reading Renunciation: Asceticism and Scripture in Early Christianity (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1999)
History, Theory, Text: Historians and the Linguistic Turn (Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, 2004)
Founding the Fathers: Early Church History and Protestant Professors in Nineteenth-Century America (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2011)
The Fathers Refounded. Protestant Liberalism, Roman Catholic Modernism, and the Teaching of Ancient Christianity in Early Twentieth-Century America (Pennsylvania: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2019)
Articles and book chapters
'John Chrysostom and the "Subintroductae"', Church History, vol. 46, no. 2 (1977) 171-85
'Jesus as Hero in the Vergilian "Cento" of Faltonia Betitia Proba', Vergilius, E. A. Clark and D. F. Hatch, no. 27 (1981) 31-9
'Ascetic Renunciation and Feminine Advancement: A Paradox of Late Ancient Christianity', Anglican Theological Review 6 (1981) 240-57
'Claims on the Bones of Saint Stephen: The Partisans of Melania and Eudocia', Church History, vol. 51, no. 2 (1982) 141-56
'"Adam's Only Companion": Augustine and the Early Christian Debate on Marriage', Recherches Augustiniennes, 21 (1986) 139-62
'The Place of Jerome's Commentary on Ephesians in the Origenist Controversy: The Apokatastasis and Ascetic Ideals', Vigiliae Christianae, vol. 41, no. 2 (1987) 154-71
'Foucault, The Fathers, and Sex', Journal of the American Academy of Religion, vol. 56, no. 4 (1988) 619-41
'Theory and Practice in Late Ancient Asceticism: Jerome, Chrysostom, and Augustine', Journal of Feminist Studies in Religion, vol. 5, no. 2 (1989) 25-46
'New Perspectives on the Origenist Controversy: Human Embodiment and Ascetic Strategies', Church History, vol. 59, no. 2 (1990) 145-62
'1990 Presidential Address: Sex, Shame, and Rhetoric: En-Gendering Early Christian Ethics', Journal of the American Academy of Religion, vol. 59, no. 2 (1991) 221-45
'Elite Networks and Heresy Accusations: Towards a Social Description of the Origenist Controversy', Semeia 56 (1991) 81-117
'Ideology, History, and the Construction of "Woman" in Late Ancient Christianity', Journal of Early Christian Studies, 2 (1994) 155-84
'Sane Insanity: Women and Asceticism in Late Ancient Christianity', Medieval Encounters, Vol. 3, Issue 3 (1997) 211 – 230
'The Lady Vanishes: Dilemmas of a Feminist Historian after the "Linguistic Turn', Church History, vol. 67, no. 1 (1998) 1-31
'Holy Women, Holy Words: Early Christian Women, Social History, and the "Linguistic Turn"', Journal of Early Christian Studies 6 (1998) 413-30
'Introduction', Church History, vol. 69, no. 2 (2000) 277-80
'Women, Gender, and the Study of Christian History',Church History, vol. 70, no. 3 (2001) 395-426
'Engaging Bruce Lincoln', Method & Theory in the Study of Religion, vol. 17, no. 1 (2005) 11-17
'The Celibate Bridegroom and His Virginal Brides: Metaphor and the Marriage of Jesus in Early Christian Ascetic Exegesis', Church History, vol. 77, no. 1 (2008) 1-25
'From Patristics to Early Christian Studies', Oxford Handbook of Early Christianity, edited by S. Ashbrook Harvey and D. Hunter (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2008) 7-41
'Postcolonial Theory and the Study of Christian History Introduction', Church History, vol. 78, no. 4 (2009) 847-8
'The Retrospective Self', The Catholic Historical Review 101.1 (2015) vi-27
References
External links
Elizabeth A. Clark, Duke University
1938 births
2021 deaths
American classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Columbia University alumni
Duke University faculty
Presidents of the American Society of Church History
People from Port Chester, New York
Patristic scholars
Vassar College alumni
Academic journal editors
Ammon Brown (January 15, 1798 – May 19, 1882) was an American politician who served two terms in the Michigan House of Representatives. He was also instrumental in forming the Wayne County, Michigan, poorhouse and asylum later known as Eloise, and served as its first keeper.
Biography
Ammon Brown was born in Dutchess County, New York, on January 15, 1798. He moved to Wayne County, New York, and then to Wayne County, Michigan, in 1824, where he settled in Nankin Township. He was originally a teacher, but took up farming in Michigan.
Brown was a Democrat, and was a delegate to the state's first constitutional convention in 1835 as well as the first convention of assent that rejected the terms of statehood proposed by the United States Congress. He served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1835 to 1837, and was again a delegate to the state constitutional convention of 1850. He was elected auditor of Wayne County in 1847 and served for four years.
Brown was supervisor of Nankin Township from 1835 to 1837 and again in 1843 and from 1847 to 1849. In 1838, as the county's superintendent of the poor, he was instrumental in moving the county poorhouse from its derelict building near Detroit to a location in Nankin Township, which later became known as Eloise. He served as the asylum's first keeper, though he did not live on the premises. He moved to the village of Wayne, Michigan, in 1854, was its first treasurer after it was officially organized in 1869, and served as its president in 1870.
Brown died in Wayne on May 19, 1882.
Notes
References
1798 births
1882 deaths
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Democrats
Delegates to the 1835 Michigan Constitutional Convention
19th-century American politicians
A trucker hat, mesh cap or netback cap is a type of baseball cap. It is also sometimes known as a "gimme [as in 'give me'] cap" or a "feed cap" because this style of hat originated during the 1970s as a promotional give-away from U.S. feed or farming supply companies to farmers, truck drivers, or other rural workers.
Description
From the 1930s until the 1960s, truckers were provided with a type of peaked cap known as a Mechanic's cap. This often bore the logo of the haulage company, and was later adopted by the 1950s greaser subculture. By the early 1970s, this cap had been replaced with the modern five piece mesh trucker hats, which were given away at truck stops by companies like Mountain Dew, Dekalb, Budweiser, Shell oil, or John Deere to advertise their products.
The design of a trucker cap is similar to that of a baseball cap, with a slightly curved bill in front, a cap constructed from six almost triangular gores, and a button on top. Instead of being made of cotton fabric like a typical baseball cap, the front section of a trucker hat above the bill is foam, and the rest is plastic mesh for breathability. The foam front of the hat stands up straight and stiff, which makes the trucker hat taller than most baseball caps. There is an adjustable plastic snap or hook-and-loop closure in the back to ensure that one size fits most. This design was intended to make the cap much cooler in the sun or hot weather for the comfort of the wearer.
The original feed caps bore company logos on the front foam section of the cap, either printed or as a patch sewn on. These companies typically had a rural clientele, such as the local feed store or John Deere tractors. Trucker-style hats can now be found with other pictures, logos, flags, camouflage, or humorous sayings on the front. Trucker hats are still available as promotional items.
21st century trend
In the early 2000s, the trucker hat became a mainstream fashion trend, predominantly among suburban American youth associated with the hip-hop, pop punk and skater subcultures. This came about with a sense of irony due to the hat's rural or blue collar association and typically older demographic. It has frequently been donned by celebrities; musician Pharrell Williams and actor Ashton Kutcher in particular helped make the hat fashionable. However, in a 2008 interview with Fashion Rocks magazine, singer Justin Timberlake claimed that, while Kutcher has been cited for popularizing the trucker hat, Timberlake had been wearing them since the age of seventeen. The trucker hat trend was lampooned in the King of the Hill episode "Grand Theft Arlen", in which teenagers confuse Hank Hill by asking where he bought his Strickland Propane cap and questioning its irony.
Comedian Judah Friedlander is known for his signature trucker hats, which bear various humorous phrases. Having worn trucker hats since the 1980s, Friedlander claims a fondness for them and has ignored any rejecting or embracing fashion trends surrounding the hats throughout the decades. In a 2007 interview, he stated:
I was never into anything trendy. If I'm ever doing something that happens to be trendy, it's probably a coincidence and I don't even realize it's trendy. Just a note: I've been making and wearing trucker hats for years—since the '80s actually, when those were pretty much the only kind of hats you could get. I remember about 10 years ago, people used to make fun of me for wearing trucker style hats. And then when they became trendy a couple years ago, those same people came up to me and said shyly, 'Uhm, where do you get your hats? I need to get some.' Years ago, some people used to get angry with me for wearing them and someone even called me racist for wearing a trucker hat 'cause I looked like a redneck. I bet now, some people think I'm a loser for wearing them because now they're out of fashion. But you know what, I never wore 'em to be 'in' or trendy or cool. I just like 'em. And I'll be wearing them long after they're a not a trend.
In recent times, many outlaw countries, punk, metal, blues and rock musicians have worn trucker hats on stage and in photographs. This includes Scott H. Biram, Bob Wayne of the Outlaw Carnies, Hank Williams III, Gary Lindsey of Assjack and Black Eyed Vermillion, Zach Shedd of Assjack and Hank III's Damn Band, Shawn "McNasty" McWilliams also of the Damn Band, Patrick Stump of Fall Out Boy, Dave "Shep" Shepherd & "Dixie" Dave Collins of Weedeater, and many others.
Trucker hats are also worn by Early Cuyler from Squidbillies, who wears a different hat in each episode (and sometimes multiple hats within a single episode).
See also
Workwear
Baseball cap
Patrol cap
2000s in American fashion
References
Caps
2000s fashion
1980s fashion
Workwear
Hipster (contemporary subculture)
Working-class culture
Maddi Wheeler is a Canadian ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Wisconsin Badgers in the NCAA.
She captained and played for Napanee District Secondary School Golden Hawks women's varsity team. Leading the team to 3 Kingston Area district championships, 2 Eastern Ontario (EOSAA) titles, and 2 Ontario Federation (OFSAA) tournaments. Her senior season saw the captain lead her team to a KASSA and EOSSA title. While being favorited to win the OFSSA Championship in March of 2019, the seniors season was cut short due to COVID before the tournament began.
Career
Wheeler began playing hockey at the age of three. During high school, she played for the Nepean Jr. Wildcats and then the Kingston Ice Wolves in the Provincial Women's Hockey League.
In 2020, she began attending the University of Wisconsin, playing for the university's women's ice hockey programme. She scored her first collegiate goal in late November 2020, scoring the opening goal two minutes into Wisconsin's first victory of the 2020–21 season.
International career
Wheeler represented Canada at the 2019 and 2020 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship, scoring a total of nine points in ten games, winning gold once and silver once. While playing with a groin injury, she scored the game-winning overtime goal in the 2019 gold medal game against the United States. Wheeler's stellar goal put Hockey Canada's U18 squad on top of the podium for the first time in 5 years In 2020 Wheeler was an assistant captain helping the team secure a silver medal.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Canadian women's ice hockey forwards
Friedland is a municipality in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Leine, approx. 13 km south of Göttingen. Its seat is in the village of Groß Schneen, one of fourteen communities in the municipality. The others are Friedland proper, Ballenhausen, Deiderode, Elkershausen, Klein Schneen, Lichtenhagen, Ludolfshausen, Mollenfelde, Niedergandern, Niedernjesa, Reckershausen, Reiffenhausen and Stockhausen.
Friedland Refugee Camp
In September 1945, the Control Commission for Germany - British Element (CCG/BE) built a camp in Friedland, near the American (Hesse) and Soviet occupation (Thuringia) zones. The camp was designed as the first way station for refugees, evacuees, and returning soldiers. Starting in 1947, the camp was administered by the federal state of Lower Saxony. During the period of mass expulsions from 1944 to 1945, the camp offered services to large waves of refugees. Thereafter, it functioned primarily as a way station for German (or ethnic German) emigrants from Eastern bloc countries, especially from Poland, Romania, and the Soviet Union. Between 1950 and 1987, approximately 1.4 million people of German extraction came to the Federal Republic from the East; more than 60% of these emigrants came from Poland.
Today Friedland is an initial reception center for asylum seekers and refugees from all over the world.
References
Göttingen (district)
Irakli Heorhiyevych Meskhia (; ; born 7 January 1993) is a professional Georgian-born Ukrainian football midfielder.
Meskhia is product of youth team systems of Obolon Kyiv.
Made his debut for Obolon entering as a substituted player in game against Metalurh Donetsk on 24 March 2012 in Ukrainian Premier League.
In January 2013 he signed half-year on loan deal with the Ukrainian Premier League club FC Hoverla, but not played for this team.
On 17 July 2018, he signed a contract with Motor Lublin. On 20 December 2018, his contract was terminated by mutual agreement.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Gali (town)
Association football midfielders
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian people of Georgian descent
FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv players
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
OKS Stomil Olsztyn players
Chojniczanka Chojnice players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Wisła Puławy players
James John O'Hara (born James John Ehrich; December 3, 1925 – January 17, 2002) was a commissioner and then executive secretary for the Minnesota Board of Boxing from 1976 to 2001. When O'Hara was appointed to the Minnesota Board of Boxing, he was a retired light heavyweight amateur and retired professional heavyweight boxer. O'Hara retired from the ring in 1953 with a claim to the Minnesota professional heavyweight title after a win over Don Jasper.
Boxing career
Golden Gloves
O'Hara competed in the Northwest Golden Gloves tournament in 1943, 1944, and 1945 as a light heavyweight. He was 4-F, unfit for military service, due to gout attacks which he suffered all his life.
Over the winter of 1943–1944, O'Hara won the St. Paul Golden Gloves tournament as a light-heavy. He finished runner-up at the Northwest Golden Gloves tournament, having been rated an even chance to win the championship.
During the 1945 Golden Gloves, a rivalry began between O'Hara and Earl Adkinson that followed the fighters into their professional careers. O'Hara and Adkinson fought three times in 1945, with O'Hara never managing the upper hand over Adkinson.
Minnesota State Heavyweight Champion
O'Hara's unanimous decision over Don Jasper on August 27, 1953, gave him a claim to the Minnesota professional heavyweight title, though there was some controversy, as the fight was only six rounds as opposed to ten.
Amateur fight record
Professional fight record
Minnesota Boxing Commissioner
O'Hara was appointed to the Minnesota Board of Boxing in 1976 by Minnesota Governor Wendell Anderson. Soon after, O'Hara was voted by the board to serve as its executive secretary, a paid advisory position, in which capacity he served for 25 years.
"He was a great mediator and diplomat," said Joe Azzone, past Chair of the Boxing Board. "I always thought Jim was the wisest guy I ever met," said international boxing referee Denny Nelson. "He knew how to handle people."
O'Hara was one of four long-term leaders in the history of boxing regulation in Minnesota. The others were George Barton (who served 27 years), Jack Gibbons (19 years), and Scott LeDoux (23 years, including 18 years with O'Hara). A journalist for over 50 years, Barton received in 1952 the James J. Walker Award from the Boxing Writers' Association of New York. Jack Gibbons, the son of boxing legend Mike Gibbons, boxed professionally as a light-heavy and retired with a record of 57 wins (20 by KO), five losses (none by KO), and one draw. Scott LeDoux was a former heavyweight contender in the 1970s and 1980s.
Personal life and death
Mike O'Hara
On November 3, 1951, Jimmy O'Hara's brother and fellow boxer, Michael Ehrich (known as Mike O'Hara), was shot and killed by Bernard L. "Mutt" Martineau. Martineau was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to ten to twenty years in Stillwater prison. After his retirement from the ring, Jimmy helped create a boxing program at Stillwater prison.
John O'Hara
Another brother, John O'Hara, was a professional middleweight boxer with a record of 18 wins, 13 losses, and one draw. John O'Hara reportedly drew with Ronald Reagan in a street fight.
Business
O'Hara made his living as a businessman, partnering with Jerry Hurley as a wholesaler to bars and restaurants.
Cancer
O'Hara died on January 17, 2002, from late-stage bladder cancer.
Legacy
Boxing
O'Hara was inducted into the Minnesota Boxing Hall of Fame in 2014, ultimately being recognized for his work in boxing administration, including 25 years as head of the Minnesota Boxing Board. His commemoration reads, in part:"He was an iconic figure on the streets of St. Paul [Minnesota], a man recognized by countless of his fellow citizens. He was very simply Mr. Boxing."
Upon O'Hara's death in 2002, St. Paul Pioneer Press sportswriter Tom Powers offered this assessment: "O'Hara, as much a part of the fabric of St. Paul as the cathedral or the capitol building, worked with promoters, handlers and fighters, always gently steering them in the right direction. He could tell them where to get proper health insurance as easily as he could recommend a qualified referee.
References
1925 births
2002 deaths
Boxers from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Boxing people
Deaths from bladder cancer
Rajgarh Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. This constituency covers the entire Rajgarh district and parts of Guna and Agar Malwa districts.
Assembly segments
Rajgarh Lok Sabha constituency presently comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha segments:
Members of Parliament
^by poll
Election results
2019 Lok Sabha
1998 Lok Sabha
Lakshman Singh (Congress),
Kailash Joshi (BJP)
1980 Lok Sabha
Pandit, Vasantkumar Ramakrishna (JNP) : 161,299 votes
Mangilal Bhandari (INC-I) : 128,320
See also
Rajgarh, Madhya Pradesh
Rajgarh district
Raigarh, a city formerly in MP, and now in Chhattisgarh State in India
Raigarh district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Rajgarh district
Harvey Curtiss Barnum Jr. (born July 21, 1940) is a former United States Marine Corps officer who received the Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War. He was the fourth Marine to receive the medal for actions in Vietnam. He retired from the Marine Corps in 1989 after more than 27 years of service. Barnum served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Reserve Affairs from July 23, 2001 to January 20, 2009. He also served as Acting Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs) from January 21 to April 30, 2009.
Early life and education
Barnum was born July 21, 1940 in Cheshire, Connecticut. He was president of his Freshman and Senior Class at Cheshire High School, where he also played football and baseball. In high school, he was a member of the Boy Scouts of America, the “C” Club and the Gym Leaders Club. After graduation from high school, he entered Saint Anselm College in Goffstown, New Hampshire.
Marine Corps
At Saint Anselm College, Barnum joined the Marine Corps' Platoon Leaders Class program in November 1958, and attended two summer training sessions, one in 1959 and the other in 1961. In June 1962, he graduated from Saint Anselm College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics. He is a member of the Red Key Society (Rho Kappa Sigma) at Saint Anselm College. Upon graduation, he was commissioned a Marine Reserve second lieutenant.
Second Lieutenant Barnum was ordered to Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, Virginia, where he attended The Basic School until December 1962, when he began the Artillery Officers Orientation Course, graduating in February 1963. He was then ordered overseas and joined Battery A, 1st Battalion, 12th Marines, 3rd Marine Division on Okinawa, Japan. He served first as a forward observer and then as the battalion's liaison officer. In July 1964, he accepted appointment in the regular Marine Corps. Prior to completing his Okinawa tour, he also served as the battalion liaison officer. He was promoted to first lieutenant in December 1964.
In April 1964, Barnum was transferred to the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing and assigned as the wing's Career Advisory and Personal Affairs Officer. During Exercise Steel Pike, a landing exercise in Spain, he served as the wing's Security Officer. Upon returning to the United States from Spain, he was assigned as Officer in Charge, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing Classified Files. Detached in March 1965, he then served as Guard Officer, Marine Barracks, Naval Base Pearl Harbor, Oahu, Hawaii.
From December 1965 until February 1966, Barnum served on temporary duty in Vietnam as an artillery forward observer with Company H, 2nd Battalion, 9th Marines, 3rd Marine Division. During Operation Harvest Moon, Barnum would be awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions on December 18, 1965 — for "conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty". He had taken over command of a rifle company when its commander has been killed in action, and reorganized it for defense and successful evacuation after destroying the enemy.
Barnum was promoted to captain in June 1966, after he returned to Hawaii. From March until August 1967, Barnum attended the Associate Field Artillery Officers Career Course, Fort Sill, Oklahoma. Transferred to Headquarters Marine Corps, he served as Aide-de-Camp for Lieutenant General Lewis William Walt (then the Assistant Chief of Staff for Manpower and subsequently the Assistant Commandant from January 1968 until January 1971).
In October 1968, Barnum returned to South Vietnam where he served as Commanding Officer of Battery E, 2nd Battalion, 12th Marines, 3rd Marine Division. With the 3rd Marine Division redeployment from South Vietnam to Okinawa in September 1969, he remained with that unit until the following October. For his service with the battery in Vietnam, he was awarded the Bronze Star Medal with Combat "V" and Gold Star in lieu of a second award, the Navy Achievement Medal with Combat "V", the Purple Heart for wounds received, the Combat Action Ribbon, and the Vietnamese Gallantry Cross with Silver Star.
Upon his return from Okinawa, Barnum was assigned as a weapons instructor at The Basic School, Marine Corps Development and Education Command, Quantico, where he served until August 1970 at which time he entered the Amphibious Warfare School, graduating in February 1972. He served as Operations Officer, 2nd Battalion, 10th Marines, Camp Lejeune beginning in March 1972, and was promoted to major in May 1972, to lieutenant colonel in December 1978, and to colonel in February 1984. In 1987, he was assigned as Military Secretary to the 29th Commandant of the Marine Corps.
Barnum served as Commanding Officer of 2nd Battalion, Recruit Training Regiment, Parris Island, S.C. from 1979 to 1980. In August 1989, Barnum retired from the Marine Corps after more than 27 years of service.
Later life
Upon retirement Barnum served as the Principal Director, Drug Enforcement Policy, Office of the Secretary of Defense. He also served as past president of the Congressional Medal of Honor Society. Barnum then served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Reserve Affairs, a position he held from July 23, 2001 to January 20, 2008.
Barnum currently serves on the Segs4Vets and on the Pentagon Federal Credit Union Advisory Board. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the Marine Corps Law Enforcement Foundation MCLEF.org, the Americans in Wartime Museum and Medifast. He is also on the board of advisors of the Code of Support Foundation, a nonprofit military services organization.
Barnum received several awards throughout his career to include: Connecticut Man of the Year' 67, Honorary Legum Doctorem St Anselm College; Rotary Paul Harris Fellow; Abe Pollin Leadership Award '03, Marine Corps League "Iron Mike" Award; and Military Order of the Carabao Distinguished Service Award.
Barnum is a member of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts.
Awards and decorations
Barnum's medals include:
Medal of Honor citation
The President of the United States in the name of the Congress takes pride in presenting the Medal of Honor to
for service as set forth in the following Citation:
/S/Lyndon B. Johnson
Legacy
The United States Navy Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer is named in his honor.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War
References
External links
1940 births
People from Cheshire, Connecticut
Living people
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Marine Corps Medal of Honor recipients
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Gallantry Cross (Vietnam)
United States Marine Corps colonels
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Connecticut Republicans
George W. Bush administration personnel
Vietnam War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Saint Anselm College alumni
Military personnel from Connecticut
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Navy
Cheshire High School alumni
Paul Britten Austin (5 April 1922 – 25 July 2005) was an English author, translator, broadcaster, administrator, and scholar of Swedish literature.
He is known in particular for his translations of and books on the Swedish musician, singer and poet Carl Michael Bellman, including his prizewinning book The Life and Songs of Carl Michael Bellman. He also translated books by many other Swedish authors.
Alongside his work on Swedish literature, Austin spent 25 years assembling a trilogy of history books, 1812: Napoleon's Invasion of Russia, telling the story of Napoleon Bonaparte's failed campaign entirely through eyewitness accounts.
Early life
Paul Britten Austin was born in Dawlish, South Devon, England. His parents were the writers Frederick B.A. Britten Austin and Mildred King. He was educated at Winchester College. In 1947 he married Eileen Patricia Roberts, and had one son, Derek Austin, but the marriage was short lived. In 1951, he married the novelist Margareta Bergman, sister of film director Ingmar Bergman. They lived in Stockholm, where he was head of Sveriges Radio's English-language broadcasting from 1948 to 1957. He directed the Swedish Tourist Office in London between 1957 and 1968, at the same time working on his book on Carl Michael Bellman.
The Life and Songs of Carl Michael Bellman
Britten Austin is best known for his work The Life and Songs of Carl Michael Bellman. It describes the life and times of Sweden's bard, the eighteenth century singer and poet Carl Michael Bellman. It was the first full biography of Bellman in any language. The Swedish Academy awarded Austin their special prize for the book, and its interpretation prize in 1979. One reason for this was that it was the first substantial work on Bellman in English (if not in any language); another is the quality of Britten Austin's writing. For example:
In the foreword to his life of Bellman, Britten Austin explains: "This book was born on the spur of a moment – the moment when I realised that .. there is not, and apparently never has been, a book on Bellman in English. What, the greatest of all song-writers, in any language, unknown? Such a gap in general knowledge, I felt, had to be immediately repaired; and although the draughty and unsprung carriages of British Railways, commuting on 'staggering wheel' between Victoria and Haywards Heath, are certainly not the best place to cudgel one's brain for rhymes or to elucidate eighteenth-century Swedish texts, the work was immediately put in hand."
Britten Austin argues that Bellman is unique in being a great poet, in setting all his work to music, and in being "as great on the page as when he is sung". He comments on the extreme difficulty of making poetry accessible in another language. Verse translation into the original metre is necessary, he argues, "because the virtuosity of Bellman's verse-structures, wedding his poems to their melodies, is itself the source of much of their dramatic effect." Britten Austin saw Bellman as an "infinitely loveable and brilliant genius of the Rococo, whose earthy humanity, not unlike Burns', blends so exquisitely with the graces of his artificial age." It is clear that Britten Austin admired and sought in his own way to emulate the many-talented Bellman.
Writing in Books Abroad, Britta Stendahl describes the translations of the songs in the book as "euphonious, bold, and congenial". She notes that the book provides a "thorough" overview of the Gustavian age in which the poet lived.
1812: Napoleon's Invasion of Russia
Alongside his career and his other writings, Britten Austin spent 25 years working on his detailed three-volume eyewitness-only account of Napoleon's disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812. He explains he is "profoundly skeptical of historians." He felt "the more readable they are, the less historically reliable", so instead he chose "to invent nothing, hardly even a phrase" but instead to "resurrect them – in their own words". Britten Austin takes "160 people of the many thousands who made up the Grande Armée". "I thought, and without any impertinent comments of my own (after all I wasn't there), I might be able to reconstitute, as authentically as ever can be done, six months of vanished time." To achieve this "Naturally I have had to take my thousands of vivid fragments, longer or shorter, snip them and put them together in what I came to think of as a 'marching order', and generally help the reader not to go astray." The result is a uniquely detailed report from the front. Britten Austin used this knowledge to tell the story of a mass grave found near Vilnius in 2002.
Reviewing the book in the RUSI Journal, the military historian Charles Esdaile described it as "vivid and compelling...The most detailed account of the disaster yet to become available in English." Greenhill Books called it "a unique endeavour in military history publishing".
James Fisher describes the account as "like no other in the English language. Britten Austin has combined descriptive prose with quotes from primary sources to produce a readable account. It is similar to the approach that was used by French historians such as Lachouque, Hourtoulle and Houssaye."
Translation
Britten Austin translated several books from Swedish to English. He also translated some of Evert Taube's songs, a selection of which can be found in the singer's autobiography. Some have been recorded by Roger Whittaker, Scafell Pike, Sven-Bertil Taube and Martin Best.
Works
Books
1956: The Charm of Sweden (with Anthony Downman and Lorna Downman).
1960: Round the Swedish Year (with Lorna Downman).
1966: The Viking Gods.
1967: The Life and Songs of Carl Michael Bellman, Genius of the Swedish Rococo. Allhem, Malmö; American-Scandinavian Foundation, New York.
1968: On Being Swedish: Reflections Towards a Better Understanding of the Swedish Character.
1969: Sweden (Holiday Guides)
1970: The Swedes: How They Live and Work.
1979: Days in Sweden.
1981: The Organ Maker's Wife, (a novel).
1986: Gustaf Fröding: His Life and Poetry.
1999: Famous Swedes.
2000: 1812: Napoleon's Invasion of Russia. Greenhill Books. (Originally published in three volumes: The March on Moscow, Napoleon in Moscow, The Great Retreat.)
2002: 1815: The Return of Napoleon: Bonaparte's March Back to Power, Greenhill. (also Frontline Books, 2015)
Translations
1973: The Locked Room, by Sjöwall and Wahlöö (Original title: Det slutna rummet). Pantheon Books.
1967: Autobiography of Evert Taube, I Come From a Raging Sea (Original title: Jag kommer av ett brusand' hav).
1973: Bergman on Bergman: Interviews with Ingmar Bergman, By Stig Björkman, Torsten Manns, and Jonas Sima. Simon and Schuster.
1999: Fredman's Epistles & Songs. A Selection in English with a Short Introduction, by Carl Michael Bellman. Proprius / UNESCO.
2003: Doctor Glas, by Hjalmar Söderberg. Little, Brown and Co., 1963. Reissued with introduction by Margaret Atwood, Harvill.
2005: A History of the Swedish People, by Vilhelm Moberg. Two volumes.
Notes
References
External links
Introduction to Doctor Glas by Margaret Atwood
Translations of prose
Book covers 1963–1990
Translations of Bellman
Fredman's Epistles and Songs 2002 CD cover
performed by Scafell Pike
sung by Roger Hinchliffe
Translations of Taube
"Where Angels Tread" 1972 record sleeve
"A Swedish Musical Odyssey" 1977 album cover
"Göran Fristorp and Martin Best" 1983 album cover
Parade March: streaming audio sung by Sven-Bertil Taube
English translators
English male non-fiction writers
1922 births
2005 deaths
People educated at Winchester College
English broadcasters
20th-century British translators
Carl Michael Bellman scholars
20th-century British writers
The 1911 Christchurch North by-election was a by-election during the 17th New Zealand Parliament held on 17 August that year in the electorate. It was triggered by the death of sitting member Tommy Taylor on 27 July and was won by his close friend and political ally, Leonard Isitt.
Background
Taylor had come to national prominence over prohibition even before he was first elected to parliament in the . A radical politician, he was interested in a variety of labour and liberal issues, but was a staunch opponent of Richard Seddon and always maintained his independence, going as far as refusing company ownership or joining cabinet. On a personal level, he was deeply popular with the population, and when he died aged 49 only months after having been elected Mayor of Christchurch, 50,000 people lined the streets during his funeral procession.
Candidates and campaign
At the time, Taylor had been one of New Zealand's most colourful politicians. Naturally, when it came to discussions around his succession in the Christchurch North electorate, a focus was on people who could advance some of the causes that had been important to Taylor. The two politicians mentioned in this context were Leonard Isitt and James McCombs. The next general election was not too far away and McCombs had already committed himself to contest Christchurch East, and he thus declined. He also stated that he was too busy during the by-election campaign period, as he had committed himself to organise the Taylor memorial fund, for which he was secretary.
Isitt accepted the nomination. Also a prohibitionist and a close friend of Taylor's, Isitt was at his bedside when he died. Labour interests did not stand a candidate against Isitt out of respect for Taylor. The conservative candidate was John Dryden Hall, the second son of a former premier, John Hall.
Results
The following table gives the election results:
Commentators attributed the win of successful candidate Leonard Isitt to floods of sympathy votes. Isitt held the Christchurch North electorate until he retired at the . Hall contested the Christchurch North electorate in the 1911 general election a few months after the by-election, but was beaten by Isitt in the second ballot.
References
Christchurch North 1911
1911 elections in New Zealand
1910s in Christchurch
Politics of Christchurch
Salenegg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Maienfeld of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Notable residents
Maria Gugelberg von Moos
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Maienfeld
EFORT Open Reviews is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal, which was first published in January 2016. EFORT Open Reviews is the official journal of the European Federation of National Associations of Orthopaedics and Traumatology (EFORT) and is published in partnership with Bioscientifica. EFORT Open Reviews is a gold open access journal and hence articles published in the journal are available online to anyone, free of charge. Full-text content can also be accessed via PubMed Central.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is indexed in PubMed Central, which hosts full-text content of the complete archive.
References
External links
English-language journals
Monthly journals
Orthopedics journals
Publications established in 2016
Rohana binti Yusuf (Jawi: روحانا بنت يوسف; born 9 May 1956) is the eleventh President of the Court of Appeal of Malaysia (PCA). She is the first woman to have been appointed into the office since its inception in 1994.
Early life and education
Rohana was born in Bachok District, Kelantan on 9 May 1956.
Rohana graduated from the University of Malaya with a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) degree in 1980. She later obtained a Diploma in Syariah Law and Legal Practice (DSLP) and Master of Comparative Laws (MCL) from the International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM) in 1992 and 1993 respectively.
Career
Rohana's career in the Legal and Judicial Services began in 1980 when she became an Assistant Parliamentary Draftsman at the Drafting Division of the Attorney General's Chambers. In 1982, she was appointed as Legal Adviser at the Ministry of Defence of Malaysia. She would serve in this capacity for around four years before being made Senior Federal Counsel at the Attorney General's Chambers in 1986.
Subsequently, Rohana served as a Sessions Court judge at Kuala Lumpur. After serving 18 years in the Legal and Judicial Services, Rohana opted to retire from the service. Post-retirement in 1997, she joined the private sector as Legal Adviser and Company Secretary at Kumpulan UCM Industrial Corporation Berhad (UCM Group Industrial Corporation Limited) and at International Bank Malaysia Berhad (International Bank Malaysia Limited). In 2000, Yusuf practised as an advocate and solicitor and was a partner of Messrs. GH Tee & Co.. Immediately prior to joining the judiciary, she was a deputy director of Islamic Banking and Takaful Department, Central Bank of Malaysia between 2001 and 2005.
Rohana's career in the judiciary began when she was appointed as a judicial commissioner of the High Court of Malaya at Kuala Lumpur on 1 September 2005. She was promoted to a full judge attached at the same court on 17 April 2007.
On 8 January 2013, Rohana was promoted as a judge of the Court of Appeal of Malaysia, the second highest court in Malaysia.
Having served in the Court of Appeal for more than five years, Rohana, on 27 April 2018, was appointed as a judge of the Federal Court of Malaysia, the apex court in the country. Following Ahmad Maarop's mandatory retirement, Rohana was designated by the CJ, Tengku Maimun Tuan Mat, on 25 November 2019 to exercise the powers and perform the duties of the PCA.
On 5 December 2019, Rohana was sworn-in as Ahmad Maarop's successor as PCA following the latter's mandatory retirement in November and received her instrument of appointment from the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King of Malaysia). As such, Rohana became the second highest judicial officer in Malaysia after the Chief Justice of Malaysia (CJ).
Honours
:
Commander of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia (PSM) - Tan Sri (2020)
:
Knight Commander of the Order of the Loyalty to the Crown of Kelantan (DPSK) – Dato' (2007)
Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Loyalty to the Crown of Kelantan (SPSK) – Dato' (2016)
External links
President of the Court of Appeal
References
Living people
1956 births
People from Kelantan
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian people of Malay descent
21st-century Malaysian judges
20th-century Malaysian judges
University of Malaya alumni
International Islamic University Malaysia alumni
Presidents of the Court of Appeal of Malaysia
Commanders of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia
Noah Smithwick (January 01, 1808October 21, 1899) was a colonist who lived in Texas from 1827 and until the Civil War began. A gunsmith and blacksmith, he fought in the Texas Revolution and served as a Texas Ranger. Late in life he dictated his recollections of this early Texas period to his daughter, relaying colorful and humorous accounts, which included legendary Texans Stephen F. Austin, James Bowie, William B. Travis, Thomas Jefferson Rusk, and Sam Houston, who he knew personally.
Smithwick was born and educated in North Carolina. He worked as blacksmith in Kentucky and in 1827 went to Texas and settled in San Felipe, Texas. He applied for land in Stephen F. Austin's colony but never located it. In 1830 he helped a friend accused of murder escape. For this Smithwick was banished from Texas. After staying in East Texas and Louisiana, he returned to Texas in 1835 at the beginning of the Texas Revolution and took part in the Battle of Concepcion.
In 1836 he joined a ranger company to defend the Bastrop area from Indians, then went to San Jacinto arriving after the battle. He married Thurza N. Blakey in 1839 and settled in Webber's Prairie in Travis County. In 1850 he moved to Brushy Creek in Williamson County.
In 1849 Smithwick went to Fort Croghan in Burnet County and served as the fort's first armorer. In 1853 he bought and ran a nearby saw and grist mill. In 1857 he bought a mill and established Smithwick Mills and a post office of that name was established. When Texas voted for secession, Smithwick was opposed. After receiving threats for his Unionist views in 1861, he moved to what is now Kern County, California.
In his later years he lost his eyesight. Before his death in Santa Ana, California, he dictated accounts of Texas experiences to his daughter, Anna (Nanna) Smithwick Donaldson, which she published. The book, 'The Evolution of a State, or, Recollections of Old Texas Days' has been referenced in numerous books about Texas history.
References
1808 births
1899 deaths
People of Texas in the American Civil War
People of the Texas Revolution
People from Austin County, Texas
People from North Carolina
Texas Ranger Division
Blacksmiths
People of the Republic of Texas
Bernard Goupil (1925 – 2013) was a Général de division of the French Army and Commandant of the Foreign Legion.
Military career
On October 1, 1946, he was admitted to the selection entry of Saint-Cyr and subscribed an engagement at the title of the EMIA and joined the 152nd Infantry Battalion () at Mutzig in quality of an instructor candidate. He was promoted to Caporal-chef (Senior Corporal) on February 6, 1947, date in which he joined the 31st Chasseur Battalion à Pied ().
He was promoted to the rank of Sergent (Sergeant) on May 1, and on the 8, he passed to the 4th Chasseur Battalion à Pied () where he followed the 9th course series of the ESMIA. On April 16, 1948, he passed to the 29th Chasseur Battalion à Pied () at Coulommiers, however, remained attached to the ESMIA.
He integrated the promotion of « Général Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque » (1946–1948) on June 1, the rejoined the EAI at Auvours, on October 1.
He was promoted to the rank of Sous-lieutenant before heading to Coetquidan on October 31. He was detached to the 4th Infantry Regiment from January 5 to February 5, 1949. After his leave in application, he was assigned to the 1st battalion of the 1st Foreign Infantry Regiment 1e REI at Saida on June 18. Designated in reinforcement « Extrême-Orient », he disembarked at Saigon on April 19, 1950 to be assigned to the 14th company of the IV/2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment 2e REI. He passed to the 16th company on May 1. He was promoted accordingly to the rank of Lieutenant on October 1.
1950s
On January 22, 1951, he was assigned to the 3rd company of the marching battalion of the 1st Foreign Infantry Regiment 1er REI. Thus unit became the 11th company of the III/1er REI on March 1. During his séjour, he combats engaged at Ben Tam, April 4 and 5 1951; at Vu Nong, on October 27 where was wounded twice by bullets; at Phu Yen, on January 14, 1952. He received 3 citations with attribution of the Croix de Guerre des Théâtres d'Opérations Extérieures, with one at the orders of the armed forces. Towards the end of the deployment, he disembarked in Marseille and received an assignment at the regional administrative company for his tenure at the end of campaign deployment, in October 1952. He served then at the 1st Foreign Regiment 1e RE in quality as a platoon chief of élève gradé, from February 16, 1953. Again reassigned to the Extrême-Orient, he disembarked at Saigon, on July 18, 1954 and rejoined the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment 3e REI. Repatriated with his unit, he disembarked at Bône. He assumed command of the 8th company of the II/3e REI stationed in the Aurès, on December 16.
He was promoted to the rank of Captain in July 1956. On January 1, 1957, he became the chief of the 2nd bureau of the 1er RE. Then in 1958, he integrated the general staff headquarters school () and conducted his qualification at Philippeville. Returned to the 1e RE, he assumed the officer function of psychological action of urban sous-sector of Sidi bel Abbès, starting February 1, 1959. He was cited twice with attribution of the Croix de la Valeur militaire. On July 1, he was a selected candidate at the 20th promotion of the general staff headquarters ().
1960s
On March 10, 1960, he was assigned to the command of the 2nd company of the 121st Infantry Regiment in Algeria. He was slightly wounded on October 14, 1960 in Grande Kabylie. He was cited at the orders of the armed forces for his decisive action. On May 8, 1961, he was assigned to the inter-arm bureau of the 11th Light Infantry Division (). The 11e DLI rejoined the metropolis at Nancy. He was promoted to the rank of Chef de bataillon (Commandant - Major) on April 1, 1963. He was made chevalier of the Légion d'honneur on August 26, 1963, for exceptional war service in the Extrême-Orient (). The 11th Light Infantry Division became the 11th Division of December 1.
On April 6, 1965, he was assigned to the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP at Bou Sfer, ion quality of instructor chief of the operation bureau. On August 1, 1967, he commanded the Qualification Group of Sous-Officiers (NCO) at the Infantry Application School () at Montpellier. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-colonel on July 1, 1969. Nominated as chief of the cabinet of the commandant général of the 1st Army Corps (), he was assigned for administration at the 101st squadron of QG at Nancy on October 1.
Later life
On February 15, 1972, he assumed the functions of Chief cabinet of the Military Governor of Metz and Commandant of the 6e RM. On August 8, 1972, he received the regimental command of the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP at Calvi. He was promoted to the rank of Colonel on October 1, 1973. Following this command tenure, he became the Inspector General of general staff headquarters of the French Army () on August 12, 1974.
He rejoined the 28th session at IHEDN and the 25th sessions of the CHEMM, on September 1, 1975, in quality of an auditor. On August 1, 1976, he was assigned to the 1st Foreign Regiment 1e RE for administration and became the Commandant of the Foreign Legion Groupment on October 29. He was nominated to the 1st section of officer generals on December 1, 1978. In October 1980, he rejoined the EMAT in quality of mission delegate near the Chief of Staff of the French Army CEMAT, then Chief of the Cabinet. On October 1, 1982, he was elevated to the dignity of Général de division and received the functions of Governor of Marseille on January 16. He was admitted to the second section of officer generals, by reaching the age limit, on January 17, 1985.
Général de division Bernard Goupil died on April 3, 2013.
Honours and decorations
National honours
Military decorations
See also
Major (France)
French Foreign Legion Music Band (MLE)
Jacques Lefort, regimental commander 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP (1958)
Pierre Darmuzai, 2e REP (1960)
Saharan Méharistes Companies (méharistes sahariennes)
Paul Arnaud de Foïard, 2e REP (1965)
Jeannou Lacaze, 2e REP (1967)
Jean Brette, 2e REP (1974)
Philippe Erulin, 2e REP (1976)
Jean Louis Roué, 2e REP (1978)
Bernard Janvier, 2e REP (1982)
Bruno Dary, 2e REP (1994)
Benoît Puga, 2e REP (1996)
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations (BCAAM)
French generals
French military officers
1925 births
2013 deaths
The Server Efficiency Rating Tool (SERT) is a performance analysis tool that is specifically designed to addresses the requirements of the Environmental Protection Agency's ENERGY STAR for Servers v2.0 specification.
The SERT Beta 1 was introduced in September, 2011.
Several SPEC member companies contributed to the development of the SERT including AMD, Dell, Fujitsu, HPE, Intel, IBM, and Microsoft.
References
External links
Benchmarks (computing)
Evaluation of computers
bs:SPEC
de:Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation
es:SPEC
ja:Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation
pl:SPEC (organizacja)
19th Avenue may refer to:
19th Avenue (San Francisco)
19th Avenue (Brooklyn)
Margaret Ruth Draper (November 20, 1916 – October 14, 2011) was an American actress and international service worker.
Early years
Draper was born in 1916, the third of six children born to Delbert Morley Draper and Frances Mary Rogers. Shortly after her birth her family relocated to Salt Lake City where she lived until 1934.
She performed in her first play when she was four, when the University of Utah drama department came to Stewart School to find two children – Draper and her brother Courtney - to appear in The Hour Glass. Draper attended East High School in Salt Lake City, where she participated in dramatic, dancing and musical productions. Due to shortened school years and the Great Depression, She entered the University of Utah at age 15. However, due to poor grades, she was sent by her parents to business college for a year, where she learned skills that helped her earn a living when she arrived in New York. She was readmitted to the university the following year, and majored in dramatics, graduating with a respectable average. A 1940 newspaper article noted that she "is pleasantly remembered for her performances in Theta Alpha Phi productions" at the university.
The summer she graduated from university, she accompanied a friend and his sister to New York City to pursue a career in the theatre. She went with a single bag and $38.50 in her purse. Alone in New York, she found a small room in Tudor City and soon began working in G. Schirmer's music store.
Career
Draper landed her first job with the Provincetown Theater in return for translating a French play.
In the late 1930s through 1940, Draper was active in the theater in the Eastern United States for four seasons. She worked with the Wharf School of the Theater, Provincetown, Massachusetts; Green Lake Players, Buffalo, New York; Cherry Lane Theatre, New York City, New York; and Chekhov Theater Studio, Ridgefield, Connecticut.
During World War II, she worked for two years for the Red Cross in Europe and the Middle East as a recreational director, and returned to lean years in New York until 1947, when she got her first radio role with Carl Beier in the CBS program, Joe Powers of Oakville. (Another source says: "In 1947, she joined with the Barter Theatre and for a year toured with that company throughout the southwest. In March of 1948, she returned to New York and radio ....")
She later appeared in the Actor's Equity presentation of "Peer Gynt", and was voted one of the most promising actresses of the year. She obtained supporting roles in two Broadway shows, played the part of Fay Perkins in the radio soap opera Ma Perkins, and in 1949 was invited to audition for the part of Liz Dennis in Brighter Day. She won the part, and played Liz until around 1954, when the part of Linda Pepper was being cast for Pepper Young's Family, which she won. ^
Draper appeared in The Gambler in New York City in 1952. Her Broadway credits included A Minor Adjustment, during the 1967-1968 season.
Family life
Draper married actor Joe De Santis in May 1949, and became the mother of her only child, Christopher, in 1951. The marriage ended in 1957. In 1959, she married Nicol Bissel, an architect. She moved to Mamaroneck, New York, and for a year and a half was a housewife and mother. She divorced again, in 1960, and returned to Manhattan, where she worked in various theatrical productions whenever possible, but made her living, in large part, doing TV and radio commercials. In addition to hundreds of individual spots for various products, she acted as the spokesperson for Camel cigarettes, Nescafe, Kraft Foods products, Woolite detergent and others.
In 1966, she became a disc jockey for an all-woman FM radio station in New York, WFEM (otherwise known as WNEW-FM) and in 1969, she joined the United Seamen's Service, an organization that provided rest and service clubs for merchant marine sailors around the world. Her first assignment was as the assistant Director of the club in Cam Ranh Bay, Viet Nam. In 1970, the Viet Nam club was closed because of the war, and she was transferred to the club in Naples, Italy as director, where she served until 1972.
In 1972, she married J. Norman Messer (CDR USN) who was serving as Executive Officer on the USS Cascade, stationed in Naples. They moved to Key West, Florida, but Margaret was once again divorced in 1973. Subsequently, she lived in Geneva, Switzerland; in Alexandria, Egypt, where she established a club for the United Seamen's Service; and in Washington, D.C., where she worked for the National Alliance of Business as a reference specialist in the PSIP Clearinghouse.
Later years & death
Draper retired in 1985, in New York City, and began writing an autobiographical novel. She resided for a time in Santa Fe, New Mexico but found that she missed the culture, theater, and activity or New York, as well as her many friends, and returned there. In later life she was married to Wesley Brown and traveled extensively with him until his death after four years.
In 2003, Draper moved to an independent living community in Salt Lake City. In the fall of 2010, she moved to her son's home in Payson, Utah, and the following spring she settled in a care facility in that same town, where she died on October 14, 2011, aged 94.
References
External links
1916 births
2011 deaths
Actresses from Utah
American radio actresses
American stage actresses
People from Spanish Fork, Utah
University of Utah alumni
21st-century American women
Carenum levissimum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1900.
References
levissimum
Beetles described in 1900
Aluyak (, also Romanized as Alūyak and Ālū'ak; also known as Ālūtak and Ālūwank) is a village in Jamalabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,762, in 427 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Agent architecture in computer science is a blueprint for software agents and intelligent control systems, depicting the arrangement of components. The architectures implemented by intelligent agents are referred to as cognitive architectures. The term agent is a conceptual idea, but not defined precisely. It consists of facts, set of goals and sometimes a plan library.
Types
Reactive architectures
Subsumption
Deliberative reasoning architectures
Procedural reasoning system (PRS)
Layered/hybrid architectures
3T
AuRA
Brahms
GAIuS
GRL
ICARUS
InteRRaP
TinyCog
TouringMachines
Cognitive architectures
ASMO
Soar
ACT-R
Brahms
LIDA
PreAct
Cougaar
PRODIGY
FORR
See also
Action selection
Cognitive architecture
Real-time Control System
References
Software architecture
Robot architectures
USS Sebec (AO-87) was a acquired by the United States Navy for use during World War II. She had the dangerous but necessary task of providing fuel to vessels in combat and non-combat areas primarily in the Pacific Ocean. For her valiant efforts, she received six battle stars during the war.
Sebec, a type T2-SE-A2 tanker hull, was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1266) on 20 May 1943 by the Marinship Corp. of Sausalito, California. Launched on 29 July 1943, sponsored by Mrs. E. B. Fox, she was delivered to the Kaiser Swan Island Yard, Portland, Oregon, for completion and conversion to an oiler, and accepted and commissioned by the Navy on 29 March 1944.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
After shakedown off San Diego, California, Sebec steamed to San Pedro, California, arriving on 16 June. Two days later, she departed the U.S. West Coast and arrived Pearl Harbor on the 24th.
On 28 June, Sebec's task unit got underway for the Marshall Islands. Anchoring at Eniwetok on 6 July, Sebec loaded a cargo of fuel oil, diesel oil, gasoline, and light freight before standing out of the harbor on 15 July. After refueling units of Task Force 58 on 22 July, Sebec's unit arrived off Agat, Guam, on the 24th. On the 27th, after discharging the remainder of her cargo fuel oil, diesel oil, and part of her gasoline, Sebec got underway on the 28th and arrived at Eniwetok on 1 August.
Sebec departed Eniwetok on 20 August and arrived at Seeadler Harbor, Manus island, Admiralty Islands, on the 28th. She set out the next day, fueled vessels on 3 September, and returned to the harbor on the 6th. She spent the next two months performing similar assignments.
Sinking of the Mississinewa
On 2 November, Sebec anchored at Ulithi, West Carolines. On 20 November, exploded in her berth 2,500 yards from Sebec, hit by a Japanese "Kaiten" manned torpedo, launched from an enemy submarine nearby.
The next morning Sebec got underway for Kossol Roads, Palau Islands, anchoring at Kossol Passage on the 22nd. On the 30th, all ships were ordered underway at various speeds and courses to avoid air attack. Sebec's crew sighted bomb splashes, but saw no aircraft. The oiler spent the remainder of 1944 on fueling tasks, including a 24-hour fueling assignment of an escort carrier division on 30 and 31 December.
Danger from Japanese submarines
Sebec arrived at Ulithi on 4 January 1945. On the 12th, she sounded general quarters after was hit by a torpedo while in berth there. Four times that day, the crew was ordered to general quarters in response to reports of enemy submarines nearby.
On 20 January, Sebec got underway in a convoy bound for Eniwetok. On the 24th, she left the convoy and proceeded independently to Hawaii. She arrived at Pearl Harbor on 1 February for emergency repairs.
Sebec departed Pearl Harbor on 19 March bound for Ulithi, carrying a cargo of fuel oil, diesel oil, and aviation gasoline. After arrival on 1 April, Sebec resumed her fueling operations.
On 4 May, Sebec received orders to proceed independently to Hagushi Beach, Okinawa. From 8 to 12 May, she fueled screening vessels off the transport area before returning to Ulithi on the 16th.
End-of-war activity
During a typhoon on 5 June, two of her gasoline pumps were damaged. The following evening, the oiler got underway for Okinawa, arriving at Hagushi Beach on 7 June.
From 8 June through 26 September, Sebec participated in additional fueling operations. On the 27th, she received orders to report to Tokyo Bay.
Sebec remained in Tokyo Bay from 2 to 11 October. On the 12th, she got underway with for San Francisco, California, anchoring on the 24th. On 29 October, she unloaded all her ammunition at the Mare Island Ammunition Depot and returned to the anchorage.
Post-war transfer to MSTS
Sebec was decommissioned on 7 February 1946 and was struck from the Navy List on 26 February. On 1 July, she was transferred to the Maritime Commission, but was reinstated on the Navy List on 28 April 1950, and assigned to Military Sea Transportation Service as the non-commissioned naval vessel USNS Sebec (T-AO-87), manned by a civilian crew.
Korean War operations
She shuttled between Alaskan and Caribbean waters until January 1951 when she departed the West Indies for a round-the-world cruise via the Suez Canal and the Panama Canal, returning to Aruba on 16 October. During the latter part of the Korean War, Sebec carried fuel oil from Bahrain, Persian Gulf, to Okinawa and Japan.
Sebec arrived at Long Beach, California, on Christmas Eve 1953, but began the new year getting underway for Pearl Harbor. After returning to San Pedro, California, Sebec sailed again, arriving at Kaohsiung, Taiwan, on 4 June; thence she proceeded to Manila, the Persian Gulf, and Japan before returning to the West Coast. In the next year, Sebec operated in Alaska as well as in the Far East.
On 22 December 1955, Sebec was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California, and struck from the Navy List. She was reinstated on the Navy List on 21 June 1956 and operated for MSTS by the Joshua Hendy Corp.
Transferred to U.S. Army service
Sebec was returned to the Maritime Administration (MARAD) and struck from the Navy List on 3 September 1957. She was acquired to the United States Army on 9 June 1966, and converted to a floating power station at Bender Shipbuilding and Repair Co., Mobile, Alabama, before seeing service in Vietnam.
Final decommissioning
Title to Sebec was transferred to MARAD for the US Army, the ship was subsequently sold for scrapping, to Dongkuk Steel Co., Ltd., Seoul, South Korea, on 9 September 1974.
Awards
Sebec received six battle stars for World War II service.
References
External links
Escambia-class oilers
Type T2-SE-A2 tankers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Sausalito, California
1943 ships
World War II tankers of the United States
David John Daniel (1871 – 30 April 1948) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Llanelli and international rugby for Wales.
Personal history
Daniel was born in 1871 in Llanelli. He married Francis Ann Roberts and they had thirteen children. His son William Daniel was a boxer of some note, fighting under the name Gipsy Daniels he became British light-heavyweight boxing champion in 1927. Daniel was a mason by trade but also worked as a brewery worker.
Rugby career
Daniel came to note as a rugby player for first class side Llanelli. It was while playing for Llanelli that Daniel was first selected to represent Wales, an away game against Scotland as part of the 1891 Home Nations Championship. Daniel was one of three new caps in the Welsh squad for the Scotland game, but the only one brought into the pack. Under the captaincy of veteran forward Willie Thomas, Wales were outclassed by Scotland, who scored seven tries without reply. The next game of the Championship saw a vastly altered Welsh pack with four new caps, Daniel was one of the players dropped.
Daniel failed to be reselected for three years, but in 1894, the year after Wales had won the Triple Crown, he was brought back into the pack as a replacement for Newport's David Samuel. Daniel kept his place throughout the Championship, which saw Wales lose to England and Ireland, but win at home to Scotland. Despite the fact the Daniel had held down a position for the full series, the next season he was again replaced, this time by William Elsey who was in turn replaced by Ernie George after a single game.
Another four seasons passed, and Daniel was again back in favour with the Welsh selectors, when he came into the Welsh squad to face Ireland as part of the 1898 Home Nations Championship. This was the first Wales match after the Gould Affair, and Daniel found himself the veteran pack leader, with five of the pack newly capped that match, and the other two positions held by Fred Cornish and Dick Hellings, both having played just a single game each. This meant that Daniel had twice as many caps as the entire seven other pack members combined. Despite the inexperience of the Welsh pack, Wales were victorious over the Irish, winning 11-3. The selectors reacted by keeping faith in the Welsh squad, which saw no newly capped players, and Daniel leading out an almost unchanged pack against England at Blackheath. Despite a try and a dropped goal from Viv Huzzey, Wales lost the game.
Daniel's final season with Wales was during the 1899 Home Nations Championship. After a record win over England, Daniel missed the away game to Scotland, replaced by Fred Scrine, but returned for the home game to Ireland at the Cardiff Arms Park; Daniel's final Wales international match.
International matches played
Wales
1894, 1898, 1899
1894, 1898, 1899
1891, 1894
Bibliography
References
Wales international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Llanelli
Rugby union forwards
Llanelli RFC players
Welsh rugby union players
1871 births
1948 deaths
Giannella is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Orbetello, province of Grosseto, in the Tuscan Maremma. At the time of the 2001 census its population amounted to 160.
Geography
The hamlet of Giannella is located along the strip of land (tombolo) which connects the mainland with the promontory of Monte Argentario. It is a renowned tourist resort and a protected area with a WWF natural reserve.
See also
Albinia
Ansedonia
Fonteblanda
San Donato, Orbetello
Talamone
References
External links
Tourism in Orbetello
Frazioni of Orbetello
Cities and towns in Tuscany
Coastal towns in Tuscany
KZLX-LP (106.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40/Urban Contemporary format. The station is located in Maryville, Missouri, and serves the Maryville area. The station is run by students of Northwest Missouri State University.
It started as KDLX in 1960 as a carrier current station and broadcast only in Northwest buildings. During the period when John Jasinski was faculty advisor, the station received a Marconi Award for nation's most outstanding college radio station in 1992. On June 19, 2002, it became a low power station broadcasting with 42 watts effective radiated power and antenna 45.7 meters height above average terrain.
References
External links
KZLX official website
ZLX
Northwest Missouri State University
ZLX-LP
ZLX-LP
Radio stations established in 2002
2002 establishments in Missouri
Hit Parade of 1941 is a 1940 American film written by Bradford Ropes, F. Hugh Herbert and Maurice Leo and directed by John H. Auer. It was nominated for the Oscar for Best Song at the 13th Academy Awards with the song "Who Am I?", with music by Jule Styne and lyrics by Walter Bullock. Also nominated for the Oscar for Best Original Score in the same ceremony for composer Cy Feuer.
Plot
A small radio station in Brooklyn, WPX, is saved from going bankrupt by a backer (Mary Boland), who agrees to invest money for television equipment if the owner (Kenny Baker) allows her dancing daughter Annabelle (Ann Miller) to dance and sing on the screen. Due to her voice, her singing needs to be dubbed by the owner's girlfriend, Pat Abbott (Frances Langford). Problems arise when the owner starts dating Annabelle.
Cast
Kenny Baker as David Farraday
Frances Langford as Pat Abbott
Hugh Herbert as Ferdinand Farraday
Ann Miller as Annabelle
Patsy Kelly as Judy
Mary Boland as Emily
Phil Silvers as Charlie Moore
Donald MacBride as Harrison
Franklin Pangborn as Carter
Emory Parnell as Policeman
Borrah Minevitch and His Harmonica Rascals
Sterling Holloway as Elmer
Six Hits and a Miss as Singing Group
Songs
Music by Jule Styne, lyrics by Walter Bullock
Who Am I?
Swing Low, Sweet Rhythm
The Little Old Lamp
In The Cool of the Evening
South American Ballet
References
External links
1941 films
1940s musical comedy films
American black-and-white films
American musical comedy films
1940s English-language films
Films about radio
Films about singers
Films about television
Films directed by John H. Auer
Films produced by Sol C. Siegel
Republic Pictures films
1941 comedy films
1940 comedy films
1940 films
Films with screenplays by F. Hugh Herbert
1940s American films
Pedro Rosa da Conceição was a Brazilian multiple murderer. He killed three people and wounded thirteen others in Rio das Pedras, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on April 22, 1904, before being arrested. He killed his cellmate Joaquim Alves Junior and an unnamed guard who attempted to calm him down in 1911. He was also said to have murdered a family of twelve people in Rio das Pedras.
Rio das Pedras mass murder
On April 22, 1904 Rosa, an epileptic, who worked at the Estrada de Ferro Central, armed himself with a bayonet. He then got in a locomotive in the Belém station with a partner, however, when the speed of the train was fast, he pushed him out of the train. When the train stopped in the Rio das Pedras station he stopped from travelling without destiny.
He then walked to the Dona Clara station where his progenitor Ambrosio Gomes lived. With the intention of killing him, he started beating him, and wounded him four times. He also beat his stepmother, Maria da Conceição. He then walked to Rio das Pedras, wounding everyone who crossed his path. Close to the Dona Clara station he stabbed João Teixeira de Oliveira to death. In the side of the road, he found Seraphina Maria, where he wounded her. He then killed farmer Fructuoso Goulart do Amaral and fled. One of his victims, Felicidade Ignacia de Salles, 15, died on April 27.
In the bushes, hidden in the trees, Rosa was arrested the following day. He was sent to the Hospicio dos Alienados.
Victims
Killed were:
Jose Teixeira de Oliveira, 56, corporal
Fructuoso Goulart do Amaral, 44, farmer
Felicidade Ignacia de Salles, 15, died on April 27
Among those wounded were:
Augusto Barreto do Pinho, 56, wounded in the abdomen
Cahilde Luiza da Silva, 18
Conceição Alves Moreira, 21
Maria Florentina da Silva Nobrega
Euphrasia Maria da Conceição
Seraphina Maria
Hospicio Nacional dos Alienados double homicide
On October 1, 1911 Rosa and Joaquim Alves Junior had a fight in the Hospicio Nacional dos Alienados. Rosa killed Joaquim with an unspecified weapon and also killed an unnamed guard who tried to calm him down.
Murder of twelve people of a family
The newspaper A Noite, chronicling the crimes of Pedro Rosa, claimed that Rosa killed a family of twelve people, in an unspecified date and year.
Death
On February 25, 1919 Rosa died in the Hospicio Nacional dos Alienados, the hospital where he was sent on August 10, 1904.
See also
List of serial killers by country
List of serial killers by number of victims
References
1904 in Brazil
1919 deaths
Brazilian mass murderers
Brazilian serial killers
Family murders
Fugitives
Male serial killers
Mass murder in 1904
Spree killers
Açaí oil is obtained from the fruit of Euterpe oleracea (açaí palm), which grows in the Amazon rainforest. The oil is rich in phenolic compounds similar in profile to the pulp itself, such as vanillic acid, syringic acid, p-hydroxybenzoic acid, protocatechuic acid and ferulic acid as well as (+)-catechin and numerous procyanidin oligomers.
Açai oil is green in color and has a bland aroma. It is high in oleic and palmitic fatty acids (table).
Uses
Açai oil is widely used for cooking and as a salad dressing. In cosmetics, it is used in shampoos, soaps and skin moisturizers.
Source:
See also
Açaí palm
References
Vegetable oils
Cooking oils
Açaí
Crops originating from Brazil
Labidochromis sp. "Hongi" is an undescribed species of cichlid fish from Eastern Africa. Other names for the fish include kimpuma, Hongi red top and Hongi cichlid. It is well known in the aquarium trade. The maximum size of the species is about 5 inches for the males while the females stay around 3.5 inches.
Distribution
It is distributed along the Tanzanian coast of Lake Malawi, between Liuli and Undu Reef.
Diet, behavior and habitat
This fish is an omnivore. It is a maternal mouthbrooder. It is considered mildly aggressive and territorial, defending its territory especially when breeding. It lives in a rocky habitat, and prefers caves in the aquarium.
References
Literature
Conkling, D. 1993. Labidochromis "red-top kimpuma" -a long time wait pays off. Cichlid News 2(4): 12-13.
Konings, A. 1995. Malawi cichlids in their natural habitat, 2nd edition. Cichlid Press, Germany, 352pp.
Lewis, D.S.C. 1982. A revision of the genus Labidochromis (Teleostei: Cichlidae) from Lake Malawi. Zool. J. Linn. Soc. 75: 189-265.
Trewavas, E. 1935. A synopsis of the cichlid fishes of Lake Nyasa. Ann. Mag. Nat. Hist. (10) 16: 65-118.
See also
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
Mbuna
Labidochromis
Freshwater fish of Tanzania
Undescribed vertebrate species
Melchior Sun Dezhen, C.M. or Melchior Sun Souen (Chinese: 孫德禎) (1869–1951) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Vicar Apostolic of Anguo (1929–1936), Titular Bishop of Esbus (1926–1929), and Prefect of Lihsien (1924–1926).
Biography
Melchior Sun Dezhen was born in Beijing, China on 19 Nov 1869 and ordained a priest in the Congregation of the Mission on 24 Jan 1897.
On 15 Apr 1924, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Pius XI as the first Prefect of Lihsien and installed on 17 Jul 1924.
On 24 Jun 1926, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Pius XI as Titular Bishop of Esbus and on 28 Oct 1926, he was consecrated bishop by Pope Pius XI, with Carlo Cremonesi, Titular Archbishop of Nicomedia, and Celso Benigno Luigi Costantini, Titular Archbishop of Theodosiopolis in Arcadia, serving as co-consecrators.
On 15 Jul 1929, he was elevated during the papacy of Pope Pius XI as Vicar Apostolic of Anguo after the Prefecture was promoted to an Apostolic Vicariate.
He served as Vicar Apostolic of Anguo until his resignation on 7 Feb 1936.
He died on 23 Aug 1951.
Episcopal succession
While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of:
John Baptist Wang Zeng-yi (John Baptist Wang Tseng-yi) (Uamzemi), Titular Bishop of Lamia and Vicar Apostolic of Anguo (1938);
and the principal co-consecrator of:
Peter Cheng You-you (Pierre Tcheng), Titular Bishop of Sozusa in Palaestina and Vicar Apostolic of Süanhwafu (1928);
John Zhang Bi-de (John Chang Pi-te), Titular Bishop of Antipyrgos and Vicar Apostolic of Chaohsien (1932); and
Peter Wang Mu-duo (Peter Wang Mu-To), Bishop of Xuanhua (1948).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
Bishops appointed by Pope Pius XI
1869 births
1951 deaths
Vincentian bishops
William Pirrie Sinclair (1837 – 1 November 1900) was a politician in the United Kingdom who was twice elected to the House of Commons for the Liberal Party.
Born in Belfast in 1837, son of Presbyterians John Sinclar and Eliza (née Pirrie) of Conlig near Bangor, County Down, he was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, Queen's College Belfast and Heidelberg University, Baden. He became a successful businessman in Liverpool, and was a Presbyterian Church elder.
He was asked in 1885 to stand in a by-election by the County Antrim Central Tenant Right Association, at a meeting in Liberal Party headquarters in Belfast. He declared his support for the extension of purchase provisions of the 1881 Land Act, and his opposition to Gladstone's Coercion Acts. He was elected on 21 May 1885 with a majority of 69 votes (less than 1% of the total) over the Conservative Party candidate Robert Torrens O'Neill. He held the seat only until Parliament was dissolved later that year for the 1885 general election, when the two-seat Antrim constituency was divided into four single-member divisions. Sinclair stood in North Antrim, where in a three-way contest he was defeated by the Conservative Edward MacNaghten.
When the Liberal Party split in 1886 over Irish Home Rule, Sinclair joined with the breakaway Liberal Unionist Party, and was elected at the 1886 general election as MP for Falkirk Burghs in Scotland, with a majority of only 19 votes (0.4% of the total) over the Liberal Party candidate. He lost the seat to the Liberals at the 1892 general election, and did not stand for Parliament again.
References
External links
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
1837 births
1900 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Antrim constituencies (1801–1922)
UK MPs 1880–1885
Liberal Unionist Party MPs for Scottish constituencies
UK MPs 1886–1892
Irish Liberal Party MPs
Arya Surya is a 2013 Tamil comedy film directed by Rama Narayanan. The film features Srinivasan and Vishnupriyan in the lead roles while Nakshatra, Kovai Sarala and Gangai Amaren play supportive roles.
Cast
Srinivasan as Aryananda alias Arya
Vishnupriyan as Suryananda alias Surya
Nakshatra as Chandragaandha
Kovai Sarala as Chandralekha
Gangai Amaren as Kamalasekaran
Ganeshkar
Chithra Lakshmanan
Venniradai Moorthy
Nalini
Special appearances in the song "Thagadu Thagadu"
T. Rajendar as himself
Mumaith Khan as an item number
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Srikanth Deva. T. Rajendar sang the song Thagadu, Thagadu, in which he makes a cameo appearance.
Critical reception
The Times of India rated the film 1 out of 5 stars saying that "The film feels like a bunch of arbitrary scenes strung together with a slender plot that is just an excuse to show us the antics of Power Star Srinivasan." Behindwoods wrote "Arya Surya could have made the cut if the director had made the happenings on screen more interesting and relatable to the current trend".
References
External links
2013 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian comedy films
Films scored by Srikanth Deva
Films directed by Rama Narayanan
2013 comedy films
Roberto Micheletti Baín (born 13 August 1943) is a Honduran politician who served as the interim de facto president of Honduras from 28 June 2009 to 27 January 2010 as a result of the 2009 Honduran coup d'état. The Honduran military ousted the President, and the National Congress read a letter of resignation, which was refuted two minutes later by Zelaya in conversation with CNN en Español; days later, the coup-plotters claimed that the Supreme Court had ordered to forcefully detain President Manuel Zelaya because "he was violating the Honduran constitution"; Zelaya was exiled rather than arrested. Micheletti, constitutionally next in line for the presidency, was sworn in as president by the National Congress a few hours after Zelaya was sent into exile by the Honduran military. He was not acknowledged as de jure president by any government or international organization. The 2009 general election took place as planned in November and elected Porfirio Lobo Sosa to succeed Micheletti.
Before serving as president, Micheletti was the president of Honduras' National Congress. A deputy in Congress since 1982, Micheletti is currently a member of the Liberal Party of Honduras.
Family background
Born in El Progreso, Yoro Department, Micheletti was the eighth of nine siblings (6 boys, 3 girls).
Micheletti's father was Umberto Micheletti, who immigrated from the Bergamo province of Lombardy, Italy. His mother was Donatella Bain Moya, also born in El Progreso.
He is married to Siomara Girón and they have 3 children.
Political career
In 1963, Micheletti was a member of the honor guard of President Ramón Villeda, who was toppled by the military; Micheletti was arrested and jailed on 3 October and jailed for 27 days. In 1973 he moved to the United States, living in Tampa, Florida, then in New Orleans, Louisiana, for two years before returning to Honduras in 1976. While living in the USA he finished high school and started his own business.
Deputy
Micheletti won a Congressional seat in 1982 which he has held till June 2009, except for a brief period when he ran Hondutel, Honduras' state-owned national telephone company.
In 1985 Micheletti was part of a group of deputies who signed a motion calling for the National Congress to reseat itself as a National Constituent Assembly. A Venezuelan government webpage claims that the proposal was aimed at enabling then-President Roberto Suazo to run for re-election in the 1985 Honduras presidential election. Ultimately the proposal was dropped when most congressmen refused to support the motion.
He has twice sought his party's nomination to run for president, both times failing to win the internal election for the nomination of his party, the latter occasion in 2008 to former Vice President Elvin Santos, who won the Liberal nomination for the November 2009 presidential election.
President of the National Congress
Micheletti presided over the National Congress of Honduras from 25 January 2006 until 28 June 2009. Although he was a member of the same party as Manuel Zelaya, there had been conflict between the two politicians before the constitutional crisis.
Presidency (2009-2010)
The Ministerio Publico's office charged Manuel Zelaya with violations of the constitution, laws and court orders. The Supreme Court issued an arrest warrant. On the morning of June 28, 2009, the military arrested President Zelaya and deported him to Costa Rica.
After a resignation letter from President Manuel Zelaya was read to the National Congress of Honduras, which Zelaya later denied writing, Zelaya was dismissed as president, by a show of hands in the National Congress, on 28 June. Congress, under Articles 1, 2, 3, 4, 205, 220, subsections 20, 218, 242, 321, 322 and 323 of the Constitution of the Republic, unanimously agreed to:
disapprove Zelaya's repeated violations of the constitution, laws and court orders,
remove Zelaya from the post, and,
name the current President of Congress Roberto Micheletti to complete the constitutional term ending January 27, 2010.
The Honduran constitution mandated that the head of Congress, Roberto Micheletti, act as the provisional head of state since Vice President Elvin Ernesto Santos had resigned in December 2008 to run for president.
Micheletti's term in office saw demonstrations for and against him, although the demonstrations for him encountered none of the violent repression from the police.
Domestically his government was supported by organizations such as Unión Cívica Democrática and opposed by the "Resistance".
International support for the Micheletti government was scant. Official reactions from many international leaders condemned the ousting of President Zelaya, many of them calling for his reinstatement.
The Organization of American States (OAS) said it would not recognize any government other than that of Manuel Zelaya.
The United States rejected the overthrow of Zelaya in statements by President Barack Obama, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Ambassador to Honduras Hugo Llorens. The European Union also condemned the ousting of Zelaya.
Cuban president Raúl Castro asked for the return of democracy in Honduras. Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez stated that he had put his nation's armed forces on alert, and vowed to take military action if Venezuela's embassy or envoy to Honduras were harmed.
Micheletti's 25-year-old nephew Enzo Micheletti was abducted and found murdered in late October 2009 though no evidence linking this crime to the political events going on was discovered.
Deaths that have been allegedly linked to the violence in the aftermath of the coup include 19-year-old Isis Obed Murillo Mencías, shot in the head on 5 July when Zelaya's plane was trying to land at Toncontin Airport; 40-year-old campesino leader and Democratic Unification Party member Ramón García on 12 July, after he was forced by unknown people to get off a bus; 23-year-old Pedro Magdiel Muñoz Salvador, allegedly detained by police during anti-coup protests and taken to an El Paraíso police station on 24 July, allegedly found at 6:30 am the following morning with 42 stab wounds and 38-year-old high school teacher Roger Abraham Vallejo Soriano, shot in the head allegedly by security forces during protests on 31 July, dying on 1 August.
Costa Rican President Óscar Arias acted as a mediator in the talks between the Honduran government and Manuel Zelaya to try to find a political solution. He presented a seven-point agreement, which called for a unity government. Zelaya wanted to become president again and the Supreme Court warned that only Congress could grant amnesty to Zelaya. Zelaya's representatives accepted the Arias proposal "in principle" but Micheletti's representatives balked at the key point of Zelaya returning to power in Honduras.
In an open letter to the Wall Street Journal published on 27 July 2009, Roberto Micheletti listed the Honduran government's reasons and justification for ousting Zelaya. In it, Micheletti claimed Zelaya's removal from office was supported by the Supreme Court (15-0), an overwhelming majority of Congress, the Supreme Electoral Tribunal, the Administrative Law Tribunal, the independent Human Rights Ombudsman, the two major presidential candidates of the Liberal and National Parties and Honduras' Catholic Cardinal. Micheletti also stated that it was not a "military coup" since the military was following orders given by a civilian Supreme Court and Zelaya was replaced with a civilian from the line of succession prescribed in the Constitution.
On 21 August 2009, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights dispatched a six-member delegation which reported accusations it received. The delegation was told of alleged violent confrontations and arbitrary arrests. Someone even accused the police of rape. Some alleged that judges were threatened "at gunpoint". Based on the statements it received, the delegation concluded that there was "an atmosphere of intimidation that inhibits the free exercise of freedom of expression".
On March 11, 2010, the US Department of State released their annual report on Human Rights, in which they stated "On June 28, the military forcibly removed and sent into exile President Jose Manuel Zelaya, and Congress President Roberto Micheletti Bain became the leader of a de facto regime. Until the June 28 coup d'état (June coup), the country was a constitutional, multiparty democracy with a population of approximately eight million..." and "Although the coup was bloodless, subsequent related events resulted in the loss of life as well as limitations by the de facto regime on freedom of movement, association, expression, and assembly". In an official press release published in their website, the US Embassy in Tegucigalpa stated that "Before the June 28, 2009 coup d'état, Honduras faced substantial challenges in the protection of human rights, had one of the Western Hemisphere's highest homicide rates, and some killings appearing to be politically motivated. The human rights climate deteriorated significantly following the coup, especially with regard to respect for the rights of women, members of ethnic communities and sexual minorities and other vulnerable groups. While the de facto regime was in power, there were incidents resulting in loss of life, disproportionate use of force, including beatings by security forces of protestors, sexual assaults, as well as other serious human rights abuses. The de facto regime engaged in substantial interference with freedom of movement, association, expression, and assembly." According to the US Embassy's website, they "expressed to the Honduran Attorney General, members of the security forces, and the Human Rights Ombudsman, among others, their serious concerns about reported human rights abuses".
According to the latest Greenberg Quinlar Rosler Research opinion poll during October 9–13, 48% of Hondurans regarded Micheletti's performance as good or excellent. 50% regarded his performance as bad or poor.
The 2009 general election took place, as planned, on 29 November. The National Party candidate, Porfirio Lobo Sosa, was victorious over Liberal Party candidate Elvin Santos, winning the election with 56.56% of the vote. Lobo Sosa was inaugurated as president on January 27, 2010.
Legislator for life
In January 2010 the Honduran Congress granted Micheletti the status of "legislator for life". This appointment does not make him immune from prosecution, as some international media sources stated.
Attack on his daughter
On 5 November 2013 a daughter of Micheletti was shot at, but not seriously injured, while driving with her chauffeur and armed guards.
See also
Adolfo Facussé, prominent Honduran businessman, supporter of Roberto Micheletti
References
|-
1943 births
Honduran people of Italian descent
People of Lombard descent
Living people
People from Yoro Department
Presidents of Honduras
Presidents of the National Congress of Honduras
Deputies of the National Congress of Honduras
Leaders who took power by coup
The "Nth Room" case () is a criminal case involving blackmail, cybersex trafficking, and the spread of sexually exploitative videos via the Telegram app between 2018 and 2020 in South Korea. A man nicknamed god god (Korean: 갓갓) sold sexual exploitation videos on Telegram channels and groups.
A copycat crime, known as the "Doctor's Room", () was operated by a man using the screen name Doctor (, later revealed to be Cho Ju-bin), who is accused of blackmailing dozens of women, forcing them to take sexually exploitative videos, with some involving rape.
The number of confirmed victims is at least 103, including 26 minors. It was revealed that the victims' pictures were shared and sold to over 260,000 IDs (narrowed down to about 60,000 users, taking into consideration overlapping profiles) and were anonymously paid for in cryptocurrency.
Cases
"Nth Room"
A user nicknamed "God God," who was later identified as Moon Hyung-Wook created eight groups simply named after their ordinal numeral (hence the name "Nth Room"), and uploaded sexually exploitative pornography. Another user nicknamed "Watchman" advertised the link to these groups in another Telegram group named "Gotham room".
Doctor's Room
A user nicknamed "Doctor" posted part-time job offerings on Twitter, seeking to gather personal information from girls who applied. In the "Doctor's Room", the sexually exploitative pornography was distributed via a Telegram chatroom and was only accessible via a cryptocurrency payment. "Doctor", who appeared in July 2019, threatened women and took pictures and videos of them by figuring out their personal information, and then uploading the pictures and videos. When reports first emerged, the person even figured out the personal information of the reporter and released it. In addition, a high school student in Incheon was running various Telegram chatting rooms that distributed child pornography and links for buying drugs and shared tricks for dealing with police investigations.
Reports and investigation
Reports of such illegal content being shared on Telegram were appearing throughout 2019. For instance, the Seoul Shinmun, through undercover journalism, found a secret Telegram room distributing child pornography in January. In the same manner, Sisa Journal in April that year reported that Telegram was being used as a platform for sharing illegal pictures and videos.
In the beginning, when the case became known on male-dominated online communities, a man reported the "Nth Room" case by contacting 112. Police, however, did not consider the report credible and ignored it. The first known people to investigate the Nth room case were two female university students in July 2019, going by the team name of Team Flame. On August 12, the Electronic Times was the first media outlet to report on the case. The case went on to have a huge social impact and ignite public fury.
The lead operator Baksa was arrested, but his accomplice and Telegram users who shared the videos for money remain unknown. While police got the list of people who bought the videos and were investigating, over five million people signed a national petition demanding public disclosure of the identities of users who shared in the chatroom. Including all charged and free users in Doctor's Room, the number of members was confirmed to be 15,000.
On March 25, 2020, Korean virtual and cryptocurrency operators agreed to cooperate with authorities on this case after concluding that the leaders and subscribers of the Nth Room paid with virtual currency. By April 27, almost 40 people were identified through tracing cryptocurrency transfers.
Suspects
On March 23, 2020, the Seoul Broadcasting System disclosed the identity of the "Doctor's Room" suspect. Cho Joo-bin (Korean: 조주빈) On March 24, following a decision of the Personal Information Disclosure Review Committee of the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency, an official identity disclosure measure was taken, based on Article 25 of the Act on Special Cases Concerning the Punishment of Sexual Crimes. This was the first case where an official identity disclosure measure had been taken for a sexual criminal. An accomplice of Cho, Nam Kyung-eup (Korean: 남경읍) was revealed on July 15, 2020.
Meanwhile, the user with the nickname "Watchman" who was known as the mastermind and the individual who made the "Nth Room" popular was arrested in September 2019. He was revealed as Mr. Jeon, a 38-year-old company worker, who had received a suspended sentence for pornography distribution in the past. Mr. Jeon was indicted on suspicion of operating an Internet site featuring illegal recordings, and a sentence of imprisonment of 3 years and 6 months by the prosecution. However, since it was revealed during the trial that there was a connection with the "Nth Room", an application is underway for the resumption of the hearings.
Mr. Shin, the prior operator of "Nth Room", who had inherited it from "God God" was a male in his 30s, who had previously received a suspended sentence for violating the Act on the Protection of Children and Youth Against Sex Offenses, and was taken into police custody in September 2019. He received a sentence of one-year imprisonment in the first hearing, and since the prosecution did not appeal, it is foreseen that this sentence will become final in the second hearing.
God God claims he will not be caught according to information released to JTBC News. He claims he never uses his own phone and all currency is transferred through gift vouchers so it can't be traced. He has also revealed he is confident that if he abandons his phone, there will be no evidence against him even if he turns himself in. Moon Hyung-wook (Korean: 문형욱) nicknamed God God was arrested and charged in May, and he was detained on 12 May 2020. His personal information was released on 13 May. In April 2021, Moon Hyung-wook was sentenced to 34 years in prison. An accomplice to Moon, Ahn Seung-jin (Korean: 안승진) was revealed June 22, 2020.
On November 26, 2020, Cho was sentenced to 40 years in prison.
Domestic Reactions
Lee In-young, the parliamentary leader of the ruling Democratic Party of Korea, promised the party will bring the case to parliament. The main opposition United Future Party condemned the case, in which they said that they will forward the case to parliament to prohibit any kind of child pornography. The party also urged the Democratic Party to not just focus on the upcoming general election but to also cooperate with them to forward their bill. Its chairman, Hwang Kyo-ahn, however, created controversy by saying not all suspects involved in the case deserved the same punishment.
The Supreme Court of South Korea also announced its plans to make sentences harsher on digital sex crimes following public outcry.
Prevention law of Nth room
Revision of the Sexual Violence Punishment law
Before the revision, only the distribution, sale, lease, and provision of illegal photographs were subject to punishment; the current law added regulations that also sentenced those who possess, purchase, store, and watch illegal sexual photographs up to three years in prison or fined up to 30 million won. Even if the video was filmed by one's self, the law clarified the rule that if someone spreads it against their own will, the disseminator would be punished and the sentence will be raised.
A new rule implemented a prison sentence of more than one year and three years respectively, on those who threaten or coerce using photographs that can cause sexual shame. This act is most commonly known as blackmail.
In the case of special robbery and rape, a person could be sentenced to up to three years in prison for preliminary and conspiracy charges; the legal sentence for illegal filming and production was further strengthened.
Revision of Criminal Law
It raised the age of consent standard for rape of minors from 13 to 16.
The point out that perpetrator won't be sentenced because up to 70 victims' assaults and threats have not been proven to have led to actual crimes, It could also be sentenced to up to three years in prison for preliminary and conspiracy charges those who planned rape and similar rape.
The Hiding of Crime Profits
In the case of digital sexual violence crimes, there was an opinion that "it is not easy to prove the relevance between individual crimes and criminal profits, so it is difficult to withdraw criminal profits," so easing the burden of proof.
Revision of the Youth Protection law
It identifies the children and adolescents who are subject to prostitution as victims. and the person who have committed simple sex crimes against children and adolescents as well as those who have committed simple sex crimes are subject to personal disclosure.
Korea's National Petition and the Government's Systematic Response
On March 26, the Ministry of Public Administration and Security's resident registration number change committee said it would submit an application for changing the resident registration number, which is recognized as a victim of the "N" incident, as an "emergency agenda" and process it as quickly as possible within three weeks. The original legal deadline is six months and usually takes three months.
A petition for international cooperation
On January 2, 2020, a new Cheong Wa Dae national petition was posted and 219,705 people agreed to the petition for an international cooperative investigation. As of March 1, National Police Agency Commissioner General Min Gap-ryong released a video clip and a full text of the answers to the petition.
The National Assembly's petition
On January 15, 2020, 100,000 people agreed to the National Assembly's petition for international cooperation with police, the establishment of a digital sex crime department, raising sentencing standards for digital sex crimes, and the National Assembly's Legislation and Judiciary Committee on February 10. The result of the review, which was not to be referred to the plenary session (not to be referred to the plenary session), was because the purpose of the petition was reflected in the "Partial Amendment of the Act on the Punishment of Sexual Violence Crimes", which was passed by the First Subcommittee on the Legislation and Judiciary Committee's on March 3, 2020. However, it was criticized for being hasty. According to the Project ReSET, the revised bill only covers the creation and distribution of the so-called Deepfake, and "does not reflect the strengthening of the sentencing standards, improvement of the investigation system, or international announcement investigation." It has been revealed that despite the provision of related data books, the remarks made in the process have been controversial, with more than a month of information not being properly identified.
A petition for the disclosure of all key suspects and participants
A petition calling for the personal and photo line of the key suspect, "Dr. Doctor," was filed on March 18 in the Cheong Wa Dae National Petition, and a petition was filed on March 20 calling for the disclosure of all participants in the Telegram Secret Room. By March 24, more than 2.57 million and 1.85 million people participated, respectively. The doctor's request for personal disclosure and photo line received the most consent in the history of the petition.
On the afternoon of March 24, National Police Agency Commissioner General Min Gap-ryong and Gender Equality and Family Minister Lee Jung-ok responded to the petition, and promised to set up a special digital sex crime investigation headquarters and prepare digital sex crime sentencing standards.
Gender Relations
South Korean gender profiling led to the blackmailing of female individuals. For example, in regards to the "Nth room case", females wanting to become models are given job offers through social media leading to them taking pornographic imagery of themselves. Users like Cho Joo-bin then blackmail these individuals threatening to release the content to their families.
Sentencing
On 26 November 2020, Cho Joo-bin was found guilty of his crimes and sentenced to a total of 40 years' imprisonment. Cho reportedly said that he wanted to apologize to his victims. The sentence was updated to 42 in prison in October 2021, according to the Netflix Documentary “Cyber Hell: Exposing an Internet Horror”.
Additionally the documentary reported that Moon Hyeong-Wook was sentenced to 34 years in prison in November 2021. It also reported that by collaborating with Crypto Currency companies, 3757 people linked to the Nth Room crimes, have been arrested as of December 2020. Of which 245 have been imprisoned.
See also
List of sexual abuses perpetrated by groups
Child grooming
Intimidation
Sex trafficking in South Korea
External links
Documentary by The Korea Times
Documentary by Netflix
References
Sex crimes in South Korea
Telegram (software)
Cybercrime in South Korea
Child sexual abuse in South Korea
2018 in South Korea
2019 in South Korea
2020 in South Korea
Sex trafficking
Incidents of violence against girls
2018 crimes in South Korea
2019 crimes in South Korea
2020 crimes in South Korea
Louis Édouard Lapicque (1 August 1866 – 6 December 1952) was a French neuroscientist, socialist activist, antiboulangist, dreyfusard and freemason who was very influential in the early 20th century. One of his main contributions was to propose the integrate-and-fire model of the neuron in a seminal article published in 1907. Today, this model of the neuron is still one of the most popular models in computational neuroscience for both cellular and neural networks studies, as well as in mathematical neuroscience because of its simplicity. A review article was published for the centenary of the original Lapicque's 1907 paper - this review also contains an English translation of the original paper.
His wife, Marcelle Lapicque, was also a neurophysiologist. Louis Lapicque "insisted on the importance of his wife as equal co-worker in all his research".
Works
Notice on titles and scientific works of Louis Lapicque (1908)
Excitability function of time, chronaxie, its meaning and its measure (1926)
Nervous machine (1943)
Neuromuscular isochronism and rythmogenic excitability (1947)
On reaction times according to races and social conditions (1901)
Quantitative research on nervous electrical excitation treated like a polarization (1907)
Consciousness as a cellular function (1952)
See also
Chronaxie
References
External links
Guide to the Louis Lapicque Papers
Louis Lapicque Papers in UTHSCSA Digital Archives
1866 births
French Freemasons
1952 deaths
People from Épinal
French neuroscientists
French physiologists
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Joaquín Ezpeleta Enrile (born 19 September 1788) was a Spanish politician and Spanish Army general officer who served as the 15th President of the Spanish Senate.
During his life, he served in many military and civil offices such as member of the Cortes Generales, Minister of the Crown and Civil Governor of Jaen, Captain-General of Cuba, Captain-General of Catalonia or Viceroy of Navarre, among others.
Biography
Ezpeleta was the son of the Count of Ezpeleta de Beire, Governor-General of Cuba from 1785 to 1789 and Viceroy of Nueva Granada from 1789 to 1797, and nephew of Pasqual Enrile y Alcedo, Governor-General of the Philippines. In late 1807 his father was appointed Captain-General of Catalonia and Ezpeleta was with him when the French troops, commanded by General Duhesme, attacked the city of Barcelona in 1808.
Ezpeleta was captured and moved to France but he escaped soon later and he re-enrolled into the Army, being captured again in 1812 and imprisoned until the end of the Peninsular War.
After returning to Spain he was promoted to Colonel. In 1822, he was injured during the uprising of the Royal Guard who tried to restore the absolutism. In 1830 he was promoted to field marshal and destinated to the Royal Guard. Four years later, he was rewarded with the Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic.
In 1835 he was appointed Civil and Military Governor of the Province of Jaén but the strength that the First Carlist War was acquiring forced that the Government destined him to the area of Navarre and the Ebro River to command the government troops. Ezpeleta helped General Espartero in the liberation of Bilbao and he secured some villages in Burgos and Biscay trying to stop the advance of the Carlist troops. This strategy did not success, but he achieves his objective in 1836 while helping General Santiago Méndez Vigo. He was injured in this last battle being pulled out from combat. Next month, Ezpeleta was appointed Viceroy of Navarre and promoted to lieutenant general. position that helped him to continue in the Carlist War.
In 1837 he was appointed second-in-command to the Captain-General of Cuba and a year later he was promoted to Captain-General of Cuba until 1840 when he resigned for health issues. During his time as Captain-General he organized a fire brigade and he promoted the establishment of a savings banks and the laying of railway lines, being rewarded for such advances with the Laureate Grand Cross of Saint Ferdinand, by royal decree of September 24, 1838.
He combined his military career with his political career, being elected MP for Navarre in 1834 and 1836 and life senator since 1845. From January to June 1852 he was Minister of War and from June to December of the same year Minister of the Navy. Briefly, during February and April 1853 he served as President of the Senate.
Ezpeleta was married to María de los Dolores de Contreras y Mencos, daughter of the Marquess of Lozoya. His brothers, Jose María and Fermin were also soldiers and politicians. His sister, María Concepción, married General Pedro Agustín Girón, meaning that Ezpeleta is the uncle of the 2nd Duke of Ahumada, founder of the Civil Guard.
References
1788 births
1863 deaths
19th-century Spanish politicians
Moderate Party (Spain) politicians
Presidents of the Senate of Spain
Spanish army officers
Recipients of the Royal and Military Order of Saint Hermenegild
Recipients of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Laureate Cross of Saint Ferdinand
A'Beckett or à Beckett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ada Mary à Beckett (1872–1948) Australian academic
Arthur A'Beckett (1812–1871), Australian surgeon and politician
Arthur William à Beckett (1844–1909), English journalist and intellectual
Edward a'Beckett (cricketer, born 1836) (1836–1922), Australian cricketer
Edward a'Beckett (cricketer, born 1940) (1940–2011), Australian cricketer
Gilbert Abbott à Beckett (1811–1856), English humorist
Gilbert Arthur à Beckett (1837–1891), English writer
Malwyn a'Beckett (1834–1906), English-born Australian cricketer who played for Victoria
Mary Anne à Beckett (1815–1863), English composer, primarily known for opera
Ted à Beckett (1907–1989), Australian cricketer who played in four Tests between 1928 and 1931
Sir Thomas à Beckett (1836–1919), Australian solicitor and judge
Thomas Turner à Beckett (1808–1892), lawyer and politician in Victoria, Australia
William à Beckett (1806–1869), British barrister and the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria
William Arthur Callendar à Beckett (1833–1901), Australian politician
William Channing A'Beckett (1846–1928), Australian politician
See also
Thomas Becket or à Becket (1119/20-1170), murdered Archbishop of Canterbury, Roman Catholic and Anglican saint and martyr
A'Becketts Creek, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
Bechet
Becket
Beckett (disambiguation)
Bucket
Surnames of English origin
Minor Hotels is an international hotel owner, operator and investor from Bangkok, Thailand with more than 550 hotels in 55 countries across Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Europe and the Americas. The hotel group operates as a subsidiary of Minor International PCL, one of the largest hospitality and leisure companies in the Asia Pacific region. The group operates hotels under the brands of Anantara Hotels, Resorts & Spas, Avani Hotels & Resorts, NH Hotels, NH Collection, nhow Hotels, Tivoli Hotels & Resorts, Oaks Hotels & Resorts and Elewana Collection.
History
American-born Thai businessman William Heinecke founded the hotel group in 1978 with opening of the Royal Garden Resort in Pattaya (later rebranded as the Pattaya Marriott Resort & Spa).
The first property of the group's brand, Anantara Hotels, Resorts, & Spas, opened in the Thai seaside town of Hua Hin in 2001.
The brand celebrated its 20th anniversary on 4th March 2021 and has more than 40 hotels and resorts across Asia, Africa, the Middle East, Indian Ocean and Europe. (22)
In 2018, Minor acquired NH Hotel Group comprising some 380 hotels, mostly in Europe and Latin America.
Anantara Hotels, Resorts & Spas
Anantara was founded in 2001 with the first luxury property in Thailand's seaside town of Hua Hin. Today, the operational portfolio includes more than 40 properties globally in Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Malaysia, Maldives, Mauritius, Mozambique, Oman, Portugal, Qatar, Spain, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Italy, Vietnam and Zambia.
Avani Hotels & Resorts
The sister brand of Anantara, Avani Hotels & Resorts, was launched in 2011, and operate more than 30 properties in Australia, Botswana, Cambodia, Indonesia, Korea, Laos, Lesotho, Malaysia, Mozambique, Namibia, New Zealand, Portugal, Seychelles, Sri Lanka, Thailand, the United Arab Emirates, Vietnam and Zambia.
Oaks Hotels & Resorts
Minor Hotels completed its takeover of Australian based Oaks Hotels and Resorts, Ltd in 2011. Oaks comprises more than 60 properties in Australia, New Zealand, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar. Minor Hotels now controls 54 percent of the Australian-based chain.
Tivoli Hotels & Resorts
In 2016, Portugal saw its largest ever hotel deal when Minor Hotel Group acquired Tivoli Hotels & Resorts, a hotel chain that owns 16 properties across Portugal, Brazil and Qatar. The acquisition, which marked Minor Hotel's entry into Europe and Latin America, totaled €294.2 million.
Elewana Collection
The Elewana Collection of 16 boutique lodges, camps and hotels is in Kenya and Tanzania..
NH Hotel Group
Minor Hotels acquired a 94.1% stake of NH Hotel Group during the last quarter of 2018.
Under three brands, that range from mid to high end (NH Hotels, NH Collection and nhow), it operates over 360 hotels in 30 countries, primarily in Europe and South America. In August 2020, Minor Hotels announced the introduction of the NH Collection brand into the Australian market, with a newbuild Sydney CBD property set to rise on Wentworth Street, opening to guests in 2023.
The Wolseley
Corbin & King is the owner of The Wolseley, the company is in turn owned by Minor Hotels. Jeremy King is the co-founder of Corbin & King (C&K). The winning auction bid by Minor Hotels was £60 million ($78.8m), resulting in end of Jeremy King's ownership.
Corporate activities
The Heinecke Foundation
The Golden Triangle Asian Elephant Foundation
The Mai Khao Turtle Foundation
Green Growth 2050 Global Standard
Anantara's 365 Days of Good Deeds
Dollars For Deeds
Sustainable Straws
Latest projects
Minor Hotel Group to Open Malaysia's First Anantara Hotel In December
Anantara Tozeur Resort Opens in Tunisia
Anantara Hotels, Resorts & Spas Announces Mauritius Debut With The Upcoming Opening of Anantara Mauritius Resort
Anantara Invites Guests To Immerse In Andalusian Charm With The Launch Of Anantara Villa Padierna Palace Benahavis Marbella Resort
Avani Continues Its Australian Expansion
Minor Hotels introduces SEEN Beach Club Samui
Thai hotel group Minor extends overseas diversification
Hemas and Minor Hotel Group introduce luxury brand, Anantara, to Sri Lanka
Thai Minor International to invest more than $1 bln in hotels, fast food over 5 yrs
Minor signs twin Anantara and Avani hotels in Abu Dhabi
Future projects
Anantara To Debut In Ireland
Avani Hotels Continues Expansion In Vietnam With Avani Doc Let Resort
Avani Hotels and Resorts To Open Two Resorts In Krabi
Minor Hotels Introduces Avani and Oaks brands to Yangon, Myanmar
Anantara Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky Amsterdam, to be opened in Autumn 2021
Avani To Open 10 New Hotels By The End Of 2022
Anantara Mamucabo Bahia Resort Brazil, to be opening in 2025
Partnerships
In early 2021, Minor Hotels entered a strategic partnership with Funyard Hotels & Resorts to fuel its China expansion. Through its partnership with Funyard Hotels & Resorts, a core alliance enterprise of Country Garden Group, the hospitality group will be bringing Anantara, Avani, Oaks, Elewana, Tivoli and NH brands to mainland China, many of them for the first time
Anantara Hotels, Resorts & Spas Announces Partnership With Siam Ocean Technology
Anantara Announces Global Partnership With Verita Healthcare Group With Inaugural Health Centre At Anantara Riverside Bangkok Resort
VLCC Ventures Into Global Wellness Tourism With Exclusive Global Ties-Up
Minor Hotels Establishes Asian Institute of Hospitality Management in Academic Association with Les Roches Global Hospitality Education
Minor International and Sun International Announce Strategic Partnership
Minor Hotel Group Forms Strategic African Partnership With UAE's Rani Investment
Global Giant Minor Renews Commitment To Sri Lanka Tourism
Minor Hotel Group Announces Partnership With Emirates Skywards
Minor International Partners With Hemas To Acquire Kani Lanka Resort & Spa
References
External links
1978 establishments in Thailand
Companies based in Bangkok
Hospitality companies established in 1978
Hospitality companies of Thailand
Hotel chains
Minor International
Timeshare
Nemti is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Sararud or Sara Rud or Sera Rud (), also rendered as Sararu, may refer to:
Sara Rud, Gilan
Sararud-e Olya, Kermanshah Province
Sararud-e Sofla, Kermanshah Province
Sararud, Markazi
L'Orignal Jail is a former jail in L'Orignal, Ontario, Canada built between 1824 and 1825 and decommissioned in 1998. It has since been restored and opened for guided tours during the summer. L'original has had 5 hangings.
References
Defunct prisons in Ontario
Buildings and structures in the United Counties of Prescott and Russell
Museums in the United Counties of Prescott and Russell
Prison museums in Canada
Tourist attractions in the United Counties of Prescott and Russell
1825 establishments in Upper Canada
1998 disestablishments in Ontario
Sir John Sibbald FRSE FBSE (24 June 1833 – 20 April 1905) was a 19th-century Scottish physician and amateur botanist. In 1855/56, aged 22, he served as president of the Royal Medical Society.
Life
He was born at 106 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh on 24 June 1833 the son of Jane Graham (1807–1875), from Clonmel, Ireland and William Sibbald (1799–1877).
He was educated at Merchiston Castle School then studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh. His first position was as House Surgeon at Perth Infirmary. He then did postgraduate studies in Paris. Returning to the UK he was assistant to Sir Richard Quain at Brompton Hospital. He obtained his doctorate (MD) from the University of Edinburgh in 1854.
From 1862 to 1870 he was living in Lochgilphead as medical superintendent of Argyll District Asylum. In 1870 he returned to Edinburgh to become deputy commissioner of the Royal Edinburgh Hospital under Dr David Skae. At this time he lived at 16 Dalrymple Crescent in the Grange district.
In 1872 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Ironically, this for his contributions to botany rather than medicine. His proposer was John Hutton Balfour.
From 1879 to 1899 he was Commissioner of Lunacy for Scotland. He was knighted by Queen Victoria in 1899 for his contributions to medicine. He was granted a Coat of Arms as a Knight Bachelor in 1901 with the motto "Sursum Specto".
He died of throat cancer at home 18 Great King Street, Edinburgh on 20 April 1905.
Family
In 1864, he married Sarah Jane Phelan (b. 1841) daughter of Bernard Paul Phelan of Clonmel (thought to be a second cousin). They had six children.
Publications
Insanity in its Public Aspect (1877)
Plans of Modern Asylums (1898)
Suicide Statistics in Scotland (1900)
References
1833 births
1905 deaths
Medical doctors from Edinburgh
People educated at Merchiston Castle School
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
19th-century Scottish medical doctors
Scottish botanists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Commissioners in Lunacy
Ellesse Jordan Gundersen (née Tzinberg; born 17 December 1991 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a Filipino equestrian athlete. She competed at the 2018 World Equestrian Games and at the 2018 World Cup Final aboard her horse Triviant. She became the first Filipino athlete to compete at the major dressage championships.
Biography
Ellesse Gundersen is born to an American-Australian father and a Filipino-Spanish mother. She started riding at an age of six, and competed already aged 12 in both dressage and show jumping. In 2008, she moved to the United States, where she started an equestrian scholarship at the Kansas State University. In 2009, she received her university degree at the University of San Diego. Her international equestrian career started at the age of 23 in Europe.
Personal life
Ellesse Gundersen is married to Henrik Gundersen and is the mother of a son Christian. They live in Wellington, Florida. She is fluent in English, Filipino, French, Malay and Danish.
Modelling
In 2010, she was scouted as a model while she visited Paris. She was offered a modelling contract to work as a professional. After working a full season as a model, she signed a contract for a modelling agency based in Los Angeles. After four years of modelling, she decided to return to the equestrian world to focus on her professional equestrian career.
Dressage results
World Championships
World Cup
Final
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Filipino female equestrians
Filipino dressage riders
People from Kuala Lumpur
Filipino expatriates in the United States
Filipino people of American descent
Filipino people of Australian descent
Filipino people of Spanish descent
Michael Mørkøv Christensen (; born 30 April 1985) is a Danish professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . He is the brother of racing cyclists Jacob and Jesper Mørkøv.
Career
Born in Kokkedal, Mørkøv started as a track cyclist, becoming national champion in the points race in 2004. In the 2008 Olympic games, he won the silver medal in the team pursuit.
As a road cyclist, Mørkøv became national time trial champion in 2005. Mørkøv rode the 2010 and 2011 Giro d'Italia, finishing both. Mørkøv rode his first Tour de France in 2012, drawing attention by featuring in the most important escapes of the first three stages, where he gained enough points to lead the mountains classification. He held polka-dot jersey until stage 7, where stage winner Chris Froome took it.
In 2013, he won Stage 6 in the Vuelta a España.
In August 2015, it was announced that Mørkøv would join for the 2016 season, at the request of Alexander Kristoff, with a view to working for Kristoff as part of his sprint train and as a domestique in the classics.
Mørkøv joined the Belgian Quick Step team in 2018 and since then has acted as a successful lead-out man for Sam Bennett and then, as a late replacement for Bennett as the team's sprinter for the 2021 Tour de France, Mark Cavendish. Mørkøv has been highly praised; Cavendish said “It's a known fact Michael is the best leadout man in the world" and retired sprinter Marcel Kittel said "Many sprinters would win with him as the last man on the sprint train".
In 2021 when the Madison track race was reinstated into the Olympic Games of Tokyo 2020, Mørkøv won the gold medal (partnered with Lasse Norman Hansen)
Major results
Road
2004
3rd Speditørløbet
2005
1st Team time trial, National Road Championships
2006
1st Post Cuppen Skive
2nd Team time trial, National Road Championships
4th Rund um den Elm
2007
2nd Ronde Van Vlaanderen Beloften
2008
1st Midt Data Løbet
1st Team time trial, National Road Championships
1st Stage 2 Giro del Capo
2nd Speditørløbet
2nd Duo Normand
9th GP Nordjylland
2009
7th Châteauroux Classic
2010
1st Herlev-løbet
3rd Time trial, National Road Championships
4th Overall Tour du Limousin
2011
1st Fyen Rundt
3rd Overall Danmark Rundt
8th GP Herning
10th Himmerland Rundt
2012
3rd Time trial, National Road Championships
4th Overall Post Cuppen
1st Roskilde
1st Ringsted
Tour de France
Held after Stages 1–6
Combativity award Stage 3 & 13
2013
1st Road race, National Road Championships
1st Stage 6 Vuelta a España
2nd Paris–Tours
4th Overall Tour de l'Eurométropole
2014
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
3rd Overall Tour de Luxembourg
5th Overall Tour of Qatar
2015
1st Stage 6 Danmark Rundt
2016
10th Gent–Wevelgem
2018
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2nd Fyen Rundt
2019
1st Road race, National Road Championships
3rd London–Surrey Classic
5th Road race, UEC European Road Championships
7th Cadel Evans Great Ocean Road Race
2020
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
5th Race Torquay
2021
5th Elfstedenronde
8th Classic Brugge–De Panne
2022
7th Milano–Torino
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
Track
2001
3rd Team pursuit, National Junior Track Championships
2002
National Junior Track Championships
2nd Individual pursuit
2nd Team pursuit
2003
National Junior Track Championships
1st Points race
2nd Team pursuit
2nd Team pursuit, National Track Championships
2004
National Track Championships
1st Points race
2nd Team pursuit
3rd UIV Cup München
2005
1st Madison (with Alex Rasmussen), UEC European Under-23 Track Championships
1st Overall UIV Cup
1st Stuttgart
1st Berlin
1st Amsterdam
2nd Copenhagen
3rd Bremen
2nd Madison, National Track Championships
2nd Sydney World Cup – Madison
2006
National Championships
1st Madison
1st Points race
3rd Team pursuit
3rd Scratch
Sydney World Cup (2005/06)
1st Team pursuit
1st Madison
1st Danmarksturneringen i Banecykling – Omnium
Sydney World Cup (2006/07)
2nd Team pursuit
2nd Madison
2nd Six Days of Grenoble (with Alex Rasmussen)
3rd Moscow World Cup – Madison
3rd Points race, UEC European Under-23 Track Championships
2007
National Track Championships
1st Madison
2nd Points race
3rd Team pursuit
Los Angeles World Cup
1st Madison
2nd Team pursuit
1st Six Days of Grenoble (with Alex Rasmussen)
3rd Team pursuit, UCI Track World Championships
3rd Sydney World Cup – Madison
3rd Six Days of Zürich (with Danny Stam)
2008
National Championships
1st Madison (with Alex Rasmussen)
1st Team pursuit
1st Scratch
1st Points race
Copenhagen World Cup
1st Madison
2nd Team pursuit
2nd Team pursuit, Olympic Games
Los Angeles World Cup
2nd Madison
2nd Team pursuit
2nd Six Days of Copenhagen (with Alex Rasmussen)
3rd Madison (with Alex Rasmussen), UCI Track World Championships
2009
1st Madison (with Alex Rasmussen), UCI Track World Championships
1st Madison (with Alex Rasmussen), National Track Championships
1st Six Days of Copenhagen (with Alex Rasmussen)
1st Six Days of Ghent (with Alex Rasmussen)
2nd Six Days of Munich (with Alex Rasmussen)
2010
1st Madison (with Alex Rasmussen), National Track Championships
1st Six Days of Berlin (with Alex Rasmussen)
1st Six Days of Copenhagen (with Alex Rasmussen)
3rd Six Days of Rotterdam (with Alex Rasmussen)
3rd Six Days of Ghent (with Alex Rasmussen)
2011
National Track Championships
1st Madison (with Alex Rasmussen)
1st Omnium
1st Six Days of Copenhagen (with Alex Rasmussen)
2nd Team pursuit, UEC European Track Championships
3rd Six Days of Berlin (with Alex Rasmussen)
2012
1st Six Days of Amsterdam (with Pim Ligthart)
2nd Six Days of Copenhagen (with Alex Rasmussen)
2013
1st Six Days of Copenhagen (with Lasse Norman Hansen)
2014
2nd Six Days of Copenhagen (with Alex Rasmussen)
3rd Six Days of Rotterdam (with Alex Rasmussen)
2015
1st Six Days of Ghent (with Iljo Keisse)
1st Six Days of Copenhagen (with Alex Rasmussen)
2nd Six Days of Rotterdam (with Alex Rasmussen)
2017
1st Six Days of Copenhagen (with Lasse Norman Hansen)
2nd Six Days of Rotterdam (with Lasse Norman Hansen)
2018
1st Six Days of Copenhagen (with Kenny De Ketele)
2019
1st Madison (with Lasse Norman Hansen), UEC European Track Championships
2020
1st Madison (with Lasse Norman Hansen), UCI Track World Championships
2021
1st Madison (with Lasse Norman Hansen), Olympic Games
1st Madison (with Lasse Norman Hansen), UCI Track World Championships
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Fredensborg Municipality
Danish male cyclists
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Denmark
Olympic gold medalists for Denmark
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
Olympic medalists in cycling
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Danish Vuelta a España stage winners
UCI Track Cycling World Champions (men)
Danish track cyclists
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
Alastalon salissa (In the Alastalo Parlor) is a 1933 landmark Finnish novel by Volter Kilpi. The two-volume, over 800-page story covers a period of only six hours, written partly in a stream-of-consciousness style similar to James Joyce's Ulysses—though some Finnish critics have argued that the stream-of-consciousness passages are neither as radical nor as extensive as Joyce's, and actually Kilpi's novel is closer in style and spirit to Marcel Proust's In Search of Lost Time.
The central narrative of Alastalon salissa describes a meeting of a group of wealthy men from Kustavi in the Archipelago Sea in Western Finland one October Thursday in the 1860s. The men are trying to decide whether to invest in a shipbuilding venture proposed by one of their number, Herman Mattsson, master of Alastalo. The novel's length stems from numerous digressions, internal monologues and a detailed accounting of each character's thought processes. In one famous scene, a character's journey to the mantelpiece to fetch a pipe is told in over seventy pages.
No complete English translation has been published; but in the early 1990s, the editors of Books From Finland asked David Barrett (1914–1998) to translate Kilpi's Alastalo into English; after translating just a few paragraphs Barrett declined the invitation:
Reluctantly (I really have tried) I have been driven to conclude that Alastalon salissa is untranslatable, except perhaps by a fanatical Volter Kilpi enthusiast who is prepared to devote a lifetime to it. To mention only one of the difficulties, there is no English equivalent to the style of the Finnish ‘proverbs' (real or imaginary) with which the main character Alastalo's thoughts are so thickly larded. Add to this the richness and, yes, eccentricity, of Kilpi's vocabulary, and the unfamiliarity of much of the subject-matter, centred as it is on the interests of a sea-going community that hardly exists any longer, even on the islands, and you have a text that is full of pitfalls for the translator. As for the humour, I'm sorry to say that it depends so much on the idiom and presentation that it doesn't come over at all. If I did any more, I'm afraid it would just have to be a laborious paraphrase, and I don't think I'm capable of making it effective, or even readable, in English.
Barrett's translation of the "untranslatable" opening pages of the novel are also published there. For a translation of a page and a half from later in the first chapter of the novel—the first major stream-of-consciousness passage—see pp. 247–49 of Douglas Robinson's Aleksis Kivi and/as World Literature.
Thomas Warburton has translated the novel into Swedish as I salen på Alastalo – en skärgårdsskildring (1997). Stefan Moster published a German translation Im Saal von Alastalo in 2021.
Further reading
Kurikka, Kaisa. “A New Approach to Language: Volter Kilpi's Alastalon Salissa (1933).” In Benedikt Hjartarson, Andrea Kollnitz, Per Stounbjerg and Tania Ørum, eds., A Cultural History of the Avant-Garde in the Nordic Countries 1925-1950, 761-69. Leiden and Boston: Brill.
Robinson, Douglas. Aleksis Kivi and/as World literature, 244-60. Leiden and Boston: Brill.
References
External links
"Volter Kilpi" at Britannica Online Encyclopedia
"Volter Kilpi" at the "375 Humanists" page maintained by the Faculty of Arts at the University of Helsinki
1933 novels
20th-century Finnish novels
Novels set in the 1860s
Novels set in Finland
Streamstown is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within the County of Vermilion River. It is located approximately west of Highway 17 and northwest of Lloydminster.
Demographics
The population of Streamstown according to the 2015 municipal census conducted by the County of Vermilion River is 20.
Attractions
The hamlet contains a hall for community events, a baseball diamond and a small park which housed a miniature model of the hamlet as it stood in 1945. The miniature model constructed by resident, Greg Davies (1939-2015) stood in the town from 2010 to 2016.
The Streamstown Cemetery, located just outside the hamlet, houses the grave of George Frederick Ives (1881–1993), the last surviving veteran of the Second Boer War.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of Vermilion River
Dimes Square is a nickname for a so-called "microneighborhood" of Manhattan, roughly located in between Chinatown and the Lower East Side neighborhoods of New York City. The exact perimeter of the neighborhood is debated. The nickname originates from a restaurant named Dimes, located at the intersection of Canal Street and Division Street. The nickname has transitioned from a term used "jokingly" to one used "semi-seriously".
The neighborhood and its culture became a subject of interest among some New York City media professionals beginning in 2021, and is associated with a handful of local podcasters and the neo-revival of traditional Catholicism.
References
Lower Manhattan
Chinatown, Manhattan
Lower East Side
In marketing, promotion refers to any type of marketing communication used to inform target audiences of the relative merits of a product, service, brand or issue, most of the time persuasive in nature. It helps marketers to create a distinctive place in customers' mind, it can be either a cognitive or emotional route. The aim of promotion is to increase brand awareness, create interest, generate sales or create brand loyalty. It is one of the basic elements of the market mix, which includes the four Ps, i.e., product, price, place, and promotion.
Promotion is also one of the elements in the promotional mix or promotional plan. These are personal selling, advertising, sales promotion, direct marketing publicity, word of mouth and may also include event marketing, exhibitions and trade shows. A promotional plan specifies how much attention to pay to each of the elements in the promotional mix, and what proportion of the budget should be allocated to each element.
Promotion covers the methods of communication that a marketer uses to provide information about its product. Information can be both verbal and visual.
Etymology and usage
The term promotion derives from the Old French, promocion meaning to "move forward", "push onward" or to "advance in rank or position" which in turn, comes from the Latin, promotionem meaning "a moving forward". The word entered the English language in the 14th century.
The use of the term promotion to refer to "advertising or publicity" is very modern and is first recorded in 1925. It may be a contraction of a related term, sales promotion, which is one element in the larger set of tools used in marketing communications. The terms, promotion and marketing communications can be used synonymously, but in practice, the latter is more widely used.
Purpose
There are three objectives of promotion. These are:
To present information to consumers and others.
To increase demand.
To differentiate a product.
The purpose of a promotion and thus its promotional plan can have a wide range, including: sales increases, new product acceptance, creation of brand equity, positioning, competitive retaliations, or creation of a corporate image.
The term 'promotion' tends to be used internally by the marketing function. To the public or the market, phrases like "special offer" are more common. Examples of a fully integrated, long-term, and large-scale promotion are My Coke Rewards in the USA or Coke Zone in the UK and Pepsi Stuff.
Types
There have been different ways to promote a product in person or with different media. Both person and media can be either physically real or virtual/electronic.
In a physical environment
Promotions can be held in physical environments at special events such as concerts, festivals, trade shows, and in the field, such as in grocery or department stores. Interactions in the field allow immediate purchases. The purchase of a product can be incentive with discounts (i.e., coupons), free items, or a contest. This method is used to increase the sales of a given product.
Interactions between the brand and the customer are performed by a brand ambassador or promotional model who represents the product in physical environments. Brand ambassadors or promotional models are hired by a marketing company, which in turn is booked by the brand to represent the product or service. Person-to-person interaction, as opposed to media-to-person involvement, establishes connections that add another dimension to promotion. Building a community through promoting goods and services can lead to brand loyalty.
Traditional media
Examples of traditional media include print media such as newspapers and magazines, electronic media such as radio and television, and outdoor media such as banner or billboard advertisements. Each of these platforms provide ways for brands to reach consumers with advertisements.
Digital media
Digital media, which includes Internet, social networking and social media sites, is a modern way for brands to interact with consumers as it releases news, information and advertising from the technological limits of print and broadcast infrastructures. Digital media is currently the most effective way for brands to reach their consumers on a daily basis. Over 2.7 billion people are online globally, which is about 40% of the world's population. 67% of all Internet users globally use social media.
Mass communication has led to modern marketing strategies to continue focusing on brand awareness, large distributions and heavy promotions. The fast-paced environment of digital media presents new methods for promotion to utilize new tools now available through technology. With the rise of technological advances, promotions can be done outside of local contexts and across geographic borders to reach a greater number of potential consumers. The goal of a promotion is then to reach the most people possible in a time efficient and a cost efficient manner.
Social media, as a modern marketing tool, offers opportunities to reach larger audiences in an interactive way. These interactions allow for conversation rather than simply educating the customer. Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, as well as alternate audio and media sites like SoundCloud and Mixcloud allow users to interact and promote music online with little to no cost. You can purchase and buy ad space as well as potential customer interactions stores as Likes, Followers, and clicks to your page with the use of third parties. As a participatory media culture, social media platforms or social networking sites are forms of mass communication that, through media technologies, allow large amounts of product and distribution of content to reach the largest audience possible.[2] However, there are downsides to virtual promotions as servers, systems, and websites may crash, fail, or become overloaded with information. You also can stand risk of losing uploaded information and storage and at a use can also be effected by a number of outside variables.
Brands can explore different strategies to keep consumers engaged. One popular tool is branded entertainment, or creating some sort of social game for the user. The benefits of such a platform include submersing the user in the brand's content. Users will be more likely to absorb and not grow tired of advertisements if they are, for example, embedded in the game as opposed to a bothersome pop-up ad.
Personalizing advertisements is another strategy that can work well for brands, as it can increase the likelihood that the brand will be anthropomorphized by the consumer. Personalization increases click-through intentions when data has been collected about the consumer.
Brands must navigate the line between effectively promoting their content to consumers on social media and becoming too invasive in consumers' lives. Vivid Internet ads that include devices such as animation might increase a user's initial attention to the ad. However, this may be seen as a distraction to the user if they are trying to absorb a different part of the site such as reading text. Additionally, when brands make the effort of overtly collecting data about their consumers and then personalizing their ads to them, the consumer's relationship with the advertisements, following this data collection, is frequently positive. However, when data is covertly collected, consumers can quickly feel like the company betrayed their trust. It is important for brands to utilize personalization in their ads, without making the consumer feel vulnerable or that their privacy has been betrayed.
Sponsorship
Sponsorship generally involves supplying resources (such as money) to a group or an event in exchange for advertising or publicity. Company will often help fund athletes, teams, or events in exchange for having their logo prominently visible.
See also
References
The Canton Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Canton, Haywood County, North Carolina. It includes 34 contributing buildings and one other contributing structure and includes architecture by Benton & Benton. It includes Early Commercial architecture and Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. Located in the district is the separately listed Colonial Theater. Other notable buildings include the P L & S Building (1932), Champion Fibre Company Office Building (1918), Champion Bank and Trust (c. 1925), Imperial Hotel (c. 1885; additions 1916 and 1925), and the former United States Post Office (1939).
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Buildings designated early commercial in the National Register of Historic Places
Geography of Haywood County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Haywood County, North Carolina
Marwan Marzouk Boodai is a Kuwaiti businessman and currently the CEO of Boodai Group, and chairman of Jazeera Airways.
The Boodai Group runs many businesses in Kuwait such as Jazeera Airways, City Bus,Go City, Limousine Services etc.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kuwaiti chief executives
Kuwaiti businesspeople
21st-century Kuwaiti businesspeople
Mike Cawdron (born 7 October 1974) is a former English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler. During his five years in first-class cricket, he played for Gloucestershire and Northamptonshire, representing the latter in Twenty20 cricket during 2003.
Cawdron's debut in first-class cricket came in August 1999, where he took five wickets against a strong Hampshire side, and made 42 runs, after closing out on the first day at the crease with Jack Russell.
He played extensively in the Second XI championship between 1992, where he debuted for Gloucestershire in August but failed to make too much of an impression, finishing the match with a mere single run to his credit. Thereon, he played regularly from 1999 onwards. Though he spent season 2002 out of the game, he played first-class cricket for five years, scoring decently throughout, and finishing with a workable average of 14. He finished his career in 2004, playing for Northamptonshire for his last two years. Michael Cawdron was the master in charge of cricket, Rackets Professional and teacher of Mathematics at Haileybury School. In September 2016, he was appointed teacher of Mathematics at Wellington College.
References
External links
Mike Cawdron at Cricket Archive.
1974 births
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Living people
First-Class Counties Select XI cricketers
Sportspeople from Luton
The Great Britain Wightman Cup team was the less successful team in the Wightman Cup tennis competition. The team won 10 titles out of 61 participations.
History
Great Britain won their first Wightman Cup in 1924. They won 10 out of 61 titles, only retaining the cup on two occasions; from 1924 to 1925 and from 1974 to 1975. Great Britain won its last Wightman Cup in 1978. In 1989, after eleven straight defeats, the Wightman Cup was wound up.
Members of the inaugural team
Geraldine Beamish
Mabel Clayton
Phyllis Covell
Kathleen McKane
Members of the last team
Jo Durie
Sara Gomer
Anne Hobbs
Clare Wood
See also
Wightman Cup
Great Britain Fed Cup team
Great Britain Davis Cup team
Wightman Cup
Great Britain team
Sicaya or Silaya is a locality in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. It is the seat of the Sicaya Municipality, the third municipal section of the Capinota Province.
References
Instituto Nacional de Estadistica de Bolivia (INE)
External links
Map of Capinota Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
W. Sydney Robinson (born 16 April 1986) is a British biographer and book reviewer. He was educated at Harrow School, the University of Manchester and the University of Cambridge, where he was a Research Associate between 2013 and 2015.
Biographer
He is best known as the authorized biographer of the Academy Award-winning screenplay writer and dramatist Sir Ronald Harwood. The book, Speak Well of Me: the authorized biography of Ronald Harwood was published by Oberon Books in May 2017 and charts Harwood's life from his impoverished childhood as part of a large Jewish family in South Africa to his years of success in the West End and Hollywood. Reviewing the book in The Times of London, theatre critic Benedict Nightingale described it as 'engaging' and 'entertaining'. The reviewer in the Jewish Chronicle, however, described it as 'wincingly florid' and 'egregious'.
Published works
Robinson has also published biographies of the Victorian investigative journalist W. T. Stead, Muckraker: the scandalous life and times of Britain's first investigative journalist, and a group biography of Sir William Joynson-Hicks, Dean Inge, Lord Reith and Sir Arthur Bryant, The Last Victorians: a daring reassessment of four twentieth century eccentrics. Muckraker was awarded the Political Biography of the Year Award at the 2013 Total Politics and Paddy Power Political Book Awards and was included in the 'Books of 2012' selection in The Sunday Times. In a review of The Last Victorians in The Spectator, biographer and historian Philip Ziegler commented that 'Robinson has real talent'.
Robinson has reviewed books in The Sunday Times, the TLS, the Spectator and the Literary Review.
Life
He lives in Northamptonshire and teaches full-time at Oundle.
References
External links
How I Write by W. Sydney Robinson
No Regrets: A Biographer's Celebration
Ann Widdecombe presents W. Sydney Robinson with Political Biography of the Year Award
1986 births
Living people
Teachers of Oundle School
People educated at Harrow School
British biographers
"He's Comin'" is a song recorded by the German artist Nana. It was released in September 1997 as the fourth single from his debut album, Nana. The song reached number four in Germany, as well as peaking at number 11 in Switzerland and number 14 in Austria.
Track listings
CD single (Europe, 1997)
"He's Comin'" (Radio Mix) - 3:57
"Let It Rain" (Radio Mix) - 3:44
"He's Comin'" (Video Edit) - 3:57
"He's Comin'" (Extended Mix) - 6:19
Music video
The music video was directed by Patric Ullaeus.
Charts and sales
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1997 singles
Songs written by Toni Cottura
1997 songs
Songs written by Bülent Aris
Lost Highway is the tenth studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi, released on June 19, 2007, in the US through Island Records. Produced by John Shanks and Dann Huff, the album was recorded at Black Bird Studios, Nashville and NGR Recording, Hollywood.
The album influences the band's rock sound with that of country music following the success of a country version of the band's 2006 single "Who Says You Can't Go Home", a duet with Jennifer Nettles, which reached No. 1 on the U.S. country chart in May 2006. Following the success had with the duet version of "Who Says You Can't Go Home", there are two songs on the album produced in collaboration with other artists, namely "We Got It Going On" featuring Big & Rich and the single "Till We Ain't Strangers Anymore" featuring LeAnn Rimes.
Described by Jon Bon Jovi as a "Bon Jovi album influenced by Nashville", the album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, becoming Bon Jovi's first ever album to debut at No. 1 and their third album to reach that position in the United States. The album was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2008 Grammy Awards. This was the band's first studio album in the country music genre.
Background
In the summer of 2006, Jon Bon Jovi revealed that he and Richie Sambora were planning to go to Nashville, Tennessee to record the next Bon Jovi album. Their intention was to write songs and record duets with famous country songwriters and artists. Jon explained: "I'm thinking of a Nashville sessions record. I'd like to knock out a quick record with a few country writers and artists and me and Richie. I'd like to get two or three artists to do duets with. I'd like to give a couple of Nashville songwriters a chance to shine, and Richie and I would write a few songs to prove we could hold our own with these guys." Band members went to Nashville in September 2006. and by December they had written, recorded and prepared for mixing ten out of twelve songs. In early 2007, Jon Bon Jovi pulled back the album and wrote five more songs and two of them made the album.
Bon Jovi had a lot of success with 'Who Says You Can't Go Home', the second single from Have a Nice Day (2005). It reached #1 on U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart making Bon Jovi the first rock band to top that chart. The song also won a Grammy award and People's Choice Award. Inspired by its success, the band thought of making a country-influenced Bon Jovi album in Nashville. Jon contacted L.A. Reid from Island and told him about the idea and through the conversation he realized the downside of making that kind of album, but he still wanted to do it because he wanted to express his artistic freedom. When the band came to Nashville, they didn't know what kind of album it would be, but they knew what they would write about.
A lot of things happened in the band members' personal lives after the Have a Nice Day Tour. "If someone had said, You're going to write a record in September, having come off the road in August," noted Bon Jovi in 2007, "I would have said no, because I wasn't going to repeat the mistake of Slippery into New Jersey. But then I started observing things happening in our world. Richie went through a divorce [from Heather Locklear] and his dad passed away [from cancer]. Meanwhile Dave got a divorce and was fighting for custody of his kids. Watching the sadness, compounded by these newfound freedoms for Richie and Dave as individuals, make me think about what we should write about."
The band met with songwriters from Nashville who had written hits, but there was no chemistry in the studio. Instead, they worked with less known and successful artists and found chemistry among themselves. Those songwriters are Billy Falcon with whom they wrote "Everybody's Broken" and "I Love This Town", Brett James with whom they wrote "Till We Ain't Strangers Anymore", Gordie Sampson with whom they wrote "Any Other Day" and Hillary Lindsey with whom they wrote "Seat Next to You". They recorded half the album in Starstruck Studios and Blackbird Studios in Nashville and the other half in Henson Recording Studios and NRG Recording Studios in Hollywood. Band members stayed at Hermitage Hotel where Bon Jovi and Sambora wrote songs for the album.
The band worked with producers John Shanks, who co-produced their previous album Have a Nice Day (2005) and Dan Huff who was the additional producer on the country version of the song "Who Says You Can't Go Home". Each producer produced six songs. Shanks produced and also co-wrote "Lost Highway", "Summertime", "Whole Lot of Leavin'", "Everybody's Broken", "The Last Night" and "One Step Closer". Those songs were recorded in Henson Recording Studios in Los Angeles and Starstruck Studios in Nashville and they were engineered by Jeff Rothschild. Remaining songs "(You Want to) Make a Memory", "We Got It Going On", "Seat Next to You", "Till We Ain't Strangers Anymore" and "I Love This Town" were recorded in Blackbird Studios in Nashville and NRG Recording Studios in Hollywood and they were engineered by Justin Niebank and Mark Hagen. After album was recorded, Jon wasn't satisfied with the mix of the album because it didn't have dynamics and range so he decided it needed to be re-mixed.
The title track "Lost Highway" is a song that talks about going on a new and unknown place that no one knows exists. They took the title from Nashville record label Lost Highway Records formed by Luke Lewis. Jon explained: "That name and what it brought up in your mind, that dark road stretching out in front of you, intrigued me. I wanted to go down that road and see where it led. I think it was a perfect image for where I am in my life and where Richie was and maybe for where you are? That idea, of being out there somewhere new, out in the open, on that blacktop, really excited me. No one knows where it's going or if it even exists - I don't know and I don't think anyone else does either".
"We Got It Going On" is song that was written after Jon Bon Jovi met Big Kenny and John Rich in a bar. They started a conversation and after five minutes they had come up with a title, lyrics and music. It is influenced by the Beastie Boys. "Till We Ain't Strangers Anymore" is a song that was originally cut in a lower key to suit a male vocalist. Since the band couldn't find any male singer who was satisfactory, they decided to re-record the song entirely in a different key and try female singers. After multiple failed attempts with different singers, they tried recording with LeAnn Rimes. Jon explained: "We wanted a woman, not a girl, on the song. And we knew she could bring that. There was no ego involved; she came in and did her job and did an amazing job". "One Step Closer" is a song that is about getting one step closer to something, hopefully something good.
Promotion
Jon served as a keynote speaker at the 2007 Country Radio Seminar (CRS) in Nashville. As a part of the seminar, the band performed a private concert at Nashville's Cannery Ballroom for about 400 invited country programmers. The band performed many songs from the new album along with their hits. "We Got It Going On" was chosen as a theme song for the Arena Football League's weekly programming which debuted on March 4, 2007, at 12:30 ET on ABC and was also used in a show-opening video which took fans inside an Arena Football League arena. The footage aired before games between the Dallas Desperados and the New York Dragons, and the Chicago Rush and the Kansas City Brigade. Jon Bon Jovi has recorded team-specific lyrics for every one of the AFL franchises that aired throughout the season. Title track "Lost Highway" also appeared in the film Wild Hogs (2007). The album title, first single and their release dates were announced on March 19, 2007. The first single of the album, "(You Want to) Make a Memory", was released on radio stations on March 20, 2007. and on the same day it was put on a stream on the band's official website. Pre-orders for the album started on May 10, 2007. iTunes Store pre-orders offered the instant download of the first single "(You Want to) Make a Memory" and live versions of "(You Want to) Make a Memory" and "Lost Highway" recorded at the Cannery Ballroom in Nashville. On June 5, 2007, Bon Jovi played three and a half hour set with 20 songs in Steiner Studios. The band taped this show for an Unplugged special which was broadcast on MTV, VH1 and CMT. On June 22, MTV broadcast a half-hour version of the concert, VH1 broadcast a one-hour version of the concert on June 23, while CMT broadcast an hour and a half long version of the concert on June 24, 2007. On June 12th, 2007, VH1 put on a preview of the entire album on their official website. On June 24, 2007, Bon Jovi opened The O2 Arena in London and played concert which coincided with the release of this album. Tickets for this concert went on sale on April 20, 2007, at 9 a.m. and were sold out in one minute, and was the only Bon Jovi concert in the United Kingdom in 2007. It was the first time in 15 years that Bon Jovi played indoors in the United Kingdom.
Tour
In the summer of 2007, Bon Jovi performed ten concerts around the world as part of the Lost Highway promotion, with plans for a full greatest hits world tour in 2008. However, after Lost Highway did better than expected, the world tour was moved forward to the fall of 2007, and was renamed the Lost Highway Tour. The tour consisted of ten dates in New Jersey, followed by Canadian and Japanese tours, as well as the band's first stadium concert in New Zealand since the These days tour. The tour also saw them play Australia for the first time since their brief appearance at the Rumba Festivals in 2002, playing sold-out shows in Melbourne, Sydney and Perth. The band then toured the U.S. and Europe in spring and summer 2008, before returning to North America for a few more summer shows, including a free concert in Central Park in New York City.
Critical and commercial reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 64 out of 100, which indicates generally favorable reviews, based on 12 reviews. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from AllMusic gave the album 3 stars out of 5 stating that "Lost Highway recalls nothing so much as a latter-day Bon Jovi record in how it balances fist-pumping arena anthems with heavy doses of sentiment". Helen Groom from BBC gave positive statement about the album saying that "Lost Highway hasn't lost any of the huge sing-along choruses that has made Bon Jovi one of the largest stadium rocking bands in the world, but to their credit, they are trying something a bit different at the same time as giving their fans what they want". Karen Shoemer from Blender gave the album 3 stars out of 5 saying that "Luckily, Bon Jovi's country-music move yields just... one irritant". Whitney Pastorek from Entertainment Weekly rated album with B− stating that "Bon Jovi have mostly just succeeded in making a slightly above-average Bon Jovi disc — albeit one with a lot more songs about driving". Nate Chinen from The New York Times gave a positive statement about the album saying that "[It] yield[s] unsurprising but reasonably strong results". Evan Davies from NOW gave the album NNN out of NNN saying that "Overall, as safe as Highway might be, there's no way long-time fans won't buy it". Rob Sheffield from Rolling Stone gave the album 3 stars out of 5 stating that "Lost Highway moves in on Nashville as shrewdly as "It's My Life" skimmed Stockholm seven years ago". Luke Turner from Yahoo! Music UK gave the album 7 stars out 10 saying that "Love it or hate it, "Lost Highway" will be joining supersize 7-11 sodas and loud bumper stickers as the accessory of choice for drivers across America this summer".
After its first week on sale, Lost Highway entered the Dutch, German, Swiss, and Japanese album charts at No. 1, and the UK Album Chart at No. 2, below The Traveling Wilburys Collection. It entered the Irish and Australian charts at No. 5, although after the conclusion of Bon Jovi's Australian tour the album climbed to No. 2. In Japan, the album debuted at No. 1 and sold 73,212 copies in its first week of release on Oricon charts. This is the fourth such time, breaking The Beatles and the Bay City Rollers' record as a Western band (under Oricon's definition) of having three number one albums in the country. In the UK the album sold 79,000 copies in its first week, an improvement on Have a Nice Days first-week sales of 54,000. In Denmark, the album debuted at No. 5, but went to No. 1 after five weeks on the charts. In the U.S., the album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with 292,000 copies sold in its first week. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA in October 2008.
Track listing
Personnel
As listed in the liner notes.Bon JoviJon Bon Jovi – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Richie Sambora – lead guitar, backing vocals, talk box on "We Got It Going On"
Tico Torres – drums, percussion
David Bryan – keyboards, backing vocalsAdditional personnel'
Hugh McDonald – bass guitar, backing vocals
Big & Rich – vocals on "We Got It Going On"
John Catchings – cello
Daniel Chase – keyboards, programming
Eric Darken – percussion
Dan Dugmore – pedal steel guitar
Paul Franklin – pedal steel guitar
Carl Gorodetzky – violin
Kurt Johnston – pedal steel guitar, backing vocals
Charlie Judge – conductor, programming, string arrangements, synthesizer
Greg Leisz – pedal steel guitar
Hillary Lindsey – backing vocals on "Seat Next to You"
Steve Nathan – piano, Hammond B-3 organ
Carole Rabinowitz-Neuen – cello
LeAnn Rimes – vocals on "Till We Ain't Strangers Anymore"
Pam Sixfin – violin
Kris Wilkinson – viola
Jonathan Yudkin – conductor, string arrangements, accordion, fiddle
Gary McGrath - NRG assigned engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
Bon Jovi albums
2007 albums
Country albums by American artists
Albums produced by Dann Huff
Albums produced by John Shanks
Island Records albums
Mercury Records albums
LNK (Laisvas ir nepriklausomas kanalas) is a commercial television channel operating in Lithuania and owned by MG Baltic Media. It is a free to air TV channel targeted towards a Lithuanian audience. It mainly broadcasts local entertainment, dubbed movies, lifestyle shows and news.
Over 1 million people watch LNK every day.
History
LNK was launched on 5 May 1995 and mainly retransmitted Russian programs from ORT (Now Channel One Russia). In 1996, they were replaced by original content. In 1996, LNK opened its headquarters in Vilnius. In 2003, the channel was bought by MG BALTIC GROUP. In 2012, LNK switched to Digital television. LNK shows mostly Lithuanian Shows, series and more.
In November 2018, LNK launched a high-definition channel, LNK HD.
Sister channels
LNK is a part of LNK TV GROUP, the group consists of 5 TV channels:
BTV
TV1
INFO TV
2TV
LNK.LT (VOD platform)
LNK Group accounts for 28.4% of Lithuania's TV market.
Programming
Lithuanian programs
Entertainment shows:
Aš matau tavo balsą — local adaptation of I Can See Your Voice
KK2 and KK2 Penktadienis
Lietuvos balsas (The Voice of Lithuania)
Lietuvos balsas. Vaikai. (The Voice of Lithuania. Kids)
Lietuvos balsas. Senjorai. (The Voice of Lithuania. Senior)
Šokio revoliucija
Kaukės (Masked Singer Lithuania)
Lifestyle shows:
Nuo... iki.
Bus visko
Talk shows:
Bučiuoju. Rūta
VIDO VIDeO
More shows:
Šeškinės 20 (Comedy Show)
Gyvūnų Pasaulis (About Animals)
Teleloto
News programs:
LNK žinios
Labas vakaras, Lietuva
Vidurdienio Žinios
Lithuanian Series:
Rimti Reikalai
Monikai Reikia Meilės
Foreign programs
Series
Yasak Elma (Turkish series)
Sen Çal Kapımı (Drama, Love, Comedy, Turkish series)
Yargı (Drama, Detective, Turkish series)
Two lives (Drama, Spanish series)
Reality Shows
Панянка-селянка (Ukrainian and Polish)
A Farmer Wants a Wife (Australian)
Wife Swap (Australian)
Animation
Oggy and the cockroaches (French animated series)
Kikoumba
Bunnicula (Dark Comedy)
Maya the Bee (German Film)
Tom and Jerry
See also
List of Lithuanian television channels
Arūnas Valinskas
References
External links
LNK TV
TV1
Television channels in Lithuania
Television channels and stations established in 1995
1995 establishments in Lithuania
Corey A. Baker (born November 23, 1989) is an Israeli-American former professional baseball pitcher in the St. Louis Cardinals organization, and a former video replay coordinator for the Minnesota Twins. He plays for the Israel National Baseball Team.
While in high school, Baker played three seasons for the Bayside Yankees traveling baseball team and had a 20-1 record. He pitched in college for the University of Pittsburgh Panthers, was named in 2010 to the All-Big East First Team, and to the ABCA/Rawlings All-East Region First Team, and ended his college career as the university's all-time career wins leader, with 24.
Baker was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 49th round of the 2011 Major League Baseball draft. In 2013, he was a Midwest League All Star with the Peoria Chiefs. In May 2016, he was named Texas League Pitcher of the Week while pitching for the AA Springfield Cardinals.
In September 2016 Baker pitched as a starter for Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier, winning his only start. He also pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic main tournament. In October 2018, he became a dual Israeli citizen. Baker is competing on the Israel national baseball team for qualification for the 2020 Olympics.
Early and personal life
Baker was born in New York, New York, to Mark (a TV producer, who grew up in Brooklyn) and Leah Baker, and was raised in New City, New York. He is Jewish, and grew up attending a Reform congregation in New City, where he attended Hebrew school twice a week and had his bar mitzvah. Baker played in the Maccabi Games in the 11-to-12 age group. He now lives in Seattle, Washington.
In October 2018 he became a dual Israeli citizen, partly to help Israel's baseball team make the 2020 Olympics.
High school
Baker attended Clarkstown South High School in West Nyack, New York, where for three years he pitched and played second base. He was a two-time all-league selection as a junior and senior, and named all-county, all-section, and runner-up Section Player of the Year as a senior, and threw a no-hitter in his final season. He graduated in 2007. He also played three seasons of summer baseball for the Bayside Yankees traveling baseball team, for whom he had a 20-1 record.
College
Baker then pitched for the University of Pittsburgh Panthers, attending the school on a partial baseball scholarship, while majoring in history and minoring in political science. As a sophomore, in March 2009 he was named Big East Pitcher of the Week. As a junior, in 2010 he was 11-3 (with his 11 wins the third-most in the country) and was named to the All-Big East First Team, and to the ABCA/Rawlings All-East Region First Team. He ended his career with the school as the Pittsburgh Panthers' all-time career wins leader, with 24, and fourth all-time in school history with 221 strikeouts.
He plans to eventually return to school to study for a master's degree in Sports Management.
Minor leagues
Baker was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 49th round of the 2011 Major League Baseball draft (a round that no longer exists, as the following year the MLB draft was limited to 40 rounds), and signed for a small bonus. He made his professional debut in 2011 with the Batavia Muckdogs of the Class A- New York-Pennsylvania League. He started the 2013 season playing for the Peoria Chiefs of the Class A Midwest League where he was an Star, and then pitched for the Palm Beach Cardinals of the Class A+ Florida State League, before joining the Springfield Cardinals of the Class AA Texas League at the end of the season. In 2014, he pitched for Palm Beach and Springfield, and in a combined 37 games (5 starts) he was 6-2 with a 2.87 ERA and 2 saves.
On August 31, 2015, Baker pitched his first career shutout for Springfield. That year, after leading all Springfield pitchers with 88 strikeouts as he split time between the starting rotation and the bullpen, he led Springfield to the Texas League playoffs. Springfield pitching coach Jason Simontacchi said of Baker that he: can pitch as a closer ... middle relief, and as a starter. Baker throws strikes. ... He's got a super sinker, when it is right, it is very good, and I think that pitch could play at the big-league level. His changeup is a swing and miss pitch, can throw it in any count, and he mixes in a slider towards righties.
Pitching for Springfield again the following season, he was named Texas League Pitcher of the Week for April 25-May 1, 2016. Baker then ended the season pitching as a starter for the Memphis Redbirds of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League.
Baker was a non-roster invitee to the Cardinals major league spring training camp in 2017. He began the season pitching in relief as a closer for Springfield. At mid-season, he was a Texas League All-Star. On July 13, 2017, Baker was released from Cardinals organization after having spent 7 years in their minor league system. Pitching for the Springfield Cardinals in 2017, in 40 innings over 25 relief appearances he had a 2.48 ERA and led the team with six saves, in six save opportunities.
In the 2017-18 season, Baker pitched for the Leones del Caracas of the Venezuelan Winter League, where he was 1-0 with a 3.74 ERA in 15 games.
Minnesota Twins replay coordinator
At the start of the 2018 season, Baker retired as a player. He joined the Minnesota Twins as their replay coordinator for the 2018 season.
Team Israel
Baker pitched for Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier. As part of demonstrating that Baker was Jewish and therefore eligible to pitch for Team Israel, his family sent the team a bar mitzvah photo of Baker at age 13, wearing a yarmulke and dark suit, and holding a torah. Baker's only appearance in the tournament was a start in the second game against Brazil. Israel won the game 1-0, advancing to the finals, and Baker was credited with the win. Baker threw 83 pitches over 5 shutout innings, while giving up a hit, three walks, and striking out six.
Baker pitched as the # 2 starter for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic in the main tournament, in March 2017.
Baker is competing on the Israel national baseball team for qualification for the 2020 Olympics. He pitched in one game in relief as the team played in the 2019 European Baseball Championship - B-Pool in early July 2019 in Blagoevgrad, Bulgaria, winning all of its games and advancing to the playoffs against Team Lithuania in the 2019 Playoff Series at the end of July 2019 for the last qualifying spot for the 2019 European Baseball Championship. He was 0-0 with a 4.50 ERA in two innings.
References
External links
Twitter
1989 births
Baseball players from New York (state)
Batavia Muckdogs players
Jewish American baseball players
Living people
Memphis Redbirds players
Palm Beach Cardinals players
Sportspeople from New York City
People from New City, New York
Peoria Chiefs players
Pittsburgh Panthers baseball players
Springfield Cardinals players
2017 World Baseball Classic players
Israeli American
Israeli baseball players
21st-century American Jews
Adventure comics may refer to:
Adventure comics, a genre of adventure fiction
Adventure Comics, an American comic book series
Hetty Sorrel is a major character in George Eliot's novel Adam Bede (1859).
Beautiful but thoughtless Hetty lives in the fictional community of Hayslope — a rural, pastoral and close-knit community in 1799. Her home is on Mr. Martin Poyser's dairy farm as she is his niece. Because she is an extremely pretty girl, she is admired by Mr. Craig and Adam Bede as well as Captain Arthur Donnithorne. Aside from her great physical beauty, George Eliot takes care to make it clear that she does not have many attractive personal qualities. She is spoiled, cold, insensitive, indifferent to other people's problems, and almost comically vain and selfish.
Hetty is a cousin by marriage of Dinah Morris, a fervent Methodist lay preacher. In contrast to Hetty, Dinah is depicted as completely pure, generous, unselfish, modest, and unfailingly compassionate.
Story
The novel revolves around a love triangle between vain and pleasure-loving Hetty Sorrel, Captain Arthur Donnithorne, the young squire who seduces her, Adam Bede, her unacknowledged lover, and Dinah Morris.
Adam is in love with Hetty. Though she is only a milkmaid, Hetty secretly longs for the luxurious life of an upper class lady. She is attracted to Captain Donnithorne and soon falls in love with him. When Adam interrupts a tryst between them, Adam and Arthur fight. Arthur leaves Hayslop to return to his militia. Broken-hearted, she agrees to marry Adam but shortly before their marriage, discovers she is pregnant, and having second thoughts, leaves in search of Arthur. She cannot find Arthur, and unwilling to return to the village and shame her family, she delivers her baby anonymously. She kills the child by abandoning it in a field, where it dies of exposure.
Hetty is caught and tried for child murder. She is found guilty and sentenced to hang. When Arthur Donnithorne, on leave from the militia for his grandfather's funeral, hears of her impending execution, he races to the court and has the sentence commuted to transportation.
According to The Oxford Companion to English Literature (1967),
"the plot [of Adam Bede] is founded on a story told to George Eliot by her aunt Elizabeth Evans, a Methodist preacher, and the original of Dinah Morris of the novel, of a confession of child-murder, made to her by a girl in prison."
References
The Oxford Companion to English Literature (1967)
George Eliot characters
The 1865 Atlantic hurricane season included two landfalling hurricanes, with one that caused over 325 deaths. The first storm was reported on May 30 by ships in the western Caribbean. A month later, a storm hit southern Texas, and in late August, a storm paralleled the coastline of the Carolinas. The fourth storm of the season was also the longest-lasting, forming east of the Lesser Antilles before hitting Guadeloupe and eventually moving ashore in Louisiana. In both of its major landfalls, the storm left many houses destroyed. There was confusion whether or not the fifth storm of the season was separate from the fourth storm, as both systems struck Louisiana in September. Another hurricane occurred in late September, before the final storm of the season developed north of Panama. The final hurricane struck Cuba and Key West, Florida before dissipating north of Bermuda on October 25.
At one time, one hurricane researcher identified a tropical storm over Cuba in late August, although there was no evidence the storm actually existed. There was also a report of a hurricane over Louisiana on October 22, although it is unknown if it was related to other storms in the season. There may have been additional unconfirmed tropical cyclones during the season. Meteorologist Christopher Landsea estimates up to six storms were missed from the official database, due to small tropical cyclone size, sparse ship reports, and relatively unpopulated coastlines.
Timeline
Systems
Tropical Storm One
On May 30, a tropical storm in the western Caribbean Sea wrecked a ship named the "Golden Rule", which was sailing from New York to the east coast of Nicaragua. The ship first encountered the storm on May 29, reporting high winds and heavy rainfall. After the wreck, the crew sailed to a nearby island, where they were rescued by two United States ships after 10 days. The winds were estimated at 60 mph (95 km/h), although the entire track of the storm is unknown, HURDAT has done its best to track it.
Tropical Storm Two
The second known storm of the season was reported near Brownsville, Texas on June 30. Its existence is known based on a newspaper report in the New Orleans Times. The winds were estimated at 60 mph (95 km/h); however, it is a potentially unreliable estimate due to a lack of significant population providing observations. The entire track of the storm is unknown. It is possible that a Tropical Depression reported by newspapers 1 day later was the same as this one, except at a lower intensity and wind speed.
Tropical Storm Three
A ship off the coast of Hatteras, North Carolina sustained damage from a storm on August 20. Further ship reports indicated the tropical storm maintained a general northeast track off the North Carolina coastline. On August 22 the storm made its closest approach to the state, and while remaining offshore it produced winds of around along the coast. Around that time, the storm attained peak winds of 70 mph (120 km/h) over the ocean. On August 23, high waves from the storm left one ship's cargo a complete wreck. It was last observed on August 24 to the southeast of Nantucket.
Hurricane Four
The Sabine River-Lake Calcasieu Hurricane of 1865
The fourth tropical cyclone of the season, also the longest-lasting, was first observed on September 6 to the east of the Lesser Antilles. A small cyclone, it tracked westward and struck Guadeloupe as a fully developed hurricane. Many residents in the small nearby island of Marie-Galante evacuated to Guadeloupe, but some died in the attempt. In Îles des Saintes, the hurricane destroyed all but two buildings. Damage was similarly heavy in Basse-Terre. The overall death toll was estimated at 300, including 36 on Marie-Galante. After moving through the Lesser Antilles, the hurricane moved through the Caribbean Sea, passing between Jamaica and Haiti and bypassing Cuba to the south. It curved northward in the Gulf of Mexico, moving ashore on September 13 near the border between Texas and Louisiana with an estimated atmospheric pressure of .
Upon moving ashore, the hurricane produced high tides as far east as the mouth of the Mississippi River, in addition to as far inland as Calcasieu Lake, Louisiana. Three towns were destroyed, causing two of them to be abandoned. Across the state, there were 25 deaths, many of them in Leesburg. In neighboring Texas, damage was greatest in Orange, where 196 homes were destroyed out of the 200 in the town. The hurricane capsized 19 boats in the Sabine River, causing multiple deaths. The hurricane weakened over Louisiana and dissipated over Arkansas on September 14. It was also known as the "Sabine River-Lake Calcasieu Storm".
Tropical Storm Five
A tropical storm struck the south-central Louisiana coast on September 7, while the previous system was located over the Caribbean. The storm wrecked a ship, and its winds were estimated around 70 mph (120 km/h). The track was incomplete, and there was a possibility that the storm was misreported as the previous hurricane.
Hurricane Six
On September 28, a ship encountered a hurricane to the northeast of the Turks and Caicos islands. The winds in the hurricane extended far to the northwest, and high waves affected the southeast United States coast from Charleston, South Carolina to Cape Hatteras. The hurricane's track is unknown.
Hurricane Seven
The final tropical cyclone of the season formed on October 18, just north of the coast of Panama. The storm brushed the country's coast with high waves for several days, causing $300,000 in damage (1865 USD). Moving north-northwestward, the storm intensified into a hurricane by October 21 over the western Caribbean. After turning more to the north, it struck Cuba, producing strong winds that destroyed the roof of the Belen College Observatory in Havana. In the city, the hurricane destroyed several boats and houses. A station on the island recorded a pressure of 975 mbar (28.78 inHg), suggesting winds of about 80 mph (135 km/h).
After crossing the island, the hurricane intensified further over the Florida straits until striking Key West, Florida, where peak winds were estimated around 105 mph (165 km/h). Its pressure was estimated at , and the hurricane either sunk or washed every boat ashore at the harbor in Key West. Rainfall totaled over a three-day period. In nearby Fort Jefferson in the Dry Tortugas, the hurricane destroyed one building and damaged several others, killing one person. It later moved across the Florida mainland, weakening slightly. It is possible that this hurricane crossed over from the Pacific, however Pacific records are inaccurate at this time. About a dozen ships encountered the hurricane across the western Atlantic, before the storm was last observed on October 25 north of Bermuda.
See also
List of tropical cyclones
Atlantic hurricane season
Tropical cyclone observation
Atlantic hurricane reanalysis project
References
Atlantic hurricane seasons
1865 meteorology
Articles which contain graphical timelines
1865 natural disasters
Julia Pettee (August 23, 1872 – May 30, 1967) was an American librarian best known for developing the Union Classification, used to classify theological books. Pettee served for thirty years as head cataloger of the Union Theological Seminary library and made fundamental contributions to cataloging theory and practice.
Early life and library work
Julia Pettee was born in Lakeville, Connecticut on August 23, 1872. She attended Mount Holyoke Seminary and College until 1892, and graduated from the Pratt Institute Library School in Brooklyn in 1895. Pettee was one of the first generation of professionally trained librarians.
She continued her education at Vassar College, while working half time in the library as a cataloger. She received her A.B. degree in 1899. She worked at Vassar until 1909; during that time, she also took leaves of absence to reorganize and catalog the Rochester Theological Seminary library collection.
From 1909 until 1939, she worked as the head cataloger at Union Theological Seminary in New York. In addition to developing the library's classification scheme, she also developed specialized lists of subject headings and church names for theological libraries. During her time at Union, she took a leave of absence to work at the Library of Congress, assisting in the development of the religion section of the Library of Congress Classification. She was active in the American Library Association, including her work on the Catalog Code Revision Advisory Committee revising the cataloging code of 1908; Pettee chaired the subcommittee on religious headings. She was a member of the Decimal Classification Committee of the American Library Association in 1922. Her 1936 article "The Development of Authorship Entry and the Formation of Authorship Rules as Found in the Anglo-American Code" has been described as "the base of modern conceptions of editions, works, literary, and bibliographical units".
Union Classification
When Pettee arrived at Union Theological Seminary, books were shelved via a fixed location system, with each book marked with the shelf where it had been placed. She determined that none of the existing classification schemes were adequate; what "was needed was not another general classification scheme or a classification for theology only but a hybrid scheme to look at the whole world of knowledge from the perspective of the theologian and student of theology, encompassing all the works in Union's collection."
Pettee was inspired by the arrangement of exhibits created by Hugo Münsterberg for the Congress of Arts and Sciences held during the Saint Louis World's Fair in 1904, emphasizing the interrelationship of areas of human knowledge. She also took inspiration from Alfred Cave's An Introduction to Theology and Charles R. Gillett's classed catalog.
The Classification of the Library of Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York was first published in 1924; a revised edition was published in 1939, and a second revised edition was published in 1967, edited by Ruth C. Eisenhart. It used both letters and numbers in its notation, following the Cutter Classification. The arrangement of the theology sections were devised by Pettee; she used parts of the Library of Congress Classification for arranging non-religious material. As in the LC classification and the Dewey Decimal Classification, separate tables allowed for subdivision by form or geographic area. On the publication of its revised edition, the Union classification was "the most comprehensive scheme for the arrangement of religious literature now published in any language."
The main divisions of the classification were:
Historical Sciences, including general and introductory materials, literature, and history;
Experimental Sciences Dealing with the Material Universe and Mental Phenomena, including astronomy, physics, chemistry, and psychology;
Normative or Speculative Sciences, including philosophy, theory of religion, and various theological systems and theories; and
Practical Sciences, including social institutions and activities, education, religious institutions and activities, and organized Christianity.
The classification was adopted by more than fifty libraries, growing in popularity in the 1940s, though most eventually reclassed their collections to use LC Classification in an effort to increase standardization. The system was use in the Union library until the mid-1970s. According to a 2013 survey, only seven libraries were still actively cataloging using the Union Classification.
Personal life
Pettee suffered from deafness and wore hearing aids, which she would reportedly turn off when concentrating on a cataloging project. She adopted a girl named Mary Ellen whom she raised.
Later life and death
After retiring from Union Theological Seminary, Pettee supervised the reclassification of the religious books at Yale University. She wrote Subject Headings: the History and Theory of the Alphabetical Subject Approach to Books in 1946. Throughout her career, she emphasized that "there is no infallable substitute for the good judgement of the cataloger".
She retired from her part time work at Yale in 1946, moving to a farm in Salisbury, Connecticut that was called "Mayflower Farm" where she gardened and entertained guests. Pettee was an active writer and researcher in her retirement and at age 85 she published a biography of one of her ancestors, The Reverend Jonathan Lee and His Eighteenth Century Salisbury Parish. She also wrote articles for a local newspaper. She died on May 30, 1967.
Selected publications
Pettee, Julia. Subject Headings: The History and Theory of the Alphabetic Subject Approach to Books. New York: H.W. Wilson Co, 1946.
Pettee, Julia. List of Theological Subject Headings Compiled by Julia Pettee, Head Cataloguer, Union Theological Seminary, New York City. New York, 1924.
Pettee, Julia. List of Churches: Official Forms of the Names for Denominational Bodies with Brief Descriptive and Historical Notes. New York. Union Theological Seminary. Library, 1948
Pettee, Julia. Author Entry for Church Bodies and Religious Sects: Tentative Draft for Protestant Denominations. American Library Association, 1936.
Pettee, Julia. The Rev. Jonathan Lee and His Eighteenth Century Salisbury Parish: The Early History of the Town of Salisbury, Connecticut. Salisbury, Conn: Salisbury Association, 1957.
References
1872 births
1967 deaths
American librarians
American women librarians
Library cataloging and classification
The crested becard (Pachyramphus validus), also known as the plain becard, is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae, where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Paraguay, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
crested becard
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of the Yungas
crested becard
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jessie Maude "Chubbie" Miller (1902 – 1972, London, England) was a pioneering Australian aviator.
England to Australia
In 1927 while visiting London from her native Australia, Miller met, helped finance, and flew with R.A.F. officer Bill Lancaster in his Avro Avian Red Rose, on an attempt to set a long distance flying record from England to Australia. At the time it was one of the longest flights made in such a small aircraft, although they were overtaken en route by Bert Hinkler in another Avian. Bad weather forced them down in Sumatra, but they continued on, and after 159 days she finally arrived as the first woman to complete an England-to-Australia flight. Although 24 hours late, a huge crowd greeted them on arrival in Darwin, and on their subsequent tour around Australia.
In 1928 Lancaster and Miller moved to the United States on the promise of a Hollywood movie which was never made. Miller became an aviator in her own right, competing in the famous "Powder Puff Derby" of 1929.
Three years after Miller's pioneering flight, the first solo England – Australia flight by a woman was made in 1930 by Amy Johnson.
Clarke murder
In 1932, Lancaster was in Mexico looking for work. At the same time, Haden Clarke, a male American writer, was living in Lancaster and Miller's Florida home in order to assist Miller in writing her autobiography. Clarke and Miller developed a relationship in Lancaster's absence, and Clarke convinced Miller to leave Lancaster and marry him instead. Upon receipt of this news, Lancaster returned promptly to Florida.
On 20 April, Clarke was killed by a gunshot wound to the head. Despite the facts that the gun was Lancaster's, and that he admitted forging suicide notes found at the scene (one addressed to Lancaster and another to Miller), Lancaster was acquitted of murder.
Popular culture
Verdict on a Lost Flyer, a book on Bill Lancaster by Ralph Barker, was published by Harrap, London, in 1969.
The Fabulous Flying Mrs Miller: An Australian's true story of adventure, danger, romance and murder, by Carol Baxter, was published by Allen & Unwin, Sydney, in 2017.
The Lost Pilots, The spectacular rise and scandalous fall of aviation's golden couple, a book on Miller and Bill Lancaster by Corey Mead, was published by Macmillan, London in 2018.
A TV miniseries called The Lancaster Miller Affair was made in Australia in 1985, wherein Miller was portrayed by actress Kerry Mack.
References
1902 births
1972 deaths
Australian aviators
American aviators
Australian emigrants to the United States
1924 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 18th water polo championship in Hungary. There were seven teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
1. UTE 4, 2. MTK 2, 3. BEAC 0 pont.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
Sport-évkönyv 1924
Sporthírlap 1924.09.15.
1924 in water polo
1924 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Sincerely is the fourth studio album by the American country music group The Forester Sisters. It was released in 1988 via Warner Records Nashville.
Content
Three singles charted from the album: "Letter Home", the title track, and "Love Will". These all made top-ten on the Hot Country Songs charts in 1988.
"These Lips Don't Know How to Say Goodbye" was later a top-ten hit for Doug Stone in 1991.
Critical reception
Rating it 4 out of 5 stars, Jan Walker of The Orlando Sentinel said that "there's a confident sound to each of the 10 songs on the album, a showcase for the seemingly effortless natural harmony of four sibling voices." William Ruhlmann of AllMusic reviewed the album with favor as well, stating that "Already the possessors of a wonderful vocal harmony style, The Foresters hit a peak when they hooked up with writer/producer Wendy Waldman for this album, cutting her 'Letter Home' and other strong material".
Track listing
"I've Just Seen a Face" (Lennon-McCartney) - 2:21
"Love Will" (Don Pfrimmer, Byron Gallimore) - 3:34
"Letter Home" (Wendy Waldman) - 3:37
"These Lips Don't Know How to Say Goodbye" (Harlan Howard) - 3:30
"Sincerely" (Harvey Fuqua, Alan Freed) - 3:54
"Things Will Grow" (Don Schlitz) - 3:14
"Some People" (Carol Chase)- 3:47
"On the Other Side of the Gate" (Susan Longacre, Russell Smith) - 2:36
"You Love Me" (Matraca Berg, Ronnie Samoset) -3:27
"A Matter of Time" (Karen Staley) - 3:26
Chart performance
References
1988 albums
The Forester Sisters albums
albums produced by Wendy Waldman
albums produced by Jim Ed Norman
albums produced by Barry Beckett
albums produced by James Stroud
Warner Records albums
Country albums by American artists
The current flag of the Australian Capital Territory was officially adopted by the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly in 1993.
The flag differs from the Australian state flags as it is not a defaced Blue Ensign. It is similar in design to the flag of the Northern Territory. The flag uses the Canberra city colours of blue and gold (which also happen to be the heraldic colours of Australia). The Southern Cross appears as five white stars on a blue panel at the hoist, whilst in the centre of the goldfield in the fly is the modified Coat of arms of the city of Canberra. The flag was designed by Ivo Ostyn.
History and adoption
Even though the Australian Capital Territory has existed since 1909 and was given self-government in 1989, it had never had a flag of its own. In 1988 and 1992 community competitions for a proposed new flag were held, in which artists and residents of the ACT could put forth their designs for the new flag. The 1988 competition, undertaken by radio station 2CC, was won by then-Chisholm resident Ivo Ostyn with a representation of the then-recently erected flagpole of New Parliament House within a circle on a dark background. The 1992 competition was undertaken by newspaper The Canberra Times.
In 1993, following a 1992 motion by Opposition leader Trevor Kaine, the ACT Government commenced a process to develop and select an ACT flag. The ACT Government selected four options and surveyed the public between 19 February and 5 March 1993 to find the public's preference.
The Southern Cross and modified form of the Canberra city coat of arms received 12,624 votes compared to a stylised Brindabella range which received 10,681 votes. A motion in the Legislative Assembly to declare the flag to be the flag of the ACT was resolved in the affirmative at midday, 25 March 1993. The flag selected was designed by Ivo Ostyn, who had won the 1988 design competition and had been involved in the 1992-1993 process. In later years Ostyn spoke against his creation, indicating his preference for a simpler flag that did not bear the Canberra coat of arms.
In 2020, the ACT Government commenced a process to develop a coat of arms for the ACT. The development of a territory coat of arms will not automatically replace the city coat of arms that appears on the current flag.
See also
Coat of arms of the Australian Capital Territory
List of Australian flags
References
External links
1993 establishments in Australia
Flags introduced in 1993
Flags of Australian states and territories
Flag
Southern Cross flags
Flags displaying animals
The Nall Baronetcy, of Hoveringham Hall in the County of Nottingham, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 25 January 1954 for Joseph Nall, who had earlier represented Hulme in the House of Commons as a Conservative. The title is held by his grandson (the third Baronet) Edward William Joseph, who succeeded his father in 2001. He married (2004) Helen Fiona; they have one daughter (b 2005) Georgina Philippa Louise.
Nall baronets, of Hoveringham Hall (1954)
Sir Joseph Nall, 1st Baronet (1887–1958)
Sir Michael Joseph Nall, 2nd Baronet (1921–2001)
Sir Edward William Joseph Nall, 3rd Baronet (born 1952)
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Nall
Careful What You Wish For is Jonatha Brooke's fifth studio album, released in 2007.
Track listing
"Careful What You Wish For" – 3:59
"Beautiful Girl" – 4:04
"Keep the River on your Right" – 3:49
"I'll Leave the Light On" – 3:51
"Baby Wait" – 3:43
"Hearsay" – 3:00
"Forgiven" – 5:11
"Je N'Peux Pas Te Plaire" – 3:40
"Prodigal Daughter" – 4:07
"After the Tears" – 4:27
"Never Too Late for Love" – 2:40
References
2007 albums
Jonatha Brooke albums
Bad Dog Records albums
Xiangshuiosteus wui is an extinct monospecific genus of brachythoracid arthrodire placoderm from the Late Emsian stage of the Early Devonian epoch, discovered in Wuding County of Yunnan province, China. It has recently been reassessed as a dunkleosteid.
Etymology
The generic name literally translates as "(Pinyin:Xiāngshuǐ) + bone," but actually refers to Xiangshui Valley, the district in Wuding County where the holotype was found. The specific name honors Wu Baosheng, the gentleman who provided the holotype to Wang Junqing, the species' describer.
Specimen and taxonomy
X. wui is known from a flattened, "Buddhist cap" shaped skull roof. The skull roof is strongly reminiscent of those of coccosteids, but also has anatomical features otherwise diagnostic of buchanosteids. This mix of anatomy lead its describer, Wang Junqing, to suggest that X. wui is the sister taxon of Coccosteidae, and represents a transitional form between Coccosteidae and Buchanosteidae.
A 2013 reappraisal of Kiangyousteus and several other eubrachythoracid arthrodire genera by You-An Zhu and Min Zhu lead to the conclusion that X. wui not only does not represent a transitional form between coccosteids and buchanosteids, but is actually a dunkleosteid closely related to the Gogo Reef Eastmanosteus calliaspis (which is, in turn, implied to be not of the genus Eastmanosteus). The cladogram below from the 2013 Zhu & Zhu study shows the placement of Xiangshuiosteus within Dunkleosteidae.
However, the subsequent 2016 Zhu et al. study using a larger morphological dataset recovered Xiangshuiosteus well outside of Dunkleosteoidea and even Eubrachythoraci, more in-line with Wang's original 1992 phylogenetic assessment of Xiangshuiosteus, as shown in the cladogram below:
See also
Jiuchengia a coccosteid found in the same formation.
Notes
References
Dunkleosteidae
Placoderms of Asia
Paleontology in Yunnan
Prehistoric animals of China
Fossil taxa described in 1992
The Church of St Barnabas is a Church of England parish church in Pimlico, London. It is a Grade I listed building. The church is noted for its Anglo-Catholic tradition, and it "was the first church built in England where the ideals and beliefs of what came to be known as Anglo-Catholic movement were embodied in its architecture and liturgy".
History
The church was built in 1847–1850 to designs of Thomas Cundy (junior), assisted by William Butterfield. It was one of the earliest Ritualistic churches, and the first in London in which all pews were free (charging for pews was normal practice at the time). Three paintings in crypt are by Charles Edgar Buckeridge.
In 1958 the church was designated as a Grade I listed building.
Notable clergy
W. J. E. Bennett, perpetual curate
Alfred Gurney, vicar
John Hudson, curate, later Bishop of Carpentaria
Charles Lowder, curate, founder of the Society of the Holy Cross
Frederick Ouseley, curate
Victor Shearburn, curate, later Bishop of Rangoon
George Ratcliffe Woodward, curate
Gallery
References
External links
A Church Near You entry
1850 establishments in England
1850 in London
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Pimlico, Saint Barnabas
Churches completed in 1850
Pimlico, Saint Barnabas
Pimlico
Thomas Cundy (junior) church buildings
The Retired Enlisted Association (TREA) is a non-profit organization of the United States. Its mission is to enhance the quality of life for uniformed services enlisted personnel of the United States, their families and survivors - including active components, Reserves, and National Guard, and all retirees.
Background
TREA was founded by retired Master Sergeants George Skonce and Dean Sorell. Together with other retired enlisted personnel they met at the Ent Air Force Base Non-Commissioned Officers' Club in Colorado Springs, Colorado to form The Retired Enlisted Association on February 18, 1963. Today the organization has 65 active chapters in the United States.
TREA is incorporated in Colorado and has a congressional charter under Title 36 of the United States Code. It is governed by a volunteer Board of Directors (BOD) elected by the general membership. Any enlisted person, retired from an active or reserve component of the United States armed forces, either for length of service or permanent medical disability is eligible for membership.
References
External links
External links
Non-profit organizations based in Colorado
Veterans' affairs in the United States
American veterans' organizations
Patriotic and national organizations chartered by the United States Congress
Patiparn Pataweekarn (, also Mos Patiparn or Mos, born March 23, 1973), is a Thai film and television actor and pop singer from GMM Grammy.
Biography
Mos debuted at 16 as a model for a magazine by Poj Anon in 1990, but has become mainly known as an actor and a singer. He has a twin brother name "Aon Dettarn Pataweekarn". He became the rising star when he played as "Peerapol" in the high-rating 3 Num 3 Mum sitcom (EXACT, GMM Grammy) together with Songsit Roongnophakunsri (Kob) and Saksit Tangtong (Tang) in 1991. A year later, he released his debut album, "Ur Hur". Mos' second album, "Mr. Mos" became his most successful album ever with the sale amount of 1.5 million copies. So far, he's released 8 albums (with another 10 special albums). He starred in Exact's musical for the first time in "Bangkok 2485". Afterthat, Mos did several dramas including the acclaimed "Hua Jai Chocolate", "Duay Rang Hang Ruk", "Ubattihet Hua Jai", etc. Latest he's been honourly given the leading role in "Fah Jarod Sai-The Musical". Now Mos plays the police officer in Exact-Scenario's new sitcom called "Poo Kong Jao Sa-nae", and he's also hosting the 3 Num 3 Mum Variety Show with Kob and Tang.
Filmography
Movies
Television
Musicals
2004 Bangkok 2485 The Musical (บางกอก 2485 เดอะมิวสิคัล)
2007 Fah Jarod Sai The Musical (ฟ้าจรดทราย เดอะมิวสิคัล)
2009 Lom Hai Jai The Musical (ลมหายใจ เดอะมิวสิคัล)
Discography
Albums
1992 Mos Ur Hur
1994 Mr.Mos – Mai Ruk Mai Dai Laew
1995 Moving Mos
1997 Mos Maew Moo
1998 Patiparn Party
2001 Mr.Mos Happy Trip...Salad Sabut
2002 Mos Special 11 * Celebration of 11th year career
2005 Mos Patiparn
2008 9 Mos (Nine Mos)
Special Albums
1995 Tee Wang Kaung Tur * various artists collaboration
1995 6-2-12 * various artists collaboration
1997 MOS＆TATA * collaboration with Tata Young
2001 CHEER * various artists collaboration
2001 MOSKAT * collaboration with Katreeya English
2003 A:LIVE PROJECT01/PROJECT 02
2003 Ruk Harm Promote Drama Original Soundtrack * co-release with Pim of Zaza
2004 Bangkok 2485 The Musical (Vol.1 Cast Recording & Vol.2 Original Songs)
2004 Ruk Kern Pikad Kaen Drama Original Soundtrack
2006 Narongvit Sleepless Society vol. 2 *various artists
2007 Fah Jarod Sai The Musical Original Cast Recording
2007 MOS-ICE-PECK "15 Films" *MV compilation DVD, released in Japan
2007 Hua Jai Sila Drama Original Soundtrack * various artists including Mos' "Poo Gaung Jow Sa Nay" OST.
2008 Pleng Hot Lakorn Hit Vol.2 * various artists including Mos' "Sang Dao Hang Hua Jai" and "Ruk Dai Tae Ruk".
Singles
1997 Ting Gun Dai Ngai/Piang Puen – MOS＆TATA * collaboration with Tata Young
1997 Happy Birthday – MOS, TATA & NAT * collaboration with Tata Young & Nat Myria Benedetti
Compilation Albums
1996 Double Hits – MOS & AOM (Tied with Aom Sunisa's hits)
1997 HAPPY MOS (Black-covered Hit Compilation)
1999 Mos Patiparn Pataweekarn Karaoke Compilation
2000 THE VERY BEST OF MOS * during studying abroad in LA
2003 VERY MOS
2006 Be My Mos
Concert VCDs
1994 Mos Peeraga Wara Valentine
1994 Mr.Mos Sensurround Concert
1994 Mr.Mos Eek Suk Tee Gub U.H.T Kaw Dee Na Puen Concert
1995 Moving Mos – Move Neu Make Concert
1995 Mos in the Drawing Room – Guess Who's Moving
1995 6-2-12 Concert
1997 Mos-Tata & Friends Concert
2001 CHEER Greet Toom Boom Concert
2002 10th Anniversary Mos Concert – Mai Ruk...Kaw Bah Laew
2002 Mahagum Concert (Vol.1 Pop Grammy)
2002 EXACT 10th Anniversary Concert
2002 J Jetrin – Bangkok Show The Return of J Jetrin (Mos as guest)
2003 Pattaya Music Festival 2003 (Vol.1 Pop Rock)
2003 Thailand IP Festival 2003 Highlight (Vol.1)
2007 Sleepless Society vol. 2 Concert
2008 3 Num 3 Mic Concert 2008
April 2009 U.S.A Tour "Mos Wanted Live Concert"
Variety Shows
2007.04 3 Num 3 Mum Variety, TV9
2008.01 3 Num 3 Mum Tonight, TV5
Commercials
[1990] SUGUS Candy (Pre-debut)
[1990] FARM HOUSE Bread (Pre-debut)
[1992] COCA Instant Noodle
[1993] Coca-Cola (Coke)
[1995] DUTCH MILL Milk
[1997] YAMAHA Motorcycle : Tiara Model
[1998] LAYS Potato chips
[2001] LOTTE NO TIME Gum
[2002] DTAC Mobile Phone Network
[2002] M150 Energy Drink
[2008] ISUZU DMAX Hi-Lander Gold Series
References
External links
Mos Patiparn Official Japan Site
Mistermosclub.com
Patiparn.com
Mos-Fanclub.com
MOS Thread @ Popcornfor2.com
Mos Patiparn Fanclub @ EXACT-SCENARIO
1973 births
Living people
Patiparn Patavekarn
Patiparn Patavekarn
Musicians Institute alumni
Patiparn Patavekarn
Patiparn Patavekarn
Patiparn Patavekarn
Patiparn Patavekarn
Patiparn Patavekarn
Schleswig station is the station of the city of Schleswig in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is located on the Neumünster–Flensburg and Husum–Jübek-Schleswig–Kiel lines. It is currently operated by Deutsche Bahn, which classifies it as a category 5 station.
History
Formerly, the station was connected to Schleswig Altstadt station by a three kilometre-long line of the Schleswig District Railway, which connected to lines to Satrup, Kappeln via Süderbrarup and to Friedrichstadt.
Operations
In long-distance traffic, since 9 December 2007, daily Intercity-Express trains on the Aarhus–Hamburg–Berlin route have stopped in Schleswig, but this service ended in December 2015 and was replaced by DSB (railway company) EuroCity trains, which do not stop in Schleswig. Only a few InterCity services remain, mainly in the weekends.
DB Regionalbahn Schleswig Holstein (RB-SH) operates hourly Regional-Express services between Hamburg and Flensburg as well as between Husum and Kiel.
Tracks
The station has three tracks, two of which have a platform that is used for passenger operations. Trains operate as follows:
Platform 1: Long-distance trains to Flensburg, RB-SH regional services to Flensburg and Husum
Platform 3: Long-distance trains to Hamburg, RB-SH regional services to Hamburg and Kiel
Notes
External links
Railway stations in Schleswig-Holstein
Schleswig, Schleswig-Holstein
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1869
Buildings and structures in Schleswig-Flensburg
Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 272, in 69 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Dror Soref (Hebrew: דרור סורף) is a filmmaker and social reformer who made his directorial debut with the Love Rocky Road music video for a then unknown "Weird Al" Yankovic in 1983, after attending USC School of Cinema. Soref later directed the Best Short Film nominated Platinum Blonde, which drew the attention of Paramount Studios President. Consequently, Soref was retained under contract to develop projects at Paramount Studios for him to write and direct. With the help of Paramount, The Seventh Coin became Soref's debut as a feature film writer/director. Starring Peter O'Toole, The Seventh Coin won two festival awards in 1993, including Best Picture. Throughout the following decade Soref directed or executive produced over a hundred commercials and music videos.
In 2003, Soref returned to feature films, co-producing Basic for Columbia Pictures, starring John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson. In 2009 Soref wrote, directed and produced the critically acclaimed and Saturn Award nominee for Best Science Fiction Not Forgotten starring Simon Baker, Paz Vega and Chloë Grace Moretz.
Early life and education
Dror Soref was born and raised in Israel and is of Spanish ancestry. He attended the University of Haifa, earning degrees in economics, sociology and anthropology. During his first year at the university, Soref founded a repertory theater, bringing to the stage original material with politically satirical content. His studies were interrupted when as a lieutenant in the elite Golani Brigade of the Israel Defense Forces, Soref was called for service during several military conflicts, including the Yom Kippur War. The unit under Soref's command was cited for excellence by the IDF Chief-of-Staff.
While a student, Soref wrote frequently on Israeli–Palestinian relations, and during his second year at university, with fellow IDF retired officers and others, he founded a new national political party which played a key role in the future coalition government of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in the early nineties. At the age of 23, while a third-year student, Soref was nominated by his party to run for the Knesset. One of Soref's articles, Envisioning the Israeli-Palestinian Peace, incorporates the same principles as the first peace treaty between the parties, known as the Oslo Accords (1993), but written more than a decade earlier. A number of books have been written about the movement in which Soref did participate during these years. University, State and Society in Israel by Professor Shlomo Swirski, outlines the political consciousness and insight of a movement mainly formed by Latin American and Arab students and some Israelis. In Y. Rubin's semi-autobiographical book, The Hypochondriac, the author portrays Soref as the embodiment of the mythical persona of the 'ideal' Israeli youth.
Soref's introduction to filmmaking came during his last year at the University of Haifa, when he was invited to attend a film workshop conducted by Benjamin Koretsky, Roman Polanski's cinematography teacher back in the Lodz Film School in Poland. To pursue film studies, Soref emigrated to the United States, first attending San Francisco Art Institute, and then the Cinema School of the University of Southern California (USC).
Soref is a member of Church of Scientology.
Career
In the mid-eighties, following USC, Soref was hired to direct "I Love Rocky Road," a music video for an unknown rock parodist at the time, "Weird Al" Yankovic. The video helped establish Yankovic as an upcoming star, and is included in several of his greatest hits albums such as ‘Weird Al' Yankovic: The Ultimate Video Collection and ‘Weird Al' Yankovic: The Videos. Success in music video field lead Soref to directing Platinum Blonde, an inspirational short film starring Karen Black and a fourteen-year-old Elizabeth Berkley. As the creative force behind Platinum Blonde, Soref was profiled in the Los Angeles Times, Premiere Magazine, and The Hollywood Reporter. Platinum Blonde was nominated for the Gold Hugo Award for Best Short Film at the Chicago International Film Festival and drew the attention of Paramount Studio's President. Consequently, Soref was retained under contract to develop projects at Paramount Studios for him to write and direct.
With the help of Paramount, The Seventh Coin became Soref's debut as a feature film writer/director. Starring Peter O'Toole, the film won two festival awards including Best First Time Director at the Philadelphia Film Festival and the Silver Awards at Worldfest Houston.
Despite the film's cash budget being less than $900,000, The Daily Variety described it as "handsomely produced, medium budget indie". The film went on to garner $3.2 million in worldwide box office. In 1997 Soref dabbled in episodic television, directing a number of episodes of Power Rangers, the hit children's TV series.
While at Paramount, Soref founded Orbit Productions, serving as one of its commercial directors. Soref executive-produced or directed over one hundred TV commercials or music videos, leading Orbit to become one of the fastest growing commercial production companies at that time with clients including such brands as Ford, Coca-Cola, Toyota, McDonald's, and Fujifilm. Some of Orbit's spots have been featured on the Super Bowl and Academy Awards telecasts. Soref later parlayed a successful career in television and commercials into feature films, signing a multiple-picture deal with Mike Medavoy's Phoenix Pictures with one of them for Soref to direct. The first motion picture under this deal was Basic starring John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson, released by Columbia Pictures.
In early 2009, Soref completed Not Forgotten, a film he directed, co-wrote and produced, starring Simon Baker, Paz Vega, Claire Forlani, and Chloë Grace Moretz in her first major film role. The film was selected for a Special Screening at the Slamdance Film Festival, where all its screenings were sold out before being picked up for distribution by Anchor Bay Films. Both The Hollywood Reporter and Daily Variety gave the film rave reviews. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the fall of 2009 and on streaming Netflix in early 2010.
In June 2011, Soref served as one of the producers of Twist: An American Musical based on the Charles Dickens' classic. The play was written by William F. Brown (The Wiz), and was choreographed and directed by Emmy award-winning Debbie Allen. It was staged at The Pasadena Playhouse to rave reviews.
In 2012 Soref directed the experimental short film Morning, exploring the parallels between the love of Man and God, and that of man and woman. Despite its controversial theme, and the fact that it was not presented for viewing, the film was invited to a number of festivals. So far, Soref only accepted the invitation of two festivals, including the Seattle Erotic Art Festival whose program director proclaimed "without a doubt Morning was the most talked-about film of the Festival".
In January 2014, Soref founded a multiplatform studio titled Nova Filmhouse, Inc. According to the company's website the studio offers content across all platforms "from smartphone to multiplex". Former New Line Cinema president of production, Sara Risher, serves as Nova's President of Motion Pictures, Television president- Gil Junger (Producer/ Writer/ Director); and Digital Media president- Evette Vargas (content creator, writer/producer/ director). Chairman of the Board is Charles J. Weber, formally the President/ CEO of Lucasfilm Ltd. Soref is the CEO of the company.
Social Reformer and Philanthropy
Soref has been a campaigner for humanitarian endeavors since youth, from caring and feeding the homeless on skid row locally, to support causes in the third world, while fighting injustice anywhere.
His activity with non-profit organizations includes the Aleph Institute (a Jewish-based association providing crucial assistance to families whose loved ones are in prison or serve in the US Armed Forces), Equal Justice Under the Law (dedicated to ending inequality in the justice system), and the Greater Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce (where he served as a Director of the Institute's Board, promoting job opportunities and internships for Los Angeles youth.)
Most recently Soref founded RCI (Rebel with a Cause Institute) dedicated to guiding aspiring talent to create movies, TV and other content fostering principled ideals.
SorefSocialReform.org
Controversies
On September 11, 2015, Dror Soref, was charged with numerous accusations relating to the movie Not Forgotten.
Following an exhaustive five-week-long preliminary hearing, all charges were subsequently dropped and Soref was fully exonerated by the Superior Court Judge.
Following Soref's exoneration, he has filed a $40 million lawsuit against the government agencies that, according to Soref, have engaged in egregious miscarriage of justice at great personal and financial cost.
Filmography
Dror Soref has Directed two independent feature films working with actors including Peter O'Toole, Simon Baker, and Paz Vega.
In addition, Soref has directed or executive produced over 100 music videos and commercials mostly through his production company Orbit Entertainment Group.
References
External links
American film directors
American male screenwriters
Israeli emigrants to the United States
Israeli film directors
Israeli male screenwriters
English-language film directors
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Sir Evan MacGregor, (31 March 1842 – 21 March 1926) was a British civil servant.
Biography
MacGregor was born on 31 March 1842, the third son of Sir John Athol Bannatyne Murray MacGregor, 3rd Baronet, and his wife Mary Hardy, daughter of Vice-Admiral Sir Thomas Masterman Hardy, 1st Baronet. He was educated at Charterhouse School. In 1884 he was married to Annie Louise Middleton, daughter of Colonel William Alexander Middleton CB; they had one daughter, Eva Mary McGregor (1886–1964), who died unmarried.
MacGregor served as Permanent Secretary to the Admiralty from 1884 to 1907. He was made KCB in 1893, ISO in 1902 and GCB in 1906. He lived at Aynsome, Cartmel, Lancashire, and was a member of the Caledonian Club; he also served as a Justice of the Peace. Sir Evan MacGregor died on 21 March 1926; his wife had died in 1922.
References
External links
1842 births
1926 deaths
People educated at Charterhouse School
Permanent Secretaries to the Admiralty
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Imperial Service Order
Younger sons of baronets
People from Cartmel
1910 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the seventh water polo championship in Hungary. There were two teams who played one match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1910 in water polo
1910 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Nigel Debenham is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Debenham made his full All Whites debut in a 2–0 win over Singapore on 1 October 1978. It was 10 years before he next played an official game for his national side when came on as a substitute for two games against Taiwan in 1988, before a fourth and final appearance in a 1–4 loss to Australia on 12 March 1989.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association football defenders
Ala (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 140 as of 2010.
Geography
Ala is located 43 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Lakhchayda and Agada are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Frederick Fiske Warren (2 July 1862 – 2 February 1938) was a successful paper manufacturer, fine arts doyen, United States tennis champion of 1893, and major supporter of Henry George's single tax system which he helped develop in Harvard, Massachusetts, United States, in the 1930s. Fiske Warren established Georgist single-tax colonies and a social experiment in Andorra to disprove Malthus's population theory.
Early life
He was the son of Samuel Dennis Warren and Susan Cornelia Warren of Beacon Hill, Boston. Born in Waltham, Massachusetts, Fiske was raised in a mansion on 67 Mount Vernon Street in Beacon Hill in Boston. He had four siblings: Samuel Dennis Warren II (1852–1910), U.S. Attorney; Henry Clarke Warren (1854–1899), scholar of Sanskrit and Pali; Edward Perry Warren (1860–1928), collector of Warren cup and Cornelia Lyman Warren who was a philanthropist. As part of a philanthropic and well educated family, the Warren brothers and sister all enjoyed tranquil childhoods growing up between the family homes in Boston and Waltham, also known as "Cedar Hill".
Married life
On 14 May 1891, he married Gretchen Osgood Warren in Boston. The Osgoods were a well-known Beacon Hill family that claimed a direct genealogical line to Anne Hutchinson and John Quincy Adams. Their country house in Harvard, Massachusetts, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Notes
References
The Mount Vernon Street Warrens, Martin Green, Simon & Schuster, 1989
Erskine Childers, Jim Ring, John Murray Publishing, 1996
Warren-Osgood Wedding Announcement from the New York TimesNewspaper
1862 births
Georgists
American philanthropists
Businesspeople from Boston
Irish-American history
American art collectors
1938 deaths
People from Harvard, Massachusetts
American male tennis players
People from Beacon Hill, Boston
David Sulzer (9 September 1784, Winterthur - 14 September 1864, near Münsterlingen) was a Swiss portrait and genre painter.
Life and work
His father, Christoph, was a Master wheelwright and swordsmith. After taking drawing lessons at a local school, he trained as a painter in Zürich and Bern. In 1803 he, Hans Jakob Oeri, and some other friends took a trip to Paris, where he copied works by the Old Masters and trained in the studios of Jacques Louis David for eight years. Despite David's influence, decided to devote himself almost entirely to portraits.
After that, he worked in Bern and Winterthur, where he did portraits of the members of notable bourgeois industrial families. In 1815, he travelled to Austria to portray the elite personalities who participated in the Vienna Congress.
In 1817, he entered the nobility by marrying Franziska Katharina Freiin von Lütgendorff-Leinburg (1787 - 1862), with whom he had four sons. Their eldest, , also became a portrait painter.
Over the course of his career, he made a substantial fortune, but lost it after investing in a country estate in Weinfelden in 1852. He died in poverty at the age of eighty.
Many of his most notable works are in the collection of the Kunstmuseum Winterthur, although the majority of his approximately 1,000 canvases are in private collections. Some of his later works, in their background designs, show the influence of early Daguerrotypes. No solo exhibition has ever been devoted to him although, in the early 1900s, some showings prominently presented his works with other Swiss painters.
Sources
External links
1784 births
1864 deaths
Swiss painters
Swiss portrait painters
People from Winterthur
The Brigada de Fusileros Paracaidistas (Parachute Rifle Brigade, BFP) is a paratrooper unit created in 1946 within the Mexican Army. Their headquarters were established in Mexico City and their training takes place in the Centro de Adiestramiento de Paracaidismo (Airborne Training Center). A battalion can be deployed rapidly to any part of the country.
History
The Brigade's origin dates back to 1946 when Divisional General Francisco L. Urquizo and Director of Aeronautics Divisional General Gustavo Salinas Camiña elaborated a program to create the country's first Paratrooper unit. The plan consisted sending a group of officers and regular servicemen to Fort Benning, Georgia to be trained as paratroopers. By July 20, 1946. The first group under the command of Captain Albarrán López graduated from paratrooper school, the second group under the command of Cavalry Lieutenant Jorge Munguía González graduated in the same year on August 3.
The new unit was based in Balbuena Military Camp, carrying out their first jump over Mexican territory on September 15, 1946. The same year the army moved the unit to its new Headquarters in Puebla, Puebla giving them designation of "Compañía Mínima de Aerotropas" ( Minimum Airtrooper Company ). On February 15, 1947. The unit was reorganized into the "Compañía de Aerotropas" ( Airtrooper Company ) and re-established in Military Camp No.1 in the Federal District. By 1969 the Brigada de Fusileros Paracaidistas was created and organized with three battalions, and one special forces group that was integrated in 1998.
Structure
Headquarters
1st Infantry Parachute Rifle Battalion
2nd Infantry Parachute Rifle Battalion
3rd Infantry Parachute Rifle Battalion
Special Forces Airmobile Group
Logistics Company
See also
Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales
Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales del Alto Mando
Ixtoc-Alfa
Fuerzas Especiales
References
Military units and formations established in 1969
Airborne brigades
Special forces of Mexico
Mexican Air Force
was the 6th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain in northern Mutsu Province, Honshū, Japan (modern-day Aomori Prefecture). His courtesy title was Dewa-no-kami, and his Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Tsugaru Nobuaki was born as the eldest son of Tsugaru Nobuoki, the eldest son and heir of Tsugaru Nobuhisa, 5th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain. His father died in 1730, and when Nobuhisa retired in 1731, he appointed his grandson Nobuaki as his successor. He was presented in formal audience to shōgun Tokugawa Yoshimune the same year. Nobuaki was still in his minority, so all power remained in the hands of Nobuhisa.
During the early part of his tenure, Tsugaru Domain was initially prosperous; however, the profligate spending of Nobuhisa combined with one natural disaster after another soon brought the domain into financial crisis. The domain suffered from flooding followed by drought, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions (by Mount Iwaki and other volcanoes in Hokkaidō), tsunami, inclement weather, and repeated crop failures, which led to widespread famine and disease. The Tokugawa shogunate itself was in financial crisis, resulting in the implementation of the Kyōhō Reforms by shōgun Tokugawa Yoshimune, and not in a position to extend aid. Nobuaki continuing developing new paddy fields and irrigation works, and encouraged research of rangaku to help resolve the domain's problems and ever-increasing debt. However, almost as a final straw, the castle town of Hirosaki burned down in a great fire on May 11, 1746, and Nobuaki died two weeks later of sickness, at age 26.
Nobuhisa continued to exert influence behind-the-scenes all through Nobuaki's tenure from the clan's residence in Edo, and when Nobuaki died in 1744, Nobuhisa arranged to have Nobuaki's elder son, Nobuyasu (age 6), appointed daimyō. Nobuhisa continued as regent over Nabuyasu until his death on March 10, 1746.
Nobuaki's grave is at the temple of Shinryō-in (a subsidiary of Kan'ei-ji) in Taitō-ku, Tokyo, as well as the Tsugaru clan temple of Chōshō-ji in Hirosaki.
See also
Tsugaru clan
References
"Hirosaki-jō" (February 17, 2008)
"Tsugaru-han" on Edo 300 HTML (February 17, 2008)
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
Tsugaru clan
1719 births
1744 deaths
People of Edo-period Japan
Parole refers to an action of the judiciary system.
Parole may also refer to:
Geography
Parole, Jammu and Kashmir, a town in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir
Parole, Maryland, an area near Annapolis in the United States
Parole Hunt Club in Parole, Maryland
Parole, Poland
Arts and entertainment
Parole (film), a 2018 Indian Malayalam film
Parole, a 1982 television film featuring Ellen Barkin
Parole, first reality court show, airing in 1959
"Paroles", a song by Mike Ink from A Bugged Out Mix
Other uses
Parole (horse), a race horse during the 19th century
Parole (linguistics), language in use in the theory of Ferdinand de Saussure
Parole (United States immigration), a term with three meanings pertaining to U.S. immigration laws
Chin Harn Tong alias Chee Han Tong (; born 1938) is a former Singaporean politician. A member of the ruling People's Action Party, Chin was a Member of Parliament for Aljunied SMC and later Aljunied GRC. In 1996, Chin retired from politics after 24 years.
Early life
Chin was born into a Hainanese family. He was a teacher at now-defunct Kiau Nam School between 1957 and 1961, and briefly taught at Chung Hwa Girls' High School in 1964. He was awarded the Public Administration Medal (Bronze) and the Friend of Labour Award by NTUC in 1971.
Career
After leaving his teaching career, Chin joined the labour movement in Singapore. He was a Assistant Director at NTUC Research Unit between 1970 and 1978 and subsequently Executive Director and Advisor of NTUC COMFORT from 1978 to 1986.
In 1972, Chin ran for parliament as a PAP candidate in Aljunied SMC. He defeated candidates from the Workers' Party and the United National Front by winning 71.5% of the votes. In 1976, Chin ran for re-election in the same constituency, this time competing against Lim Kang Chew of the Workers' Party. Chin was re-elected with 74.9% of the votes won. In 1980, Chin faced United Front's Sim Peng Kim and won 84.6% of the votes. The Aljunied SMC seat was uncontested in the 1984 General Election and Chin returned to parliament.
In the 1988 General Election, the GRC system was introduced. Aljunied SMC became part of 3-person Aljunied GRC. The PAP team consisted of Chin, Wan Hussin bin Zoohri, and future Foreign Minister George Yeo. They faced a challenge from the SDP team of Mohamed Jufrie, Neo Choon Aik, and Ashleigh Seow. The PAP team defeated the SDP team by winning 56.33% of the votes. In the 1991 General Election, Aljunied GRC was uncontested and Chin returned to parliament; this would be his last election before retiring. Chin chaired the Aljunied Town Council from 1989 to 1993.
Chin became Political Secretary and later Parliamentary Secretary for Home Affairs between 1977 and 1981. He rose to become Senior Parliamentary Secretary for Home Affairs between 1981 and 1988.
After his retirement from politics, Chin was appointed a Justice of the Peace in 1998.
References
People's Action Party politicians
Living people
1938 births
Singaporean people of Chinese descent
Members of the Parliament of Singapore
Stross is an uncommon British surname. It may refer to:
Barnett Stross (1899–1967), British doctor and politician
Charles Stross (born 1964), writer based in Edinburgh, Scotland; grandnephew of Barnett Stross
Raymond Stross (1915–1988), British film producer
Nelson Story Jr. (February 15, 1878 – October 21, 1932), also known as Bud Story, was an American politician in the state of Montana who served as Lieutenant Governor of Montana from 1921 to 1925. He also served in the Montana State Legislature in the 1902 and 1910 sessions, as mayor of Bozeman, and commissioner of Gallatin County, Montana. His father was Nelson Story, a pioneer settler in Bozeman. Nelson Jr. was educated at the Shattuck (Minnesota) and Ogden (Utah) Military academies. A businessman, he owned a machine shop and iron foundry, served as vice president of a milling company, and was involved in the gold mining industry. Story died of a stroke while driving in Bozeman, Montana in 1932.
References
1874 births
1932 deaths
Montana Republicans
Lieutenant Governors of Montana
Donnell Holmes (born January 3, 1973) is an American former professional boxer who competed from 2003 to 2012.
Career
Holmes had an amateur record of 73-13 (64 KOs) before turning professional in January 2003, winning his first fight at The Hilton in Wilmington, North Carolina in which Holmes beat fellow American fighter Johan Carrington.
He was promoted by Gary Shaw after leaving Don King.
He fought Brian Minto for the interim WBO NABO Heavyweight Title and Minto's WBA Fedecentro Heavyweight Title on August 14, 2009 in which he lost by a technical decision after the fight was stopped after four rounds all the judges had Minto leading so Minto was declared the winner and it was also the first loss of Holmes career.
References
External links
Homepage
1973 births
Living people
Heavyweight boxers
Boxers from North Carolina
People from Sampson County, North Carolina
American male boxers
African-American boxers
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
In the Soup is a 1992 independent comedy directed by Alexandre Rockwell, and written by Rockwell and Sollace Mitchell (credited as Tim Kissell). It stars Steve Buscemi as Aldolfo Rollo, a self-conscious screenwriter who has written an unfilmable 500-page screenplay and is looking for a producer.
Plot
Tortured by self-doubt, financial ruin, and unrequited passion for his next door neighbor, Aldolfo Rollo places an ad offering his mammoth screenplay to the highest bidder. In steps Aldolfo's "guardian angel" Joe, a fast-talking, high-rolling gangster who promises to produce the film but has his own unique ideas regarding film financing.
Cast
Steve Buscemi as Adolfo Rollo
Seymour Cassel as Joe
Jennifer Beals as Angelica Pena
Pat Moya as Dang
Will Patton as Skippy
Sully Boyar as Old Man
Steven Randazzo as Louis Barfardi
Francesco Messina as Frank Barfardi
Jim Jarmusch as Monty
Carol Kane as Barbara
Stanley Tucci as Gregoire
Rockets Redglare as Guy
Elizabeth Bracco as Jackie
Debi Mazar as Suzie
Sam Rockwell as Paulie
Paul Herman as E-Z Rent-A-Car Clerk
In popular culture
The film and its history are discussed in depth in John Pierson's account of the independent American film 'scene' of the late 1980s/early 1990s, Spike, Mike, Slackers, & Dykes: A Guided Tour Across a Decade of American Independent Cinema.
A Kickstarter project started in July 2017 with hopes of restoring the archival print and re-releasing the film for its 25th anniversary. The restored print was released by Factory 25 in 2018.
References
External links
1992 films
1992 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
American independent films
Films about filmmaking
Films directed by Alexandre Rockwell
1992 independent films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Pool 1 of the 1987 Rugby World Cup began on 23 May and was completed on 3 June. The pool was composed of Australia, England, United States and Japan.
Standings
Australia vs England
Japan vs United States
England vs Japan
Australia vs United States
England vs United States
Australia vs Japan
References
External links
Official Rugby World Cup Site
Full Results and Statistics at ESPN
Pool 1
1987 in American rugby union
1987 in Australian rugby union
1987–88 in Japanese rugby union
1987–88 in English rugby union
The Rheinmetal Seahawk is the maritime adaptation of Rheinmetal's remotely controlled weapon system. A range of calibers can be mounted on the system.
According to Jane's Defence Weekly the system uses the same sensors and servos as the manufacturer's larger naval guns. The manufacturer can provide its low-weight version, mounting an autocannon of up to 40mm, or an ultralight version of the mounting, suitable for mounting machine guns or automatic grenade launchers on small patrol boats.
The mounting is capable of allowing the operator to electronically switch ammunition from two different magazines.
Sensors include an infrared camera, a low-light camera, and a laser range finder.
References
Remote weapon stations
Kieran Ewan Freeman (born 20 March 2000) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Scottish Premiership club Dundee United.
Career
Club
A product of the Scottish Football Association's Performance School based at St John's Roman Catholic High School in Dundee, Freeman played for Dundee United at youth level before leaving in July 2016, aged 16, to sign his first professional contract with Premier League club Southampton. He suffered three serious injuries in his first two years at Southampton, but was offered a new short-term contract by the club at the end of the 2018–19 season.
Following the expiry of his Southampton contract, Freeman returned to Dundee United on trial in January 2020 and was subsequently offered a contract until the end of the 2019–20 season. In May 2020, he signed a two-year contract extension. He made his senior debut on 15 August 2020, in Dundee United's 2–1 Scottish Premiership win away to Ross County. Freeman joined Scottish League One club Peterhead on a season-long loan in September 2020, but after making 14 appearances his loan was cut short in January 2021 when the lower divisions were suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He returned on loan to Peterhead in March 2021, after the suspension was lifted.
Freeman scored his first goal for Dundee United on 14 July 2021, in a 6–1 win over Elgin City in the Scottish League Cup. Given a run of regular starting appearances due to Liam Smith being out injured, he scored his first league goal in a 3-0 win over Hibernian at Easter Road in October 2021, and subsequently extended his contract by a further two years.
International
Freeman represented Scotland at under-15 and under-16 international level in 2014. In 2022 he was called up to the under-21 squad for European Championship Qualifiers against Belgium and Denmark, playing in both games.
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Aberdeen
Scottish footballers
Scotland youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Dundee United F.C. players
Southampton F.C. players
Peterhead F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Scotland under-21 international footballers
John Oster (23 May 1902 – 10 July 1956) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s and 1930s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Wigan Highfield/London Highfield/Liverpool Stanley(?) (two spells), Oldham, Warrington (Heritage № 380), and Racing Club Albigeois XIII, as a , i.e. number 6.
Playing career
International honours
Jack Oster won a cap for England while at Oldham in the 27-20 victory over Other Nationalities at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Wednesday 20 March 1929, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Oldham in the 0-0 draw with Australia in the 1929–30 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain match at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 4 January 1930.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Jack Oster played in Warrington's 17-21 defeat by Huddersfield in the 1933 Challenge Cup Final during the 1932–33 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 6 May 1933, in front of a crowd of 41,784.
Club career
Jack Oster made his début for Warrington on Saturday 27 August 1932, and he played his last match for Warrington on Saturday 9 September 1933.
References
External links
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
Statistics at thisiswarrington.co.uk
Search for "John Oster" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
Search for "Jack Oster" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
1902 births
1956 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Liverpool City (rugby league) players
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
Racing Club Albi XIII players
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league players from Wigan
Warrington Wolves players
"Losin' Your Mind" is the first single from the self-titled debut album by American rock band Pride & Glory. A music video was produced for the song, recorded in the swamps of New Orleans.
Overview
The song's opening notes are played on a banjo, which guitarist/vocalist Zakk Wylde hoped would produce a contrast making the guitar part sound heavier. "I had the initial riff which lent itself well to banjo. After first trying it on acoustic, I thought, 'Let's put the banjo on there and then have the band come crushing in", he recalled.
The song was heavily influenced by the Southern rock Wylde grew up listening to. "That all comes from my love of Cream, The Allman Brothers, Skynyrd and The Marshall Tucker Band. I really love that style of music", he stated.
Track listing
"Losin' Your Mind" (album version) - 5:33
"Losin' Your Mind" (edit) - 4:37
Personnel
Zakk Wylde - vocals, guitar, banjo
James Lomenzo - bass
Brian Tichy - drums
Charts
In popular media
The song was featured in the series 5 episode of Beavis and Butt-Head entitled 'Walking Erect'.
References
1994 debut singles
Songs about drugs
Song recordings produced by Rick Parashar
Songs written by Zakk Wylde
Pride and Glory (band) songs
1994 songs
Geffen Records singles
József Piller (born 16 August 1988 in Budapest) is a retired Hungarian football forward player who last played for Vasas SC.
External links
1988 births
Living people
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian footballers
Association football defenders
Vasas SC players
BFC Siófok players
SC Veendam players
Egri FC players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Lee Hwa-si (born July 22, 1951) is a South Korean actress. While Lee was attending Dongguk University with a major in Korean literature, she was cast to star in Ban Geum-ryeon directed by Kim Ki-young. Lee is commonly referred to as director Kim Ki-young's persona due to her frequent appearances in Kim's films during the 1970s. Lee's acting in Iodo (1977) especially is regarded as a good example to present her own character. But later, Lee's career declined and Lee retired.
Filmography
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
'
References
External links
South Korean film actresses
1951 births
Living people
Moody Memorial Library is one of the two central libraries at Baylor University located in Waco, Texas. Jesse H. Jones Library is connected to Moody by two hallways and serves as the second of the two central libraries at Baylor. Moody is the larger of the two central libraries.
References
Baylor University
Libraries in Waco, Texas
Pholoidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Imajimapholoe Pettibone, 1992
Laubierpholoe Pettibone, 1992
Metaxypsamma Wolf, 1986
Pholoe Johnston, 1839
Taylorpholoe Pettibone, 1992
References
Polychaetes
ST8:USA300 is a strain of
community-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) that has emerged as a particularly antibiotic resistant epidemic that is responsible for rapidly progressive, fatal diseases including necrotizing pneumonia, severe sepsis and necrotizing fasciitis. The epidemiology of infections caused by MRSA is rapidly changing: in the past 10 years, infections caused by this organism have emerged in the community (whereas previously MRSA infections were almost exclusively hospital-acquired). The 2 MRSA clones in the United States' most closely associated with community outbreaks, USA400 (MW2 strain, ST1 lineage) and USA300, often contain Panton-Valentine leukocidin (PVL) genes and, more frequently, have been associated with skin and soft tissue infections. Outbreaks of community-associated (CA)-MRSA infections have been reported in correctional facilities, among athletic teams, among military recruits, in newborn nurseries, and among sexually active homosexual men. CA-MRSA infections now appear to be endemic in many urban regions and cause most MRSA infections.
References
External links
Complete genome sequence of USA300
Genome image
Staphylococcaceae
The Billeting Act 1679 (31 Car 2 c 1) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The majority of the Act, excluding the final section, was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1863. The remaining section was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1966.
References
Halsbury's Statutes
Footnotes
Acts of the Parliament of England
1679 in law
1679 in England
Jane Tucker (born 20 October 1949) is a British actress, singer, songwriter, musician and keyboardist. She is best known for being part of the musical trio Rod, Jane and Freddy who appeared in many TV series, notably Rainbow. She was born into a family with an artistic background. Her grandmother was an opera singer, her mother Jean a pianist, and her father was Rex Tucker, the drama director for the BBC. Jane began to play the piano when she was three, being taught by her mother.
Tucker's first ambition was to follow in her mother's footsteps and become a concert pianist, but as a teenager she decided she would rather be an actress. This led her to study at the Guildhall School of Music & Drama, where she continued her piano and singing whilst embarking on a full-time drama course.
After graduating she worked in repertory theatre, touring, TV, and radio, during which she met and eventually married Rod Burton and, together with him and Matthew Corbett, formed the long-lasting musical trio Rod, Matt and Jane. Corbett was replaced by Roger Walker in 1976 then by Freddy Marks in 1979 to form Rod, Jane and Freddy. Burton and Tucker divorced in 1979, following which she went on to marry Marks; Tucker remained married to Marks until his death in 2021.
In 1967, Tucker was a hostess on the Associated-Rediffusion game show Exit! It's the Way-Out Show, hosted by Ed Stewart.
References
External links
Rod, Jane and Freddy Biography
Rod, Jane and Freddy Songs
Jane Tucker Official Facebook Fan Page
Official RJF Episode List
Rod, Jane and Freddy Mini Website
British Film Institute Screen Online Episode List
1949 births
Living people
English composers
English stage actresses
English television actresses
Penzance is a populated place situated in Navajo County, Arizona, United States. Named by the Santa Fe Railway in 1888 after the English town of the same name. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.
References
Populated places in Navajo County, Arizona
WillowWood School is an alternative private school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada for Grades 1 through 12. It was founded in 1980 by owner/principal Joy Kurtz.
The school caters for children with learning differences, ADHD, and other learning challenges.
WillowWood has an Arts and Sports program. There are two annual presentations: the Holiday Happening in December, and the Musical in the Spring. WillowWood sports teams participate in the SSAF (Small Schools Athletic Federation) as the WillowWood Warriors.
External links
WillowWood School at OurKids.net
Learning disabilities
Educational institutions established in 1980
Private schools in Toronto
is a Japanese writer, tarento, and pornographic director. From June 2009 she is represented with Horipro. She serves as a regular commentator in the Tokyo MX series 5-Ji ni Muchū!
Filmography
Bibliography
As Shimako Takeuchi (novels)
As Shimako Takeuchi (essays)
As Shimako Takeuchi (novels)
As Shimako Iwai (essays, dialogues)
Videography
Magazine serials
References
External links
Shimako Iwai - Onna no Ulagawa: Meiki Dai Sakusen
Watanabe Productions profile
Japanese women novelists
Japanese horror writers
Horipro artists
People from Okayama Prefecture
1964 births
Living people
Japanese pornographic film directors
The Rural Municipality of Laurier No. 38 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 2 and Division No. 2. it is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Laurier No. 38 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Heritage properties
There are two historical buildings located within the RM.
Soda Lake School - Constructed in 1914, as a one room school the building now houses the Soda Lake Community Centre in Soda Lake. The school operated from 1914 until 1953.
Souris Valley Church - Constructed in 1907 as a Catholic church St. Germaine Parish of the Archdiocese of St. Boniface the church in Souris Valley. The church closed in 1970 and the building has since been operated as the Souris Valley Co-operative Memorial Club. The building has also been called the St. Germaine Roman Catholic Church.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Radville
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Dandonneau
Neptune
Souris Valley
Brooking, a ghost town, is also within the RM.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Laurier No. 38 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Laurier No. 38 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Laurier No. 38 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Tuesday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Gene Gilmore while its administrator is Ursula Scott. The RM's office is located in Radville.
Transportation
The Radville Airport is located within the municipality.
Gallery
References
Laurier
Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
Trio Vegabajeño was a legendary Puerto Rican popular music trio that existed from 1943 to the early 80s.
This group marked an era of popular music in Puerto Rico. When trios were very popular in the Americas, Trio Vegabajeño was considered the ambassadors from Puerto Rico.
Vegabajeño is the demonym for people of the town of Vega Baja.
Eventually they were recognized as the National Trio of Puerto Rico and on October 26, 1996, a monument was inaugurated in Vega Baja.
History
Trio Vegabajeño was informally formed in 1943 at the Tortuguero Military Camp of Vega Baja by Fernandito Álvarez who gathered a few co-workers (Octavio González and Benito de Jesús) to put together a few musical numbers. A friend, Rafael Quiñones Vidal, came up with the name for the trio. Shortly after they recorded their first song "Llanto de mar". At the time only Fernandito Alvarez and Benito de Jesus did both vocals and guitar while Octavio González only played guitar.
In 1945 Octavio González was recruited by the US Army and the trio brought Pepito Maduro, also a singer, as the replacement. The group now had an all singers line-up and became pioneers of this new style. During this line-up Guillermo Venegas Lloveras composed their theme song Tema - Trío Vegabajeño in which aside from describing the town of Vega Baja they also state what town is each one from:
[Fernandito] "Yo soy de Vega Baja (I am from Vega Baja)
[Benito] Barceloneta es mi pueblo (Barceloneta is my town)
[Pepito] Humacao fue mi cuna (Humacao was my cradle)..."
Although being a trio, the group became a quartet in 1952 when Jorge Hernandez (requinto player) joined the group. They didn't change the name of the group. This was one of their most successful line-up and even though was not the original, it was sometimes referred to as the "original" or "authentic" line-up.
After the departure of Jorge and Benito, the trio had different line-ups.
The only living member of the quartet line-up (1952–65) is Jorge Hernandez. In 2002, the group was inducted into the International Latin Music Hall of Fame.
En Mi Viejo San Juan
"En mi Viejo San Juan" (In my Old San Juan) was first recorded by El Trio Vagabajeño in 1943 under the label RCA Victor. The song had an immediate impact and many other versions followed.
The composition was written by Puerto Rican composer and singer Noel Estrada and has been translated into various languages. The song is "widely known around the world".
Line-ups
Note: this list of line-ups is incomplete.
1943-45:
Fernandito Alvarez
Benito de Jesús
Octavio González
1945-52:
Fernandito Alvarez
Benito de Jesús
Pepito Maduro
1952-65:
Fernandito Alvarez
Benito de Jesús
Pepito Maduro
Jorge Hernandez
1965-80:
Fernandito Alvarez
Ruben Maldonado
Guillermo Rivera
1980:
Fernandito Alvarez
Ruben Maldonado
Nacho Carrasquillo
1986 reunion (same as 1952-65):
Fernandito Alvarez
Benito de Jesús
Pepito Maduro
Jorge Hernandez
Discography
The original line-up (Alvarez, De Jesús and Maduro) only got to record 78 RPM records. The following discography only covers the records in LP format with the Marvela label which started once the fourth member, Jorge Hernandez, joined in 1952.
Canta El Trio Vegabajeño (c. 1952)
Canta El Trio Vegabajeño Vol. 2 (c. 1954)
Canta El Trio Vegabajeño Vol. 3 (c. 1955)
Canta El Trio Vegabajeño Vol. 4 (c. 1957)
Their song "Cantares de Navidad" was featured as the last song of Bad Bunny's album El Último Tour Del Mundo.
Reunion
In 1986 one of the classic line-ups (Fernandito, Benito, Pepito and Jorge) reunited to record a song ("Medley Trio Vegabajeño") with Danny Rivera for the album Ofrenda. Aside from that, two of the other songs were composed by members of the trio: "Meleque" (by Pepito Maduro) and "Que Lindas Son Las Mañanas" (by Benito de Jesús).
References
Puerto Rican musical groups
The 2022 Robert Morris Colonials football team represents the Robert Morris University during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. Led by fifth-year head coach Bernard Clark, the Colonials play their home games at the Joe Walton Stadium in Moon Township, Pennsylvania.
Previous season
The Colonels finished the 2021 season with a record of 4–6, 3–5 Big South play to finish in seventh place.
Schedule
Schedule Source:
Game summaries
Dayton
at Miami (OH)
East Tennessee State
at Delaware State
Gardner–Webb
at Campbell
North Carolina A&T
at Appalachian State
at Charleston Southern
at Murray State
Bryant
References
Robert Morris
Robert Morris Colonials football seasons
Robert Morris Colonials football
Michael Mac an tSáir was a bishop in Ireland during the 13th-century.
Mac an tSáir was imposed as Bishop of Clogher by the Archbishop of Armagh Máel Patraic Ua Scannail, although the Chapter had elected Reginald MacGilla Finin. He was consecrated on 9 September 1268 and served until his death in 1285.
References
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1285 deaths
Sankt Andreasberg is a former town in the district of Goslar, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the town Braunlage. It is situated in the Harz, approximately 7 km west of Braunlage proper, and 20 km east of Osterode am Harz.
History
Sankt Andreasberg was founded in the 1480s. It was first mentioned in a letter from the Count Heinrich zu Stolberg to Dietrich von Witzlebenon on 3 November 1487. The establishment of the village took place around the market. The first silver mines are assumed to be the St. Andrews Cross Mine () at the foot of the Beerberg and the St. Andrews Mine (Grube St. Andreas) by the market. In 1521, St. Andreasberg received the right to mine from Counts Heinrich and Ernst von Hohenstein. It was proclaimed in Mansfelder Land and in the mining areas of Saxony and miners were invited to dig for silver and other metals.
Natural monuments
The area around Sankt Andreasberg is especially rich in habitats worthy of protection in within the Harz National Park, but also around the town in the form of Upper Harz mountain meadows. In the national park north-northwest of Sankt Andreasberg are the Dreibrodesteine (at ca. ; ; ND GS 43), three outsize blocks of granite that have been formed by spheroidal weathering. According to legend they originated as the three loaves of bread of a heartless woman who would not help a starving miner. With the words ("I'd rather my three loaves became stones") she spurned the miner, whereupon the loaves grew into giant stones and squashed the woman into the mossy earth. The granite blocks were considered a warning against heartlessness. At the Dreibrodesteine is checkpoint no. 154 (Dreibrodestein) in the Harzer Wandernadel hiking system and a memorial to the foresters and officials of the Andreasberg Forestry Office who fell in the two world wars.
Other natural monuments are a group of chestnuts on the market square (ND GS 42) and the diabase deposit in the village of Silberhütte (ND GS 45). Johann Wolfgang von Goethe researched in 1783 the Hohe Klippen rocks (ND GS 146) on the Rehberg mountain above the present-day Goethe Place on the Rehberger Graben ditche, because he believed he would find evidence there for his assumptions about the earth's history. The boundary between the geological platform made of greywacke hornfels and the underlying fine-grained Brocken granite runs by the Hohe Klippen.
Religion
The population of Sankt Andreasberg is mostly Protestant.
Sport
As a result of their elevation, Sankt Andreasberg (520–720 m) and Sonnenberg (800–850 m) still have fairly guaranteed snow. Sankt Andreasberg is an Alpine Ski Centre of the Harz, with three T-bar lifts on the Sonnenberg as well as two double chair lifts and three T-bars at the Matthias Schmidt Mountain Centre. In the Teichtal there is the first snowtubing track in the Harz. The cross-country skiing trail network around Sankt Andreasberg has 40 km of tracks and is linked from the Sonnenberg to Oderbrück/Torfhaus and to the Ackerloipe/Altenau networks. On Matthias Schmidt Mountain a Sommerrodelbahn is open during the summer. Nordic Walking, hiking, mountain biking and trekking are popular summer activities in the peaceful surroundings of the Sankt Andreasberg mountain town. In the spa park there is a ropes course and climbing park. The southern part of the Oderteich reservoir in the Harz National Park is open to swimmers in the summer.
Coming from Torfhaus and Oderteich, the Brocken bypass section of the nearly 100 km long Harzer Hexenstieg hiking trail passes through the town and heads for Braunlage and Thale.
Mountain rescue services are provided by the local Harz Mountain Rescue Club.
Several Sankt Andreasberg sports clubs enjoy a long tradition. These include the Sankt Andreasberg Shooting Club (1522) and the Sankt Andreasberg Gymnastics and Sports Club (1861). Following the success of the 1st Winterfest in 1896 the Upper Harz Ski Club was founded on the Brocken; it is now called the St. Andreasberg Ski Club 1896.
Famous people
Wilhelm Trute (1836–1889), breeder of the Harz Roller canary breed and a local Miner
References
External links
Towns in Lower Saxony
Goslar (district)
Towns in the Harz
Natural monuments in Lower Saxony
Mining communities in Germany
The white-bellied sunbird (Cinnyris talatala), also known as the white-breasted sunbird, is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eswatini, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Distribution and habitat
Occurs from Angola to southern Tanzania south to southern Africa, where it is common to locally abundant across northern Namibia, northern and south-eastern Botswana, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Swaziland and north-eastern South Africa. It generally prefers semi-arid savanna woodland, such as Acacia, bushwillow (Combretum) and riparian thickets, Zambezi teak (Baikiaea plurijuga) and mixed miombo (Brachystegia) woodland.
Predators and parasites
It has been recorded as prey of the following mammals:
Felis catus (Domestic cat)
Galerella sanguinea (Slender mongoose)
Brood parasites
It has been recorded as host of the Klaas's cuckoo.
Food
It mainly eats nectar supplemented with arthropods, often joining mixed-species foraging flocks in the day, along with other sunbirds at large sources of nectar. In the late afternoon it regularly hawks insects aerially and gleans invertebrates from foliage.
The following food items have been recorded in its diet:
* Nectar
Leonotis (wild dagga)
Tecoma capensis (Cape honeysuckle)
Combretum mossambicense (Knobbly climbing bushwillow)
Combretum paniculatum (Forest burning-bush combretum)
Thunbergia grandiflora (Blue skyflower)
Aloe
A. arborescens (Krantz aloe)
A. cameronii (Ruwari aloe)
A. chabaudii (Chabaudi's aloe)
Dalbergia nitidula (Purplewood flat-bean)
Hibiscus
Erythrina (coral-trees)
Cordyla africana (Wild mango)
Schotia (boer-beans)
Strelitzia
Salvia
Bauhinia
Protea
Kigelia africana (Sausage-tree)
Watsonia
Kniphofia (torch lilies)
Agapanthus
Grewia (raisins)
Loranthaceae (mistletoes)
alien plants
Brunsfelia
Canna
Callistemon viminalis (Weeping bottlebrush)
Cestrum (inkberries)
Eucalyptus
Jacaranda mimosifolia (Jacaranda)
Ipomaea lobata (morning glory)
Euphorbia pulcherrima (Poinsettias)
Tecoma (South American species)
Tithonia rotundifolia (Red sunflower)
* Arthropods
insects
aphids
ants
grasshoppers (Orthoptera)
moths (Lepidoptera)
spiders
Breeding
The nest (see image) is built solely by the female in about 5–8 days, consisting of an untidy oval-shaped structure made of dry material such as grass and leaves, bound together with spider web. The outside is decorated with bits of leaves and bark, while the interior is thickly lined with plant down, sometimes along with feathers and wool. It is typically attached to the branches or thorns of a plant, such as a Queen-of-the-night cactus (Cereus jamacaru), prickly-pear cactus (Opuntia) or a tree, sometimes alongside active paper wasp (Belanogaster) nests.
Egg-laying season is from June–March, peaking from September–December.
It lays 1-3 eggs, which are incubated solely by the female for 13–14 days.
The chicks are brooded solely by the female but fed by both parents, leaving the nest after about 14–15 days, after which they continue to roost at the nest for about 4-14 more days.
Threats
Not threatened, in fact it seems to have benefited from the fragmentation and disturbance of miombo (Bracystegia) woodland in Zimbabwe.
References
Gill, F and D Donsker (Eds). 2011. IOC World Bird Names (version 2.10). Available at http://www.worldbirdnames.org/ Accessed 16 November 2011. Hockey PAR, Dean WRJ and Ryan PG 2005. Roberts - Birds of southern Africa, VIIth ed. The Trustees of the John Voelcker Bird Book Fund, Cape Town.
External links
(White-bellied = ) White-breasted Sunbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
white-bellied sunbird
Birds of Southern Africa
white-bellied sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kristijan Manević (born November 5, 1987) is a Macedonian professional basketball player for KK Kumanovo of the Macedonian First League (basketball).
References
External links
Basketball Profile
1987 births
Living people
Macedonian men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Kumanovo
Power forwards (basketball)
Macedonian people of Serbian descent
A lucibufagin is a defensive steroid produced by several species of firefly to make them unpalatable to predators such as spiders and birds. Certain species of firefly that do not themselves produce lucibufagins have been observed to eat other species of firefly that do produce the steroid to gain the defensive properties for themselves. The lucibufagins are a set of three related compounds (Lucibufagin A, B, and C), and are in the same structural class as the bufadienolides.
References
Steroids
2-Pyrones
Sir Dayendranath Burrenchobay, KBE, CMG, CVO, GCSK, (24 March 1919 – 29 March 1999) was born in Plaine Magnien, Mauritius and served as the fourth governor-general of Mauritius.
Early life and education
Dayendranath Burrenchobay grew up in Cemetery Road, Plaine Magnien. He travelled to London, England to further his education. Later he graduated from Imperial College, London.
Career
After graduating from Imperial College, London he worked for the British Electricity Authority. On his return to Mauritius he joined the Civil Service as a teacher. He eventually became Permanent Secretary at Ministry of Education & Cultural Affairs (1964-1967). This was followed by his appointment at Permanent Secretary at the Prime Minister's Office (1967-1976). He also was Chairman of the Central Electricity Board (Mauritius) (CEB) (1968-1976). He became Head of the Civil Service and in 1976 he was knighted. Over the same period he was Secretary of the Mahatma Gandhi Institute (MGI).
Legacy
On 17 May 1984, the Sir Dayendranath Burrenchobay Foundation Act was enacted in Parliament with the objectives of promoting and encouraging research in all fields and to reward and financially assist works of importance to the economic, social and cultural development of Mauritius.
Appointment as Governor-General
Dayendranath Burrenchobay was appointed by Queen Elizabeth II to hold the office of Governor-General after Henry Garrioch's retirement. Thus Burrenchobay became the third Mauritian to hold the position of Governor-General of Mauritius following previous Mauritians Sir Michel Rivalland (1968), Sir Raman Osman (1973-1977) and Sir Henry Garrioch (1977-1978). During his term as Governor General from 1978 to 1983 he oversaw two governments, first under Prime Minister Seewoosagur Ramgoolam and then when Sir Anerood Jugnauth became Prime Minister. Burrenchobay was succeeded by Seewoosagur Ramgoolam himself.
Publications
In 2000 Dayendranath Burrenchobay's book "Let the People Think: A Compilation of the Thoughts of Sir Dayendranath Burrenchobay" was published by Editions de l'Ocean Indien.
References
Governors-General of Mauritius
1919 births
1999 deaths
Alumni of Imperial College London
Alumni of the UCL Institute of Education
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Mauritian Knights Bachelor
Mauritian Hindus
Mauritian politicians of Indian descent
People from Grand Port District
Mauritian scientists
Mauritian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Ou Reang (, ) is a district (srok) located in Mondulkiri Province, in Cambodia.
References
Districts of Mondulkiri province
The Meenambakkam bomb blast was the bomb blast that occurred on August 2, 1984 at Meenambakkam International Airport at Chennai in Tamil Nadu. A total of 33 people were killed and 27 others were injured. Tamil Eelam Army (TEA) was suspected in the bombing and later a few of its members were convicted for it.
TEA was formed in 1983 with the intention of securing a Tamil Eelam and had about 1,300 volunteers. After a brief period of intense struggle, Kathiresan and about 130 others had escaped to Tamil Nadu vowing to continue their struggle. The Meenambakkam blast, their first case of subversion, however had occurred by accident.
The bombs were placed in a plane bound for Sri Lanka aiming a blast at the airport in Sri Lanka by Kathiresan. The timer was set at around 11 PM when the Air Lanka flight UL-122 was scheduled to reach Colombo International Airport. The aircraft was to leave Chennai airport at 8:10 PM on that day.
Again, their intention was to explode the bomb after the luggage were removed from the plane and dispatched to the cargo complex. The intensity of the blast would have destroyed at least six planes in the airport, police said.
The main accused, Kathiresan purchased the ticket for the Air Lanka flight but did not travel in the flight. He had, with the assistance of a Sri Lankan, Thambiraja, Saravana Bhavan (a film actor and flying club member), Chandra Kumar (a constable at the Airport Security), Loganathan (an unauthorised porter at Meenambakkam airport) and Vijayakumar (Air Lanka office peon at Meenambakkam) tried to transmit the luggage through the conveyor for clearance by the Customs. The luggage instead of getting into the cargo for Air Lanka flight, had by mistake reached the luggage for a flight to London.
But the Customs authorities detained the luggage as the passenger did not turn up for identification.
The Air Lanka flight took off from the Meenambakkam airport around 8.15 PM As the plan did not succeed, the accused who were watching the whole incident from within the airport, went to Guindy and made repeated calls warning the airport authorities about the bombs in the luggage.
Though the police tried to retrieve the luggage, a customs inspector had objected to handing over the baggage as he mistook it to be containing gold biscuits. Two calls were made by the TEA volunteers that the luggage contained explosives which would explode around 11 PM.
It was only when the third call was made, did the customs inspector concede to hand over the suitcase. But by then it was too late. The blast occurred around 10.50 PM killing over 27 transit passengers bound for Sri Lanka and six airport security officials.
Crime Branch CID police arrested 10 persons in the case while a Sri Lanka national Sree was absconding. But three accused- Kathiresan, Vigneswara Raja and Thambiraja jumped bail. The District Sessions Judge, Chengalpattu, convicted five accused - Saravana Bhavan, Loganathan, Vijay Kumar, Balasubramaniam and Chandra Kumar - were convicted and sentenced for life.
References
Mass murder in 1984
1984 in India
1980s in Madras (city)
Violence in India
Crime in Tamil Nadu
August 1984 events in Asia
1984 murders in India
Terrorist incidents in India in 1984
Terrorist attacks on airports
Terrorist attacks on airports in Asia
February 1984 events
Improvised explosive device bombings in India
Building bombings in India
Factions in the Sri Lankan Civil War
Tamil Eelam
Ayebo Biomass Power Station, also Biovéa Biomass Power Station, is a biomass-fired thermal power plant under development in the Ivory Coast. Biovéa Énergie SA, a special purpose vehicle company, has been awarded the concession contract to design, finance, construct, operate and maintain the power station. As raw material, the power station is designed to use palm oil waste.
Location
The power plant is under construction in the village of Ayebo, in Aboisso Department, Comoé District, Sud-Comoé Region, in southeastern Ivory Coast. Ayebo is located approximately , by road, south of Abengourou, the district capital. This is about , by road, northeast of Abidjan, the capital and largest city in the country.
Overview
In January 2020, the development contract was awarded to (a) Électricité de France (EDF), the national electricity utility of France (b) Meridiam, a French public infrastructure financier and (c) Biokala SA., an "Ivorian biomass producer", a subsidiary of the Sifca Group.
The power station will burn palm oil waste, sourced from 12,000 Ivorian farmers, to heat water and produce steam. The steam will be used to turn turbines and generate electricity. The power generated will be sold to the Electricity Company of the Ivory Coast (Compagnie Ivoirienne d'Électricité) (CIE), under a 25-year power purchase agreement.
Ownership
The Ayebo biomass power plant is under development by the consortium that owns it. The owners formed a special purpose vehicle that owns and plans to operate and maintain the power station after completion. That company is called Biovéa Énergie SA. The table below illustrates the shareholding in Biovéa Énergie SA.
Construction costs and timeline
The total cost for the power plant is estimated at US$223 million. Proparco, the subsidiary of the French Development Agency (AFD), FMO (Netherlands) and Société Générale have jointly lent €90 million (approximately US$110 million), towards this project.
Électricité de France was assigned the engineering, procurement, and construction function. Meridiam was assigned the financial role, while Biokala is responsible for the supply chain of the palm oil waste. Construction was expected to start in 2020, with commercial commissioning in 2023.
In March 2022, Afrik21.africa reported that earthworks at the construction site had started on 24 February 2022, with completion anticipated in 2023. In August 2022, Biovea Energie, the special purpose vehicle company contracted China Energy Engineering Corporation (CEEC) to build the plant. Completion is expected in 2024.
Associated benefits
As a byproduct, the plant will produce ash that is rich in potassium, to be used as fertilizer by the farmers, increasing yields of palm oil and other food crops. The power station will consume an estimated 476,000 tonnes of palm oil waste annually to generate 337 giga-watt hours (GWH), every year, foregoing the emission of 1.6 million tonnes of carbon dioxide () annually. During the construction phase, an estimated 500 jobs are expected to be created and about 1,000 jobs will come to life when the plant achieves commercial commissioning.
See also
List of power stations in Ivory Coast
Divo Biomass Power Station
References
External links
Ivory Coast Signs Contract for Biomass Power Plant As of 30 January 2020.
Power stations in Ivory Coast
Comoé District
Biofuel power stations in Ivory Coast
The Slovak National Council was a Slovak political body, which was created in Vienna on September 15–16, 1848 during the Revolutions of 1848. It was led by Ľudovít Štúr, Jozef Miloslav Hurban and Michal Miloslav Hodža.
It organised the Slovak Uprising in 1848-1849 within the Revolution of 1848, as well as executive power in Western parts of Upper Hungary (today mostly Slovakia) occupied by united Austrian-Slovak forces within their fight against the Hungarians.
The first meeting on the territory of contemporary Slovakia was in the house of Mrs. Koléniová in Myjava (then Miava).
On 19 September 1848, the first national gathering of Slovaks took place in Myjava as part of the First Slovak Volunteer Campaign (from Vienna via Moravia to Slovakia). Ľudovít Štúr declared the independence of the Slovak nation from Hungary at the gathering. However, the Slovak National Council administered only Myjava and its surroundings and the volunteers were defeated after a few days.
The Slovak National Council also participated in the organization of the remaining Slovak volunteer Campaigns and other activities during the revolution. It ceased to exist in the autumn of 1849, after the revolution had been suppressed.
There is a commemorative tablet to the council near the Karlskirche in Vienna.
References
Political history of Slovakia
1848 establishments in the Austrian Empire
Slovak independence movement
Hieronymus Francken III (1611 in Antwerp – 1671 in Antwerp), was a Flemish Baroque painter and a well known member of the Francken family of artists.
Life
He was the son of Frans Francken II and Elisabeth Placquet and painted in the family tradition of religious works and historical allegories. He was the father of Constantijn Francken but he died before he could teach him to paint.
Family tree
References
1611 births
1671 deaths
Flemish Baroque painters
Artists from Antwerp
Hieronymus
The monitoring of intracranial pressure (ICP) is used in the treatment of a number of neurological conditions ranging from severe traumatic brain injury to stroke and brain bleeds. This process is called intracranial pressure monitoring. Monitoring is important as persistent increases in ICP is associated with worse prognosis in brain injuries due to decreased oxygen delivery to the injured area and risk of brain herniation.
ICP monitoring is usually used on patients who have decreased score on the Glasgow Coma Scale, indicating poor neurologic function. It is also used in patients who have non-reassuring imaging on CT, indicating compression of normal structures from swelling.
Most current clinically available measurement methods are invasive, requiring surgery to place the monitor in the brain itself. Of these, external ventricular drainage (EVD) is the current gold standard as it allows physicians to both monitor ICP and treat if necessary. Some non-invasive intracranial pressure measurement methods are currently being studied, however none are currently able to deliver the same accuracy and reliability of invasive methods.
Intracranial pressure monitoring is just one tool to manage ICP. It is used in conjunction with other techniques such as ventilator settings to manage levels of carbon dioxide in the blood, head and neck position, and other therapies such as hyperosmolar therapy, medications, and core temperature. However, there is no current consensus on the clinical benefit of ICP monitoring in overall ICP management, with evidence both supporting its use and finding no benefit in reducing mortality.
Pathophysiology
Injury to the brain will often result in brain swelling. As the brain is encased in the skull, limited swelling can be accommodated until the brain is no longer able to maintain normal function. There are two potential negative consequences from this swelling: ischemia due to compression of the brain tissue resulting in lack of blood and oxygen, and herniation of the brain.
The three main components in determining ICP is the blood circulation in the brain, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), and the brain tissue itself. This relationship is dictated by the Monro-Kellie doctrine, which states that as the brain swells, intracranial pressure (ICP) rises and cerebral perfusion decreases. As the brain swelling exceeds a certain point called the critical closing pressure (CrCP), the arterioles feeding the brain oxygen-rich blood will collapse, and the brain becomes deprived of blood. This secondary injury can cause permanent brain damage from lack of oxygen.
Herniation of the brain can occur when the pressure inside the skull exceeds the pressure of the spinal canal. This is dangerous as it can result in the compression of important areas like the brainstem that regulate breathing leading to significant neurological impairment or death.
Methods
Under normal conditions, regular movements such as leaning forward, normal heartbeat and breathing can cause changes to the ICP. Intracranial monitoring accounts for this by averaging measurements over 30 minutes in non-comatose patients. Readings between 7-15mmHg are considered normal in an adult, 3-7mmHg in children, and 1.4-6mmHg in infants.
Invasive
External ventricular drainage
The external ventricular drainage (EVD) method of intracranial pressure monitoring is the current gold standard. The placement of an EVD requires a catheter placed into one of the lateral ventricles from a burr hole made into the skull. Benefits of an EVD include its ability to not only measure changes in pressure but also drain CSF as needed, thus making it both diagnostic and therapeutic. Significantly, an EVD can also be re-calibrated after placement which is particularly useful clinically to manage measurement drift. Risks in the operation to place the EVD are minimal but include infection and brain bleeds. Drawbacks to EVDs are the difficulty to place in comparison to other methods -- especially in the setting of brain swelling or anatomical variation in ventricle size – and once placed, are at increased risk of blockage from blood, air bubbles, or other debris.
Intraparenchymal pressure monitor
There are three types of intraparenchymal pressure monitors (IPM), also called bolts: fiber optic, strain gauge, and pneumatic sensors. Fiber optic monitors use changes in light reflected back from a mirror at the end of the cable to reflect changes in the ICP. Strain gauge monitors use a diaphragm that is bent by surrounding pressure, which is then converted into electrical signals used to calculate changes in ICP. Pneumatic sensors are fitted with a balloon which measures the surrounding pressure, thereby measuring the ICP. IPMs are as equally accurate as EVDs, but cannot be recalibrated after placement, which is a major clinical limitation of this method of intracranial pressure monitoring. Risks of IPMs are similar to risks of EVDs as both require a surgical procedure. However, placement of IPMs is still considered less invasive than placement of EVDs. Additionally, placement of IPMs do not require the precision needed for EVD placement, and they are less affected by structural changes to the brain such as brain swelling or midline shift. IPMs can be placed not only in the parenchyma but also in the ventricular, subarachnoid, subdural, or epidural spaces. Generally, IPMs are chosen when EVD placement is unsuccessful or if CSF drainage is determined to likely not be necessary.
Continuous brain tissue oxygen tension (PbO2)
This method of intracranial pressure monitoring requires placement of an oxygen probe into the penumbra, the area surrounding the injury that is most at risk of secondary injury from hypoxia. The probe measures levels of oxygen in the area, with levels under 15mmHg treated with increasing oxygen levels in the body.
Non-invasive
There are many noninvasive methods for intracranial pressure monitoring such as transcranial doppler (TCD), and optic nerve sheath diameter (ONSD). While none of these methods have been able to have the accuracy, reliability, and independent validation of invasive methods, they may eventually be used in determining the severity of injury and if there is a need for more invasive measures.
References
Neurosurgery
The Van Buren County Courthouse is located at the corner of Griggs and Main Streets in downtown Clinton, Arkansas, the county seat of Van Buren County. It is a two-story masonry structure, built primarily out of local stone. Its main facade is five bays wide, each flanked by broad sections that project a small amount. The main entrance is in the center bay, with a concrete surround of pilasters and a tall corniced entablature. It was built in 1934 with funding support from the federal Works Progress Administration, and was the county's third courthouse to be located in Clinton.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
See also
List of county courthouses in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Van Buren County, Arkansas
References
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Government buildings completed in 1934
County courthouses in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Van Buren County, Arkansas
1934 establishments in Arkansas
Works Progress Administration in Arkansas
WPA Rustic architecture
Rustic architecture in Arkansas
Art Deco architecture in Arkansas
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Arkansas
Greenup County is a county located along the Ohio River in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 35,962. The county was founded in 1803 and named in honor of Christopher Greenup. Its county seat is Greenup.
Greenup County is part of the Huntington-Ashland, WV-KY-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Located with its northern border formed by the Ohio River, Greenup County was organized by an act of the General Assembly of Kentucky on December 12, 1803, from Mason County, which included the majority of eastern Kentucky at the time.
Three courthouses have served Greenup County. The first courthouse, built of logs, was replaced by a brick structure in 1811.
Law and government
The current officials of Greenup County are:
County Judge/Executive: Robert W. Carpenter
County Commissioner: Tony Quillen
County Commissioner: Ernest Duty
County Commissioner: Andrew Imel
County Attorney: Michael Wilson
County Coroner: L. Neil Wright
County Jailer: Mike Worthington
County Treasurer: Sharon Bates
County Sheriff: Matt Smith
County Surveyor: Anthony Keibler
Property Valuation Administrator: Bobby Hall
County Clerk: Patricia Hieneman
Circuit Court Clerk: Allen Reed
Greenup County is a part of the 20th Judicial Circuit (general jurisdiction) and the 20th Judicial District (limited jurisdiction) of the Kentucky Court of Justice (the state's unified court system), which includes neighboring Lewis County. The officials in the 20th Judicial Circuit are:
Circuit Court, Division 1 (General/Felony Division): Brian C. McCloud
Circuit Court, Division 2 (Family Court Division): Jeffrey L. Preston
Commonwealth's Attorney (felony prosecutor): Melvin C. Leonhart
The judge in the 20th Judicial District is:
District Court: Paul E. Craft
Misdemeanor criminal cases brought in District Court are prosecuted by the County Attorney's office.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.8%) is water.
Features
Like most eastern Kentucky counties, Greenup County is predominantly made up of rolling hills and valleys. The land in the Ohio River valley is generally flat and mostly populated by industry, commerce and residential development. Beyond this the land gives way to a series of hills and valleys that are representative of the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains. It is relatively sparsely inhabited by farmers. Among these hills, popular fishing spots can be found among the Little Sandy River, Greenbo Lake, and Tygarts Creek. Greenup County's land is still predominantly covered by forest with minimal clear-cutting of the old forests.
The soil has long supported a healthy agriculture and livestock industry. Traditionally, this has meant a sizeable tobacco base and cattle ranching. Since the late 20th century, as traditional agriculture products have been dominated by industrial-scale agri-corporations, growth has been seen in non-traditional products such as American Quarter Horses, ostriches, and marijuana.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 23 is the primary route for travel through Greenup County. It enters Greenup County at the southeasternmost point and follows the Ohio River north along the eastern border passing through Russell, Flatwoods, Raceland, Wurtland, Greenup and South Shore. It then exits just west of South Shore crossing the Ohio River via the U.S. Grant Bridge into Portsmouth, Ohio and continuing north towards Columbus, Ohio.
The AA Highway begins at U.S. Highway 23 and connects to U.S. Highway 52 in Ohio via the Jesse Stuart Memorial Bridge. The AA Highway (also known as Route 10) runs west intersecting Route 7 and eventually exiting west into Lewis County. Since its completion in 1995, the AA Highway has allowed Northeastern Kentucky residents to more easily travel to Maysville, Kentucky as well as Northern Kentucky and Cincinnati, Ohio.
The northern terminus of the Industrial Parkway (Kentucky Route 67) ends at U.S. Highway 23 at Wurtland. This highway serves to connect Wurtland and the surrounding towns of Greenup, Flatwoods and the unincorporated area of Argillite to the EastPark industrial park and Interstate 64 in Carter County.
Adjacent counties
Boyd County (southeast)
Carter County (southwest)
Lewis County (west)
Scioto County, Ohio (north)
Lawrence County, Ohio (east)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 36,891 people, 14,536 households, and 11,032 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 15,977 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.07% White, 0.57% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.38% Asian, 0.15% from other races, and 0.64% from two or more races. 0.55% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 14,536 households, out of which 32.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.30% were married couples living together, 10.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.10% were non-families. 21.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.60% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 27.90% from 25 to 44, 26.00% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 92.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,142, and the median income for a family was $38,928. Males had a median income of $35,475 versus $21,198 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,137. About 11.60% of families and 14.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.60% of those under age 18 and 9.90% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Education
Public school districts
Greenup County School District serves the cities of Greenup, Wurtland, South Shore and rural Greenup County.
Russell Independent School District serves the cities of Russell, Flatwoods and Bellefonte.
Raceland-Worthington Independent School District serves the cities of Raceland and Worthington.
Places of interest
EastPark
Greenbo Lake State Resort Park
Raceland Race Course
Alcohol sales
Greenup County is a moist county, meaning that sale of alcohol in the county is prohibited except in certain areas as voted on by the residents of the area, including at least one area where full retail sales are permitted. In the case of Greenup County, alcohol sales are permitted in the following areas:
The city of Russell has allowed the full retail sale of alcohol since 2014 after allowing, since 2008, by the drink alcohol sales at restaurants which seat at least 100 diners and derive at least 70% of their total sales from food.
The cities of Greenup, Raceland and South Shore allow full retail sale of alcohol after voters approved local option petitions in 2020.
The city of Bellefonte has allowed the full retail sale of alcohol since 2017 after allowing, since 2009, the Bellefonte Country Club to sell alcohol by the drink under a provision that allows voters of an otherwise dry precinct to allow alcohol sales at a specific, voter approved, USGA regulation golf course. The status change had no practical effect within the city itself as restaurants (other than the Bellefonte Country Club), gas stations, grocery stores and other businesses that generally sell alcohol are, by local ordinance, prohibited within the city limits of Bellefonte. The change in status allowed the Bellefonte Country Club to receive a "caterer's license" to serve alcohol by the drink at private offsite events, which was not permitted under the previous alcohol status.
The Hunnewell election precinct in unincorporated Greenup County approved a petition in 2020 allowing the River Bend Golf Course to sell alcohol by the drink under a provision that allows voters of an otherwise dry precinct to allow alcohol sales at a specific, voter approved, USGA regulation golf course.
The sale of alcohol is prohibited in the cities of Flatwoods, Worthington, Wurtland and in all areas of unincorporated Greenup County outside the River Bend Golf Course.
Communities
Bellefonte
Flatwoods
Greenup (county seat)
Lloyd
Raceland
Russell
South Portsmouth
South Shore
Worthington
Wurtland
Notable people
Billy Ray Cyrus – singer/actor, son of Ron Cyrus and father of Miley Cyrus
Ron Cyrus – politician
Don Gullett – Major League Baseball pitcher
Herb Roe – mural artist
John Stephenson – Major League Baseball Catcher
Jesse Stuart – Kentucky Poet Laureate
Clint "Hawk" Thomas – baseball player for the New York Black Yankees of the Negro leagues
Richard Whitt - Newspaper journalist, (The Courier-Journal), 1978 Pulitzer Prize for his reporting on the fire at the Beverly Hills Supper Club fire in Southgate, Kentucky.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greenup County, Kentucky
References
External links
Government website
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Detailed Road Map of Greenup County
Greenup County Tourism and Convention Commission
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
1803 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1803
John Fane (6 January 17518 February 1824), of Wormsley near Watlington, Oxfordshire, was a British Tory politician who represented Oxfordshire in eight successive Parliaments. He was also a magistrate and president of the Oxfordshire Agricultural Society.
Background
Fane was the son of Henry Fane (a younger brother of Thomas Fane, 8th Earl of Westmorland). His mother was Charlotte, daughter of Richard Luther, of Miles near Ongar in Essex.
Political career
Fane was returned to Parliament for Oxfordshire in 1796, 1802, 1806, 1807, 1812, 1818, and 1820. He was created D.C.L. Oxford 28 June 1797. Appointed Major of the Oxfordshire Militia on 4 June 1803, but not so in 1807, and Lieutenant Colonel Commandant 2nd Oxfordshire (Local) Militia 24 April 1809.
Fane was a Tory independent who supported the government Ministers when they did things he perceived to be in the national interest, but was opposed to government patronage grants and pensions to its own supporters, and he never sought or obtained, a place or pension for himself or his family. He managed his estates prudently, and did not spend money on vices or foreign travel and except when called to London by his Parliamentary duties, stayed his own country-seat amongst his tenantry. He was upright, and inflexibly impartial when exercising his magisterial duties at the Assizes and the Sessions.
Family
Fane married Lady Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Parker, 3rd Earl of Macclesfield, in 1773. He died in February 1824, aged 73. His wife survived him by five years and died in June 1829. His eldest son John inherited his estates.
Children:
Elizabeth Sarah
Charlotte (1787–1869) (who was the mother of John Fane Charles Hamilton)
Georgiana (d. 15 June 1864), wife to J. W. Henley. (The Rt. Rev. Charles de Salis was one of her grandsons).
Augusta
John Fane (9 July 1775 – 4 October 1850)
Rear-Admiral Francis William Fane (1778–1844)
Notes
References
External links
1751 births
1824 deaths
British MPs 1796–1800
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1801–1802
UK MPs 1802–1806
UK MPs 1806–1807
UK MPs 1807–1812
UK MPs 1812–1818
UK MPs 1818–1820
UK MPs 1820–1826
John
Jason Crosbie (born June 25, 1975 in Bowmanville, Ontario) is a Canadian former lacrosse player who is currently an assistant coach in the National Lacrosse League for the New York Riptide.
NLL
Crosbie began his career in 2001 with the Rochester Knighthawks, then played with the Montreal Express in 2002 (where he holds the franchise record for penalty minutes - the team's only year in existence). In 2003, he was picked up by the Buffalo Bandits, where he played for three seasons before joining the Arizona Sting in 2006. The Bandits traded to re-acquire Crosbie just before the 2006 NLL trade deadline., where he played through the 2007 season.
In July 2007, Crosbie was traded to the Philadelphia Wings in a three-team blockbuster trade. In one season with Philadelphia, Crosbie set a career high in assists with forty. Prior to the 2009 NLL season, after playing nine seasons in the league, in five different cities, Crosbie signed a two-year contract with his hometown Toronto Rock as an unrestricted free agent.
During the 2009 NLL season, he was named a reserve to the All-Star game.
In the summer of 2009, Crosbie was released from the Toronto Rock and he is currently a free agent.
Canadian Box career
Crosbie played with the 2006 Mann Cup champion Peterborough Lakers. Prior to playing with the Lakers, he was a member of the Brooklin Redmen from 1997 through 2004. Crosbie is also coach of the Clarington Green Gaels, alongside of Jonas Derks of the Chicago Shamrox. The Green Gaels won the 2004 Founders Cup championship of Canada's Junior "B" lacrosse leagues under Crosbie's direction . In 2007, Crosbie's Green Gaels were undefeated during the regular season in their attempt to reclaim the Cup.
Statistics
NLL
Reference:
References
1975 births
Living people
Arizona Sting players
Buffalo Bandits players
Canadian expatriate lacrosse people in the United States
Canadian lacrosse players
Lacrosse forwards
Lacrosse people from Ontario
National Lacrosse League All-Stars
Philadelphia Wings players
Rochester Knighthawks players
Sportspeople from Clarington
Toronto Rock players
The 1999 Eurotel Slovak Open singles was the tennis singles event of the first edition of the most prestigious tournament in Slovakia. In a final of two future World No. 1s, Amélie Mauresmo defeated Kim Clijsters in straight sets, 6–3, 6–3.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
References
ITF singles results page
Eurotel Slovak Open - Singles
The men's tournament of the 2014 FIBA 3x3 World Championships hosted in Russia was contested by 24 teams.
Participating teams
All five FIBA zones were represented. The top 24 teams, including the hosts, based on the FIBA National Federation ranking qualified for the tournament.
FIBA Asia (4)
(21)
(20)
(12)
(23)
FIBA Africa (1)
(24)
FIBA Oceania (1)
(19)
FIBA Americas (6)
(18)
(3)
(22)
(14)
(9)
(15)
FIBA Europe (12)
(13)
(17)
(11)
(8)
(7)
(16)
(1)
(2)
(10) (hosts)
(5)
(4)
(6)
Main tournament
Preliminary round
Group A
|
|
|}
Notes
: Poland–Czech Republic 22–21
Group B
|
|
|}
Notes
: Romania–Russia 19–17
Group C
|
|
|}
Notes
: Uruguay–New Zealand 16–15
Group D
|
|
|}
Source:FIBA
Knockout stage
Awards
Dunk contest
The Dunk Contest also called Nike Dunk Contest due to sponsorship reasons, was held from 7–8 June 2014. Each team can enter 1 player to participate in the dunk contest. There are two phases, the qualification and the final, which consists of the semi-finals and final). Each player has three attempts to complete both a first and a second dunk which was graded by members of the jury (0 or 5-10). 7 players entered to the competition.
Qualification
Final Standing
''After the Final held on 8 June 2014.
References
Men's tournament
2014 in men's sport
The 1978 World Junior Figure Skating Championships were held on March 21–26, 1978 in Megève, France. Sanctioned by the International Skating Union, it was the third edition of an annual competition in which figure skaters compete for the title of world junior champion. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dance
References
World Junior Figure Skating Championships
World Junior
F
International figure skating competitions hosted by France
Laura Guest (born 24 April 1985) is an Irish rugby union player. She was a member of the Irish squad to the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup. She also played at the 2006 and 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup. Guest was also part of the team that won the 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship.
Guest is a teacher by profession. In 2013, she received the West Cork Sports Star of the Year Award.
References
External links
Irish Rugby Player Profile
1985 births
Living people
Irish female rugby union players
Ireland women's international rugby union players
Munster Rugby women's players
The Australian Forestry Group UK was an element of the Second Australian Imperial Force raised for forestry duties. Its constituent units were established in 1940 and 1941 in response to a request from the British Government for foresters to work in France. After the fall of France the three Australian forestry companies were sent to the United Kingdom. The group headquarters was raised in July 1941. The foresters worked in northern England and Scotland, and had a secondary military role. The Australian Forestry Group returned to Australia via the United States in 1943, and its three companies later served in the Northern Territory and New Guinea.
History
In 1939, the British Government requested that Australia raise three, 200-man strong companies of foresters to join a force of twenty units drawn from Canada and further three from New Zealand to support the British Expeditionary Force in France and the Australian Government readily agreed. However, in line with a request from the French Government, all of their officers were to be members of either the Commonwealth or State government forest services or employed in the sawmilling industry so that the wasteful cutting and damage experienced in World War 1 was not repeated.
Two forestry companies were quickly raised in 1940 as part of the Royal Australian Engineers (RAE). The first Forestry Company (2/1) was in Sydney with men from NSW, Queensland and South Australia led by Captain Cyril Richard Cole, a professional forester from the Australian Capital Territory, while a second Forestry Company (2/2) was raised in Melbourne under the command of Captain Andrew Leonard (Ben) Benallack from the Forests Commission Victoria with soldiers recruited from Victoria, Tasmania and Western Australia. All units included men who had served in the war of 1914–18.The two Forestry Companies sailed from Fremantle on the Stratheden on 30 May 1940 destined for the Suez Canal but were diverted to England via Cape Town after France fell to Germany and the subsequent Dunkirk evacuation. The troops landed in July and undertook further military training in at Alton, southern England. They were immediately positioned to guard against invasion while the Battle of Britain was in full fury overhead.
Prior to the War, Britain had sourced much of its timber from Scandinavian countries but then had to rely on its own forests to meet its timber needs. So as the threat of invasion receded the men from the two Forestry Companies were deployed to Northumberland during September 1940. The 2/1 Forestry Company went to Seahouses, south of Berwick-upon-Tweed while the 2/2 moved to Hexham west of Newcastle upon Tyne.
Whereas the Canadians came self-contained and brought logging equipment and sawmill machinery with them, the Australian and New Zealand companies had to be equipped in Britain. Equipment was in short supply and was not what they were used to. Until crawler-tractors were available, converted agricultural tractors had to serve for logging operations. There were no chainsaws, just axes and crosscut saws. Also the winter of 1940–41 was particularly cold and hard on the men. Many had not seen snow before. Another shock was the British requirement to cut trees flush at ground level rather than at two or three feet which meant sometimes kneeling in the snow and mud using clumsy knee pads.
As the need for forestry companies persisted the 2/3 Forestry Company of 150 men was formed in Melbourne in March–April 1941 under the Command of Major Mervyn Alexander Rankin, a forester from the South Australian Woods and Forests Department. Some additional reinforcements were recruited as well as staff for a group HQ. The 2/3 Forestry Company sailed from Sydney on 4 June 1941 in the Themistocles and the Largs Bay arrived in the UK in August 1941.
In July of that year, the Australian Forestry Group was established to command all three units. It was led by Lieutenant-Colonel Cyril Richard Cole, a veteran of WW1, throughout its existence. A medical officer was attached to the group to supervise the foresters' medical treatment. All three companies were relocated to Dumfriesshire in Scotland during 1941.
To maximise the Australian foresters' productivity, less skilled forestry workers from Honduras and Italian Prisoners Of War (POWs) were placed under their control to undertake unskilled work. As well as working with timber, the forestry companies also maintained their military skills and undertook military training for one day each week and a fortnight every six months. The companies were allocated roles in British counter-invasion plans.
The Australian Forestry Group moved to Sussex in mid-1943 but shortly afterwards the group departed the UK for Australia and by the time they left the UK, the Australians had produced 30 million super feet (90 000 m3) of sawn timber.
The foresters had closer and more frequent interactions with British civilians than the AIF infantry units. They were initially billeted with civilians in private homes, and later usually accommodated in camps located near villages. The foresters were granted local leave most days, which allowed them to drink in pubs after completing their work. By the time the Forestry Group returned to Australia, 120 of its men had married British women and 40 children had been born. The Group departed the UK for Australia on 22 September 1943, but the wives of the men who had married in the UK were unable to accompany them until August 1944 due to a lack of shipping.
The New Zealand forestry companies and the Canadian Forestry Corps remained in the UK and were deployed to Europe after the D-Day invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944.
Meanwhile, the Women's Timber Corps, was created in Britain as a unit of the Women's Land Army. Also known as LumberJills, they worked alongside other military units such as the Australian forestry companies to produce timber for the war effort. Their tasks included felling, stripping bark and branches, loading, crosscutting, driving tractors, trucks, working with horses and operating sawmills. Some did more specialist tasks of assessing timber in trees, measuring the amount of timber felled, surveying new woodlands and identifying trees for harvesting.
The Australian soldiers returned via America and were given the unique honour of marching in a ticker-tape parade, with fixed bayonets, down Broadway in New York on 1 October 1943, said to be the only occasion that armed foreign troops had marched through an American city since Independence. Following their return to Australia in November, the forestry companies, undertook jungle warfare training at Canungra and received some new equipment and were later deployed to the Northern Territory and Papua New Guinea.
In PNG the Forestry Companies operated different machinery in several locations but continued to harvest logs and produce much needed sawn timber including durable material for wharfs and jetties. They worked alongside New Zealand and American forestry companies. Local people, as well as some Japanese POWs, provided labour.
At the cessation of hostilities in 1945 all three Australian forestry companies were progressively disbanded but some men remained as late as 1946 to help with reconstruction.
Nine men from the Forestry Companies were honoured including Lieutenant-Colonel Cyril Richard Cole with an Order of the British Empire (OBE) but six men died in accidents or from illness.
References
Citations
Works consulted
External links
FCRPA – Forests Commission Retired Personnel Association (Peter McHugh)
Australian Foresters in UK – 1940
Military units and formations of Australia in World War II
Forestry in Australia
Forestry in the United Kingdom
Military units and formations established in 1941
Military units and formations disestablished in 1943
1941 establishments in Australia
Cambio de Piel ("Change of Skin") is a song written by Julio Reyes, produced by Sergio George, and performed by American recording artist Marc Anthony. It was released as the second single from his thirteenth studio 3.0 (2013). A music video for the song is currently filmed at Cancún, Mexico. At the Latin Grammy Awards of 2014, the song received two nominations including Song of the Year and Record of the Year.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2013 singles
Marc Anthony songs
Spanish-language songs
Song recordings produced by Sergio George
Sony Music Latin singles
2013 songs
Songs written by Julio Reyes Copello
Songs written by Yoel Henriquez
Eamon McGee (born 26 April 1984) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Gaoth Dobhair and also, formerly, for the Donegal county team (between 2004 and 2016). He is the older brother of Neil McGee.
From Gweedore in County Donegal, he won one All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, three Ulster Senior Football Championships and one National Football League with his county and an Ulster title with his club. For a small time until Patrick McBrearty, Neil McGee, Paddy McGrath, Leo McLoone, Frank McGlynn, Michael Murphy and Anthony Thompson surpassed it in 2018, McGee's haul of Ulster Senior Football Championships was a joint county team record (alongside such past players as Anthony Molloy, Martin McHugh, Joyce McMullan and Donal Reid).
Playing career
Club
The final of the 2002 Donegal Senior Football Championship, featuring McGee and his club, was not played until 2003 due to a disagreement between two other clubs over Eddie Brennan. McGee has described the medal he received as "tainted".
In 2006, his club were back in the final of the Donegal Senior Football Championship. He played as his team won their 14th County Championship in one of the worst Donegal county finals ever.
He was sent off in the final of the 2018 Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.
Inter-county
McGee was first called up to the senior team by Brian McEniff for winter training in 2003. His early years in a Donegal shirt were marked by lapses of discipline—at one point Shane Carr left the panel when McGee moved ahead of him on the substitutes bench despite his lack of dedication.
During the 2004 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, he and Brian McLaughlin were suspended from the Donegal panel for a breach of discipline. The BBC reported that the pair had arrived for a "training session in an unfit condition" on two consecutive nights, one month after failing to turn up for one session at all.
In 2006, he and Kevin Cassidy were suspended from the Donegal football panel over a breach of discipline. McGee later returned and played in the 2006 Ulster Senior Football Championship Final at Croke Park, scoring one point.
McGee was a member of the Donegal team that won the National Football League in 2007, playing from the start to the end in the final against Mayo.
He spent some time in London and trained with their county team before returning to Donegal in 2010.
He and his brother played in the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final against Mayo. He had missed the start of the 2012 Ulster Senior Football Championship with a hamstring injury.
He departed the inter-county scene in 2016.
He thinks that the Stars "mean very little" but admits his own total affects this thinking. Himself and Paddy Andrews agree on this.
Inter-provincial
McGee represented Ulster in the Inter-Provincial Series.
Post-playing career
In November 2017, he became part of Gary McDaid's backroom team when McDaid became the first manager of the new Donegal under-20 football team.
In March 2021, Donegal announced him as part of Gary Duffy's under-20 management team.
Personal life
McGee has a profound fear of flying, a condition which has affected his ability to cope with flights to games.
McGee supports marriage equality and has campaigned to Repeal the 8th Amendment of the Irish Constitution.
Honours
Donegal
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 2012
Ulster Senior Football Championship: 2011, 2012, 2014
National Football League Division 1: 2007
National Football League Division 2: 2011
Dr McKenna Cup: 2009, 2010
Gaoth Dobhair
Donegal Senior Football Championship: 2002, 2006, 2018
Colleges
Sigerson Cup: 2004, 2005
Individual
All Star: 0
Nominated in 2012, 2014
Player of the Week: February 2013
References
External links
Official profile
Eamon McGee at gaainfo.com
Eamon McGee reflects on most memorable crisis meeting of his career
1984 births
Living people
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football backs
Gaoth Dobhair Gaelic footballers
Irish expatriate sportspeople in England
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
The Peoples National Bank burglary took place on February 18–19, 1961, when the safe deposit vault at the Seattle, Washington branch of Peoples National Bank of Washington (now U.S. Bancorp) was broken into and $45,689.53 ($ today) in cash were looted. The perpetrator, unemployed pilot Wells Benner van Steenbergh, Jr., was apprehended two weeks later. He received a 20-year prison sentence but was paroled after serving slightly more than a quarter of his sentence.
Background
Wells Benner van Steenbergh, Jr was born in Rhinebeck, New York in 1935; the family later moved to Hyde Park. He had served in the U.S. Army and was a member of the Army Reserve.
In 1955, van Steenbergh was studying engineering at Bridgeport college. During that time he was charged with murdering a Rhinebeck woman, 37-year-old Mary Browning Beresford: According to prosecution, she had caught him trying to steal a four-digit sum of money from her home on October 28, 1955, whereupon he killed her and set fire to her home to cover up the crime. The first trial against him ended in a hung jury on June 7, 1956; after a second trial he was acquitted on December 20 of the same year.
Van Steenbergh left his hometown shortly after the trial and moved to Seattle, Washington, in 1958 or 1959. He found seasonal work as a pilot for a small airline there, and met his wife Mary Sue (*ca. 1939), whom he married in December 1959. She became pregnant in mid-1960 and would later give birth to a daughter, while van Steenbergh was awaiting trial. As of late 1960, van Steenbergh was unemployed.
Robbery
As van Steenbergh would later confess, “In the early part of October, 1960, I felt the need to get more money for my family because I felt that they deserved more than they were getting from me.”
He considered three banks and eventually chose as his target the suburban South Seattle branch of Peoples National Bank of Washington, where he had an account and knew the location of the vault. Its neighborhood consisted mostly of small businesses and single-family homes, and was virtually deserted after dark. The bank was adjacent to an undeveloped plot of land, separated from the bank building only by an earth embankment and the alley leading to the bank's drive-through counter. Van Steenbergh decided to dig a tunnel into the bank from that plot of land, underneath the embankment and to the foundations of the bank building, from where he hoped he to gain access to the vault.
Van Steenbergh, who had no experience in excavations, began digging, but the tunnel caved in soon. He made a second attempt, this time carefully shoring the tunnel with timbers. He would work during the night and camouflage the tunnel entrance with scattered twigs during the day. By van Steenbergh's accounts, his wife was unaware of what he was doing, and he would always provide a cover-up story for his absences.
By late October van Steenbergh had reached the opposite side of the alley and began to slope his tunnel upwards. 18 feet (6 m) into the tunnel, he reached a crawl space under the bank building. From there he managed to get into the bank's cellar and just underneath the vault. He estimated the vault floor to be about 20 inches (50 cm) thick.
In order to break through the vault floor, van Steenbergh first tried a hammer and chisel, but quickly realized he would need stronger tools. He then inquired about suitable tools at a tool rental shop and was shown a rotary hammer. He broke into the shop the same night and stole the tools he needed. However, the power tool turned out to be so noisy that van Steenbergh feared it might alert others to his actions, and temporarily abandoned his plans over Christmas. In early January he decided to blast a hole in the vault floor, bought dynamite under an assumed name and studied explosives at the Seattle library. In mid-February he began to drill holes in the vault floor and ignited his first round of dynamite, which removed only some five inches (12 cm) of concrete.
Van Steenbergh's actions did not go entirely unnoticed: employees noticed dust and plaster falling from the ceilings and cracks in the walls. Experts were consulted, who suspected an industrial paper cutter on the third floor of being responsible for the damage; some also attributed it to the building's location near the Boeing plant, which meant aircraft were frequently flying over the building at low altitudes. No actions were taken.
In the late evening hours of Friday, February 17, van Steenbergh ignited the final round of dynamite. Fearing that the blast might have set off an alarm in the bank, he fled the site to return on the following afternoon and ensure nobody appeared to have grown suspicious. The blast had indeed been heard by two local residents, who had thought it to be the sonic boom of a fighter jet. Van Steenbergh entered the building through his tunnel on Saturday night and found he had blasted a 14 by 16 inch (35 by 40 cm) hole into the vault floor, just in the center so it had not set off the burglar alarm and had also missed heavy steel reinforcing bars. Authorities believed van Steenbergh had used magnetic locators to determine the best location, which he denied, stating he had been “just lucky”. Van Steenbergh looted $45,689.53 in banknotes and coins, of a total of $150,000 kept in the vault. He returned to the scene again on Sunday night to cover up his tracks. The burglary was not discovered until the first bank employees arrived on Monday, February 20.
Investigation and arrest
Authorities initially believed the burglary had been committed by several skilled criminals. While an intensive investigation was underway, van Steenbergh started spending the stolen money almost instantly. He opened an account with a different bank in Seattle and made mortgage payments on his house, a $1,000 down payment in cash on a used station wagon, as well as payments for a freezer and a sewing machine. Some of the bills were eventually matched to the burglary.
Van Steenbergh was arrested by the FBI at his home on March 3. He had $160 in his possession, in bills whose serial numbers matched those stolen in the burglary. He was charged with possessing stolen money and jailed on a $50,000 bail.
A merchant testified that van Steenbergh had bought drilling tools and shovels from him shortly before the burglary. $32,786.28 was found in a locker checked out to van Steenbergh at Ft. Lawton, Seattle, on March 5. Another $6,657.24 was found in a wooded area near Renton, southeast of Seattle, on the same day.
Trial
After initially pleading not guilty, van Steenbergh changed his plea to guilty on March 30, after the prosecution outlined how van Steenbergh had plotted and carried out the burglary. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison on the same day, due to become eligible for parole after 7 years. However, the judge stated he would consider a reduction of the sentence after receiving a probation report. His parole eligibility was reduced to 3 years on June 15, 1961, while the maximum penalty of 20 years was upheld, and he was released on parole on June 22, 1966.
References
Bank robberies
1961 crimes in the United States
1961 in Washington (state)
Robberies in the United States
Crimes in Washington (state)
February 1961 events in the United States
The CB650SC (also called the Nighthawk 650) is a Honda standard motorcycle sold in the US from 1982 to 1985.
In 1982, the Nighthawk replaced the Custom of the previous years and featured a re-designed tank and side covers. In 1983-1985 a new DOHC engine replaced the SOHC engine used from 1979-1982. The new engine had hydraulic valve lash adjusters and was rubber mounted. This year also saw the move from chain drive to shaft-drive for this model.
External links
Full specs on this motorcycle can be found here
Cb650SC
Motorcycles introduced in 1979
Standard motorcycles
The 1987 NCAA Women's Division I Swimming and Diving Championships were contested at the sixth annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of Division I women's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
This year's events were hosted by Indiana University at the Indiana University Natatorium in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Texas again topped the team standings, finishing just 17 points ahead of Stanford; it was the Longhorns' fourth consecutive and fourth overall women's team title.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
(H) = Hosts
(DC) = Defending champions
Full results
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Women's Swimming and Diving Championships
A Flower in a Sinful Sea (Chinese: 孽海花, Hanyu Pinyin: Nièhǎihuā, Wade-Giles:, Nieh-hai hua) is a novel by Jin Tianhe (also known as Jin Songcen) and Zeng Pu (also written as Tseng P'u). The work is a roman à clef. The work was partially translated to English by Rafe de Crespigny and Liu Ts'un-yan in 1982. It was also translated to French and Russian.
Title
The nie () refers to retributions. The hua () for "flower" is a polysemy as it can also refer to "woman". In addition the word sounds similar to hua (), meaning China.
The title has also been translated as Flower in a Sea of Sin, Flower in the Sea of Retribution, Flower in the World of Retribution, Flower in a Sea of Karma, Flower in the Sea of Evil or A Flower in an Ocean of Sin.
Plot
In the earlier versions of the novel by Jin Tianhe, Sai Jinhua, a courtesan, travels to the west with her husband, a scholar. They meet Russian anarchists and the novel describes the history of the Russian anarchist movement.
In the revised version by Zeng Pu, the prolog describes an "Island of Happy Slaves" attached to the city of Shanghai that has a population of ignorant people who party and have savageness. This is sinking into the ocean, but island's residents die without realizing that the lack of air is killing them. Milena Doleželová-Velingerová, the author of "Chapter 38: Fiction from the End of the Empire to the Beginning of the Republic (1897–1916)", wrote that "the prolog foretells the theme of the whole novel by a synecdoche". In the main story, Jin Wenqing breaks a promise to marry someone, and this leads to the woman committing suicide. Twenty years later, Jin Wenqing, a high official enjoying a luxurious life, gets into a relationship Fu Caiyun, a sing-song girl. However Fu Caiyun is in fact an image of the woman who had committed suicide. Jin Wenqing makes Fu Caiyun his concubine. Over the course of the novel, a pattern of retributions, specifically Buddhist-style retributions, occur against Jin Wenqing, punishing him for his actions. Jin Wenqing becomes a diplomat and travels to Europe. There he is unsuccessful as a government minister and does not grasp the world outside of China. Meanwhile, Fu Caiyun, who cheats on him, wins favors of several royal families, including Empress Victoria of Germany, and becomes friends with the Russian nihilist Sara Aizenson.
Jin Wenqing returns to China and then falls into disgrace. When he dies, everyone around him has abandoned him. Fu Caiyun runs away from Jin Wenqing's family after his death. At the end of the story Fu Caiyun is engaged in a relationship to a Beijing opera singer. Ultimately the novel was never finished. The table of contents of the novel states that Fu Caiyun will reunite with Count Waldersee, but this portion was never written.
The revised novel describes the upper class of China resident in Beijing and Shanghai during final 25 years of the 19th Century and compares the fate of the said upper class to that of Jin Wenqing.
Development
Jin Tianhe wrote the original five chapters of the project. It was originally a political novel criticizing Russian advances into China. Two of the chapters were published in Jiangsu (), a magazine that was published in Jiangsu and ran from 1903 to 1904. Zeng Pu wrote that the five Jin Tianhe chapters "concentrate too much on the protagonist, so they at most describe an extraordinary courtesan, and along with her, a number of historical anecdotes." Zeng Pu stated that if the original conception of the novel succeeded "it would be no more than the Li Xiangjun of Taohua shan't, or the Chen Yuanyuan of Cangsang yan []."
In 1904 Zeng Pu took control of the novel. Subsequently, the first two volumes of the novel were published by the Grove of Fiction publishing company in 1905. Each of these volumes contained 10 chapters. Four additional chapters were serialized in The Grove of Fiction magazine in 1907. These chapters were intended to be in a third volume but this volume was never published. In 1928 Zeng Pu reworked the novel into a thirty chapter version and published this version. Ultimately Zeng Pu completed the novel, transforming it into historical fiction. Zeng Pu argued that in his conception "the protagonist functions as the thread which I attempt to link together the history of the past thirty years." The University of Hong Kong Libraries wrote that "Although Zeng Pu was an avid reader of French literature in the original, the influence of his Western models on NHH comes out most clearly in the transformations of traditional Chinese motifs."
The novel, beginning with Chapter 22, was published in the magazine Xiaoshuo Lin ( "Novel Collection"). The chapters did not appear in consecutive issues, but instead were published in a sporadic manner.
Purpose and style
The novel indirectly criticized the Qing Dynasty government and promoted the values of democracy. The author uses the motif of the courtesan or the beautiful lady and the scholar in order to create a reflection of the intelligentsia in the late Qing Dynasty.
Characters
Characters in the Zeng Pu versions:
Jin Jun () or Jin Wenqing () is an official who is brought down by a series of retributions. Jin Jun is based on Hong Jun. Jin Jun is intended to represent a late Qing politician, being either a model or a caricature of such.
David Der-wei Wang wrote that Jin Wenqing is "as much a cuckold in the bedroom as he is a dupe in the councilroom." The author added that "The bedroom comedy between" Jin Wenqing and Fu Caiyun "may well be read as a political satire, pointing to the impotence and corruption of the late Qing court."
Fu Caiyun (), a sing-song girl who becomes Jin Wenqing's concubine. She is in fact an image of a woman who was wronged by Jin Wenqing. Fu Caiyun cheats on him.
David Der-wei Wang, author of Fin-de-siècle Splendor: Repressed Modernities of Late Qing Fiction, 1849-1911, stated that compared to her husband, Fu Caiyun "is much more resourceful in every aspect of life." Fu Caiyun had performed better in her zhuangyuan imperial examination than her husband did in the portions regarding foreign customs and languages. Keith McMahon, author of Polygamy and Sublime Passion: Sexuality in China on the Verge of Modernity, wrote that this was "another symbol of the Chinese man's endemic failure to understand China's need to adapt." David Wang stated that Fu Caiyun is "a highly dynamic character" who is "never a pure, virtuous woman." Liu Jianmei, author of Revolution Plus Love: Literary History, Women's Bodies, and Thematic Repetition in Twentieth-Century Chinese Fiction, wrote that Fu Caiyun is both a "promiscuous femme fatale and a national heroine."
Fu Caiyun is based on Sai Jinhua. Ying Hu, author of Tales of Translation: Composing the New Woman in China, 1899-1918, wrote that Sai Jinhua's portrayal in that work was "resolutely ambiguous."
Sara Aizenson: Sara, a Russian nihilist, becomes friends with Fu Caiyun. While accompanying Fu Caiyun, Sara talks about Sophia Perovskaya. Despite the exposure to the ideals, Fu Caiyun does not become a revolutionary. Her name is also rendered as "Xialiya".
Analysis
Peter Li's essay on the book, "The Dramatic Structure of Niehai hua", published in The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century. argues that the "architectonic" construction and "incremental dramatic development" are the two principles within the novel's structure. Li discusses the protagonist, the setting, foreshadowing within the story, and the general plot.
Robert E. Hegel's review of The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century notes that Li's essay "appears to be an early version of an essay a longer version of which forms Chapter 4 of his Tseng P'u. Cordell D. K. Yee's review of the book argues that Li's essay shows "little evidence of symmetrical design, or even "dramatic" structure" and "seems to lose sight" of the argument stated, that the analysis process became "almost an end in itself".
Translations
The first five chapters were translated as A Flower in a Sinful Sea (translated by Rafe de Crespigny and Liu Ts'un-yan), Renditions (17 & 18), 1982, pp. 137–92.
An edition in French, titled Fleur sur l'Océan des Péchés and translated by Isabelle Bijon, was published by Éditions Trans-Europe-Repress (TER) in March 1983.
See also
References
Doar, Bruce. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). The Australian Journal of Chinese Affairs, ISSN 0156-7365, 01/1982, Issue 7, pp. 199–201 (Available on JSTOR)
Doleželová-Velingerová, Milena. "Chapter 38: Fiction from the End of the Empire to the Beginning of the Republic (1897–1916)" in: Mair, Victor H. (editor). The Columbia History of Chinese Literature. Columbia University Press, August 13, 2013. p. 697–731. .
Hegel, Robert E. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). Chinese Literature: Essays, Articles, Reviews (CLEAR), ISSN 0161-9705, 07/1983, Volume 5, Issue 1/2, pp. 188–191
Hu, Ying. Tales of Translation: Composing the New Woman in China, 1899–1918. Stanford University Press, 2000. .
Idema, Wilt. A Guide to Chinese Literature. University of Michigan Press, January 1, 1997. .
Lévy, André. "Fleur sur l'océan des péchés". (book review of Niehai Hua, Archive). Études chinoises, No. 1, 1982.
Li, Peter. "The Dramatic Structure of Niehai hua in: Doleželová-Velingerová, Milena (editor). The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century (Toronto: University of Toronto Press; January 1, 1980), .
Liu, Jianmei. Revolution Plus Love: Literary History, Women's Bodies, and Thematic Repetition in Twentieth-Century Chinese Fiction. University of Hawaii Press, October 2003. – See book introduction (Archive)
McMahon, Keith. Polygamy and Sublime Passion: Sexuality in China on the Verge of Modernity. University of Hawaii Press, 2010. .
Starr, Chloë. Red-light Novels of the late Qing. BRILL, April 24, 2007. , 9789047428596.
Wang, David Der-wei. Fin-de-siècle Splendor: Repressed Modernities of Late Qing Fiction, 1849-1911. Stanford University Press, 1997. .
Yee, Cordell D. K. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). Journal of Asian Studies, ISSN 0021-9118, 05/1982, Volume 41, Issue 3, p. 574.
Notes
Further reading
McDougall, Bonnie S. and Kam Louie. The Literature of China in the Twentieth Century. Columbia University Press, 1997. , 9780231110853.
Yeh, Catherine Vance. Zeng Pu's Niehai Hua as a Political Novel: A World Genre in a Chinese Form. Harvard University, 1990. See entry at Google Books. Abstract (Archive)
20th-century Chinese novels
Qing dynasty novels
Roman à clef novels
Sir Clement Wearg (1686–1726) was an English lawyer and politician, solicitor-general from 1724.
Life
He was son and heir of Thomas Wearg of the Inner Temple, who married in 1679 Mary Fletcher of Ely, and was born in London. He was baptised at St. Botolph Without, Aldersgate, where his grandfather, Thomas Wearg, a wealthy merchant, lived. He matriculated at Peterhouse, Cambridge in 1705, and was admitted student at the Inner Temple on 25 November 1706; he was called to the bar in 1711, and became bencher in 1723, reader in 1724, and treasurer in 1725.
Wearg held strong Whig and Protestant views. He acted as the counsel for the crown in the prosecutions of Christopher Layer and Bishop Francis Atterbury, and was one of the principal managers for the House of Commons in the trial of Lord Chancellor Macclesfield. In 1722 he contested, without success, the borough of Shaftesbury in Dorset, but was returned for the Whig borough of Helston in Cornwall on 10 March 1724, having been appointed solicitor-general on the previous 1 February. About the same time he was created a knight. He died of a fever on 6 April 1726, and was buried, in accordance with the request in his will, in the Temple churchyard, under a plain raised tomb, on 12 April.
Works
A volume published in 1723 contained The Replies of Thomas Reeve and Clement Wearg in the House of Lords, 13 May 1723, against the Defence made by the Late Bishop of Rochester and his Counsel. Other attributed works were the subject of controversy at the time. Edmund Curll advertised late in 1726 the publication of six volumes of Cases of Impotence and Divorce, by Sir Clement Wearg, late Solicitor-General. Curll was attacked for this by ‘A. P.' in the ‘London Journal' on 12 November 1726; and two days later swore an affidavit that a book produced by him, and entitled The Case of Impotency as debated in England, Anno 1613, in Trial between Robert, Earl of Essex, and the Lady Frances Howard, 1715, was also by Wearg. It was dated from the Inner Temple, 30 October 1714. Wearg then had chambers in the new court.
Family
He married Elizabeth, only daughter of Sir James Montagu, chief baron of the exchequer. She died on 9 March 1746, and was buried in the same grave with her husband on 14 March. They had no children.
Notes
References
1686 births
1726 deaths
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
British MPs 1722–1727
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Inner Temple
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for constituencies in Cornwall
Solicitors General for England and Wales
Whig (British political party) MPs
Congregation Beth Israel () was a Reform synagogue, located for most of its history at 761 Chestnut Street in Gadsden, Alabama. An outgrowth of Gadsden's Jewish religious school, it was founded in 1908 and incorporated in 1910. It moved into its Chestnut Street building in 1922, and joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1924.
From 1911 to 1944 it had no rabbi, and was led by "lay-religious-leader" Hugo Hecht. In 1944, Beth Israel hired its first full-time rabbi, Ernest Appel.
The synagogue was fire-bombed and its windows smashed in 1960, during a Friday night service. Two members who rushed outside were wounded with a shotgun by the attacker, a young Nazi sympathizer.
Membership was never high; the congregation had 38 members families in 1918, and this grew to 60 families in 1960. Membership fell as major employers closed operations, and Jews emigrated from Gadsden. By 2008, family membership was down to 26. The synagogue closed in 2010.
Early history
Founded in 1908, and incorporated in January 1910, Beth Israel grew out of Gadsden's Jewish religious school, which was established in 1903. Initially the congregation had no rabbi. Every second Sunday from 1910 to 1911, Ferdinand Hirsch, a student rabbi, would come to Gadsden and teach the Sunday School in the morning and hold services in the afternoon.
Hugo Hecht, a young immigrant from Germany, acted as "lay-religious-leader" from 1911 to 1944. He conducted Shabbat and funeral services, wrote sermons, taught the Sunday school, and acted as secretary and treasurer. After a number of years, officers of the temple decided he should be given a remuneration of $20/week for his work.
Membership was 38 families by 1918. The congregational school held classes weekly, and had 15 students and 3 teachers. That year the synagogue's total income was $700 (today $).
Beth Israel broke ground and laid the cornerstone for its Classical Revival building at 761 Chestnut Street in March 1922, and moved in the following year. The Masonic dedication service was attended by hundreds of Gadsden citizens, and the main speaker was Reverend W.R. Rigell of the First Baptist Church. The completed structure had a stained-glass window with the Biblical verse fragment "LOVE THY NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF" () above the front door.
The congregation joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1924. Gadsden's Jewish community was not as badly affected by the Great Depression as others in more agriculturally-based towns, and benefited from an influx of Jewish servicemen from nearby Camp Sibert during World War II.
Full-time rabbis
In 1944 Beth Israel hired its first full-time rabbi, Ernest Appel. From a long line of rabbis from Breslau, Germany (now Wrocław, Poland), Appel emigrated to the United States in 1936 as a refugee from Nazi Germany. By 1946, when he moved to a synagogue in Maryland, the congregation had grown to nearly 30 families.
After receiving ordination from Hebrew Union College, Saul J. Rubin became Beth Israel's rabbi in September, 1958. There he met and married Elsie Parsons, Hecht's granddaughter. Rubin served until 1960, when he became assistant rabbi at Congregation Beth Ahabah in Richmond, Virginia.
Antisemitic attack
On March 25, 1960, the synagogue and its members were subject to an antisemitic attack. About 180 members were attending a Friday evening service to dedicate the new Zemurray Social Hall, and led by then-rabbi Saul Rubin and Rev. John Speaks and Dr. Franklin Denson of First Methodist Church, when windows were smashed and the synagogue fire-bombed. Two members—Alvin Lowi and Alan Cohn—who rushed out to see what was happening were met by Jerry Hunt, a 16-year-old Nazi sympathizer, who wounded them both with a shotgun, then fled. Lowi was just shot in the hand, but one of Cohn's aortas was nicked, and he almost died, requiring of blood. Earlier that week Hunt had attended a rally for antisemitic and white supremacist politician John G. Crommelin, and had had a fight with a Jewish boy over a chess game at the Gadsden Community Centre.
Decline
Membership peaked in 1960, at 60 families. In the 1970s and 1980s factories of major employers such as Republic Steel, and many Jewish-owned stores closed and younger members emigrated in search of employment. Following a significant period without a full-time rabbi, the congregation engaged Rabbi Arnold Fertig from 1977 to 1979. In the 1980s and early 1990s the rabbis were Fred Raskind and Mark Peilen. Family membership was still 57 in the early 1980s, but dropped to 43 in 1993, 38 in 2000, and only 26 by 2008. That year the youngest member was 48, and there were no children for the educational programs.
, the rabbi was Scott Saulson of Atlanta, who came in once a month to provide services. A former member of the Peace Corps, graduate of Hebrew Union College, and PhD in Semitics from the University of South Africa, Saulson was also chaplain at the Atlanta Jewish Family & Career Services, and was a speaker for the Darfur Coalition of Georgia. The congregation still held services weekly, but, as was the case during most of its early history, they were lay-led.
In 2010, the congregation ceased operation. The congregation's website stated that the synagogue had closed, effective July 1, 2010.
Notes
References
Congregation Beth Israel website.
External links
Congregation Beth Israel website
1908 establishments in Alabama
20th-century attacks on synagogues and Jewish communal organizations in the United States
Buildings and structures in Gadsden, Alabama
Crimes in Alabama
Former synagogues in the United States
Jews and Judaism in Appalachia
Neoclassical architecture in Alabama
Neoclassical synagogues
Reform synagogues in Alabama
Jewish organizations established in 1908
Synagogues completed in 1923
Al-Hejaz Club () is a Saudi Arabian football team in Baljurashi City playing at the Saudi Third Division.
Current squad
As of Saudi Third Division:
References
External links
Al Hejaz Club at Kooora.com
Hejaz
Hejaz
Hejaz
Hejaz
Robert Welch Herrick (April 21, 1868 – December 23, 1938) was a novelist who was part of a new generation of American realists. His novels deal with the turbulence of industrialized society and the turmoil it can create in sensitive, isolated people. He was also briefly acting-Governor of the United States Virgin Islands in 1935.
Biography
Herrick was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, April 21, 1868, and attended Harvard University, where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1890. In 1894 he married Harriett Peabody Emery with whom he had a son, Phillip Abbot Herrick, and two daughters, Alice Freeman Palmer Herrick and Harriet Peabody Herrick. He later taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1905 to 1923, he was a professor of literature at the University of Chicago, during which time he wrote thirteen novels. Among those considered to be his finest was Web of Life (1900).
Herrick was praised by William James for his frank and clear-eyed views, and his work can be compared to that of England's George Gissing. Both writers developed themes of social discontent, the changing role of women, and the effects of social isolation. While seeing his world with a critical eye, Herrick escaped the shrill tone of muckraking writers like Upton Sinclair. His art was free of dogmatic isms and achieves its power from a melancholic fatalism. He dreaded the brutality and ignorance of the mob as much as he despised the avarice and ennui of the upper class. Herrick was suspicious of political doctrines and utopian legislation, feeling that true progress for human happiness must always lie in individuals making moral choices.
In January 1935, he was appointed as Government Secretary of the United States Virgin Islands, taking over many of the executive functions of the governor. During a political scandal involving then-Governor Paul Martin Pearson, both Pearson and his Lieutenant Governor, Lawrence William Cramer, were called away to testify before the Senate. Pearson was ultimately forced to resign and Cramer was appointed as his replacement, but he remained in Washington, D.C., until the conclusion of the hearings. During this period, Herrick was acting-Governor of the Islands, presiding over legislative sessions.
Herrick died of a heart attack on December 23, 1938 while in Charlotte Amalie, St. Thomas, in the islands.
See also
The Harvard Monthly
Notes
External links
Guide to the Robert Herrick Papers 1887-1960 at the University of Chicago Special Collections Research Center
1868 births
1938 deaths
19th-century American novelists
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
Writers from Chicago
Governors of the United States Virgin Islands
Harvard University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
Writers from Boston
University of Chicago faculty
19th-century American male writers
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from Illinois
Novelists from Massachusetts
Margaret ( ) is a 2011 American epic psychological drama film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan. The film stars Anna Paquin, Jean Reno, Matt Damon, Mark Ruffalo, J. Smith-Cameron, Jeannie Berlin, Kieran Culkin, Olivia Thirlby, and Rosemarie DeWitt. Margaret was filmed in 2005 and originally scheduled for release that year by Fox Searchlight Pictures, but was repeatedly delayed while Lonergan struggled to create a final cut he was satisfied with, resulting in multiple lawsuits. The litigation ended in 2014.
While the studio insisted the film's running time could not exceed 150 minutes, Lonergan's preferred version was closer to three hours. Martin Scorsese and Thelma Schoonmaker contributed to editing a 165-minute version that Lonergan approved; the cut was never released because producer Gary Gilbert refused to approve it. Eventually, Fox Searchlight Pictures released the 150-minute film in a limited release in the United States on September 30, 2011, to moderately positive reviews from critics. Some considered it overlong, but it was praised for its acting and later appeared in several publications' lists of the year's best films. Critical praise has grown over time, and Margaret is now regarded as one of the best films of its decade and of the new century, and was ranked 31st in a BBC critics poll of the 21st century's 100 greatest films.
Lonergan completed a three-hour extended version incorporating extra footage with a revised score and sound mix, which was released on DVD in July 2012.
The film's title is drawn from Gerard Manley Hopkins' poem "Spring and Fall: to a young child", which is discussed in Lisa's English class.
Plot
A 17-year-old Manhattan student, Lisa Cohen, shopping on the Upper West Side, interacts with bus driver Gerald Maretti as she runs alongside his moving bus; he allows himself to become distracted, leading to a fatal accident by missing a red light, in which a pedestrian, Monica Patterson, is hit by the bus and subsequently dies in Lisa's arms. Initially, Lisa reports to the police that the driver had a green traffic signal, but later, out of remorse, changes her story. She confronts Maretti, who first pretends to have forgotten the details of the accident, and then reveals to her in anger that he does remember them, but believes he did nothing wrong, causing Lisa to pursue his firing from the company with passion. In collaboration with Monica's best friend, Emily, and cousin, Abigail, Lisa ultimately becomes involved in a wrongful death lawsuit against the Metropolitan Transit Authority, seeking the dismissal of the driver (who is revealed to have caused two previous accidents), as well as monetary damages, which would be awarded to Abigail as the victim's next of kin. Meanwhile, Lisa's life takes various turns, including a flirtation with her math teacher, Aaron Caije, her decision to lose her virginity to a classmate, Paul Hirsch, and various vehement debates with classmates about politics and terrorism.
Lisa and her actress mother have a rocky relationship, with sporadic fighting and Lisa expressing ambivalence toward her mother's boyfriend Ramon. An after-show dinner, attended by Lisa, her mother, Emily and Ramon, ends with Ramon making a remark perceived as anti-Semitic toward Emily. Ramon dies of a heart attack not long after. Lisa has sex with Caije, then later confronts Caije, telling him, in the presence of another teacher, that she has had an abortion. She expresses doubt about whom the father was and mentions that there are several possibilities.
The lawsuit reaches a conclusion, with an award of $350,000, but the MTA refuses to fire Maretti, out of concern that it would inflame a labor dispute. Abigail claims the settlement offer, revealing the monetary settlement to have been her primary motivation; this causes Lisa to become very upset and disillusioned with the outcome of the case.
Lisa and her mother plan to attend an opera that Ramon and she were to see before his death. On the way, Lisa sees Maretti driving the same bus that had killed the pedestrian and there is a brief moment where the two see each other. During the opera performance, Lisa's accumulated emotion from the sequence of events bursts out and she and her mother affectionately reconnect, crying together and holding each other as the opera goes on.
Cast
Anna Paquin as Lisa Cohen
J. Smith-Cameron as Joan Cohen
Mark Ruffalo as Gerald Maretti
Jeannie Berlin as Emily Smith
Jean Reno as Ramon Cameron
John Gallagher Jr. as Darren Rodifer
Allison Janney as Monica Patterson
Kieran Culkin as Paul Hirsch
Adam LeFevre as Rob
Matt Damon as Aaron Caije
Stephen Adly Guirgis as Mitchell
Matt Bush as Kurt
Rosemarie DeWitt as Mrs. Maretti
Matthew Broderick as John Andrew Van Tassel
Olivia Thirlby as Monica Sloane
Kenneth Lonergan as Karl
Josh Hamilton as Victor
Michael Ealy as Dave
Krysten Ritter as Salesgirl
Sarah Steele as Becky
Betsy Aidem as Abigail
Production
Filmed in 2005, the film's lengthy post-production sparked multiple lawsuits, which were scheduled to be tried in 2009. In July 2010, Fox Searchlight stated that Lonergan finally completed work on the film, and that it would be released in 2011.
Themes and Analysis
Margaret has an unusual digressive structure, with the plot only one part of a wider mosaic that explores a teenage girl's emerging consciousness and realization of the world's indifference to her anger and grief. While protagonist Lisa tries to make sense of the tragedy by variably acting out sexually, clashing with her mother, arguing about politics with classmates, and getting involved in issues that concern her only peripherally, she comes up against a city unmoved by her plight. This feeling of insignificance is enhanced by film's sound design (in the extended cut), which emphasizes other people's conversations intruding on Lisa's experiences, rendering her emotional states insignificant in the grand scheme of things. Lonergan contrasts these difficulties with scenes of Lisa's mother acting on stage as well as opera performances which provide dramatically satisfying experiences far removed from Lisa's messy real world experience. In essence, Lisa's teenage narcissism and "emotional, physical, and maturational limitations" prevent her from seeing that the adults around her are not supporting characters in her life, but part of a wider humanity that grieves and suffers. The film also incorporates numerous shots of the Manhattan skyline as well as ground level footage of people walking in real time and in slow motion, emphasizing the varied topography of the city and accentuating the gulf between Lisa's personal troubles and those of the people around her, as they all live in the mournful shadow of 9/11.
Reception
Critical response
Margaret received mostly positive reviews from critics. , the film holds a 74% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 100 reviews, with an average rating of 7.15 out of 10. The critical consensus states, "A surfeit of ideas contributes to Margarets excessive run time, but Anna Paquin does an admirable job of guiding viewers through emotional hell." The film also holds a score of 61 out of 100 on Metacritic (based on 27 critics), indicating "generally favorable reviews."
For her role as Lisa Cohen, Paquin shared the 2011 Best Actress Award from the London Film Critics Circle and received a nomination for Best Actress from the Chicago Film Critics Association. She placed first in critics' polls from the LA Weekly, the Village Voice, and the International Cinephile Society.
On December 23, 2011, Fox Searchlight sent screeners of the film to AMPAS members.
Margaret earned five-star reviews from Time Out, The Daily Telegraph, and The Guardian.
It also ranked 31st in a 2016 BBC poll of the 21st century's greatest films. It has made many best of decade lists for the 2010s. In 2019, critic Richard Brody named it one of the 27 best movies of the decade.
Some critics have cited the film as an example of a great New York City movie and a portrait of a traumatized Manhattan in the wake of 9/11.
Box office
Despite being well received critically, Margaret was commercially unsuccessful. The film was given a limited release in North America in 14 theaters and earned $46,495. In the UK, it débuted on only one screen in one cinema – Odeon Panton Street in London. Such was the interest in the film that it took £4,595 in its opening weekend, giving it by some margin the highest screen average of any film on release at the time. In France, it débuted on only one screen in one cinema – Publicis Champs Elysées in Paris. The worldwide total for the film was $623,292, well below its $14 million production budget.
Home media
An extended cut of the film was released on DVD in July 2012 in both the UK and the US. The US release also includes a Blu-ray of the film featuring the theatrical cut in high definition. The Canadian release uses identical packaging and claims to include both cuts but, in actuality, includes only the theatrical cut twice.
Soundtrack
Original music was composed by Nico Muhly with additional cues by Elliott Carter.
The film also features two scenes at the Metropolitan Opera, featuring "Casta diva" from Bellini's Norma, and "Belle nuit, ô nuit d'amour" (Barcarolle) from Jacques Offenbach's Les contes d'Hoffmann.
References
External links
Los Angeles Times on production of Margaret
Margaret: A grassroots movement to try to save a movie against its distributor's will by Mike D'Angelo
2011 films
2011 drama films
American drama films
2010s English-language films
Films directed by Kenneth Lonergan
Films produced by Sydney Pollack
Films produced by Scott Rudin
Films scored by Nico Muhly
Films set in Manhattan
Films shot in New York (state)
Films with screenplays by Kenneth Lonergan
Fox Searchlight Pictures films
Films about grieving
Films about mother–daughter relationships
Films set in New York City
2010s American films
The 2004 Siebel Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the HP Pavilion at San Jose in San Jose, California in the United States that was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 9 through February 15, 2004. First-seeded Andy Roddick won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Andy Roddick defeated Mardy Fish 7–6(15–13), 6–4
It was Roddick's 1st title of the year and the 14th of his career.
Doubles
James Blake / Mardy Fish defeated Rick Leach / Brian MacPhie 6–2, 7–5
It was Blake's 1st title of the year and the 4th of his career. It was Fish's 1st title of the year and the 3rd of his career.
References
Siebel Open
SAP Open
Siebel Open
Siebel Open
Siebel Open
{{Infobox person
| name = Masahiko Tanaka
| native_name = 田中 正彦
| image =
| imagesize =
| caption =
| birthname =
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Osaka, Japan
| death_date =
| death_place =
| othername =
| occupation = Actor, voice actor
| yearsactive = 1977–present
| height_cm = 177
| known_for =
Attack on Titan as Dot Pixis
Initial D as Kyoichi Sudo
Pokémon 4Ever as Suicune
| website =
}}
is a Japanese actor and voice actor. He is known for voicing Gauron from Full Metal Panic!, Ryo Mashiba from Hajime no Ippo, and Kyoichi Sudo from Initial D.
Filmography
TV animationInitial D (1998) (Kyoichi Sudo)The Candidate for Goddess (2000) (Headmaster)Hajime no Ippo (2000) (Ryo Mashiba)Digimon Tamers (2001) (Mihiramon)Shaman King (2001) (Ryu and Mohamed "Turbine" Tabarsi)Full Metal Panic! (2002) (Gauron)GetBackers (2002) (Fudou Takuma)Naruto (2003) (Rasa/The Fourth Kazekage)Stellvia (2003) (Carl Hutter)Monster (2004) (Dr. Boyer)Fafner in the Azure (2004) (Fumihiko Makabe)Black Lagoon (2006) (The Captain)Rin~Daughters of Mnemosyne (2008) (Tajimamori)Future Diary (2011) (Keigo Kurusu)Tiger & Bunny (2011) (Muramasa Kaburagi)Naruto Shippuden (2012) (Rasa/The Fourth Kazekage)Attack on Titan (2013) (Dot Pixis)Hajime no Ippo: Rising (2013) (Ryo Mashiba)Amagi Brilliant Park (2014) (Tetsuhige/Ironbeard)Fafner in the Azure: Exodus (2015) (Fumihiko Makabe)Drifters (2016) (Grigori Rasputin)Karakuri Circus (2018) (Shōji Saiga)Yashahime: Princess Half-Demon (2020) (Ogigayatsu Hiiragi Danjo)Shaman King (2021) (Ryunosuke Umemiya)
OVANew Story of Aura Battler Dunbine (1988) (Shott Weapon)Legend of the Galactic Heroes (1994) (Sahm)
ONAObsolete (2019) (Bowman)
MovieMobile Suit Gundam special edition (2000) (M'Quve)Initial D Third Stage (2001) (Kyoichi Sudo)Pokémon 4Ever (2001) (Suicune)Fafner in the Azure: Heaven and Earth (2010) (Fumihiko Makabe)Rainbow Fireflies (2012) (Saeko's father)
Video gamesDynasty Warriors: Gundam (2007) (M'Quve)Initial D Arcade Stage (2003–present) (Kyoichi Sudo)
Dubbing
Live-action
Alec BaldwinLooking for Richard (Clarence)The Good Shepherd (Samuel Murach)Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation (Alan Hunley)Paris Can Wait (Michael)Mission: Impossible – Fallout (Alan Hunley)12 Monkeys (Jose (Jon Seda))1917 (Captain Smith (Mark Strong))The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension (Perfect Tommy (Lewis Smith))Against the Dark (Cross (Linden Ashby))Alpha Dog (Sonny Truelove (Bruce Willis))The Art of War (Robert Bly (Michael Biehn))Black Dog (Vince (Cyril O'Reilly))The Bone Collector (Detective Howard Cheney (Michael Rooker))Burlesque (Vincent "Vince" Scali (Peter Gallagher))The Cell (Special Agent Gordon Ramsey (Jake Weber))Chernobyl (Anatoly Dyatlov (Paul Ritter))Con Air (2000 TV Asahi edition) (William "Bill Bedlam" Bedford (Nick Chinlund))Crimson Tide (Lt. Paul Hellerman (Ricky Schroder))Das Boot (2004 TV Tokyo edition) (Obersteuermann Kriechbaum (Bernd Tauber))Dead Ahead: The Exxon Valdez Disaster (Rick Steiner (David Morse))Deepwater Horizon (Jimmy Harrell (Kurt Russell))Desperado (1998 TV Asahi edition) (Navajas (Danny Trejo))Die Hard with a Vengeance (Mathias Targo (Nick Wyman), Arab Cabbie (Aasif Mandvi))Don Jon (Jon Sr. (Tony Danza))Driven to Kill (Mikhail Abramov (Igor Jijikine))Final Destination (Agent Schrek (Roger Guenveur Smith))Finding Forrester (Terrell (Busta Rhymes))The Five-Year Engagement (Winton Childs (Rhys Ifans))Flight (Charlie Anderson (Bruce Greenwood))For Love of the Game (Gus Sinski (John C. Reilly))Gossip Girl (Tim Gunn)House of Cards (Mark Usher (Campbell Scott))It Chapter Two (Alvin Marsh (Stephen Bogaert))Jacob's Ladder (Doug (Brian Tarantina))Knockin' on Heaven's Door (Martin Brest (Til Schweiger))Léon: The Professional (Norman Stansfield (Gary Oldman))Léon: The Professional (2009 Blu-Ray edition) (2nd Subordinate of Stansfield (Don Creech), Fatman (Frank Senger))Lessons of a Dream (Richard Hartung (Justus von Dohnányi))The Lost Bladesman (Cao Cao (Jiang Wen))Martha Marcy May Marlene (Patrick (John Hawkes))Michael Collins (Harry Boland (Aidan Quinn))Money Monster (Captain Marcus Powell (Giancarlo Esposito))NCIS: Los Angeles (Owen Granger (Miguel Ferrer))Pixels (Corporal Hill (Sean Bean))Police Story (Inspector Man)The Protector (Benny Garrucci (Bill Wallace))Race (Avery Brundage (Jeremy Irons))Rising Sun (Eddie Sakamura (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa))The Rock (Commander Charles Anderson (Michael Biehn))Rogue One (Galen Erso (Mads Mikkelsen))Safe House (2018 BS Japan edition) (Daniel Kiefer (Robert Patrick))Screamers (Marshal Richard Cooper / Private Becker Screamer (Roy Dupuis))Secondhand Lions (Stan (Nicky Katt))Seven (California (John C. McGinley))The Shawshank Redemption (Byron Hadley (Clancy Brown))Silent Trigger (O'Hara (Christopher Heyerdahl))Syriana (Stan Goff (William Hurt))The Thin Red Line (Sgt. Brian William Keck (Woody Harrelson))Twilight (Charlie Swan (Billy Burke))Underworld: Evolution (Markus Corvinus (Tony Curran))U.S. Marshals (Cosmo Renfro (Joe Pantoliano))War Horse (Major Jamie Stewart (Benedict Cumberbatch))Xanadu (Simpson (James Sloyan))
AnimationBatman: The Animated Series (Ra's al Ghul)Batman: The Brave and the Bold (Gentleman Ghost)Beware the Batman (Ra's al Ghul)How to Train Your Dragon (Stoick the Vast)How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World (Stoick the Vast)Monster House'' (DJ's Father)
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Japanese male voice actors
José Folgado Blanco (3 April 1944 – 23 March 2020) was a Spanish businessman, economist and politician.
Biography
He was a member of the People's Party. He served as president of Red Eléctrica de España from 2012 to 2018; as Deputy of Congress in 2000 and from 2004 to 2008, representing Zamora; as mayor of Tres Cantos from 2007 to 2012.
Folgado also was Secretary of State for Budgets and Expenses between 1996 and 2000; for Economy, Energy and SMEs between 2000 and 2002; and for Energy, Industrial Development and SMEs since 2002 until 2004.
He died on 23 March 2020 of COVID-19 at the age of 75.
Honors
Order of Isabella the Catholic (Knight Grand Cross. 2004)
References
1944 births
2020 deaths
Members of the 7th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 8th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Spanish economists
Politicians from Castile and León
20th-century Spanish politicians
21st-century Spanish politicians
People's Party (Spain) politicians
Autonomous University of Madrid faculty
Autonomous University of Madrid alumni
People from the Province of Zamora
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Spanish business executives
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain
Mayors of places in the Community of Madrid
Secretaries of State of Spain
Marcos Juan Gutiérrez (born 30 November 1970) is a former Argentine goalkeeper who last played for Chilean club Deportes La Serena.
One of his milestones in Chilean football was to save a penalty to Esteban Paredes, Primera División de Chile all–time top scorer. Likewise, in the same game, his team, Deportes La Serena, achieved a historic 4–0 victory over Chilean giants Colo-Colo.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Newell's Old Boys footballers
San Martín de Tucumán footballers
Olimpo footballers
Talleres de Córdoba footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Deportes La Serena footballers
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Toros Neza footballers
Liga MX players
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Jujuy Province
The Women's 50 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 21 and 22 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 21 May at 09:35.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 21 May at 17:48.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 22 May at 16:02.
References
Women's 50 metre freestyle
2016 in women's swimming
The ochre-breasted foliage-gleaner (Anabacerthia lichtensteini) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in the southern Atlantic Forest and neighboring areas of southern Brazil. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
ochre-breasted foliage-gleaner
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of Brazil
ochre-breasted foliage-gleaner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Birch Gun was the first practical British self-propelled artillery gun, built at the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich in 1925.
Despite proving itself a practical proposition the Birch Gun was never highly regarded by the British High Command, apparently not for any particular defect or lack of capability but an entrenched belief that such an innovation was unprecedented and so at best unwelcome and at worst an expensive and unnecessary indulgence.
Named after General Sir Noel Birch, who was Master General of Ordnance at the time, the Birch gun comprised a Vickers Medium Mark II tank chassis originally fitted with a QF 18-pounder (83.8 mm) gun. This remained the armament in all the models, although the latest version, usually called the Mk III, had limited elevation. Birch Guns were used in the Experimental Mechanized Force manoeuvres of 1928 but by 1931 they had been removed from service and political pressure was applied to prevent any plans to complete the third version of this weapon.
It would be a decade before the British Army returned to the concept of tracked artillery, in the middle years of a war for national survival where speed and mobility on the battlefield were not optional and eleven years before it would once again be equipped with a similarly effective weapon.
Armament
The armament for the original Birch Gun consisted of an Ordnance QF 18 pounder field gun (3.3 inch, 84 mm). The mounting and sighting arrangements varied in the various versions but the gun remained the same.
Powerplant
The Armstrong Siddeley engine was only moderately powerful by later standards, an 8-cylinder 90 horse power unit which gave a maximum speed of 28 mph/45 km/h, however, by comparison with tracked armour of the era – the Medium Mark A Whippet 'cavalry tank' of World War I was twenty miles per hour slower – it was considered more than adequate and had twice the Whippet's range.
Variants
The initial prototype, the Mark I, made its first appearance in January 1925 and spent the next year undergoing trials and taking part in manoeuvres, mainly with 28 Battery, 9th Field Brigade, Royal Artillery. The lone Mark I was transferred to 20 Battery, 9th Field Brigade RA, who then took delivery of three Mark II Birch Guns in July 1926, followed by a fourth gun in September. Improvements included changes to the gun and (very complex) sighting equipment: the top-mounted recuperator was moved below the barrel and a gun shield provided for crew protection. In all five vehicles the gun was pintle-mounted towards the front of the vehicle and had a 360 degree traverse and a maximum elevation of almost 90 degrees, allowing them to be used as anti-aircraft artillery.
The five guns participated in field exercises, as part of the Experimental Mechanized Force and its successor, the Experimental Armoured Force, which was disbanded in February 1929. Tank advocate and theorist B. H. Liddell Hart subsequently argued the EMF's operations were always too small in scope, were exclusively confined to that of an adjunct to larger, traditionally organised force of the kind whose limitations had been so cruelly exposed in the Great War.
In effect he asserted the exercises had been designed to avoid any hint that mechanised forces could operate independently or be strategically decisive. Whether or not that accusation was well-founded one shortcoming highlighted by the exercises was that infantry lorries (and by extension, towed artillery) could not keep up with the tanks cross-country. The solution, that of providing the infantry with tracked or half-tracked armoured personnel carriers (the route taken by France and Germany) was deemed far too expensive and effectively dismissed.
It was against this largely negative background that the Experimental Armoured Force was disbanded, leaving the British Army that pioneered the use of armoured formations to form ad hoc armoured forces, employing tank brigades and motorized infantry brigades that acted independently and thus did not practice integrated arms warfare, a habit so ingrained that it survived well into World War II.
With the withdrawal from service of five Birch guns in June–July 1931 ended not only the British Army's promising experiments with tracked self-propelled artillery ended (unintelligible) but any attempt to integrate infantry, guns and tracks until the hurriedly improvised vehicles were rushed into British service during the Second World War, notably the Bishop and the Deacon, then learning afresh how to best employ them.
Not only had lessons learned in the 1920s been squandered, so had the opportunity to perfect the operational use of highly mobile armoured forces working in collaboration with similarly mobile and well-protected infantry. When these lessons had to be re-learned (or those who refused to learn them replaced) the British army could once again make proper use of such weapons systems while pitted against a well-equipped, forward-looking, fast-moving and aggressive adversary for whose military leaders the British experiments and advocates of mechanised warfare had been inspirational.
If 'exotic' weapons like the Birch gun were dismissed as something between a fad and a threat to the established order of the peacetime army seems foolish in hindsight (unintelligible) perhaps it is understandable in the context of an army - and in a nation - that had just fought "the war to end all wars" for four long years, in the processes losing a million killed, two million injured and ended the war exhausted and on the verge of bankruptcy. If the general public were uninterested, wishing only to forgetting the horrors of trench warfare, the higher echelons of the army seemed to be determined to downplay the role of any and all innovations in breaking the stalemate on the Western Front.
It was therefore surprising two Mark III Birch Guns were produced but they were never issued to serving units. Unlike the previous marks these featured revolving barbettes that increased protection for the gun crew at the cost of severely limiting the guns' elevation, preventing use against aircraft or to provide long-range fire, limiting them to short-range, direct fire.
It is arguable that if the Mk I Birch gun was the first self-propelled tracked artillery piece then the Mk III Birch Gun was the world's first assault gun but neither weapon - nor category of weapon - would find a role in British service until after similar vehicles were encountered in combat decades after the same weapons had been firmly set aside.
Use
The Birch gun was tested as part of the Experimental Mechanized Force in the 1920s. The Force undertook various experiments in mechanized warfare combining tanks and infantry with their own motorised transport.
The composition of the force was:
reconnaissance group with tankettes and armoured cars
battalion of 48 Vickers medium tanks
motorised machine gun battalion
mechanised artillery regiment, Birch guns forming one battery
motorised field engineer company
References
Bibliography
External links
Self-Propelled Field and Medium Guns
Self-propelled artillery of the United Kingdom
85 mm artillery
Abandoned military projects of the United Kingdom
Matthew Thomas DeSalvo (born September 11, 1980) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He made his major league debut with the New York Yankees on May 7, , against the Seattle Mariners going 7 innings and only giving up 3 hits.
Career
DeSalvo graduated from Union Area High School in New Castle, Pennsylvania, in 1998, and Marietta College in Marietta, Ohio, with a bachelor's degree in environmental science, in 2003. He holds the NCAA Division III record for career wins (53), strikeouts in a season (205), and strikeouts in a career (603.) His records for career wins and career strikeouts are NCAA All-Division records. DeSalvo was inducted into the National College Baseball Hall of Fame in July 2016, becoming the first Division III pitcher inducted.
DeSalvo was an All-League player for the Delaware Cows of the Great Lakes League, He also played for the Danbury Westerners of the New England Collegiate Baseball League.
New York Yankees
DeSalvo was signed as an undrafted free agent by the New York Yankees in . In , he posted a 9-5 record and a 3.02 earned run average (ERA) in 24 starts with the Trenton Thunder. In , his control deserted him, as he averaged 15 and 7.9 walks per 9 innings in, respectively, 78 innings at Trenton and innings at Triple-A Columbus Clippers. In the minor leagues from 2003–06, he averaged 7 hits, 5 walks, and 8 strikeouts per 9 innings.
On January 26, 2007, DeSalvo was designated for assignment. He cleared waivers, and was sent outright to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on February 1. DeSalvo made his major league debut for the Yankees on May 7, 2007, against the Seattle Mariners. He pitched 7 innings giving up 3 hits and 1 run, but received a no decision in the Yankees' 3-2 loss. On May 13, 2007, DeSalvo got his first MLB win against the Mariners. He went innings with 2 strikeouts, while only giving up 7 hits and 2 runs.
Atlanta Braves
On January 5, , he signed a minor league deal with the Atlanta Braves. On August 15, he was called up from the Richmond Braves to replace Tom Glavine on the Braves roster, and was briefly used in the bullpen before being sent back down on August 23. DeSalvo was released on September 4 after refusing an outright assignment to the minors.
New York Mets
On January 29, , he signed a minor league deal with the New York Mets. He was released by the Mets on April 4.
Tampa Bay Rays
On May 25, 2009, DeSalvo was signed to a minor league deal by the Tampa Bay Rays. On August 12, 2009 DeSalvo was released by the Tampa Bay Rays.
Florida Marlins
On August 15, 2009, DeSalvo signed a minor league contract with the Florida Marlins. On May 3, 2010, DeSalvo was released by the Florida Marlins.
York Revolution
On August 15, 2010, he signed and was activated by the York Revolution of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He started that same day against the Lancaster Barnstormers. He pitched 5 innings, striking out 7 and giving up 6 earned runs. He was the winning pitcher thanks to an 18 run outburst by the York team. On February 10, 2011, he signed a contract with the York Revolution. Despite being injured for much of the second half, he finished the season third in the Atlantic League in strikeouts with 108 and fourth in ERA at 3.89. He returned to pitch an inning in the final regular season game. He then pitched in both the divisional series win against Lancaster and the championship series win vs. Long Island. He was on the mound when the final out was recorded.
Lamigo Monkeys
DeSalvo signed with the Lamigo Monkeys of the Chinese Professional Baseball League for the 2012 season.
Personal life
DeSalvo is an avid reader. He has a reading list with over 400 titles, and has read about 200 so far, including Albert Camus' Myth of Sisyphus and Christa Wolf's In Search of Christa. He now lives in Union Township with his wife, Emily DeSalvo
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Major League Baseball pitchers
Staten Island Yankees players
Tampa Yankees players
Trenton Thunder players
Columbus Clippers players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees players
Richmond Braves players
New York Yankees players
Atlanta Braves players
Marietta Pioneers baseball players
New Orleans Zephyrs players
Durham Bulls players
Southern Maryland Blue Crabs players
York Revolution players
People from New Castle, Pennsylvania
National College Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
In computer networks, a service capability interaction manager (or SCIM) orchestrates service delivery among application server platforms within the IP multimedia subsystem (IMS) architecture.
A key requirement for the Service Broker functionality is to be able to bridge between the existing legacy networks, and the next-generation networks. For example, if the operator has a service platform that provides freephone (or reverse charging)-type services to its GSM subscriber, the service broker will enable the operator to extend this to the IMS environment without modifying the service platform or the service application. The service broker will also enable the Centrex-type services to be combined with existing GSM services, such as ringback tones or VPN.
References
Service-oriented (business computing)
The North West Area, Ipswich is one of five administrative areas in Ipswich, through which Ipswich Borough Council divides its spending and enables feedback from local residents, businesses and community groups.
The area is composed of three wards, each represented by three councillors. Each ward is also a Middle Layer Super Output Area (MSOA). As of the 2019 Ipswich Borough Council election, the councillors are as follows:
These Councillors form the North West Area Committee of which Colin Wright is the chair.
The area is also covered by a Neighbourhood Watch network which comprises 35 neighbourhood watch schemes.
References
Areas in Ipswich
Sumi Khadka () (born c. 1978) is a Nepalese actress and beauty queen. She was crowned Miss Nepal 1995.
Filmography
External links
Miss Nepal Official Website
Living people
Actors from Kathmandu
Miss Nepal winners
Nepalese film actresses
Nepalese female models
Actresses in Nepali cinema
Nepalese beauty pageant winners
20th-century Nepalese actresses
1978 births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Isudan Gadhvi (Devnagari: ईशुदान गढ़वी; Gujarati: ઈશુદાન ગઢવી) is an Indian politician and senior Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader from Gujarat. Currently, Gadhvi is the National Joint General Secretary of the Aam Aadmi Party and a member of its National Executive. Formerly working as a media professional, he was known as a TV journalist and editor of VTV News as well as anchor of his popular news show Mahamanthan at VTV Gujarati. Since his joining active politics, Isudan became a popular face of AAP in Gujarat.
Early life & family
Isudan was born on 10 Jan 1982 in Pipaliya village near Jamkhambhaliya town in Devbhoomi Dwarka district of Gujarat. His father is Kherajbhai Gadhvi, a farmer by profession.
Education
Isudan Gadhvi graduated with Masters in Journalism and Mass Communication from Gujarat Vidyapeeth in 2005.
Career in Journalism
Early in his career in journalism, Gadhvi worked in a popular Doordarshan show called ‘Yojana'. From 2007 to 2011, Isudan worked at ETV Gujarati as an on-field journalist in Porbandar. Later, he exposed a Rs 150 crore scam of illegal deforestration in Dang and Kaparada talukas of Gujarat on his news show, after which the Gujarat government was forced to take action. The incident helped Gadhvi rise to fame and earned him a badge of a fearless journalist.
Mahamanthan
He joined VTV Gujarati in 2015 as the youngest channel head in Gujarati media. For the next 5 years till 2021, Isudan hosted a popular prime-time TV show called Mahamanthan on the state's famous VTV Gujarati. In this program, Isudan would not only discuss various issues with the panelists sitting in the studio, but also do a ‘phone-in' where he would discuss the same issues with the public and get their views. It became very popular in Gujarat, especially in rural areas. Farmers used to ask for his help for their major and minor issues and in return, Isudan would highlight these on his shows.
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP)
In June 2021, Isudan Gadhvi joined the AAP Party facilitated by Arvind Kejriwal, who arrived in Ahmedabad to inaugurate AAP's state headquarters. The Delhi chief minister called Gadhvi's joining the AAP as a “huge sacrifice of a promising career to clean the mess that the ruling party, together with the Congress, had created in Gujarat.” He added, “Gadhvi has left a plum career for AAP...You can bring a change from outside the system, but there is a limitation to this. So, Gadhvi decided to join the system and clean the mess.”
Addressing media persons at Circuit House in Surat, Isudan said,"I joined the media to serve people and the people of Gujarat liked me. I found that by remaining in the media industry, I can serve only a few people, so I left the industry and joined politics so that I can work for large number of people."Gadhvi's induction in AAP was seen a big political move to garner support owing to Gadhvi's popular image in the state. AAP Gujarat's election in-charge Gulab Singh Yadav commented “it has not been a week since the joining of Isudan Gadhvi and we have received lakhs of calls from people expressing their wish to join the party”. Soon after, Kejriwal announced AAP's decision to contest the assembly election on all 182 seats in Gujarat in 2022.
National Joint General Secretary
Recently in June 2022, ahead of the upcoming assembly elections in Gujarat, the AAP party dissolved its Gujarat unit and reinvigorated it with a new organizational structure, marked by the appointment of Gadhvi, a popular face of the party in Gujarat, as the National Joint General Secretary.
Political issues
During his maiden visit to Surat along with other Gujarat AAP leaders, Gadhvi said, “It is true that there's no place for a third political party in Gujarat. In the 2022 polls, Congress will be relegated to third place while AAP will emerge as a strong contender to BJP which has ruled the state for over two decades.”During his 'Jan Samvad Yatra' in Junagadh, Isudan Gadhvi's convoy was attacked allegedly by 'BJP goons' during the journey. Delhi CM Kejriwal has spoken to Gujarat CM Vijay Rupani and demanded registration of FIR regarding this incident and strict action should be taken against the culprits. He tweeted, "If people like Isudan and Mahesh Bhai are being attacked openly in Gujarat then no one is safe in Gujarat."
Gadhvi attacked BJP criticizing its “Jan Aashirwad” campaign, calling it an insult to the memory of those who have died of coronavirus in the first and second waves of the pandemic. Gadhvi reminded that when the AAP organised Jan Samvedna programme and visited every district and village in Gujarat to collect the data and expose negligence of the state government, the BJP announced their Jan Aashirwad Yatra campaign “with great levels of shamelessness”.
Criticizing BJP government's ineffectiveness during coronavirus pandemic, Gadhvi said,“The BJP has been in power in Gujarat for the past two-and-a-half decades… lakhs of people in Gujarat died of Covid owing to lack of oxygen, medicines, hospital beds and policies such as no admission in hospitals without ambulance support. But the government had hidden the figures…. At the time when people were running from pillar to post for medicines and oxygen cylinders, none of these BJP leaders answered their phone calls… worse, they switched off their mobile phones or gave rude reply to people asking for help”.
In September 2021, Isudan Gadhvi at a press contact slammed the demolition of Ramdev Peer temple in Surat city by BJP and demanded apology from Gujarat Chief Minister. “Today, the Hindu samaj of Gujarat has been hurt and we can see the priest crying during the demolition drive. You didn't bother to ask the priests or Hindu community leaders before the demolition. When workers of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad tried to protest, you used police to use force, detain them and intimidate them with threats of arrest. Even the British did not dare to touch the temples and even Mahmud Ghaznavi did not stoop to this extent. Then how come the BJP in Gujarat managed to do it? Our ancestors have given their lives for our temples,” Gadhvi said.In December 2021, AAP had taken BJP by surprise after hundreds of party workers led by Isudan Gadhvi, among other top leaders stormed the ruling party's headquarters in Gandhinagar, demanding action on question paper leak in a recruitment examination. After the protests, 93 AAP leaders including Gadhvi were jailed for 11 days.
Parivartan Yatra
In May 2022, AAP leaders in Gujarat planned a ‘Parivartan Yatra' aiming to bring change in Gujarat politics and in the process interact with voters and citizens and spread their message to four crore voters in the state. The party launched the ‘Parivartan Yatra' from five locations of Gujarat.
AAP leaders Isudan Gadhvi and Indranil Rajguru led the precession from Dwarka and Kailash Gadhvi and Raj Karpada from Abdasa-Kutch; Sagar Rabari, and Bhima Chaudhary from Siddhpur (North Gujarat); and Manoj Sorathia, Ram dhaduk, and Rakesh Hirpara led yatra from Dandi in South Gujarat.
Isudan Gadhvi was quoted:“We shall hold meetings in all 182 assembly constituencies. We will go among the people to learn about their difficulties and listen to their questions and address their issues. We will also hold a vote to gather public opinion from 10 lakh people… We will debate and discuss crucial topics such as inflation and corruption with the people.”
Farmer Issues
According to Isudan, the BJP government had repealed the 3 farm laws only due to their fear of being defeated in upcoming polls. He demanded a law guaranteeing minimum support price (MSP) in Gujarat.
Isudan has alleged that large scale black marketing of urea is taking place in the state where subsidized urea fertilizer for farmers is being sold at high prices to big factories. He also accused the seed bootleggers of having government backing selling urea available at Rs. 6 to at Rs. 77.
Election campaigns
On 11 September 2022, Ahmedabad police raided AAPs data management office in Ahmedabad. AAP said the ruling party was "extremely rattled" by the "immense support" received by AAP in Gujarat. There has been a series of raids in which AAP leaders were targeted by agencies under the BJP-led Union government.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP of trying to "crush" the AAP in the name of fighting corruption as they feared of getting defeated in the election. He said that the Modi government was trying to implicate AAP leaders in false corruption cases as the BJP is "not able to digest the growing popularity of the AAP in Gujarat". He said that the AAP's growing influence in Gujarat has rattled BJP and that "the prime minister's advisor Hiren Joshi has warned several TV channels owners and their editors not to give coverage to AAP party in Gujarat, threatening them with dire consequences".
AAP national joint secretary Isudan Gadhvi said that BJP had been preventing AAP spokesperson from debate by threatening TV Media. Gadhvi said that in order to prevent an upcoming rally by Kejriwal in Vadodara, BJP threatened the owners of 13 venues and forced them to cancel AAP's election programmes. Kejriwal said that stopping the opposition parties from holding election programmes was wrong for the ruling party BJP.
External links
Isudan Gadhvi - Blogspot
Isudan Gadhvi - OneIndia profile
References
1982 births
Living people
21st-century Indian politicians
Indian anti-corruption activists
Aam Aadmi Party politicians from Gujarat
Aam Aadmi Party politicians
Indian television journalists
Indian television presenters
Indian male television journalists
Indian broadcast news analysts
Indian television news anchors
Indian political journalists
Indian columnists
Journalists from Gujarat
People from Gujarat
People from Devbhoomi Dwarka district
Gujarati people
Charan
Gadhavi (surname)
Jamel McLean (born 18 April 1988) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Skyliners Frankfurt of the Basketball Bundesliga. Standing at , he plays at the power forward and center positions.
Professional career
After failing to get drafted at the 2011 NBA draft, Mclean signed with Leuven Bears of Belgium, for the 2011–12 season.
On October 5, 2012, he signed a two-month deal with Telenet Oostende of Belgium. After his contract expired, he left Oostende. On January 5, 2013, he signed with Telekom Baskets Bonn of Germany for the rest of the season. On June 28, 2013, he re-signed with Telekom Bonn for one more season.
On August 5, 2014, McLean signed a one-year contract, with an option for another season, with the German club Alba Berlin. In the 2014–15 season, he was named the Basketball Bundesliga MVP. On July 3, 2015, he opted out of his contract with Alba.
On July 9, 2015, McLean signed a two-year contract with Italian club EA7 Emporio Armani Milano.
On July 12, 2017, McLean signed a two-year contract with Greek club Olympiacos. On June 29, 2018, McLean's agent announced that Olympiacos had opted out of their contract with the player. On July 17, 2018, McLean signed with the Russian team Lokomotiv Kuban.
On August 28, 2019, he has signed with Dinamo Sassari of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A.
At mid 2019-20 season McLean resigned from Sassari to move to Japan, where he signed with Nagoya Diamond Dolphins until the end of the season.
On February 22, 2021, McLean signed with MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg of the Basketball Bundesliga for the remainder of the 2021 season.
On July 7, 2021, he has signed with Casademont Zaragoza of the Liga ACB. McLean averaged 9 points and 4 rebounds per game. He parted ways with the team on November 21.
On November 22, McLean signed with Skyliners Frankfurt of the Basketball Bundesliga.
Career statistics
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Alba Berlin
| 21 || 14 || 25.4 || .559 || .000 || .770 || 5.6 || 1.6 || 1.0 || .2 || 13.0 || 16.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Milano
| 10 || 9 || 22.5 || .531 || .000 || .830 || 4.1 || .9 || 1.0 || .1 || 10.7 || 13.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Milano
| 30 || 9 || 20.4 || .591 || .167 || .716 || 4.2 || 1.4 || .7 || .25 || 8.7 || 10
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 31 || 23 || 24.5 || .551 || .000 || .787 || 5.1 || 1.4 || 1.0 || .2 || 12.3 || 15.7
References
External links
draftexpress.com profile
eurobasket.com profile
EuroLeague profile
FIBA bio
Lega Basket profile
Xavier Musketeers bio
1988 births
Living people
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
Alba Berlin players
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New York City
Basketball players from Virginia
Basket Zaragoza players
BC Oostende players
Centers (basketball)
Dinamo Sassari players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Leuven Bears players
Liga ACB players
Riesen Ludwigsburg players
Nagoya Diamond Dolphins players
Olimpia Milano players
Olympiacos B.C. players
PBC Lokomotiv-Kuban players
Power forwards (basketball)
Skyliners Frankfurt players
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
Sportspeople from Hampton, Virginia
Telekom Baskets Bonn players
Tulsa Golden Hurricane men's basketball players
Xavier Musketeers men's basketball players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Dewar Cup circuit was a series tour of British indoor tennis tournaments sponsored by the Scottish whisky firm of Dewar's from 1965 to 1976.
History
The Dewar Cup circuit were held continuously throughout the autumn, normally October through to November each of the individual events were stand alone tournaments in themselves they included both men's and women's singles and doubles and mixed doubles competition awarding prize money, players were also awarded qualifying points for the climax of the tour, and were staged as the Dewar Cup Finals London, they were initially held at the Crystal Palace, London for the first two years, and then, in 1970, moved to the Royal Albert Hall until 1976 by which time the circuit had declined to the one main event for 1975 and 1976.
Dewar Cup tournaments
Dewar Cup Aberavon
Dewar Cup Billingham
Dewar Cup Cardiff
Dewar Cup Edinburgh
Dewar Cup Nottingham
Dewar Cup London
Dewar Cup Perth
Dewar Cup Stalybridge
Dewar Cup Torquay
References
External links
https://thetennisbase.com/Aberavon Results
https://thetennisbase.com/Perth Results
http://www.tennisarchives.com/1969 Perth Result
https://thetennisbase.com/Stalybridge results
Defunct tennis tournaments in the United Kingdom
The 2004–05 season of the Philippine Basketball League (PBL).
2004-05 Open Championships
Montaña vs Granny Goose (Best-of-three semis)
Magnolia vs Welcoat (Best-of-three semis)
Open finals
Montaña won their first-ever PBL title by blasting the Welcoat Paintmasters, 79-65, in the deciding fifth game of their series, the Jewels leaned on another shooting performance from finals MVP Alex Compton, who finish with a game-high 26 points, and also got gritty plays from veteran playmaker Froilan Baguion, who shot 13 points and pulled off three steals. Leo Najorda led Welcoat's charge with 20 points while Welcoat star Anthony Washington struggled offensively for the second straight game after stellar performances early in the finals series.
Individual awards (Open)
Most Valuable Player: Jondan Salvador (Montaña)
Finals MVP: Alex Compton (Montaña)
Scoring Sensation Plum: Mark Cardona (ICTSI-La Salle)
Defensive Stopper Award: JR Quiñahan (Granny Goose)
Mr. Intangible: Eugene Tan (Welcoat)
True Gentleman: Jenkins Mesina (Addict Mobile-Ateneo)
Instant Impact: Al Vergara (Montaña)
Mythical Five
Jondan Salvador (Montaña)
Jay Washington (Welcoat)
Arwind Santos (Magnolia)
JR Quiñahan (Granny Goose)
Mark Cardona (ICTSI-La Salle)
Mythical Second Team
Warren Ybañez (Magnolia)
Denok Miranda (Magnolia)
Marvin Ortiguerra (Welcoat)
Al Magpayo (Montaña)
Ariel Capus (Montaña)
2005 Unity Cup
In a double-playoff game on May 24, Magnolia beat Toyota, 81–76, to clinch 4th-seed. Welcoat beat Harbour, 92–87, for 2nd-seed.
In the twice-to-beat advantage in the quarterfinal round on May 26, sixth-seeded Granny Goose forces a knockout game against third-seeded Harbour, 78–76. Magnolia advances in the final four, repeating over fifth-seeded Toyota-Otis, 66–53.
On May 28, Granny Goose eliminates Harbour with a 75–60 win.
Semifinal series
Top-seeded teams' Montaña and Welcoat needed just two wins in the series to enter the finals while Magnolia and Granny Goose must win three games.
Unity Cup finals
After a string of runner-up finishes, Welcoat Paints collected the PBL Unity Cup championship with a 98-80 victory over Montaña in Game 4 for a 3-1 series victory. Finals MVP Jay Washington pumped in 25 points and grabbed 12 rebounds to lead the Paintmasters to their first title since 2002.
Unity Cup awards
Most Valuable Player: Mark Cardona (Harbour)
Fantastic Freshman Award: Paolo Orbeta (Welcoat)
Finals MVP: Jay Washington (Welcoat)
Mythical Five
Mark Cardona (Harbour)
Jay Washington (Welcoat)
Arwind Santos (Magnolia)
JR Quiñahan (Granny Goose)
Jondan Salvador (Montaña)
Mythical Second Team
LA Tenorio (Harbour)
Denok Miranda (Magnolia)
Leo Najorda (Welcoat)
Yousif Aljamal (Nenaco)
Froilan Baguion (Montaña)
References
External links
www.philippinebasketball.ph
Philippine Basketball League seasons
2004–05 in Philippine basketball
PBL
Méntrida is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) for wines covering many municipalities in the northeast corner of the province of Toledo (Castile-La Mancha, Spain) and which is divided into three distinct areas: Talavera, Torrijos and Sagra-Toledo, with over under vines, the majority (71%) being in Torrijos.
History
Wine has been produced in this region since at least the 16th century. For many centuries its main market was the city of Madrid though at the end of the 19th century wines were exported abroad and participated in international trade fairs.
Climate
The climate is continental (long hot summers and cold winters) with extreme temperature variations over the course of the year: around in summer and below zero in winter, with many days of frost. The average annual rainfall is between , falling mainly between March and May and between September and November.
Soils
The soils are sandy-clay with an average loose consistency. They are poor in nutrients and retain the available moisture well. The vineyards are mainly at a height of between above sea level, though some municipalities in the northeast reach a height of 800 m.
Grapes
Méntrida produces mainly red wines as the red grape variety Garnacha represents over 80% of the grapes planted.
The authorised varieties are:
Red: Cabernet Franc, Cencibel, Cabernet Sauvignon, Garnacha, Graciano, Merlot, Petit Verdot, and Syrah
White: Albillo, Moscatel de Grano Menudo, Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Verdejo, and Viura / Macabeo
The vines are planted mainly as low bushes (en vaso) although new vineyards with irrigation tend to be planted on trellises. The planting density varies between 1,100 and 2,500 vines/ha.
References
External links
D.O.P. Méntrida official website
Wine regions of Spain
James Gerard Spanarkel (born June 28, 1957) is an American television analyst for College Basketball on CBS and a former professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers and the Dallas Mavericks. He played college basketball for Duke University, where he was an All-American.
Career
High school
Born and raised in Jersey City, New Jersey, Spanarkel played at Hudson Catholic Regional High School, where he was a teammate of future NBA player Mike O'Koren.
College and professional basketball
Spanarkel was a First Team Acclaim All American, in addition the First Team All-ACC and the first 2000-point scorer in Duke Blue Devils history. He was named Duke's team MVP for his final three seasons, 1977, 1978, and 1979. Spanarkel was also team captain in his junior and senior years, and was announced NCAA's East Regional Most Outstanding Player in 1978. Duke finished as the national runner-up that year to Kentucky. At Duke, Spanarkel was also a pitcher on the baseball team for two years. He graduated from university in 1979, and during the summer of 1980, he studied for and obtained a real estate broker's license.
The Philadelphia 76ers drafted Spanarkel with the 16th overall pick in the 1979 NBA Draft on October 17, and he spent his first season as a rookie, the 1979–80 campaign, with the Sixers. He was then drafted by the Dallas Mavericks and played the following four seasons with them, leading the club in scoring for the 1980–81 season with a 14.4 ppg average. His NBA career ended in 1984, after a season during which a broken right wrist cost him three months on the bench.
American broadcaster
Spanarkel worked 30 years as Nets television analyst (currently on the YES Network), both with Ian Eagle courtside as a color commentator and more recently as a studio host during pre- and post-game. Spanarkel was terminated by YES prior to the 2020-21 season. Currently, he works CBS Sports' regular season and postseason coverage with Eagle. He previously was as a studio analyst for NBA TV. During his entire broadcasting career, he has provided basketball coverage on CBS Sports, ESPN, Fox Sports, and YES. In 2013, Spanarkel called the international telecasts of the 2013 NBA Finals alongside Eagle. He has also been chief commentator for the Travers Cups and various member guest tournaments at Upper Montclair.
Personal life
Spanarkel is married to Janet, and the couple has four children, James, Bridget, Stephanie, and Andrew. He is currently a First Vice President and a certified financial planner at Merrill Lynch in New Jersey.
Spanarkel has been a resident of Rutherford, New Jersey.
Statistics
Duke record book
Honors
In 1990, Jim Spanarkel was inducted into the Duke Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2001, Spanarkel was inducted into the Duke Circle of Honor.
Jim Spanarkel was inducted into the UPI First Team All-America: 1979.
He was inducted second into the All-ACC Team.
MVP of All-ACC Tournament teams in 1978; 1979.
He was the ACC Freshman of the year in 1976 for Duke.
He has the NCAA East Regional MOP: 1978.
He was the All-NCAA Tournament's Most Outstanding Player.
Sparnakel was GTE Academic All-Americans consecutively in 1978 and 1979.
James was Team Captain in 1978–1979.
Won the Swett Memorial Trophy (Duke MVP) three years in a row: 1977, 1978, and 1979.
In 2014, won the New York Emmy Award for Best Sports Analyst for the YES Network broadcasts of Brooklyn Nets games.
References
External links
Jim Spanarkel NBA statistics
1957 births
Living people
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Jersey City, New Jersey
Brooklyn Nets announcers
College basketball announcers in the United States
Dallas Mavericks expansion draft picks
Dallas Mavericks players
Duke Blue Devils men's basketball players
Merrill (company) people
New Jersey Nets announcers
People from Rutherford, New Jersey
Philadelphia 76ers draft picks
Philadelphia 76ers players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Vin de France is a designation for table wine from France that has been in use since 2010, when it started to replace the former vin de table category. Vin de France wines may indicate grape variety (for example Chardonnay or Merlot) and vintage on the label, but are not labelled by region or appellation; they are labelled only as coming from France. This means that the wines are typically sold under brand names or as branded varietal wines.
Position in the wine classification of France
Vin de France is the lowest level of three in the overhauled wine classification system of France, ranked below the intermediate category indication géographique protégée (IGP) and the highest category Appellation d'origine protégée (AOP). Unlike Vin de France, IGP and AOP wines indicate the wine's geographical origin within France. This system of three levels replaces the former system of four levels - vin de table, vin de pays, vin délimité de qualité supérieure (VDQS), and appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) - and was fully introduced by 2012.
Background
The former vin de table category, which represented the simplest wines produced in France, had suffered from decreasing sales for several decades. These were simple everyday wines that were mainly produced in the south of France. This category had been very difficult to export in an increasingly competitive global wine market, especially since the wines were not allowed to carry a varietal designation or indicate vintage. This meant a distinct competitive disadvantage to New World wines and many other European wines in a similar price range. Simple varietal French wines instead had to use the vin de pays ("country wine") designation, which restricted the sourcing of grapes to the defined vin de pays regions, such as vin de Pays d'Oc from Languedoc-Roussillon. No French wine category existed that allowed a producer to source grapes from Languedoc-Roussillon, Rhône and Provence, but still sell the wine under a varietal designation.
As a result of the ongoing crisis in the French wine industry, Bernard Pomel was tasked with making proposals on how to remedy the situation. The Pomel report was presented to the French minister of agriculture on March 23, 2006, and proposed among other things a simplification of French wine classification, including the elimination the VDQS category, which was done in December 2007. At the same time, the European Union was considering reforms to the wine sector, aiming at reducing the need for subsidies. This also implied reforms of the European Union wine regulations, which went into effect on August 1, 2009. The reform included some liberalisation of the regulations surrounding the EU table wine category. Following that reform, France in 2009 decided to introduce the vin de France category as a replacement for vin de table. The introduction of the category took place in 2010.
Reception
When the category was introduced, some commentators expected many French producers to start using the vin de France category instead of categories with geographical indications, in particular the IGP (formerly vin de pays) category. Some saw the vin de France category as more adapted to the needs of large wine companies rather than small producers.
Notes and references
External links
ANIVIN de France, the trade organisation for Vin de France
French wine
Wine classification
The Sarcoman is an entertainment robot remotely controlled by a human operator (For example, an appropriately trained comedian). The System was used by Ford for all exhibitions and auto shows during the 1995 Season. It can also be computer-controlled for automated shows. It is made by Sarcos.
External links
Sarcoman's Webpage
Sarcos
Sarcoman Videos
Entertainment robots
Robots of the United States
1995 robots
Bipedal humanoid robots
Monte Figogna is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the Municipality of Ceranesi, about 20 km from the city of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 804 metres. In Ligurian, the mountain is called Monte Fighêugna.
On its top is located the shrine of Nostra Signora della Guardia, one of the most important Catholic place of pilgrimage in Liguria.
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains under 1000 metres
Mountains of the Apennines
Robert R. Wagner (1923–2001) was an American virologist who spent time on the faculty at Yale University, Johns Hopkins University, and finally the University of Virginia School of Medicine, from which he retired as professor emeritus in 1994. His research focused on the vesicular stomatitis virus. Wagner died of cancer in 2001.
Education
Wagner attended Columbia College as an undergraduate and received his bachelor's degree in 1943, after which he began medical school at Yale Medical School and received his M.D. in 1946. Following his internship, he joined the U.S. Navy Medical Corps, where he was first exposed to virology research while assigned to the U.S. Navy Medical Research Institute in Bethesda, Maryland. He served from 1947 to 1949, and became a lieutenant in the navy reserves. After his time in the Navy, Wagner moved to England to work as a postdoctoral fellow with Christopher Andrewes.
Academic career
Wagner joined the faculty at Yale University in 1951 and then moved to Johns Hopkins in 1957, where he became the director of the Infectious Disease Division and later the head of the Division of Virology. In 1967 Wagner moved to the University of Virginia School of Medicine to serve as the chair of the Department of Microbiology. Under his leadership the department expanded dramatically, both in number of faculty and in breadth of research. Wagner also became the director of the newly created University of Virginia Cancer Center and was appointed the Marion McNulty and Marvin C. Weaver Professor of Oncology in 1984.
Following a brief stint as the virology section editor for the Journal of Bacteriology, run by the American Society for Microbiology, Wagner served as the founding editor-in-chief of the Journal of Virology, working with fellow editors Lloyd Kozloff and Norman Salzman. The journal launched in 1966, and Wagner continued in his role for 15 years, overseeing a large expansion in the size of the journal before stepping down in 1982 and being succeeded by Edward M. Scolnick. With Heinz Fraenkel-Conrat, Wagner collaborated in editing a vast 19-volume treatise called Comprehensive Virology. The first volume was reviewed in 1975 as somewhat difficult to understand for those unfamiliar to the field, but likely valuable as a reference work. In the early 1980s, Wagner was among the group of American virologists who helped organize and became the founding members of the American Society for Virology.
Wagner retired and assumed professor emeritus status at the University of Virginia in 1994, though he continued to be an active member of the community. His department - now the Department of Microbiology, Immunology, and Cancer Biology - awards the Robert R. Wagner Prize to excellent graduate students.
Research
Wagner has been recognized as a major contributor to the development of molecular virology. During the early 1960s, while at Johns Hopkins, he became involved in research on interferons, which eventually entered clinical use. Much of his research focused on the molecular biology of the vesicular stomatitis virus. With student Alice S. Huang, Wagner characterized what are now known as defective interfering particles.
References
1923 births
2001 deaths
American virologists
Columbia College (New York) alumni
University of Virginia School of Medicine faculty
Yale School of Medicine alumni
United States Navy Medical Corps officers
United States Navy reservists
Ivanhoe is a city in Tyler County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,327 at the 2020 census.
In an election held on November 3, 2009, residents voted to incorporate the community as a "Class C" municipality by a vote of 160 to 53. In a concurrent election, Bill Preston was elected unopposed as mayor. A total of eight candidates ran for the two city commissioner positions. Those seats were won by Cathy Bennett and Will Warren.
The incorporation of Ivanhoe coincided with the incorporation of a neighboring community, Ivanhoe North. The creation of both cities was seen as the first step in a process to merge both communities into a single entity, making it the second-largest city in Tyler County.
The merger of both cities to one City of Ivanhoe was approved by a vote of 194 to 60 on November 2, 2010.
Geography
Ivanhoe had a total area of , of which, of it were land and was covered by water. These are 2010 numbers, prior to the merger with Ivanhoe North.
Demographics
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 1,327 people, 706 households, and 391 families residing in the city.
References
External links
Ivanhoe Land of Lakes IPOIA – Ivanhoe Property Owners Improvement Association.
City of Ivanhoe – Official site.
Cities in Tyler County, Texas
Cities in Texas
Siwan Sub-division is a subdivision out of two subdivisions of Siwan district (One out of 101 Subdivisions of Bihar). It comprises 13 Blocks of Siwan. The total area of the subdivision is and total population is 2,288,559.
Blocks of Siwan Subdivision
References
Subdivisions of Bihar
Ward No. 8, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 1, covering parts of Bagbazar and Shobhabazar neighbourhoods in North Kolkata, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Attempts were made to establish a municipal corporation at Kolkata from the middle of the 19th century. The electoral system was introduced for the first time in 1847, and 4 of the 7 board members were elected by the rate payers. In 1852 the board was replaced by a new one and in 1863 a new body was formed. As per old records, in 1872 there were 25 wards in Kolkata (spellings as in use at that time) – 1. Shyampukur, 2. Kumartuli, 3. Bartala, 4. Sukea Street, 5. Jorabagan, 6. Jorasanko, 7. Barabazar, 8. Kolutola, 9. Muchipara, 10. Boubazar, 11. Padmapukur, 12. Waterloo Street, 13. Fenwick Bazar, 14. Taltala, 15. Kalinga, 16. Park Street, 17. Victoria Terrace, 18. Hastings, 19. Entali, 20. Beniapukur, 21. Baliganj-Tollyganj, 22. Bhabanipur, 23. Alipur, 24.Ekbalpur and 25. Watganj. A new municipal corporation was created in 1876, wherein 48 commissioners were elected and 24 were appointed by the government. With the implementation of the Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 the area under the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation was enlarged. Certain areas were already there but more parts of them were added (current spellings) - Entally, Manicktala, Beliaghata, Ultadanga, Chitpur, Cossipore, Beniapukur, Ballygunge, Watganj and Ekbalpur, and Garden Reach and Tollygunj. The Act of 1923 brought about important changes. It liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
The state government superseded the Corporation in 1948 and the Calcutta Municipal Act of 1951 came into force. Adult franchise was introduced in municipal elections in 1962. With the addition of certain areas in the southern parts of the city, the number of wards increased from 75 to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 8 is bordered on the north by Sarkarbari Lane, Bosepara Lane, Nivedita Lane, Ramkanta Bose Street, Girish Avenue, Rabindra Sarani and the Hooghly River; on the east by Sachin Mitra Lane, Rabindra Sarani and Gopeswar Pal Street; on the south by Bhupendra Bose Avenue, Shyambazar Street, Raja Naba Krishna Street, Kumurtuli Street and Durga Charan Banerjee Street; and on the east by the Hooghly River, Girish Avenue and Rabindra Sarani.
The ward is served by Shaympukur police station of Kolkata Police.
Amherst Street Women police station covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the North and North Suburban division of Kolkata Police, i.e. Amherst Street, Jorabagan, Shyampukur, Cossipore, Chitpur, Sinthi, Burtolla and Tala.
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Ward No. 8, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had a total population of 18,760, of which 9,498 (51%) were males and 9,262 (49%) were females. Population below 6 years was 1,009. The total number of literates in Ward No. 8 was 16,609 (93.57% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Shyampukur (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Perception is an American crime drama created by Kenneth Biller & Mike Sussman, which aired on TNT from July 9, 2012, through March 17, 2015. The series stars Eric McCormack as Dr. Daniel J. Pierce, a schizophrenic neuropsychiatrist and college professor, who is enlisted by the FBI to assist on some of their most complex cases.
Series overview
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|-
! style="padding: 0px 8px" colspan="2" rowspan="2" |Season
! style="padding: 0px 8px" rowspan="2" |Episodes
! style="padding: 0px 8px" colspan="2" |Originally aired
|-
! First aired
! Last aired
|-
| style="background:#CCCCCC; color:#100; text-align:center;"|
| [[List of Perception episodes#Season 1 (2012)|1]]
| 10
|
|
|-
| style="background:#9999CC; color:#100; text-align:center;"|
| [[List of Perception episodes#Season 2 (2013–14)|2]]
| 14
|
|
|-
| style="background:#E9D241; color:#100; text-align:center;"|
| [[List of Perception episodes#Season 3 (2014–15)|3]]
| 15
|
|
|}
Episodes
Season 1 (2012)
Season 2 (2013–14)
Season 3 (2014–15)
References
External links
Lists of American crime drama television series episodes
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C3H7N3O2}}
The molecular formula C3H7N3O2 (molar mass: 117.107 g/mol) may refer to:
ENU (N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea), a potent mutagen
Glycocyamine, a metabolite of glycine
Manouchehr Parchami-Araghi (born 12 October 1952) is an Iranian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1952 births
Living people
Iranian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Iran
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bangladesh Submarine Cable Company Limited (BSCCL) is a fiber optic submarine cable telecommunications company and telecommunications service provider (IIG and ISP) based in Bangladesh. Emerging in July 2008 BSCCL presently handles Bangladesh's two submarine cables as a member of the SEA-ME-WE 4 and SEA-ME-WE 5 international submarine cable consortiums. SEA-ME-WE4 cable runs a total length of 18,800 km through 17 landing points in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Bangladesh, India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Tunisia, Italy, Algeria and France.
It is also a party of the new submarine cable under the SEA-ME-WE-5 consortium and the company's new station has been built in Kuakata, Patuakhali. Its main office is located at Dhaka.
Presently, BSCCL is providing submarine cable bandwidth for different routes and different capacities to the International Internet Gateway (IIG) and large corporate clients in Bangladesh. It has also got the license for IIG and ISP operations in Bangladesh.
References
External links
BSCCL website
Telecommunication companies of Bangladesh
2008 establishments in Bangladesh
Government-owned companies of Bangladesh
Jim Carlson is an American businessman and the Grassroots Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election.
Carlson was the owner of Last Place on Earth, a head shop located in Duluth, Minnesota. In September 2011, the shop was raided by police for selling bath salts and synthetic marijuana. After the raid, Carlson filed a lawsuit to strike down Minnesota's ban on the substances. His suit was dismissed by the court in November 2011.
In June 2012, Carlson began a bid for U.S. presidency and received the presidential nomination of the Grassroots Party.
Trial and Conviction in Federal Court
On September 16, 2012, in U.S. District Court in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Jim Carlson went to trial, facing 55 federal charges, including selling misbranded drugs and controlled substance analogues.
On October 7, 2013, he was found guilty of 51 of the 55 counts, and in 2014, he was sentenced to 17½ years.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American businesspeople
American cannabis activists
Minnesota politicians convicted of crimes
Candidates in the 2012 United States presidential election
21st-century American politicians
Grassroots Party politicians
American drug traffickers
Pandemis stipulaceana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
Subspecies
Pandemis stipulaceana stipulaceana
Pandemis stipulaceana hoplophora (Diakonoff, 1960)
References
Moths described in 1900
Pandemis
Bromo-Seltzer was a brand of antacid formulated to relieve pain occurring together with heartburn, upset stomach, or acid indigestion. It originally contained sodium bromide and acetanilide, both toxic substances which were eventually removed. Its final formulation contained the pain reliever acetaminophen and two reactive chemicals—sodium bicarbonate and citric acid—which created effervescence when mixed with water. Sodium bicarbonate is an antacid.
History
Bromo-Seltzer was invented in 1888 by Isaac E. Emerson and produced by the Emerson Drug Company of Baltimore, Maryland. It was sold in the United States in the form of effervescent granules that were mixed with water before ingestion. The product took its name from a component of the original formula, sodium bromide; each dose contained 3.2 mEq/teaspoon of it. Bromides are a class of tranquilizers that were withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1975 due to their toxicity. Their sedative effect probably accounted for Bromo-Seltzer's popularity as a hangover remedy. Early formulas also used acetanilide as the analgesic ingredient; it is now known to be poisonous. Acetanilide was replaced with its metabolite acetaminophen. Its final formulation used acetaminophen, sodium bicarbonate, and citric acid, the latter two of which provided the carbonation.
Bromo-Seltzer's main offices and main factory were located in downtown Baltimore, Maryland, at the corner of West Lombard and South Eutaw Streets. The factory's most notable feature was the Emerson Bromo-Seltzer Tower, built in 1911, whose four clock faces are ringed by letters spelling out the product name. The tower was patterned on the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence, Italy, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The tower originally held a 51-foot (16m) representation of a Bromo-Seltzer bottle at its top, glowing blue and rotating on a vertical axis. The sign weighed 20 tons (18.1 tonnes), included 314 incandescent light bulbs, and was topped with a crown. The sign was removed in 1936 because of structural concerns.
In popular culture
Bromo-Seltzer was mentioned in the 1940 song "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" by Rodgers and Hart.
References
External links
Bromo-Seltzer at drugs.com
Emerson Bromo-Seltzer Tower website
Products introduced in 1888
Bromides
Drugs acting on the gastrointestinal system and metabolism
The men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 21 and 22 July. 106.7 cm (3'6) (senior implement) hurdles were used.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Wind: +2.1 m/s
Semifinals
21 July
Semifinal 1
Wind: +1.9 m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind: +2.1 m/s
Heats
21 July
Heat 1
Wind: +1.6 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: +1.4 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: +1.6 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: +1.7 m/s
Heat 5
Wind: +1.4 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 34 athletes from 25 countries participated in the event.
References
110 metres hurdles
Sprint hurdles at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Qezel Qaleh (, also Romanized as Qezel Qal‘eh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 361, in 103 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Sadabad (, also Romanized as Sa‘dābād; also known as Sa‘adābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 404, in 124 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
HMBS Leonard C Banfield (P 02) is patrol vessel of the Barbados Coast Guard.
She was commissioned on 14 September 2007. She is built to the design of the Damen Group's Stan 4207 patrol vessel, a class of 240 ton vessels.
According to Aviation Week the vessel and her sister ships primary armament was a non-lethal water cannon, but she was also armed with machine guns. They reported she was capable of and had an at sea endurance of 4 days. She is built to withstand sea state 8 conditions. She was built in the Netherlands at Damen′s Gorinchem Shipyards.
She and her sister ships are equipped with a stern launching ramp, like some other cutters built to Damen designs. The stern launching ramp allows a water-jet–powered pursuit boat to be launched and retrieved without bringing the cutter to a halt.
Aviation Week reports that the local Barbadian Press reported the vessels cost $6 million each.
The HMBS Leonard C. Banfield is the first in a class that also includes the HMBS Rudyard Lewis, commissioned on the 13 of September 2008, and the HMBS Trident, commissioned on the 25 of April 2009.
References
Government of Barbados
Ships of the Barbados Coast Guard
2007 ships
Syed Ali Musa Gillani is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from February 2012 to 2013. He contested the general election of 2013 and 2018 from PPP ticket. He is an active political worker, Writer and a polo player.
He is son of former prime minister of Pakistan Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-148 (Multan-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in by-polls held in February 2012. He received 93,106 votes and defeated Malik Abdul Gafar Dogar.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-148 (Multan-I) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. He received 49,918 votes and lost the seat to Malik Abdul Gafar Dogar.
He ran for the election on NA 157 in 2018 general elections and secured 72,000 votes.
He was arrested on 25 November 2020 in Multan.Police arrested him over organising a rally without seek permission from the government. but later released on bail.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Darb-e Hamzeh (, also Romanized as Darb-e Ḩamzeh) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
In physical oceanography, undertow is the undercurrent that is moving offshore when waves are approaching the shore. Undertow is a natural and universal feature for almost any large body of water: it is a return flow compensating for the onshore-directed average transport of water by the waves in the zone above the wave troughs. The undertow's flow velocities are generally strongest in the surf zone, where the water is shallow and the waves are high due to shoaling.
In popular usage, the word "undertow" is often misapplied to rip currents. An undertow occurs everywhere underneath shore-approaching waves, whereas rip currents are localized narrow offshore currents occurring at certain locations along the coast.
Oceanography
An "undertow" is a steady, offshore-directed compensation flow, which occurs below waves near the shore. Physically, nearshore, the wave-induced mass flux between wave crest and trough is onshore directed. This mass transport is localized in the upper part of the water column, i.e. above the wave troughs. To compensate for the amount of water being transported towards the shore, a second-order (i.e. proportional to the wave height squared), offshore-directed mean current takes place in the lower section of the water column. This flow – the undertow – affects the nearshore waves everywhere, unlike rip currents localized at certain positions along the shore.
The term undertow is used in scientific coastal oceanography papers. The distribution of flow velocities in the undertow over the water column is important as it strongly influences the on- or offshore transport of sediment. Outside the surf zone there is a near-bed onshore-directed sediment transport induced by Stokes drift and skewed-asymmetric wave transport. In the surf zone, strong undertow generates a near-bed offshore sediment transport. These antagonistic flows may lead to sand bar formation where the flows converge near the wave breaking point, or in the wave breaking zone.
Seaward mass flux
An exact relation for the mass flux of a nonlinear periodic wave on an inviscid fluid layer was established by Levi-Civita in 1924. In a frame of reference according to Stokes' first definition of wave celerity, the mass flux of the wave is related to the wave's kinetic energy density (integrated over depth and thereafter averaged over wavelength) and phase speed through:
Similarly, Longuet Higgins showed in 1975 that – for the common situation of zero mass flux towards the shore (i.e. Stokes' second definition of wave celerity) – normal-incident periodic waves produce a depth- and time-averaged undertow velocity:
with the mean water depth and the fluid density. The positive flow direction of is in the wave propagation direction.
For small-amplitude waves, there is equipartition of kinetic () and potential energy ():
with the total energy density of the wave, integrated over depth and averaged over horizontal space. Since in general the potential energy is much easier to measure than the kinetic energy, the wave energy is approximately (with the wave height). So
For irregular waves the required wave height is the root-mean-square wave height with the standard deviation of the free-surface elevation.
The potential energy is and
The distribution of the undertow velocity over the water depth is a topic of ongoing research.
Confusion with rip currents
In contrast to undertow, rip currents are responsible for the great majority of drownings close to beaches. When a swimmer enters a rip current, it starts to carry them offshore. The swimmer can exit the rip current by swimming at right angles to the flow, parallel to the shore, or by simply treading water or floating until the rip releases them. However, drowning can occur when swimmers exhaust themselves by trying unsuccessfully to swim directly against the flow of a rip.
On the United States Lifesaving Association website, it is noted that some uses of the word "undertow" are incorrect:
See also
References
Notes
Other
External links
Water waves
Physical oceanography
The River Onny is a river in Shropshire, England. It is a major tributary of the River Teme.
Etymology
The river's name derives from Welsh and means the river on which ash trees (Welsh: onnau) grew.
Course
The river has its sources in the Shropshire Hills at White Grit, located in Mid and South-west Shropshire. It has two branches, the East Onny and West Onny, which converge at Eaton, to the east of Lydham. The River Onny then flows in a south-easterly direction, through Craven Arms and Onibury (a village it gives its name to), before it finally has its confluence with the River Teme just upstream of Ludlow at Bromfield. From White Grit to Bromfield, the river flows over a distance of .
The River Teme is itself a tributary of the River Severn, confluencing just south of Worcester city centre. The River Severn then flows south-west meeting the sea at Bristol Channel.
Geology
Geologically, the Onny has the type section just west of Craven Arms of the Caradoc series of the Ordovician system and there is a trilobite genus Onnia which was first defined here.
References
Bibliography
Rivers of Shropshire
1Onny
La fuga (The Escape) is a 2001 Argentine film directed by Eduardo Mignogna.
The picture stars Mignogna's friend and frequent collaborator, Ricardo Darin, as well as Miguel Angel Sola, Gerardo Romano, Patricio Contreras, Ines Estevez, Alejandro Awada and Norma Aleandro.
Plot
On 17 April 1928, seven inmates from the National Penitentiary in Buenos Aires manage to escape by tunneling their way out of prison: Laureano Irala, an ex-con, Domingo 'El Pibe' Santalón, an expert poker player and forger, Julio 'El Profesor' Bordiola, a bookmaker, Tomás Opitti, an airplane pilot, Belisário 'El Pampa' Zacarías and Omar 'El Turco' Zajur, both kidnappers and murderers, and Camillo Vallejo, an anarchist. They accidentally reach a coal store run by an old couple and succeed in leaving the place: however, El Pampa dies after being crushed by the falling tunnel and the old lady dies of a heart attack soon after the inmates flee.
Soon after the event, Police commissioner Duval begins investigating the case as the men part ways: Vallejo attempts to bomb a government coach, but is killed when the explosive fails to detonate at the right time; Zajur reunites with El Pampa's widow, La Varela, and it is revealed they were on a relationship; Santaló seeks his former boss, gambler Pedro Escofet, in order to resume his gambling ways and to reunite with Escofet's wife Tabita, with whom he has an affair; Irala returns to the coal store out of guilt for the old lady's death, but the old man mistakes him for his nephew who lives in Mendoza and asks him to move in; and Tomás escapes in a byplane to an aero club in Entre Rios.
In a series of flashbacks, it is revealed that Tomás flew a terrorist and was mistaken as his accomplice, which prompted Duval and his men to shoot and kill his wife and son and arrest him, even though acknowledging his innocence. Bordiola shot a debtor in front of his 10-year-old daughter when he wrongfully assumed the man was about to kill him and later married piano student Rita Baldini, an underage girl who eventually cheated on him with a horse dealer named Ricardo Cedeyra; enraged by her confession, he shot Cedeyra dead and was sent to prison. While devising the escape plan, El Pampa tells Zajur he wishes to build a monument to honour them in case they succeed.
In the present time, upon landing in Entre Ríos, Tomás witness his fellow co-pilot being gunned down by Duval and his men in an ambush set to kill him. Meanwhile, Santaló gambles against Víctor Ganz, a ruthless card player, in a no-limit game; the match goes into the night and after dawn, but Ganz does not seem to get tired at all. Santaló eventually collapses of exhaustion and Ganz is declared the winner; believing they have made an agreement to rip him off, Escofet shoots Santaló in the stomach only to be subsequently shot dead by Tabita: it is revealed she is the one who made an arrangement with Ganz, who are actually identical twin brothers who switched places with each other between breaks. She flees with the brothers and the money, leaving Santaló to die.
Meanwhile, Bordiola goes to see Rita - who has been visiting him for two years in prison despite his coldness towards her - but learns she has committed suicide: in a letter, she reveals to be the 10-year old girl whose father Bordiola shot and how she planned to avenge her father's death by marrying his killer, but could not carry on as she fell in love with him. Tomás ambushes Duval in a brothel, kidnaps and drags him to an abandoned air-field and ties him to the plane's engine, whereupon he starts it and stands aside as Duval is spun to death, finally avenging his family's murder. Soon after the old man's death, Irala inherits and sells the coal store, walking away with the money.
Eight years later, during the inauguration of the Obelisco, the monument is vandalized with the graffiti "Monument dedicated to the inmates who escaped the prison, April 17th, 1928". In the crowd, a laughing Zajur pictures his fellow inmates singing together in their prison uniforms; he and Irala, who is also among the crowd, share a quick glance and a smile before Irala walks away.
Cast
Miguel Angel Sola as Laureano Irala, an ex-con and narrator of the story.
Ricardo Darín as Domingo 'El Pibe' Santaló, an expert poker player and forger imprisoned for printing fake money.
Gerardo Romano as Dr. Julio 'El Profesor' Bordiola, a bookie imprisoned for killing his wife's lover.
Alejandro Awada as Tomás Opitti, a byplane pilot mistaken for a terrorist and imprisoned by the city's police commissioner.
Oscar Alegre as Belisario 'El Pampa' Zacarías, a kidnapper and murderer who share a homosexual relationship with Omar.
Vando Villamil as Omar 'El Turco' Zajur, a kidnapper and murderer who share a homosexual relationship with El Pampa.
Alberto Jiménez as Camilo Vallejo, a quiet anarchist imprisoned for acts of terrorism.
Norma Aleandro as La Varela, El Pampa's widow.
Patricio Contreras as Commissioner Duval, the man tasked with capturing the inmates.
Ines Estevez as Tabita, Escofet's wife.
Awards
Wins
Argentinean Film Critics Association Awards: Silver Condor - Best Art Direction - Margarita Jusid; Best Screenplay, Adapted, Graciela Maglie, Jorge Goldenberg and Eduardo Mignogna; 2002.
Goya Awards: Goya - Best Spanish Language Foreign Film - Eduardo Mignogna, Argentina; 2002.
Los Angeles Latino International Film Festival: Jury Award - Best Film, Eduardo Mignogna; 2002.
Sant Jordi Awards: Sant Jordi - Best Foreign Actor, Ricardo Darín; 2002.
References
External links
La Fuga at the cinenacional.com
La Fuga film review by Manuel Ortega at Cinestrenos
La Fuga 2003 film review by Juan Sasiaín at Cineismo
2001 films
2001 drama films
Argentine independent films
2000s Spanish-language films
Films set in Buenos Aires
Films scored by Federico Jusid
Argentine drama films
2001 independent films
2000s Argentine films
The 2021–22 season was the 102nd season in the existence of Valencia CF and its 87th consecutive season in La Liga, the top flight of Spanish football. In addition to the domestic league, Valencia participated in this season's edition of the Copa del Rey.
Players
La Liga Squad information
Reserve Squad information
Transfers
In
Note 1: Javier Jiménez moved back to Albacete after his loan ended on a permanent deal.
Note 2: Adrià Guerrero joins FC Zurich after returning to the club on a permanent deal.
Out
Note 1: Jorget Saenz loan at Portuguese club CS Marítimo was cancelled in mid-season before moving to Mirandés.
Extension
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 30 June 2021.
Copa del Rey
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated 21 May 2022
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players who have made an appearance or had a squad number this season but have been loaned out or transferred
|}
Goalscorers
Notes
References
External links
Valencia CF seasons
Valencia
Ekattor () is a Bengali thriller drama web series directed by Tanim Noor. It was released on OTT platform hoichoi on 26 March 2020, Independence Day of Bangladesh. The series stars Mostofa Monowar, Nusrat Imrose Tisha, Iresh Zaker, Rafiath Rashid Mithila, Mostafizur Noor Imran in the lead roles along with Tariq Anam Khan, Shatabdi Wadud and Deepanwita Martin in significant roles.
Cast
Mostafa Monowar as Selim:
A gang-leader of old Dhaka. He owns a garage & loves Joyita.
Nusrat Imrose Tisha as Joyita:
A university student & activist.
Iresh Zaker as Major Wasim:
A well-known Pakistan Army officer who was in charge of Operation Blitz at Dacca.
Rafiath Rashid Mithila as Ruhi:
A West-pakistani journalist & wife of Major Wasim.
A Bengali Pakistan Army officer who steals a top secret file.
Tariq Anam Khan as Gul Mohammad:
A Pakistan Army officer of Dacca.
Shatabdi Wadud as Prodip:
A top Awami League leader.
Deepanwita Martin
Series Overview
Season 1 (2019)
The story is based on Operation Blitz that occurred in the year 1971 in East Pakistan presently known as Bangladesh. Captain Shiraj who is a Protagonist played by Mostafizur, tries to collect the file of Operation Blitz. He wants to hand over the file to the international mass media before the disaster happens. While being chased by Pakistani Army troop he takes shelter in Salim's garage. He intends to seek help from others to build up a resistance against the Pakistani army. The unexpected attack of Salim leaves the Pakistani army baffled.
References
External links
Indian web series
2017 web series debuts
Bengali-language web series
Hoichoi original programming
Leelavathi murder was a high profile murder on 23 April 1997, involving the murder of Leelavathi, a councilor in Madurai, in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. She was an active member of Communist Party of India (Marxist) and was murdered by the opposing member of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, a leading party which ruled the state for many years. Her murder is also quoted as the first assault on a woman leader after the introduction of 33% reservation of women in local bodies in Tamil Nadu.
As soon as assuming office as Councilor during October 1996, Leelavathi brought piped water to her elected ward, which was a backward community bereft of water supply. The community also suffered as they had to buy water from lorry supplied water sold at a higher price by a water mafia. She was murdered two days before the formal inauguration of water supply.
The murder was prominent as the sentenced were functionaries of the ruling Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party and were close to M K Azhagiri, the son of the then ruling chief minister M. Karunanidhi. The court sentenced six to life sentence including that of Nallamaruthu, the brother of the DMK functionary Essar Gopi. On 8 February 2008, the accused were released during Anna birth century by then Chief minister Karunanidhi in spite of firm resistance from opposition parties. Nallamaruthu was again arrested in 2015 and sent to prison on account of further criminal charges. The murder opened up several debates on the participation of political parties in local body elections.
Background
Leelavathi was from a humble background and was involved in weaving for her living. She was attracted to Marxism by her husband Kuppusamy, who was a functionary of the state unit of Communist Party of India (Marxist). She turned into an activist and social worker in Villapuram area in Madurai. Leelavthi contested successfully to the civic body elections in 1996 in Ward 59 in Villapuram. In the councilor election for the Madurai Corporation during October 1996, she defeated Valli, the wife of DMK party functionary Annadurai, who represented ward 59. The Madurai councilor post was reserved for women based on 33% reservation for women in local bodies. Annadurai fought against the election officer against declaring the result and issuing the winning certificate to Leelavathi quoting the margin of defeat. Leelavathi was successful in getting the certificate from the officer. During the same night, Annadurai came to Leelavathi's house along with his supporter for another fight.
As soon as she assumed office, her single mission was to bring piped water to her elected ward, which was a backward community bereft of water supply. The community also suffered as they had to buy water from lorry supplied water sold at a higher price. She was successful in bringing piped water to her ward six months from the time of her election. She was murdered two days before the formal inauguration of water supply. Her work in bringing water to the community threatened the business of the water mafia of water tank owners who plotted her murder.
Court proceedings
Leelavathi (40) was murdered on daylight in Villapuram area in Madurai during broad daylight by five armed men on 23 April 1997. She was going to a local provision stores at around 8:30 am when the gang of six equipped with sickle (aruval) started attacking her. She died on the spot in a pool of blood. The victim's husband filed a police complaint at around 10 am. Since Leelavathi was popular in her area, there were protests from public to arrest the killers and bring them to justice. The police arrested Muthuramalingam, Karimalayan alias Annadurai, Murugan, Murugan alias Soongu Murugan, Meenakshisundaram and Marudhu alias Nallamarudhu on 24 and 27 April 1997. The police also recovered the weapons from the accused. Nallamarthu (41) was brother of DMK party functionary Essar Gopi who was close to M.K. Azhagiri.
The case was conducted in the Madurai Additional Sessions court. The prosecution accused Muthuramalingam (A-2) armed with aruval cut the victim on the right side of the neck, Karimalayan alias Annadurai (A-1) with aruval cut the deceased on the right side of the neck, Murugan (A-3) with aruval cut the deceased on the cheek, right ear, right shoulder & right hand, Murugan alias Soongu Murugan (A-4) with aruval repeatedly cut the deceased on the right and left hands, Meenakshisundaram (A-5) and Marudhu alias Nallamarudhu (A-6). After multiple hearings, the court sentenced Nallamarudhu, the brother of DMK functionary Essar Gopi, and five others accused in the case during 2000. Their life sentence was confirmed by the Madras High Court in 2003. The court dismissed multiple bail pleas from the accused on the grounds of close political connection with the ruling party.
In popular culture
Academicians are divided on the view of political parties contesting in local body elections. As per Dr. G. Palanithurai, who heads the Pre election Voter Awareness Campaign of Tamil Nadu, involvement of political parties at grassroot levels would avoid the phenomenon of auctioning of the village president posts as done in many village panchayats. He showcased the contrast in Melavalavu incident where six people were killed without much of media notice compared to Leelavathi Murder case, which was taken up at a very high level since she was from a registered party. Other academicians are of the view that the elections would be conducted on time for the local bodies as in the case of general elections, if it is left to the local parties.
Swaraj was an award winning movie which was based on the real-life story of Leelavathi, though under a different context setting outside Madurai. In the movie, the protagonist is portrayed fighting the cause of the backward community to bring piped water to them.
Aftermath
M. Karunanidhi, the ruling Chief minister of Tamil Nadu, released Nallamarudhu and four others who were convicted and ordered life in the case. One of the sentenced died in prison during 2004. The release was ordered during the birth century of Annadurai on the grounds of good conduct from the convicted. As per another guideline, the life sentence should have been 10 years, but the DMK government reduced it to seven years during 2008. The release drew strong opposition from the CPI (M) party and other opposition parties in the state. The CPI (M) state secretary N. Varadarajan wrote to the chief minister opposing the release. As per the guidelines of the government, the people getting prematurely released during special occasions should not have any criminal proceedings for the next three years. Nallamarudu was involved in multiple criminal proceedings after his release in 2009 along with his brother Essar Gopi. As per the police statement, V. Balakrishnan, the Superindent of Police, Madurai, sent a recommendation to the Government of Tamil Nadu to cancel the order of release of Nallamarudu during 2013 quoting continued criminal involvement. But the Madurai District Police received orders to cancel his release only on 20 August 2015. He was arrested on 23 August 2015 from his house in Avaniapuram area and was sent to Madurai jail.
Her murder is also quoted as the first assault on a woman leader after the introduction of 33% reservation of women in local bodies.
It was a case study quoted in other cases where convicts were released prematurely during the life sentence on political grounds.
Timeline
October 1996 - Leelavathi elected Councilor for Ward 59 of Madurai Municipal Corporation.
23 April 1997 - A group of six armed men kill Leelavathi in daylight in Villapuram area of Madurai
24-28 Apri 1997 - Police arrest six men involved in the case, namely Muthuramalingam, Karimalayan alias Annadurai, Murugan, Murugan alias Soongu Murugan, Meenakshisundaram and Marudhu alias Nallamarudhu and recovered their weapons
8 February 2008 - The Additional sessions court of Madurai sentences Nallamaruthu and five others to life sentence.
20 August 2015 - Madurai District Police receives orders to cancel his sentence
23 August 2015 - Madurai Police arrests Nallamaruthu and sends him to Madurai jail
References
Crime in Tamil Nadu
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam
Communist Party of India (Marxist)
Truro Parish was the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Anglican church in colonial Virginia with jurisdiction originally over all of Fairfax County. The parish had its central church at the Truro Church and the parish was named for the parish in Truro in Cornwall. The parish was created on November 1, 1732 from Hamilton Parish. It was divided twice: in 1748, Cameron Parish was formed and in 1764 Fairfax Parish was created. After 1765, Truro Parish covered southern Fairfax County until disestablishment ended the parish system by 1786.
The parish in colonial Virginia
The Anglican church was the established religion of the Colony of Virginia from 1619 - 1776. Each parish in the colony was ministered to by a single minister and governed by a vestry usually composed of 12 local men of wealth and standing in the community. Parishes were created by acts of the House of Burgesses and the upper house of the legislature, the Governor's Council.
Formation of the parish
Truro Parish was created by the General Assembly of Virginia on November 1, 1732 when Hamilton Parish was divided along the Occoquan River and Bull Run. It included what is, at present, Arlington, Fairfax, and Loudoun counties, and the independent cities of Alexandria, Fairfax, and Falls Church. The parish was named after Truro in Cornwall, England.
Truro Parish initially covered all of the land north of those rivers up to the Potomac, and westward all the way to the Blue Ridge Mountains at Ashby's Gap. The parish originally contained three churches: Occoquan (the parish seat), William Gunnell's, and a chapel "above Goose Creek". The exact locations of the second two are unknown, but the Occoquan church was later known as Pohick Church, which still stands. In 1733, work was started on a new church "near Michael Reagan's"; this was at the site of the present-day Falls Church. In 1742, Fairfax County was created out of Prince William and the boundaries of Truro Parish were adjusted to conform to the boundary between the civil counties.
On June 11, 1749, the parish was divided in two, with the newly formed Cameron Parish constituting the portion north and west of Difficult Run and Popes Head Run. George Mason, author of the Virginia Articles that presaged the Bill of Rights, was elected to the vestry that year.
In 1753, the first church service at the new town of Alexandria was recorded. George Washington was appointed to the Truro Parish vestry on October 25, 1762. His father, Augustine Washington, had served on the vestry for a few years, starting in 1735.
Truro Parish was further split on February 1, 1765. The new boundary was just south of Washington's estate, and the northern portion became Fairfax Parish, with The Falls Church as its seat. Parishioners of Truro, however, complained that the division was far more favorable to Fairfax Parish, and succeeded in having a new border drawn through Washington's estate, such that Washington was deemed to reside in Truro and he was elected to that vestry.
Drawn over today's civil boundaries, Truro Parish's final incarnation would include the Southern and Southwestern part of Fairfax County.
Places of worship
Within the parish, at formation, there were three churches: Occoquan (now known as Pohick Church), William Gunnells, and a chapel "above Goose Creek." The Goose Creek chapel would later become part of Cameron Parish. In 1766, a new church was established "on the middle ridge near Ox Road", the present site of Jerusalem Baptist Church off Virginia State Route 123. The Truro Parish vestry contracted Edward Payne to build this new church and it became known as "Payne's Church".
Other church buildings were constructed including replacements for The Falls Church (started in 1763, while it was still part of Truro Parish) and the current Pohick Church in 1767.
See also
Episcopal Diocese of Virginia:History
References
Episcopal Church in Virginia
Colonial United States (British)
Anglicanism
Colony of Virginia
Horatio Stanley Williams DSO (2 November 1886 – 30 April 1936) was a Welsh rugby union fullback who played club rugby for Newport. He won 4 caps for England and was selected for the British Lions 1910 tour of South Africa, in which he played in all three test games.
Rugby career
Williams first played for Newport in 1901 and was part of the team that faced the touring 1908 Australians. Whilst with Newport he had several trials with Wales and was at one stage selected as a reserve for the team, but was never officially selected to represent his birth country. In 1910 Williams was one of five Newport players chosen to represent the British Isles on their tour of South Africa. Williams played in all three test matches.
When the English rugby union invoked Newport's rugby union membership Williams switched his international allegiance to England. Williams was first capped for England on 21 January 1911 when he played against Wales at St Helens. England lost the match 11–15, but in the second game of the Championship Williams finished on the winning side when the English team crushed France 37–0. Williams played in the next two games for England when they lost in tight game to Ireland and beat Scotland to leave them with the Wooden Spoon.
International matches played
England
1911
1911
1911
1911
British Isles
1910, 1910, 1910
Later life
Williams served his country during World War I, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his actions during the conflict.
In 1936, on a return trip from Rio de Janeiro to Southampton on the Royal Mail ship Arlanza, Williams fell overboard and was declared lost.
His daughter, Christine Stanley Williams, who accompanied him on the trip on the Arlanza, married Sir David Peel Yates.
References
1886 births
1936 deaths
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from England
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
British Army personnel of World War I
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Deaths by drowning
England international rugby union players
Newport RFC players
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union players from Newport, Wales
Welsh rugby union players
{| class="sortable wikitable" style="width: 50%; font-size: 0.90em;"
! Rank !! Towns !! Population (2011) !! Area in km2 !! Density in km2
|-
| 1 || Kanhangad || 73,342|| 39.54 || 1854.4
|-
| 2 || Kasaragod || 54,172|| 16.7 || 3243.8
|-
| 3 || Nileshwar ||41,553 || 26.23 || 2100
|-
| 4 || Uppala ||41,212 || 25.04 || 1650
|-
| 5 || Trikaripur ||41,202 || 27.3 || 1509
|-
| 6 || Kumbla ||35,034|| 23.2 || 1510.1
|-
| 7 || Cheruvathur ||27,435 || 18.37 || 1493.5
|-
| 8 || Bekal ||22,449 || 10.934|| 2053.14
|-
Kasaragod
Kerala geography-related lists
Bernardo Elío y Elío, 7th Marquess of Las Hormazas (1867–1937), was a Spanish aristocrat and politician. He supported the Carlist cause. During the late Restoration period he formed part of the regional Aragon party executive, but is known mostly as the local Traditionalist leader in the province of Gipuzkoa, especially during the lifetime of the Second Spanish Republic; he briefly served also in the supreme party executive, but did not play a major role in shaping the nationwide party politics. He was a typical example of an inner-circle aristocrat ruling the local Traditionalist structures.
Family and youth
The Elíos, since the Mid-Ages related to Valle de Echauri, during the Modern Period became owners of many estates, scattered across central and Northern Navarre. Family representatives held various prestigious positions, for centuries served in the Cortes and were briefly care-takers of Virreinato de Navarra. By means of marriages they acquired Marquesado de Vesolla in the early 18th century and Marquesado de las Hormazas in the early 19th century. The holder of both titles and Bernardo's grandfather, Francisco Javier Elío Jiménez-Navarro (1800–1880), passed the Vesolla title to his oldest son, while the Las Hormazas title went to the second son and Bernardo's father, Joaquín Elío Mencos (1832–1876). The family was heavily related to other aristocratic Navarrese families, like Marquéses de Lealtad, Marquéses de Vadillo, Duqués de Bailén, Condes de Guenduláin and other.
Joaquín Elío married his cousin, Petra Celestina Elío Arteta (1836–1909), descendant to another Navarrese landholder family and already a widow. It is not clear whether the couple settled in Pamplona or at one of family estates; they had at least 3 children, Bernardo, Eduardo and Francisca Javiera. Following premature death of Joaquín Elío, result of his engagement in the Third Carlist War, in the late 1870s the widow and children settled in Zaragoza; the family Navarrese property was embargoed and possibly expropriated, while her well-off relatives lived in the Aragón capital. The young Bernardo was growing up in Zaragoza, though he has always cherished his Navarrese heritage. He studied law at the Zaragoza University and graduated probably in the late 1880s, though he has never practiced.
In 1895 Elío married Teresa Zubizarreta Olavarría (1870–1936), descendant to a distinguished Gipuzkoan landowner family from Ataun in the Tolosa county. The couple settled in Zaragoza, though later they moved to Zubizarreta properties in Gipuzkoa; it is not clear how many children they had. The only one known was Bernardo Elío Zubizarreta, the 8. Marqúes de las Hormazas; marginally involved in Carlism in the early Francoist era, he did not become a public figure. Neither did any of the Elío Lopetedi grandchildren; following death of Bernardo Elío Lopetedi the 9. Marqués de las Hormazas in 2016 the title is vacant.
Numerous Elío's more distant relatives grew to prominence. Among his predecessors many from the Elío Ezpeleta, Elío y Elío and Zubizarreta branches distinguished themselves as legitimist military or officials, serving either in the First or/and Third Carlist War. His paternal uncle Alvaro Elío Mencos served as president of the Alava diputación in the late 19th century. Among his paternal cousins, Luis Elío Elío Magallón was a conservative Navarrese senator in 1907–1920; Francisco Javier González de Castejón Elío held various ministerial posts in conservative cabinets of 1900–1914; Miguel González de Castejón Elío was a military and preceptor of the future king Alfonso XIII, later made Conde de Aybar. His brother-in-law, Eusebio Zubizarreta, was a Carlist deputy to the Cortes in 1893–1896. Many other relatives intermarried with aristocratic families, usually related to the Vasco-Navarrese area.
Early public activity
Many members of the Elío family sided with the Carlists since the 1830s, and a few like Joaquín Elío Ezpeleta grew to iconic figures of the movement. Bernardo's father Joaquín Elío Mencos prepared the Pamplona rising in 1869; captured and sentenced to death he was eventually condemned to exile on the Mariana Islands, but escaped in Cádiz and commanded a battalion during the Third Carlist War. Apprehended again few years later, he perished in captivity. Bernardo's father-in-law was the nephew of Tomas Zumalacárregui, a half-mythical Traditionalist hero, and engaged in the legitimist coup of 1860. Bernardo himself started to demonstrate his Carlist zeal already during the academic period in the mid-1880s, first signing letters protesting alleged mistreatment of the Pope and then – as member of Aragonese Carlist youth – manifesting his adherence to the claimant and his son Don Jaime. In 1890 he took part in Catholic Congress in Zaragoza and in 1891 embarked on a journey to Venice to pay his respect to the pretender.
As Elío remained among relatively few high aristocrats loyal to Carlos VII, he usually featured among first signatories of various open letters, circulated by the party activists. Since the early 1890s Elío started to appear along provincial prestigious Carlist personalities, e.g. in 1892 he co-presided a Traditionalist meeting in Zaragoza. During the honeymoon trip of 1895 he and his newly wed wife changed plans and detoured to Switzerland to meet the claimant and receive his best wishes. The same year Las Hormazas for the first time took part in a meeting of the nationwide Carlist executive in Madrid, headed by the party political leader Marqués de Cerralbo. In 1898 he was rumored to run on the Carlist ticket for the Cortes; newspapers speculated he would stand in the Navarrese district of Aoiz, but eventually the news was not confirmed.
In the early 20th century Elío was already a regular prestigious guest at various local Zaragoza and Aragón Carlist rallies. He was opening new círculos, featured prominently during party events like Fiesta de los Mártires de la Tradición, presided over rallies of the party youth, donated money to Traditionalist prints, co-signed various open letters and appeared in first row during related religious services; the claimant honored him with personal letters. In 1907 he became vice-president of Juventud Carlista de Zaragoza; at the same time he was also deputy chairman of Junta Tradicionalista of Zaragoza and probably also member of the Aragonese Junta Regional. Following the 1905 death of the unquestioned Aragón Carlist leader Francisco Cavero the regional party leadership was contested by Duque de Solferino, Manuel Serrano Franquini, Pascual Comín and José María del Campo; Elío and Francisco Cavero Esponera formed the second row of aspiring politicians.
Aragón party executive
In 1909 Elío for the first, and, as it would turn out in the future, also the last time, decided to stand in electoral competition. He represented the Carlists on a broad Right-wing ticket of Asociación Social Católica when running to the town hall from the Pilár district and emerged successful; the victory terminated the string of earlier Carlist electoral defeats. During the next few years he was recorded in local press as the ayuntamiento councilor, usually during charity events and other official ceremonies, e.g. meetings with local hierarchs, like civil governor of the Zaragoza province. His last assignment identified was the 1912 nomination to Junta Provincial de Instrucción Pública; indeed, he demonstrated particular interest in education, animating rallies against secular schools.
At least in 1909 Las Hormazas entered Junta Regional de Aragón; it is not clear whether at the time he was also member of the provincial Zaragoza party executive, though he held vice-presidency of Juventud Tradicionalista in the city. In the early 1910s he went on with usual and rather traditional party ceremonial duties, e.g. speaking at close meetings or taking part in related religious services. In his early 40s, since 1910 he presided over the freshly set up Zaragoza branch of Requeté, at the time the sporting and outdoor organization for the youth. In the regional executive he was also responsible for co-ordination of charity work. Elío is not mentioned as engaged in nationwide Carlist politics; historiographic works on Traditionalism of the early 20th century ignore him and it is not clear what – if any – was his position in numerous conflicts tormenting the party at the time, like mounting conflict between the claimant and the key theorist Vázquez de Mella, position versus growing peripheral nationalisms or the question of a broad conservative alliance.
Though resident in Zaragoza and active in the regional Aragón party structures, Las Hormazas maintained links to his native Vasco-Navarrese area; e.g. in 1909 he was noted in San Sebastián taking part in the funeral mass to the late Carlos VII. In the mid-1910s Elío focused on remnants of his Navarrese estates in Valle de Baztán, as construction of Tren Txikito, the Elizondo-Irún narrow-gauge railway line, affected his property related to the former Señorio de Bertiz. None of the sources consulted confirms when he left Zaragoza and settled in Gipuzkoa, most likely at the Zubizarreta property inherited by his wife in San Sebastián. In 1914 he was for the first time noted as engaged in the provincial Gipuzkoan Carlist structures, at that time led by Marqués de Valde-Espina. Also the last Zaragoza-based information related to the Elío couple comes from early 1914.
Gipuzkoa party executive
During the Mellista crisis of 1919 Las Hormazas sided with the claimant. As representative of Gipuzkoa he was one of 4 aristocrats present during a grand meeting known as Magna Junta de Biarritz, supposed to set the new course of the movement. In the early 1920s he moderately engaged in Jaimista propaganda and purchased shares in Editorial Tradicionalista, a Donostía-based Carlist publishing house. However, the Primo de Rivera coup of 1923 brought political life in the country to the standstill; throughout the rest of the decade Elío was recorded in the press only on the societé columns, as he apparently withdrew into privacy.
Few weeks after the fall of Primo, in early 1930, the Gipuzkoan Jaimistas reconstituted their provincial executive; Las Hormazas was temporarily elected its president, the choice confirmed a few months later during a grand rally in Zumarraga. As provincial jefé in October he issued a manifesto which called to recognize distinct identity of the Vasco-Navarrese provinces, including the Basque language and separate legal establishments, all to be incorporated within “esta hermosa Federación de Naciones”. In 1931 he suggested setup of “Pro Reivindicaciones Vascas”, a junta expected to work for re-constitution of “nuestras libertades”; however, he opted against "organización supraprovincial”.
In 1930-1931 Elío emerged strongly in favor or re-unification of all Traditionalist branches, initially on basis of a Catholic alliance. When in late 1931 the process was completed with emergence of united Comunión Tradicionalista he saw his powers somewhat diminished; though he remained the provincial jefé of CT, in public it seemed that he co-presided with the former Integrist leader, Juan Olazabal, as the two appeared as peers on many assemblies, especially at the 1931 funeral services to the defunct Don Jaime.<ref> 'El Cruzado Español 16.10.31, available here; following death of Don Jaime, Elío concluded his manifesto with "El Rey ha muerto. ¡Viva la Monarquía tradicional!", El Sol 06.10.31, available here</ref> Though he was confirmed as Gipuzkoan jefe in 1932, the double-leadership pattern was maintained as both Elío and Olazabal entered the national party executive.
During early stages of debates on Vasco-Navarrese autonomy Elío remained active and called to abolish the government-imposed comisiones gestoras, but in his 1932 addresses he was more ambiguous; historiographic studies do not list him as involved. Still member of the national executive in the mid-1930s, in 1933 he was first noted as suffering from poor health and got temporarily replaced. In 1934-1935 he was noted on few rallies and entertained the new party leader Manuel Fal in the province, though at key gatherings he seemed in the second row.
It is not known whether Elío was involved in anti-Republican conspiracy of 1936. In Gipuzkoa the coup failed; Las Hormazas was detained and ended up in the Bilbao Angeles Custodios prison. Since the Basque government did not deploy autonomous police to protect the building during the unrest, caused by the nationalist bombing raid over the city, the prison was entrusted to the UGT militia unit. On January 4 socialist militiamen executed around 100 prisoners; some were killed by hand grenades thrown into cells, some were shot and some were reportedly slashed with machetes. It is not clear how exactly Elío died.
Footnotes
Further reading
Lucio R. Perez Calvo, El Marquesado de Las Hormazas, [in:] Hidalguía LXI (2014), pp. 473-497
José María Sesé Alegre, Poder y elites an la Navarra tardomoderna. Las familias Aperregui y Elío, [in:] Príncipe de Viana'' 15 (1993), pp. 265-272
External links
Senorio de Bertiz tourist folder
article on memory of the 4.1.1937 victims by Carmelo Landa
forgotten crypt post on memory of the 4.1.1937 victims
Carlists
Far-right politicians in Spain
Marquesses of Spain
People from Pamplona
People from Zaragoza
Spanish anti-communists
Spanish casualties of the Spanish Civil War
Spanish landowners
Spanish monarchists
Spanish prisoners and detainees
Spanish Roman Catholics
Spanish victims of crime
University of Zaragoza alumni
Puerto Real is a barrio in the island-municipality of Vieques, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,654.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Puerto Real barrio was 1,344.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Puerto Real barrio:
, and .
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Vieques, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vieques, Puerto Rico
Tee-To-Tum was the name of a sports ground in Stamford Hill, London in the 19th century. The Hackney TeeToTum cricket team played there, and it also hosted athletics events such as the professional '25 Mile World Championships'.
'Hackney TeeToTum' were an amateur cricket team that played at Stamford Hill in the late 19th century. Their 'TeeToTum ground' was also used as an amenity for sporting and social events. On 23 September 1901 Len Hurst won the professional '25 Mile World Championships' and two years later, on 27 August 1903 Hurst set the professional world record of 2:32:42, for .
References
Defunct cricket grounds in England
Sakthi Paramesh (sometime known as Parameswar) is a Tamil film director. He made his directorial debut with Suriya Paarvai and went on to make other films like Looty, Three Roses and Thavam.
Career
Sakthi Paramesh made his directorial debut with Arjun starrer Suriya Paarvai under the name Jagan. The film became a failure at box office. He then directed Looty with Sathyaraj under the name Parameswar. The film received average reviews and became an average grosser. He then began work on a comedy film titled Maams featuring Prabhu, Rambha and Radhika Chaudhari, but the film was cancelled after a few schedules.
Parameswaran's next directorial was Three Roses. During the shoot of the film, there was reportedly a clash of opinions between actresses Jyothika and Laila in January 2002, with the pair having to be restrained by the actress-producer of the film, Rambha. Problems continued as the careers of Laila and Rambha began to peter out, prompting distributors to back away from the film, leading to further delays. The film evaded its release date several times and eventually took close to two years to complete, only finally releasing on 10 October 2003. The film gained negative reviews with Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu citing that "a frivolous storyline, a lackadaisical approach to the screenplay and inept direction mar Three Roses", adding that "after all the hype and hoopla, speculation and delay, arrives Three Roses, and ironically it is focus that the film lacks." Another critic claimed that "the disastrous effects all these problems (changes in cast, production delays) have had on the movie is clearly evident from the final product."
Parameswaran's next directorial was Vanakkam Thalaiva with Sathyaraj. His name was credited as Sakthi Paramesh. The film failed at box office. He then directed Thavam with Arun Vijay. The film received negative reviews and eventually became a failure at box office. In 2011, he wrote and produced another movie titled Kaidhi which was made entirely in Malaysia with local technicians. The venture directed by newcomer Seenu released across Malaysia, and Parameshwar felt that the film would increase cross-dialogue about film making between the two countries. In 2013, he directed Karumpuli, a story revolving around terrorism with rookie actors including Rathan Mouli. Though the film eventually had a low key release, it garnered attention prior to release owing to the Censor Board's recommendations for heavy editing.
Filmography
Suriya Paarvai (1999)
Looty (2001)
Three Roses (2003)
Vanakkam Thalaiva (2005)
Thavam (2007)
Karumpuli (2013)
References
Film directors from Tamil Nadu
Tamil film directors
Living people
20th-century Indian film directors
21st-century Indian film directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
SJB Institute of Technology (SJBIT) is a private engineering college in Bangalore which was established in the year 2001. The college is located near Kengeri and 14 km from Majestic. SJBIT is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belagavi and approved by AICTE, New Delhi.
The institution offers 1 year full-time undergraduate degree courses, 2 year full-time PG courses and Research Centre for Doctorate degree courses in CSE, ECE, ISE, Civil, Mechanical, Mathematics & Physics department.
SJB Research Foundation
SJB Research Foundation (SJBRF) is a Section 25 non-profit company has been launched in the campus. It is a sponsored research center to bridge the gap between academic and industrial research.
Center of Excellence for Training and Research in Automation Technologies
SJBIT is recognized by few as "Center of Excellence for Training and Research in Automation Technologies". SJBIT in association with BOSCH REXORTH India Ltd. offers certification courses (Industrial Oriented Training Programs) in PLC, Sensorics, Drives and Controls, Hydraulics and Pneumatics.
Departments and Programmes
UG Courses Offered
Computer Science and Engineering.
Information Science and Engineering.
Electronics and Communication Engineering.
Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
Mechanical Engineering.
Civil Engineering.
Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning
Computer Science & Engineering (Data Science)
PG Courses Offered:
Masters in Business Administration
M.Tech in Computer Aided Design of Structures
M.Tech in Structural Engineering
References
External links
Engineering colleges in Bangalore
Robeson Community College (RCC) is a public community college in Lumberton, North Carolina. As of Fall 2018, 1,671 students are enrolled at RCC.
References
External links
Official website
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Educational institutions established in 1965
North Carolina Community College System colleges
Education in Robeson County, North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
Two-year colleges in the United States
1965 establishments in North Carolina
Osama Maukhlif Tawfiq al-Tikriti is a former leader of the Iraqi Islamic Party, a Sunni Arab religious party which was the largest Sunni Arab led party in the Iraqi legislative election of December 2005. He succeeded Tariq al-Hashimi, Vice President of Iraq, as leader of the IIP when al-Hashimi left the party to form the Renewal List. Tikriti took over as Secretary General of the IIP on 24 May 2009. Ayad al-Samarrai was elected as his Deputy.
He was a member of the Council of Representatives of Iraq from Baghdad Governorate. He is a member of the CoR's Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Tikriti's son, Anas, is the former head of the Muslim Association of Britain.
External links
Iraqi Islamic Party (IIP) (Arabic only)
Iraqi Council of Representatives (CoR) (English page)
References
1939 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of London
Iraqi Islamic Party politicians
Members of the Council of Representatives of Iraq
Iraqi Sunni Muslims
Sunni Islamists
Kimberley is a coastal locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Kimberley had a population of 33 people.
History
The locality takes its name from Cape Kimberley, which in turn was named on 24 October 1873 after John Wodehouse, First Earl of Kimberley (Secretary of State for the Colonies) by explorer George Elphinstone Dalrymple.
References
Shire of Douglas
Coastline of Queensland
Localities in Queensland
Lily is an unincorporated community in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States, located within the town of Langlade. Lily is at the intersection of Wisconsin State Highway 52 and Wisconsin State Highway 55.
The Town of Langlade Town Hall and Fire Department are located in Lily.
The Wisconsin Central Ltd Railroad (Formerly Soo Line) ran a line through Lily up until 2001 when the tracks were ripped up. The railroad grade is now the Wolf River State Trail.
Lily is also a junction for many area snowmobile and ATV trails. The Lily Sno-Birds Clubhouse is located on Turtle Lake Road, and there is also a small racetrack located there where snowmobiles and ATVs have raced in the past. The track is currently dormant.
Images
References
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Langlade County, Wisconsin
Ponnukku Thanga Manasu () is a 1973 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film, produced and directed by P. Madhavan, and written by Bala Murugan. The film stars Sivakumar, Jayachitra, Vijayakumar and Vidhubala, with Manorama, K. A. Thangavelu and M. R. R. Vasu in supporting roles. It was released on 2 June 1973. The film was remade in Malayalam as Bhoomidevi Pushpiniyayi.
Plot
Ramu(Sivakumar) is a poor orphan who dreams of becoming a collector. Shankar(Vijayakumar), his rich best friend, assists him financially and by providing him a place to stay. Geetha(Vidhubala) and Shanthi(Jayachitra) are college students and best friends who often clash due to the differences in their beliefs. Geetha is rich, arrogant and feels entitled to special treatment due to her wealth. Shanthi is poor and believes that all people should be treated with respect regardless of wealth. Both friendships end due to various circumstances. When the four meet years later, Geetha and Shanthi challenge each other over their worldviews – will wealth or hard-work and respect win?
Cast
Sivakumar as Ramu
Jayachitra as Shanthi
Vijayakumar as Shankar
Vidhubala as Geetha
K. A. Thangavelu
M. R. R. Vasu
C. K. Saraswathi
Manorama
S. N. Lakshmi
Sami Kannu
Chandran Babu as Pakkiri
I. S. R
Production
Vijayakumar, who went on to become one of the popular actors in Tamil cinema, made his acting debut in this film as a leading actor.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by G. K. Venkatesh and lyrics were written by Kannadasan, Poovai Senguttuvan and Muthulingam. "Thanjavoor Seemayile" was Muthulingam's debut as lyricist.
References
External links
1970s feminist films
1970s Tamil-language films
1973 films
1973 romantic drama films
Films about women in India
Films directed by Devaraj–Mohan
Films scored by G. K. Venkatesh
Indian black-and-white films
Indian buddy films
Indian female buddy films
Indian feminist films
Indian romantic drama films
Tamil films remade in other languages
Majdabad (, also Romanized as Majdābād) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 129, in 38 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Berres is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christian Joseph Berres (1796–1844), Austrian anatomist
Heinz-Edgar Berres (1920–1943), German World War II flying ace
Luis Batlle Berres (1897–1964), Uruguayan politician
Mathias J. Berres (1863–1954), American politician
Ray Berres (1907–2007), American baseball player and coach
See also
Berre (disambiguation)
Alexander Klitzpera (born 19 October 1977) is a German former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Career
Born in Munich, Klitzpera played four years for FC Bayern Munich II, three years for Arminia Bielefeld and than six years successfully for Alemannia Aachen until 2008. With Aachen he was DFB-Pokal finalist in 2004 and playing in the 2004–05 UEFA Cup and the 2006–07 Bundesliga. In August 2008, he signed with FSV Frankfurt.
In February 2015 Klitzpera was hired by his former club Alemannia Aachen, in the position of sporting director.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
German footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Bayern Munich II players
Arminia Bielefeld players
Alemannia Aachen players
FSV Frankfurt players
VfL Wolfsburg II players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Footballers from Munich
Bijegan (, also Romanized as Bījegān and Bījgān; also known as Bījaīgān, Bījekān, and Bijkan) is a village in Jasb Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 326, in 135 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Big Brother 2002 was the fourth season of the Dutch version of Big Brother. Like the third season, the show was broadcast by Yorin again. It lasted from 28 August to 23 December 2002 for a total of 118 days. The presenter was Martijn Krabbé, the son of Jeroen Krabbé, psychologist Dr. Steven Pont as the commentator.
Development
This season the house was again divided into a rich area (the Bungalow) and a poor area (the Bunker).
Unlike season 3, allotment to either side depended on individual tasks, confrontations and dilemmas. As before, some of the housemates were kept in seclusion for a while, this time around in Portugal. All participants were relatively young, and selected upon their single status.
As planned, this led to several relationships from which the one between Arthur and Ursula endured for the longest time. Stefan, working in the porn business, didn't manage to choose between former Jehovah's witness Daniela, Geesje and Margriet. This wasn't very much appreciated by the girls. Dutch Moroccan Mustapha put his stamp on the program by insisting to uphold the Ramadan. Despite that, 'Mushi' was involved in various rude arguments with the emancipated Margriet and fortuynist Arthur. Meanwhile, Judith, Marc, and Wouter provided an ethereal component with their interest in the paranormal and for neurolinguistic thinking.
In the end, the outsider Jeanette became the unlikely winner.
Ratings for the season were low and while Big Brother was still a hit in many countries around the world. At the end of this season, Big Brother was canceled in the Netherlands for the first time.
Housemates
Nominations Table
Notes
External links
World of Big Brother
2002 Dutch television seasons
04
Xining Metro is a rapid transit system under planning in Xining, Qinghai. The vision for the Xining Metro includes three metro lines totaling , and a four-line, suburban rail network, in the completed regional rapid transit network. A total of seven lines are proposed.
Line 1 and the first stage of Line 3 will cost about 28 billion yuan.
As of , the metro system has not been approved by NDRC, so actual construction have not started (except for a reserved section near Xining railway station).
Line 1
Line 1 is with 23 stations from Xicheng Boulevard to Jinkai Street via Xining railway station.
Line 2
Line 2 is with 16 stations from Huayuantaicun to Bowen Street.
Line 3
Line 3 is with 13 stations from Sanjiaohuayuan to Qingshui Street.
References
Rapid transit in China
Transport in Qinghai
Proposed rapid transit
Paralcaligenes ureilyticus is a Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, strictly aerobic and motile bacterium from the genus Paralcaligenes which has been isolated from soil from a ginseng field in Korea.
References
Burkholderiales
Bacteria described in 2011
Finding Iris Chang: Friendship, Ambition, and the Loss of an Extraordinary Mind is a biography of Iris Chang, author of the best-selling history book, The Rape of Nanking. Written by Chang's friend, journalist Paula Kamen, and published in November 2007, the book's writing and research were motivated by Chang's suicide in 2004. Kamen authored a Salon.com eulogy for Chang that received an "overwhelming" response, and this prompted her to expand upon the subject of Chang's life and death with a full-length biography.
References
External links
Finding Iris Chang at Google Books
2007 non-fiction books
American biographies
Biographies about writers
Chinese-American literature
Ann or Anne Hart may refer to:
Ann Weaver Hart (born 1948), university president of Temple University
Ann Hart Coulter (born 1961), American lawyer, conservative social and political commentator, author, and syndicated columnist
Anne Hart (Canadian author) (born 1935), Canadian author
See also
Annie Hart (disambiguation)
"Go", written and composed by Julie Forsyth (a member of the pop group Guys 'n' Dolls and the daughter of English entertainer Bruce Forsyth), was the 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed by Scott Fitzgerald. Bruce Forsyth and his wife were in the audience at the contest, supporting their daughter.
Fitzgerald won the right to perform at the contest, held in Dublin, by winning the UK national final, A Song for Europe, where he was the eighth singer to perform. Fitzgerald was also the first singer to be chosen to represent the United Kingdom via a national telephone vote. In Dublin, the song was performed fourth on the night, after 's Boulevard with "Nauravat silmät muistetaan", and before 's Mazhar-Fuat-Özkan with "Sufi."
At the end of judging that evening, "Go" took the second-place slot with 136 points. Turkey, Belgium and Italy awarded their 12-point designations to the UK that evening. In one of the closest voting rounds up to that time, the UK lost the competition by one point to 's representative, Canadian singer Céline Dion, with her song "Ne partez pas sans moi". According to author and contest historian John Kennedy O'Connor, this was the closest contest yet, with the winning margin being just 0.73%. The strong showing in the 1988 contest was an indicator of things to come for the United Kingdom, as it would become the first of eleven straight top ten placings in the contest, and the first of four second-place finishes in the next six years.
In a departure from the past two years, an easy listening ballad was on offer this year, telling the story of two former lovers meeting by chance. Fitzgerald, in the role of the lovesick man, relates the sad story; his former lover had left him years before for another man, and now that she has returned, so has all the sorrow he felt.
After Eurovision, the song placed at No. 52 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was later covered by Russian singer Philipp Kirkorov.
Charts
References
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 1988
1988 in British music
1988 singles
Pop ballads
1988 songs
Songs about heartache
Măgirești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Măgirești, Prăjești, Stănești, Șesuri and Valea Arinilor.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Khindakh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,170 as of 2010.
Geography
Khindakh is located 5 km north of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khotoch and Gunib are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Alfred Vogt (31 October 1879 – 10 December 1943) was a Swiss ophthalmologist, known for his development of techniques for retinoscopy and the surgical management of retinal detachment.
Alfred Vogt received his doctorate from the University of Basel in 1904. After training in ophthalmology under professor Karl Mellinger in Basel, Vogt started private practice in 1906. In 1909 he was appointed head physician of the ophthalmological department of the cantonal hospital in the city of Aarau. In 1917 he was appointed professor extraordinarius and director of the University of Basel's eye clinic. In 1923 he was appointed professor ordinarius and director of the University of Zurich's eye clinic.
Vogt was a pioneer of specular microscopy; around 1913 he used a slit lamp together with a corneal microscope to investigate the structures of the anterior areas of the eye, and in 1918 he was the first to perform direct examination of the corneal endothelium. He is also credited with introducing perforating cyclodiathermy for the treatment of glaucoma (in 1936).
Awards and honors
1919 Election to the Leopoldina
1932 Donders Medal of the Dutch Ophthalmological Society
1939 Cothenius Medial of the Leopoldina
1941 Gonin Medal
1942 Gullstrand Medal of the Swedish Medical Society
Selected works
Damage to the Eye caused by Aniline Dye.
Atlas der Spaltlampenmikroskopie des lebenden Auges. Berlin, J. Springer, 1921.
2nd edition in 2 volumes. Springer, 1930–1931
3rd volume. F. Enke, 1942.
English translation Handbook and Atlas of the Slit Lamp Microscopy of the Living Eye in 3 volumes, Zürich, 1947.
New printing of the 2nd edition (in German), Bonn, J. P. Wayenborgh, 1977.
English translation Textbook and Atlas of the Slit Lamp Microscopy of the Living Eye by F. C. Blodi, 3 volumes, Bonn, J. P. Wayenborgh, 1978–1981
French translation, Italian translation.
Eponyms
Anterior crocodile shagreen of Vogt
Palisades of Vogt
Striae of Vogt
Vogt–Koyanagi–Harada disease
Vogt's triad: seen in glaucoma, shouldn't be confused with "Vogt's triad" seen in tuberous sclerosis which is named after the German neurologist Heinrich Vogt.
References
1879 births
1943 deaths
Swiss ophthalmologists
University of Basel faculty
University of Zurich faculty
People from Kulm District
Einion ap Cunedda ( – 500;; – 480s), also known as Einion Yrth (Welsh for "the Impetuous"), was a king of Gwynedd. He is claimed as an ancestor of the later rulers of North Wales.
One of the sons of Cunedda, he travelled with his father to north Wales in the early 450s to expel Irish raiders from the region. After his father's death, Einion inherited control over the newly founded kingdom of Gwynedd. Aided by his brother Ceredig, ruler of Ceredigion, and his nephew Meirion, ruler of Meirionnydd, Einion built upon his father's successes and further established his family's rule in the region. He was succeeded by two sons: Cadwallon Lawhir and Owain Ddantgwyn.
See also
Kings of Wales family trees
References
420s births
500s deaths
British traditional history
Monarchs of Gwynedd
5th-century Welsh monarchs
Acacia amyctica is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves. It is native to an area in the south of the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Description
The erect bushy pungent shrub typically grows to a height of and has an obconic habit. It has smooth, light-grey coloured bark and slightly ribbed and sparsely haired branchlets. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The evergreen ascending to erect phyllodes have a narrowly oblanceolate to elliptic-oblanceolate shape and can be straight to slightly curved. The rigid and glabrous phyllodes have a length of and a width of with a pungent apex with many parallel and raised nerves. It blooms from August to September and produces yellow flowers.
Distribution
It has a limited distribution from around Salmon Gums and Grass Patch in the east and around Peak Charles National Park and around Dunn Swamp where it is found on flats and plains growing in sandy clay to loamy soils as a part of low woodland and open shrubland communities.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
amyctica
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1995
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Martin Schumacher (born June 28, 1950) is a German statistician. He was the head of the Institute for Medical Biometry and Statistics of the Medical Center of the University of Freiburg from 1986 until 2017.
Life and work
Martin Schumacher graduated from the University of Dortmund with a diploma in mathematics and statistics in 1974. He stayed in Dortmund and earned his PhD in 1977. Between 1975 and 1979 and 1983 and 1986 he first worked as research assistant for Prof. Siegfried Schach and then as Professor for Statistics in Science. In between those periods of time in Dortmund, he spent the years 1979-1983 in Heidelberg at the Institute for Medicinal Statistics at the University of Heidelberg, headed by Herbert Immich. There he qualified as a professor in 1982 with a thesis focusing on the analysis of survival time. In 1984 he worked as a guest professor at the Department of Biostatistics of the University of Washington in Seattle, WA (USA). Shortly after returning to the statistics department of the University of Dortmund he was offered a professorship at the Institute for Medical Biometry and Statistics of University Medical Center Freiburg. He became the head of the institute from April 1986 until his retirement in May 2017.
Immediately after starting his job in Freiburg he founded a center for methodological support of therapy studies, one of the first of its kind at a German university medical center. In 1999 one of the first coordination centers for clinical studies (short KKS = Koordinierungszentrum für Klinische Studien) in Germany was founded at the Medical Center - University of Freiburg on the initiative of Martin Schumacher.
In addition to doing research another focus of Martin Schumacher was the training and mentorship of young research, so teaching was a priority. The book "Methodik Klinischer Studien" (Methodology of Clinical Trials) by Schumacher and Schulgen is not only the first book on this topic in the German language, but also the standard textbook in Germany.
Martin Schumacher was the dean of the Medical Faculty of the University of Freiburg between 2001 and 2003. He was a member of the Faculty of Mathematics and Physics and there has been a cooperation with researchers and scientists in the fields of mathematics, physics, biology and computer science within the framework of the interdisciplinary Freiburg Center for Data Analysis and Modeling (FDM). Due to several research projects initiated and led by Martin Schumacher the institute has become an internationally renowned research hub for biostatistics in Germany.
There were several international symposia focused on methodology, Martin Schumacher also recurrently hosted conferences on medical statistics in Oberwolfach and the International Biometrical Conference (IBC) in 2002, as well as the third meeting of the German Consortium in Statistics (DAGStat 2013). His international reputation can also be gleaned by the fact that he got invited to give the 21st Bradford Hill Memorial Lecture in 2012. Under the clinical aspect the Cochrane Collaboration/German Cochrane Center as well as the German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS) need to be mentioned.
Martin Schumacher is the (co-)author of over 250 scientific publications and oversaw more than 30 dissertations. He published many papers about various methodological and statistical aspects of the planning and analysis of studies in the field of clinical epidemiology. Here, the implementation of the newly developed statistical methods in clinical practice and therefore a close cooperation with various clinical partners was the focus of the research.
Publications
Methodik klinischer Studien: Methodische Grundlagen der Planung, Durchführung und Auswertung. Martin Schumacher, Gabi Schulgen, Springer 2008.
Competing Risks and Multistate Models with R. Jan Beyersmann, Arthur Allignol, Martin Schumacher, Springer 2012.
Honors
Bradford Hill Memorial Lecture (2012)
Honorary member of the German Chapter of the International Biometrical Society (2014)
Honorary member of the International Society for Clinical Biostatistics (2015)
Honorary Life Member of the International Biometric Society (2018)
External links
Institute webpage
Martin Schumacher on the Mathematics Genealogy Project
References
1950 births
Biostatisticians
Living people
German statisticians
University of Freiburg faculty
"Undertow" is the fifth episode of the second season of the HBO original series The Wire. The episode was written by Ed Burns from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Steve Shill. It originally aired on June 29, 2003.
Plot
Rawls puts Freamon on the Sobotka detail and recommends that Bunk bring in a fresh detective as a partner on the case. Bunk, Beadie, and Cole serve grand jury summons on checkers in Frank's stevedores union, including Johnny Fifty and Horseface, as part of the investigation into the Jane Does. Frank is enraged that the detectives believe he knew anything about the dead girls. Bunk learns that the hearings brought little information and that Beadie has no informants at the port. Later, Beadie visits Maui, who turns out to be an old flame, and sounds him out about becoming an informant. He refuses to give her information on his fellow union men but offers a tip: the union computers may be useful in tracking containers.
Bubble visits the marine unit and informs McNulty that he has tracked down Omar. McNulty brings Omar in to be interviewed by Ilene Nathan in preparation for Bird's trial. Nathan is surprised at Omar's candor and history, but calls him a sociopath and worries about putting him on the stand in front of Levy. She gives McNulty a voucher to buy Omar some more appropriate clothes for his court appearance. Later, McNulty asks Special Agent Cleary, his contact in the INS, if he can interview any vice suspects about his floater. Cleary finds some girls being held in New Jersey, but finds it hard to understand McNulty's desire to identify the girl. After traveling to New Jersey, McNulty questions them but gets no response since he can't promise to keep them from being deported.
Daniels offers Carver a position in the Sobotka detail, reasoning that Carver is unlikely to betray the team again after previously being caught. However, Daniels tells Carver that he will not be recognized as a sergeant and will report to Greggs. Herc is overjoyed to be working with Carver again. Daniels orders DNRs and finance investigations to be done quickly to placate Valchek, and has Greggs, Herc and Carver look into the drug trade around the port. Freamon arrives and surprises the detail by recognizing Frank from a photo, noting his link to the Jane Does. As they set up their operation, the detectives find that the dealers in the port area are much less organized than the Barksdales. Meanwhile, Valchek receives another photo of his missing surveillance van, this time from San Diego.
Donette visits D'Angelo, telling him that Stringer has been supporting her and will do the same for D'Angelo when he is released. D'Angelo is cynical about Stringer's motivations. In the pit, Poot Carr tries to restrain his dealers when an addict disparages the product sold to him. Bodie says that someone needs to tell Stringer about the product's low quality. Stringer attends his economics class at the Baltimore City Community College and asks his teacher, Mr. Lucas, about selling an "inferior product" in a competitive marketplace. Lucas advises decreasing his prices to increase market share but warns that the product will lose credibility if the price is continually low. He also gives Stringer an example of a company CEO facing that exact problem, the solution being a change of name. After visiting Avon in prison, Stringer hosts a meeting with Barksdale dealers to solicit ideas for solving the organization's problems.
Ziggy arrives to collect money from a drug dealer named Frog, who comes short and claims his stash was stolen. Ziggy threatens him, but Frog remains indifferent. As Ziggy drives away, he is blocked by Proposition Joe's nephew, Melvin "Cheese" Wagstaff, and is confronted over a debt. Cheese and his men then shake down Ziggy and become frustrated when they find very little money on him. Ziggy offers his leather jacket as partial payment, but Cheese rejects the offer and threatens to kill him if the debt is not paid by Friday. Cheese and his men then proceed to take Ziggy's car. Meanwhile, Nick views a house with Aimee; the realtor turns out to be McNulty's ex-wife Elena. Nick initially refuses to help Ziggy deal with Cheese until he realizes his cousin is in danger, but is still unable to help Ziggy since he has already given his share of their take to Aimee for a rented apartment.
Nick asks Vondas and Serge to put their smuggling on hold while Frank deals with the Jane Doe investigation. Vondas asks Nick about smuggling chemicals but is evasive when Nick asks what they will be used for. Nick and La La negotiate with Cheese, asking for the return of Ziggy's car so it can be sold to raise money. Cheese offers another week, but shows Nick that his crew has already torched Ziggy's car. The Greek tells Vondas that he won't meet with Frank, but will double his payment. Frank is dismissive of the offer but is forced to ponder the fate of his union if he cuts ties with The Greek. At the library, Nick and Ziggy learn that the chemicals that Vondas asked for are used for processing cocaine. Nick tells Vondas and Serge that he is happy to deal as long as the chemicals are only used for narcotics. They tell Nick that they will triple their payment if Frank agrees to continue working with them, but Frank is defiant when confronted with the offer.
Production
Title reference
The title refers to the tide effect that traps unsuspecting swimmers; a metaphor for Frank Sobotka's inability to extricate himself from the smuggling operation despite his desire to.
Epigraph
Vondas makes this comment as a veiled criticism of Frank's caution in pursuing further deals with The Greeks' organization when faced with a police investigation. The season's theme of industrial decay is also thereby continued.
Credits
Starring cast
Although credited, Deirdre Lovejoy does not appear in this episode.
Guest stars
Seth Gilliam as Detective Ellis Carver
Domenick Lombardozzi as Detective Thomas "Herc" Hauk
Jim True-Frost as Detective Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski
James Ransone as Ziggy Sobotka
Pablo Schreiber as Nick Sobotka
Callie Thorne as Elena McNulty
J.D. Williams as Preston "Boadie" Broadus
Michael K. Williams as Omar Little
Al Brown as Major Stan Valchek
Richard Burton as Sean "Shamrock" McGinty
Kristin Proctor as Aimee
Bill Raymond as The Greek
Shamyl Brown as Donette
Tray Chaney as Malik "Poot" Carr
Luray Cooper as Nat Coxson
Lance Irwin as Maui
Susan Rome as ASA Ilene Nathan
Chris Ashworth as Sergei Malatov
Jeffrey Fugitt as Officer Claude Diggins
Method Man as Melvin "Cheese" Wagstaff
Charley Scalies as Thomas "Horseface" Pakusa
Gary "D. Reign" Senkus as Frog
Uncredited appearances
Gary D'Addario as Grand Jury Prosecutor Gary DiPasquale
Jeffrey Pratt Gordon as Johnny "Fifty" Spamanto
Kelvin Davis as La La
De'Rodd Hearns as Puddin
Robert F. Colesberry as Ray Cole
Kevin Murray as Special Agent Cleary
Unknown as Detective Massy
Daniel Ross as Drug Dealer
Lev Gorn as Eton Ben-Eleazer
Mark Kochanowicz as Yuppie Husband
First appearances
Frog: An East side drug dealer who sometimes works for Ziggy Sobotka
Cheese Wagstaff : Nephew of Eastside drug kingpin Proposition Joe and a feared lieutenant in his operation.
References and notes
Cheese's given name was originally listed on the HBO website as "Calvin" before being changed to "Melvin".''
External links
"Undertow" at HBO.com
The Wire (season 2) episodes
2003 American television episodes
John W. Ayers is an adjunct associate professor and epidemiologist at the San Diego State University. He researches in the field of public health informatics and the use of social media data in detecting behavioral health trends. His public health research expertise is in studying the circulation of information online. Trained in both political science and data science, he has published in medical journals including Journal of the American Medical Association, JAMA Internal Medicine, American Journal of Public Health, and American Journal of Preventive Medicine. His research findings have been featured in national and international media sources, including The New York Times, The Washington Post, Los Angeles Times, Time, and Newsweek.
Education
California State University, Bakersfield, B.A., 06/06, Political Science
San Diego State University, M.A., 06/08, Political Science
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Ph.D., 06/11, Behavioral Sciences
Harvard-MIT Health Sciences & Technology, Fellow, 12/12 Informatics
Selected publications
Ayers, J. W. (2011). Tracking the rise in popularity of electronic nicotine delivery systems (electronic cigarettes) using search query surveillance. American Journal of Public Health.
Ayers, J. W. (2013). Seasonality in seeking mental health information on Google. American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
Ayers, J. W. (2014). Could behavioral medicine lead the web data revolution? Journal of the American Medical Association.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American epidemiologists
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health alumni
San Diego State University alumni
San Diego State University faculty
California State University, Bakersfield alumni
George Karfunkel (born 1948/1949) is an American businessman, the co-founder of companies including AmTrust Financial Services, and a survivor of Operation Entebbe.
Early life
George Karfunkel was born in Hungary, the son of Louis Karfunkel (1914-1997), a religious scholar and fishmonger, and his wife Clara. The family migrated to the US in the late 1950s, after the failed Hungarian Revolution of 1956, and lived in the Hasidic community of Boro Park in Brooklyn, New York City. His older brother Michael Karfunkel, died in April 2016, aged 72.
Career
In 1971, he co-founded American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC.
In 1998, AmTrust Financial Services was founded by brothers George and Michael Karfunkel.
Karfunkel has been a director of Kodak since September 2013.
On July 29, 2020, Karfunkel and his wife Renee donated 3 million of their 6.3 million Kodak shares to Congregation Chemdas Yisroel, a tax-exempt religious organization, and they will be able to claim this donation as a tax deduction. Karfunkel founded Congregation Chemdas Yisroel in 2018. On July 27, the Trump administration awarded Kodak an "unprecedented" $765 million Defense Production Act loan, and the share price soared from $2.16 to $60. Upon the donation of 3 million of their 6.3 million Kodak shares, the Karfunkels would be entitled to a tax deduction of $116.3 million for shares that two days earlier had been worth $6.39 million. A new document filed on January 12, 2021 seemingly contradicts the previous security filing by specifying that only 2 million of their 6.3 million Kodak shares have been donated to the organization, thereby producing a tax deduction of $77.5 million.
Personal life
In 1976, he was one of the survivors of Operation Entebbe, when Palestinian terrorists hijacked an Air France plane and flew it to Entebbe, Uganda, and 102 of the 106 hostages were rescued by Israel Defense Forces (IDF) commandos.
Karfunkel is married to Renee. Their daughter Anne Neuberger works in the Biden Administration as Deputy National Security Adviser for Cybersecurity. Anne Neuberger is married to Yehuda Neuberger.
References
American people of Hungarian-Jewish descent
Living people
American company founders
American billionaires
1940s births
American Hasidim
Satmar Hasidim
John Pasche (born 24 April 1945) is a British art designer, best known for designing the Rolling Stones'
tongue and lips logo. Pasche completed his BA degree in graphic design from the Brighton College of Art between 1963 and 1967. He completed his MA at the Royal College of Art in London from 1967 to 1970.
Professional career
The Rolling Stones' head office contacted the Royal College of Art in 1970 looking to commission a poster for The Rolling Stones European Tour 1970; the college recommended Pasche. Pasche designed the "Tongue and Lip Design" logo in 1970, for which he was paid just £50 and a further £200 in 1972. Pasche sold his copyright of the logo to the Rolling Stones via its commercial arm (Musidor BV) for £26,000 in 1984. In 2008 the original artwork of the logo was sold in the US to the Victoria and Albert Museum for $92,500, about £71,000 in 2020. The design was revised by Craig Braun while he was designing the album package and was originally reproduced on the U.S. inner sleeve and cover of Sticky Fingers album released in April, 1971. In August 2008, the design was voted the greatest band logo of all time in an online poll conducted by Gigwise. Pasche worked with the Rolling Stones from 1970 until 1974 while he was Junior Art Director at Benton & Bowles advertising agency.
Between 1974 and 1977 he founded and managed Gull Graphics. Pasche later worked with Paul McCartney, The Who, The Stranglers and Dr. Feelgood. He also created the M. C. Escher–inspired band logo of Van der Graaf Generator that first appeared on their classic album Godbluff. He was art director at United Artists Music Division from 1978 until 1981. From 1981 to 1991 he was a Creative Director of Chrysalis Records and he was a Creative Director at the South Bank Centre from 1994 until 2005.
Notes
External links
Official website
1945 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Brighton
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
English graphic designers
Film poster artists
Southbank Centre
John H. Howe may refer to:
John H. Howe (architect) (1913–1997), American architect
John H. Howe (judge) (1822–1873), American jurist
The 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match to determine the winners of the 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The match was held at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on 24 July 2005. It was contested by the winners of the semi-finals, United States and Panama. The game would end in a 0–0 draw after extra time, leading to a penalty shoot-out which the United States would win 3–1 with the decisive kick coming from Brad Davis.
Route to the final
Match
References
External links
Official website
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final 2005
United States men's national soccer team matches
Panama national football team matches
Sports competitions in East Rutherford, New Jersey
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
21st century in East Rutherford, New Jersey
Soccer in New Jersey
Meadowland Sports Complex
Ten Wood is a 17.7 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest east of Burrough Green in Cambridgeshire.
This ancient wood is of the ash/maple type, which has a high conservation value as it has a restricted and declining distribution. Other trees include hazel and pedunculate oak. There is also a population of the rare oxlip.
The site is private land with no public access.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cambridgeshire
Condé Nast is a major American magazine publisher. Condé Nast may also refer to:
Condé Montrose Nast (1873–1942), founder of the publisher
Condé Nast Building, the publisher's headquarters, in Times Square
Orthonevra parva (Shannon,1916) the Copper-striped Mucksucker is a rare species of syrphid fly. It has been observed in the Western United States. Hoverflies get their names from the ability to remain nearly motionless while in flight. The adults are also known as flower flies, for they are commonly found around and on flowers from which they get both energy-giving nectar and protein rich pollen. Larvae for this genus are of the rat-tailed type. O. parva larvae have not been described.
References
Insects described in 1916
Diptera of North America
The Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra is an influential and doctrinally striking Mahāyāna Buddhist scripture which treats of the existence of the "Tathāgatagarbha" (Buddha-Matrix, Buddha-Embryo, Buddha-Essence, lit. "the womb of the thus-come-one") within all sentient creatures. The Buddha reveals how inside each person's being there exists a great Buddhic "treasure that is eternal and unchanging". This is no less than the indwelling Buddha himself.
History
Origins and development
Anthony Barber associates the development of the Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra with the Mahāsāṃghika sect of Buddhism, and concludes that the Mahāsāṃghikas of the Āndhra region (i.e. the Caitika schools) were responsible for the inception of the Tathāgatagarbha doctrine.
The Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra is considered "the earliest expression of this [the tathāgatagarbha doctrine] and the term tathāgatagarbha itself seems to have been coined in this very sutra." The text is no longer extant in its language of origin, but is preserved in two Tibetan and two Chinese translations.
Translations
Michael Zimmermann discerns two recensions, the shorter recension, translated by Buddhabhadra in 420 CE, and the more extended and detailed recension, extant in the following translations:
the Chinese translation of Amoghavajra (middle of 8th century);
an apocryphal Tibetan translation from Bathang;
the canonical Tibetan translation (around 800 CE).
Buddhabhadras version was translated into English by Grosnick in 1995 and the Tibetan version was translated by Zimmermann in 2002.
The nine similes
According to Zimmermann, the nine similes "embody the new and central message of the text, embedded in the more or less standard framework consisting of the setting, a passage expounding the merit of propagating the sutra and a story of the past."
The simile (1) in the first chapter describes a fantastic scene with many buddhas seated in lotus calyxes in the sky, who are not affected by the withering of the flowers. The following eight similes illustrate how the indwelling Buddha in sentient beings is hidden by the negative mental states (kleśas),
Doctrines
Overview
In regard to the Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra and the term Tathāgatagarbha, A. W. Barber writes:
The Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra constitutes one of a number of Tathāgatagarbha or Buddha-nature sutras (including the Mahāyāna Mahāparinirvāṇa Sūtra, the Śrīmālādevī Siṃhanāda Sūtra, the Angulimaliya Sutra, and the Anunatva-Apurnatva-Nirdesa) which unequivocally declare the reality of an Awakened Essence within each being.
Tathāgatagarbha and ātman
According to some scholars, the Tathāgatagarbha does not represent a substantial self (ātman); rather, it is a positive language expression of emptiness (śūnyatā) and represents the potentiality to realize Buddhahood through Buddhist practices; the intention of the teaching of Tathāgatagarbha is Soteriology rather than theoretical. This interpretation is contentious. Not all scholars share this view. Michael Zimmermann, a specialist on the Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra, writes for instance: "the existence of an eternal, imperishable self, that is, buddhahood, is definitely the basic point of the Tathāgatagarbha Sutra.
Zimmermann also declares that the compilers of the Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra "did not hesitate to attribute an obviously substantialist notion to the buddha-nature of living beings," and notes the total lack of evident interest in this sutra for any ideas of "emptiness" (śūnyatā): "Throughout the whole Tathāgatagarbha Sūtra the term śūnyatā does not even appear once, nor does the general drift of the TGS somehow imply the notion of śūnyatā as its hidden foundation. On the contrary, the sutra uses very positive and substantialist terms to describe the nature of living beings.' Also, writing on the diverse understandings of Tathāgatagarbha doctrine, Jamie Hubbard comments on how some scholars see a tendency towards monism in the Tathāgatagarbha [a tendency which Japanese scholar Matsumoto castigates as non-Buddhist]. Hubbard comments:
Buddhahood is thus taught to be the timeless, virtue-filled Real (although as yet unrecognised as such by the deluded being), present inside the mind of every sentient being from the beginningless beginning. Its disclosure to direct perception, however, depends on inner spiritual purification and purgation of the superficial obscurations which conceal it from view.
See also
Brahman
Dhammakaya Tradition
Dolpopa Sherab Gyaltsen
Hongaku
Kulayarāja Tantra
Luminous mind
References
Sources
Further reading
Hodge, Stephen (2009 & 2012)."The Textual Transmission of the Mahayana Mahaparinirvana-sutra", lecture at the University of Hamburg
King, Sallie, B. (1991). "Buddha Nature", State University of New York Press,
External links
Chinese, Tibetan and English texts of the TGS in the Thesaurus Literaturae Buddhicae, University of Oslo
Appreciation of the Nirvana Sutra and Tathagatagarbha teachings
"Tathagatagarbha Buddhism": the full text of the "Tathagatagarbha Sutra" plus text of 4 other "tathagatagarbha" sutras
Mahayana sutras
Buddha-nature
Jacob Daniel Brigham (born February 10, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Wei Chuan Dragons of the Chinese Professional Baseball League (CPBL). He made his Major League Baseball (MLB) debut in 2015 with the Atlanta Braves, and has also played for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) and Nexen / Kiwoom Heroes of the KBO League.
Career
Texas Rangers
Brigham attended Central Florida Christian Academy in Orlando, Florida, where he played for the school's baseball team. He pitched a no-hitter in 2005, his junior season, against West Oak, though he allowed two unearned runs. The Texas Rangers drafted Brigham in the sixth round (178th overall) of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft. They added him to their 40-man roster after the 2011 season to protect him from the Rule 5 draft.
Chicago Cubs
In July 2012, Brigham was traded to the Chicago Cubs for Geovany Soto.
Second Stint with Rangers
He was traded back to the Rangers for Barret Loux on November 20, 2012. He was non tendered by the Rangers on November 30 and became a free agent, but re-signed with the Rangers on a minor league contract.
Brigham became a free agent again after the 2013 season.
Pittsburgh Pirates
He signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates' organization for the 2014 season.
Atlanta Braves
He signed with the Atlanta Braves' organization prior to the 2015 season. Brigham was called up to the majors for the first time on June 27, 2015. Brigham made his Major League debut on June 30, 2015, pitching three innings against the Washington Nationals while striking out four batters and allowing only one hit. He elected free agency on November 6.
Detroit Tigers
On December 11, 2015, Brigham signed a minor-league contract with the Detroit Tigers.
Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles
On December 18, 2015, the Tigers sold Brigham's rights to the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles.
Detroit Tigers (second stint)
On January 10, 2017, Brigham signed a minor-league contract with the Tigers.
Nexen/Kiwoom Heroes
On May 4, 2017, Brigham signed a contract with the Nexen Heroes of the KBO League. Brigham signed a $650,000 contract for the 2018 season with the Heroes on November 24, 2017. On November 23, 2018, Brigham re-signed to a $900,000 contract with the team, now named the Kiwoom Heroes, for the 2019 season. Brigham posted a 13–5 record with a 2.96 ERA over 158.1 innings in 2019. On December 9, 2019, Brigham re-signed with Kiwoom for the 2020 season on a $950,000 contract. Following the 2020 season, the Heroes announced they would part ways with Brigham, and he became a free agent.
Wei Chuan Dragons
On December 26, 2020, Brigham signed with the Wei Chuan Dragons of the Chinese Professional Baseball League for the 2021 season. On March 19, 2021, Brigham made his CPBL debut. Through his first four starts with the Dragons, Brigham pitched to a 0.42 ERA and 0.78 WHIP over 21.2 innings of work.
Kiwoom Heroes (second stint)
On April 15, 2021, Brigham's contract was purchased by the Kiwoom Heroes of the KBO League. In 10 starts, Brigham posted a 7–3 record with a 2.95 ERA. On September 4, 2021, Brigham parted ways with the club for personal reasons.
Wei Chuan Dragons (second stint)
On January 5, 2022, Brigham re-signed with the Wei Chuan Dragons of the Chinese Professional Baseball League for the 2022 season.
Personal life
Brigham and his wife, Taylor, have two daughters and a son
He is the nephew of former White Sox catcher Ron Karkovice.
References
External links
KBO League Statistics
1988 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
American expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
Arizona League Rangers players
Atlanta Braves players
Bakersfield Blaze players
Baseball players from Florida
Frisco RoughRiders players
Gwinnett Braves players
Hickory Crawdads players
Indianapolis Indians players
Jamestown Jammers players
KBO League pitchers
Kiwoom Heroes players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mississippi Braves players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
People from Winter Garden, Florida
Round Rock Express players
Spokane Indians players
Tennessee Smokies players
Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles players
Wei Chuan Dragons players
Botany, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales was created in 1894 and abolished in 1950.
Election results
Elections in the 1940s
1947
1944
1941
Elections in the 1930s
1938
1935
1932
1930
Elections in the 1920s
1927
1925
1922
1920
Elections in the 1910s
1917
1913
1910
Elections in the 1900s
1907
1904
1901
Elections in the 1890s
1898
1895
1894
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
Bigg Boss Bangla 2 was the second season of the Bangali version of the Indian reality show Bigg Boss.
Housemates
Original entrants
Silajit Majumder – Singer.
Mikhail Bora – Brother of Sheena Bora.
Apurbo Roy – Comedian.
Jayjit Banerjee – Television actor.
Mainak Banerjee – Actor.
Kamalika Banerjee – Actress.
Rii Sen – Actress.
Priya Paul – Actress.
Srabanti Chatterjee – Actress.
Aditi Chakraborty – Choreographer.
Priti Biswas – Television actress.
Sandy Rong -- dance choreographer
Wild card entrants
Debolina dutta - Actress
Ena Saha - Actress
Joey
Guest Entrant
Puja Banerjee – Television actress.
Housemates Status
Nominations Table
Nomination notes
: Ena was nominated by Bigg Boss after failing the secret task given to her when she entered on Day 3 as the first wild card entrant.
References
Bigg Boss seasons
2016 Indian television seasons
Colors Bangla original programming
This is a list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1977.
#
A-B
C-D
E-F
G-H
I-J
K-Z
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1977 at HKcinemamagic.com
1977
Lists of 1977 films by country or language
Films
The oriole whistler (Pachycephala orioloides), also known as the yellow-throated whistler (leading to easy confusion with Pachycephala macrorhyncha), is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae, which is endemic to the Solomon Islands (archipelago).
Taxonomy and systematics
It is variably considered a subspecies of a widespread golden whistler (P. pectoralis) or treated as a separate species, but strong published evidence in favour of either treatment is limited, and further study is warranted to resolve the complex taxonomic situation. Even if not recognized as a separate species, the oriole whistler includes several very different subspecies, though the males are united by their yellow throat.
Subspecies
Nine subspecies are recognized:
P. o. bougainvillei - Mayr, 1932: Found on Buka, Bougainville and Shortland Islands
P. o. orioloides - Pucheran, 1853: Found on Choiseul, Malakobi, Santa Isabel and Florida Islands
P. o. centralis - Mayr, 1932: Found on eastern New Georgia Islands
P. o. melanoptera - Mayr, 1932: Found on southern New Georgia Islands
P. o. melanonota - Hartert, 1908: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Ranongga and Vella Lavella
P. o. pavuvu - Mayr, 1932: Found on Pavuvu
P. o. sanfordi - Mayr, 1931: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Malaita
P. o. cinnamomea - (Ramsay, EP, 1879): Originally described as a separate species in the genus Pseudorectes. Found on Beagle Island and Guadalcanal
P. o. christophori - Tristram, 1879: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Santa Ana and San Cristóbal Island
Distribution
The oriole whistler is found throughout the Solomons, except in the Santa Cruz Islands.
References
oriole whistler
Birds of the Solomon Islands
oriole whistler
Edwin Beer (1876–1938) was an American surgeon who pioneered the endoscopic treatment of papillary bladder tumors. He is recognized as the founder of electrosurgery of the bladder.
Early life
Beer was born and raised in New York City. His parents were Julian and Sophia Beer, wealthy German Jews. He had a comfortable childhood. Beer attended the Columbia Grammar School and Dr. Sachs Collegiate Institute. He graduated from Columbia College in 1896, receiving his medical degree three years later from the College of Physicians and Surgeons of New York.
Career
Early career
In 1899, Beer started his practical medical career as an intern at the Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City. He completed his internship in 1902.
Milestone work
In 1908 Beer conceived the idea of using high frequency electric current through a catheterizing cystoscope to electrocoagulate bladder tumors. Beer was convinced that Maximilian Nitze's earlier transurethral treatment of bladder tumors was superior to open surgery. He asked Reinhold Wappler (American inventor of the electrical apparatus used for spark-gap electrocautery) whether his technique might be used for urology.
Beer used a two-channel Nitze cytoscope and a monopolar current derived from a resonator made by Wappler. In 1910, in an endoscopy aimed to remove bladder tumors, Beer introduced electrosurgery, which consists in the use of radiofrequency alternating current to cut and coagulate tissues. His method proved to be successful and revolutionary. For the next 25 years, Beer studied extensively bladder neoplasms and continued to develop and improve his method of treatment.
Recognition
In 1927, Beer was awarded the first gold medal given by the International Society of Urology for his work with electro-fulguration. Ten years later he was awarded the Gold Key by the American Congress of Physical Therapy for his pioneering contributions to the treatment of vesical tumors. After Beer died in 1938 Reed Nesbit wrote regarding Beer's method of electrosurgery:
Development of this technique by its brilliant discoverer marked one of the greatest advances in the history of urology; it led not only to radical change in the therapeutic management of bladder tumors, but also paved the way for subsequent electro- resection methods by proving that high-frequency current could be employed effectively underwater.
Legacy
Beer's legacy continues today in the Edwin Beer Program of the New York Academy of Medicine in support to research in urology.
References
Further reading
1876 births
1938 deaths
People from New York City
Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons alumni
American surgeons
Beer, Edwin
K. Shivanagouda Nayaka is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party. He is a former minister of Karnataka. He was elected to the Karnataka Legislative Assembly from Raichur district. He unsuccessfully contested the 2014 Lok Sabha election from Raichur against B V Nayak.
References
Living people
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Karnataka
National Democratic Alliance candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
People from Raichur district
Year of birth missing (living people)
Karnataka MLAs 2018–2023
Karnataka MLAs 2008–2013
Rockwell was a town in Adams County, Washington. The GNIS classifies it as a populated place.
The community was named for the nature of the county and a well dug into rock near the town site.
References
Ghost towns in Washington (state)
Geography of Adams County, Washington
Portrait is a 1982 album by pop group, The Nolans. It featured the UK top 20 singles "Chemistry" and "Don't Love Me Too Hard" and reached No.7 in the album charts. It was released earlier than Don't Love Me Too Hard in Japan with a slightly different track-listing, where it became one of the first 50 albums to be released on Compact disc.
Background
By early 1982, The Nolans had had a run of success in the UK which included three UK top 20 albums and seven top 20 singles as well as achieving major success in Japan. Many of the tracks for this album had been recorded in 1981, but their touring schedule was preventing them from finishing it. With just one day before the deadline, the record company urged the group to work through the night to complete vocals for the remaining tracks. With a cheque for £25,000 to each of them, they did so and Portrait was released in March 1982. Featuring the top 20 hits "Chemistry" and "Don't Love Me Too Hard", the album itself was a success also by reaching No.7 in the album charts. This however signalled the end of their peak, as a third single, "Crashing Down" proved to be aptly titled. The song not only became their first to fail to enter the top 20 this decade, but failed to make the charts at all. Somewhat curiously (and uniquely) it featured on the 'Bubbling Under' section of the chart for five consecutive weeks, without ever entering the top 75. Portrait finished as one of the top 100 selling albums of 1982 in the UK and was certified gold by the BPI.
The album, like its predecessor, was produced by Ben Findon and Nicky Graham separately. Both producers were now giving the songs a heavy disco sound such as "Don't Let it Go By" (by Findon) and "Chemistry" (by Graham). For this album, a third producer was added, Robin Smith, who was Coleen's boyfriend at the time. Two of the songs were co-written by member and lead-singer Bernie Nolan ("Are You Thinking of Me" and "Every Little Thing"), while closing track "Amy" was written for (former member) Anne's daughter, to whom the album was also dedicated. The album was a hit also in their biggest market, Japan, where it had been released as Don't Love Me Too Hard some months prior to the UK. A fourth single was released there also; "How Do I Survive" (which had been a big hit for Amy Holland in 1980 from her self-titled debut album). The album was significant in that it became one of the first 50 pop albums ever to be released on Compact disc, when it was released on the format in Japan in October 1982.
The album was later re-released on CD with bonus tracks in September 2010 by Cherry Red Records.
Track listing
Chart performance
References
External links
The Nolans albums
1982 albums
Epic Records albums
The Ostmesse, officially the Deutsche Ostmesse Königsberg (DOK), was a trade fair in Königsberg, Germany. It was established to aid in the recovery of East Prussia after its separation from Weimar Germany following World War I.
History
Lord Mayor Hans Lohmeyer came up with the idea for a trade fair in Königsberg to inspire optimism and improve the economy; similar post-war fairs were held in Breslau (Wrocław), Frankfurt, and Poznań. The first Ostmesse, opened by President Friedrich Ebert on 26 September 1920, was held in the Königsberg Zoo and encompassed 50,000 m2.
The following year the Ostmesse moved to a new site designed by Hanns Hopp along Wallring and Hansaring, just north of Steindamm and Tragheim. This permanent site initially encompassed 60,000 m2 and was financed with 7.5 million Mark from the German government and 2.5 million from the Free State of Prussia. Seven halls covering 23,000 m2 were subsequently constructed. The Handelshof was built nearby from 1922-23, but was infrequently used and instead became the new city hall. Beginning in 1925 technical demonstrations were held in the Haus der Technik. By the end of the 1920s the Ostmesse encompassed 80,000 m2. Plans to expand westward in the vicinity of the Nordbahnhof station were halted by the outbreak of World War II.
The early fairs were provincial and largely agricultural in nature, but well received by East Prussians. A popular description of the fair was "Des ganzen Ostens Presse meist die Königsberger Messe preist" (the entire eastern press praised the Königsberg fair). The Spring 1922 fair included 1,650 firms, while the Fall 1923 fair featured 2,500 exhibitors. Besides the featured goods and technical exhibitions, later fairs included construction, cattle, fishing, hunting, and other special shows. The tenth fair was opened on 17 February 1925 by Chancellor Hans Luther.
Foreign participation increased as the fair grew and included Estonia, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Poland, Sweden, Turkey, and especially the Soviet Union. Königsberg's Ostmesse and the Leipzig Trade Fair were recognized as the only official German trade fairs. The first Fair was held in September 1920 after which they were held in February and August, until 1928, when for economic reasons they began to be held annually instead, usually in late August. The Ostmesse had 1,873 firms and 65,000 visitors in 1930, 120,000 visitors in 1933, and 204,000 visitors in 1937. The fair was directed by Dr. Erich Wiegand until 1930, when he was succeeded by Consul Hans Jonas. The final fair was held in October 1941 during World War II.
Notes
References
1920 establishments in Germany
1941 disestablishments in Germany
Former buildings and structures in Königsberg
Trade fairs in Germany
Martin Diedenhofen (born 5 February 1995) is a German politician. He is a member of the SPD and has been a Member of the German Bundestag since 2021.
Politics
He ran unsuccessfully in Neuwied in 2017 and 2021.
See also
List of members of the 20th Bundestag
References
1995 births
Living people
21st-century German politicians
Members of the Bundestag for Rhineland-Palatinate
Members of the Bundestag for the Social Democratic Party of Germany
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
I Am You Are is the début album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2001.
Track list
Sound Check
Sweet Girl, I Love You!
Rubber and South
Rudy's Key Balls
No Mind in My Mind
Bring Them
Always Been Together
The Strumpfhose Melodie
Caterpillar Song
Husbands
The Pilots
Singe I've Seen the Seas
References
2001 albums
Jennifer Gentle albums
Luna Nera (English: Black Moon) is an Italian historical fantasy streaming television series created by Francesca Manieri, Laura Paolucci and Tiziana Triana and starring Nina Fotaras, Giorgio Belli, Gloria Carovana and Giandomenico Cupaiuolo.
The plot takes place in the 17th-century in Serra, a fictitional village near Rome, and revolves around women who are accused of being witches, who defend themselves and fight back. It is based on the trilogy of novels Le città perdute by Tiziana Triana.
Episodes
Cast
Antonia Fotaras as Ade, a young witch with strong sensing abilities.
Giada Gagliardi as Valente, the sick younger brother of Ade who she is left to take care of.
as Antalia, the mother of Ade and Valente. After birthing Valente, she disguised herself as an old woman and claimed to be their grandmother, Natalia.
as Natalia, the grandmother of Ade and Valente.
Giorgio Belli as Pietro, a man who returns from college and becomes smitten with Ade. He doesn't believe in sorcery and is furious about the executions committed by his witch-hunter father.
Gloria Carovana as Cesaria, Pietro's younger adoptive sister who aides their father in witch-hunting.
Giandomenico Cupaiuolo as Sante, father of Pietro and Cesaria and leader of a group of witch hunters called the Benandanti, inspired by their historical counterpart.
Astrid Meloni as Amelia, Pietro and Cesaria's sick, bed-ridden mother.
Adalgisa Manfrida as Persepolis, a young witch who, after an initial conflict, becomes close friends with Ade.
Filippo Scotti as Spirto, an orphan working for Sante's household, who has a secret relationship with Persepolis.
as Janara, a tough-as-nails witch who is comfortable with both magic and weapons, inspired by Witches of Benevento
as Tebe, the powerful and strong-willed leader of the witches.
as Leptis, a woman with martial training who is a confidante of the witches and Tebe's lover.
Camille Dugay Comencini as Aquileia, a new witch adept.
Martina Limonta as Segesta, a new witch adept.
Giulia Alberoni as Petra, a new witch adept.
as Marzio Oreggi. a powerful cardinal supporting the witch hunting
as Marzio Oreggi during his youth.
Gaetano Aronica: as padre Tosco, the local priest.
Marilena Anniballi as Agnese, a woman who lost a child during birth and accused Natalia (who acted as midwife) of witchcraft.
Daniele Amendola as Giambattista, Agnese's husband.
Nathan Macchioni as Adriano.
Aliosha Massine as Benedetto.
Gianmarco Vettori as Nicola.
Production and release
Filming for the series lasted 16 weeks and mostly took place in Cinecittà studios. In the episodes you can also see: the Parco degli Acquedotti of Rome, Sorano, the ghost town of Celleno, Sutri, the , the castle of and the ghost town of .
Netflix distributed the trailer of Luna Nera on 15 January 2020 and released the series on 31 January 2020.
References
External links
2020 Italian television series debuts
2020s Italian drama television series
Italian-language television shows
Italian-language Netflix original programming
Witchcraft in television
Italian fantasy television series
Television series set in the 17th century
The European Fund for the Balkans (Serbian Cyrillic: Европски фонд за Балкан; abbreviation: EFB) is a foundation based in Belgrade. It was founded in 2008 as a joint initiative by the Robert Bosch Stiftung, the ERSTE Foundation, the King Baudouin Foundation and the Compagnia di San Paolo in order to support countries from the former Yugoslavia during their EU association process.
The EFB coordinates the Civil Society Forum within the framework of the Berlin Process. On its 10th anniversary of the foundation launched the Declaration of a European Balkans Partnership, a document signed by numerous Balkan actors which calls for more engagement by the EU in the former Yugoslavia to complete the region's socio-economic transformation. Declaration was authored by Balkans in Europe Policy Advisory Group (BiEPAG) who consulted Balkans state officials, representatives of European Union, representatives of civil society and renowned experts and intellectuals.
Programmes
The European Fund for the Balkans (EFB) has two main programs aimed at developing human capital. One is the Fellowship Programme for Government Officials from the Western Balkans launched in 2008 which aims to educate civil servants about European political and social systems. The other is a series of Policy Hackathons, events aiming to create new solutions for issues faced by the citizens in the Balkans.
The Think and Link Regional Policy Programme was launched in 2008. Its aim is to support Balkan civil society organisations and independent institutes in the fields of public analysis, research and public policy proposals.
A project aimed at improving regional cooperation is the Balkans in Europe Policy Advisory Group (BiEPAG), which represents a group of experts engaged in researching political, economic and social trends in the Balkans. EFB established this group together with the Centre for Southeast European Studies at the University of Graz in 2013.
10th anniversary
On 16 April 2018, its 10th anniversary, the foundation launched the Declaration of a European Balkans Partnership, a document signed by numerous Balkan actors that calls for more engagement by the EU in the Yugoslav successor states in order to complete the region's socio-economic transformation.
Balkanoscope
On 26 March 2018 a new project called "Balkanoscope" was presented in Brussels. It is a joint initiative of European Western Balkans and European Fund for the Balkans. Aim of the project is to "present the Balkans from a different viewpoint...where real people are struggling with real issues" by publishing different stories and interviews.
As of 7 August 2018 there are English and French version of the portal.
References
External links
Official website
Foundations based in Serbia
Political and economic think tanks based in Europe
Political organizations based in Serbia
European integration think tanks
Hariram Vyas was a 16th-17th century spiritual poet, classical musician and saint belonging to the Radha-Vallabha denomination. Radhavallabha is a Vaishnava denomination which began with the Vaishnava theologian Hith Harivansh Mahaprabhu. Hariram Vyas together with Hith Harivansh Mahaprabhu and Swami Haridas are known as Haritraya (Trinity of Hari). He is considered to be an incarnation or descension of Vishakha Sakhi who is considered to be the foremost sakhi of Radharani. He is credited with a large body of devotional compositions, especially in the Dhrupad style. His work influenced both the classical music and the Bhakti movements of North India, especially those devoted to Krishna's consort Radha. As a poet he is credited for bringing development of Krshna-Bhakti literature to light in the pages of Indian history. Rupa Goswami, Sanatana Goswami, Mahaprabhu Vallabhacharya, Vitthalnath (Gusainji), and Chaitanya Mahaprabhu were his contemporaries.
Life and background
Hariram Vyas Ji was born in the year 1512 in a sanadhya brahmin family in Orchha, Bundelkhand. His father Shri Sumokhan Shukl was a follower of Madhva tradition, he was a respected man in his community, and Rajguru(royal priest) of the Orchha royal family. Hariram ji showed a keen interest in Sanskrit from an early age and achieved great mastery of Vedas and Holy Scriptures at a young age. He was soon appointed as the Rajguru(Royal priest) to King Madhukar Shah of Orchha. Apart from being an renowned pandit and intellectual he was also famous for his debating skills.
In his early years he was obsessed with debating with other intellectuals and had defeated many famous Pundits. He would go and do Shashtrarth (debate) with any Pundit he would hear about and win the debate with his knowledge. But, this phase of his life didn't last very long. Soon, he gave up engaging in meaningless debates, shallow arguments and was completely devoted to the bhakti-marg. He soon renounced his home, family, wealth, and his position as the rajguru of Orchha king and came to Vrindavan. There he lived his life as a vagabond and spent time in satsang with saints like Hith Harivansh Mahaprabhu and Swami Haridas.
There are many disagreements and contradicting theories about who his diksha - guru was. One theory suggests that he was initiated into Madhva tradition by his father Sumokhan Shukl and that his deviation from the tradition and his interest towards Krishn bhakti was inspired by the preachings of his father's guru Sanyasi Madhavdas. And, finally after hearing a doha written by Sant Navaldas he followed his inner voice and came to the epicenter of madhura bhakti - Vrindavan where he began his satsang with Shri Haridas and Hit Harivansh.
Another popular theory suggests that after hearing about the popularity of Hith Harivansh Mahaprabhu he came to Vrindavan and challenged him for a debate. But, upon hearing one of his dohas became his disciple.
Vyas Ji's father Sumokhan Shukl had been a disciple of and received Madhva tradition diksha from Shri Madhavdas who was Chaitanya Mahaprabhu's guru-bhai. And, Vyas Ji had received diksha from his father in the same tradition. Hence, even though he was not a direct disciple of Madhavdas, he comes under his Guru-Shishya tradition.
Vyas Ji in his Sanskrit work called 'Navratna' has also clearly mentioned that he considers himself to belong to Madhva tradition. But, in his later years he felt a pull towards Hith Harivansh Mahaprabhu's Radha-Vallabha tradition. This is the reason we can find both Dvaita philosophy of Madhva tradition together with the devotional worship elements of the Radha-Vallabha tradition.
While one of his son was a disciple of Hith Harivansh Mahaprabhu's son Vanchandra Ji, his other son Kishoredas received diksha from Swami Haridas. This shows that Vyas Ji respected all traditions equally.
Poetry and other works
Hariram Ji's poems, couplets, dohas were largely composed in Braj bhasha. However he has composed and written in Sanskrit as well. Apart from devotional dohas or couplets, he also wrote couplets on life principles, morality, and stories of his times. He is said to have composed thousands of couplets and dohas. But the exact number is not known.
Some of his known major devotional dohas, poems in Braj bhasha have been compiled and published in a book called Shri Vyas Vani.
Other works include
1) Raagmala (Hindi/Braj Bhasha)
2) Navratna (Sanskrit)
3) Swadharm Paddati (Sanskrit)
His complete life and works have also been documented by Vasudev Goswami in his book Bhakt Kavi Vyas Ji.
Vyas Ji has praised saints and devotees in many of his poems. He has specifically named, appreciated and expressed his gratitude towards many contemporary and earlier saints and devotees for removing his own ignorance and doubts through their works, poems and held them in high regard like his Gurus. Here are a couple of illustrations talking about Hit Harivansh.
उपदेस्यो रसिकन प्रथम,तब पाये हरिवंश।
जब हरिवंश कृपा करी ,मिठे व्यास के संश॥ (Shri Vyas Vani, Pad 14, Pg. 194)
Such dohas by Vyas Ji have given strength to the theory that Harivansh Ji was his guru. But, the fact of the matter is that Vyas Ji had attained such an extreme state of devotion where he had transcended his ego and attained his true self or God. With this sentiment he has called each devotee and saint his guru in the following doha.
आदि, अंत अरु मध्य में, यह रसिकन की रीति।
संत सबै गुरुदेव है, 'व्यासहि' यह परतीत॥ (Shri Vyas Vani, Saakhi 2, Pg. 408)
Vyas Ji has used kind and respectful words to address all saints and devotees. But, he has dedicated many dohas to express his respect for Hith Harivansh Mahaprabhu as a Guru. Hence, it is often agreed that he was his Sadguru. However, his father is largely considered to be his initiating Guru (Diksha-Guru).
Speaking about Krshna-Radha marriage:
मोहन मोहिनी को दूलहु।
मोहन की दुलहिनी मोहनी सखी निरखि निरखि किन फूलहु।
सहज ब्याह उछाह ,सहज मण्डप ,सहज यमुना के कूलहू।
सहज खवासिनि गावति नाचति सहज सगे समतूलहु॥ (Shri Vyas Vani, Pg. 362)
Speaking about how he lived carefree by completely surrendering his life to God:
काहू के बल भजन कौ ,काहू के आचार।
व्यास भरोसे कुँवरि के ,सोवत पाँव पसार॥ (Shri Vyas Vani, Pg. 182)
Speaking about how only devotion is the way to success in life:
जो त्रिय होइ न हरि की दासी।
कीजै कहा रूप गुण सुन्दर,नाहिंन श्याम उपासी॥
तौ दासी गणिका सम जानो दुष्ट राँड़ मसवासी।
निसिदिन अपनों अंजन मंजन करत विषय की रासी॥
परमारथ स्वप्ने नहिं जानत अन्ध बंधी जम फाँसी। (Shri Vyas Vani, Pg. 84)
Description of Spring Season in Vrindavan:
चल चलहिं वृन्दावन वसन्त आयो।
झूलत झूलन के झँवरा मारुत मकरन्द उड़ायो॥
मधुकर कोकिल कीर कोक मिलि कोलाहल उपजायो।
नाचत स्याम बजावत गावत राधा राग जमायो॥
चौबा चंदन बूका बन्द्न लाल गुलाल उड़ायो।
स्याम स्यामिनी की छवि निरखत रोम-रोम सचु पायो॥ (Vyas Vani, Pg. 415)
Description of Monsoons in Vrindavan:
आजु कछु कुंजन में वर्षा सी।
बादल दल में देखि सखी री चमकति है चपला सी॥
नान्हीं नान्हीं बूंदनि कछु धुरवा से बहै सुखरासी।
मंद मंद गरजनि सी सुनियत नाचती मोर सभा सी॥
इंद्रधनुष बग पंगत डोलति ,बोलति कोक-कला सी।
इन्द्र वधू छवि छाइ रही ,मनु गिरि पर अरुन घटा सी॥
उमगि मही रूह सेमहि फूली भूली मृग माला सी।
रटत व्यास चातक ज्यों रसना रस पीवत हूँ प्यासी॥ (Shri Vyas Vani, Pg. 392)
Songs based on the literature written by Shri Hariram Vyas were written around 504 years ago.
Legends
One of the stories about Hariram Vyas was told by the court pandit of Orchha. Coming to Vrindavan, Swami Hariram Vyas found the association of Hit Harivansh Goswami and fell in love with Vrindavan and Radha Krishna. He decided to give up material life and stay in the Dham and do bhajan and so sent word to the king of Orcha. The king implored him to return to do his worldly duties at the court.
“What is better, acting for one's own benefit or for the benefit of a great number of people in society?” The king challenged. “Is not your wish to remain in Vrindavan merely your own selfish desire?”
Hariram Vyas accepted the king's logic, but his heart could not agree. He said, “You are right, but I will only go if my friend Hit Harivams Goswami, allows me to go, for it is from him that the desire to stay here has come.” His response to the king is mentioned in the following doha.
वृंदावन के रूख हमारे माता पिता सुत बंधा।
गुरु गोविंद साधुगति मति सुख, फल फूलन की गंधा||
इनहिं पीठि दै अनत डीठि करै सो अंधान में अंधा।
व्यास इनहिं छोड़ै और छुड़ावै ताको परियो कंधा||
The king sent ministers to the Goswami and Harivans did indeed tell Hariram Vyas to tend to his worldly duties until they released him. This upset Hariram, who had become attached to his life of musical devotion, writing poetry and absorption in Radha and Krishna's name, forms and pastimes. Devastated, he began to prepare to leave the Dham.
As one last act in the Dham, the tearful Hariram came to the Radha Vallabha temple that had already closed after the midday meal. There he saw a sweeper woman standing at the doorstep with a leaf plate of prasadam from Radha Vallabha. When Hariram saw her and the prasad, he immediately begged some of it from her, and she reluctantly ceded some of her touched food to the Brahmin.
The minister and envoys from Orcha were there waiting for Hariram to finish his prayers and get on their way, but when they saw him taking food from an outcaste woman, they concluded that he had lost his caste, and returned without him.
When Shri Hariram Vyas Ji felt that Kabirdas Ji has not been able to obtain Braj Ras.
Although he was already Sidha Rasik Saint, and he often used to see the divine leelas of Yugal Sarkar, (but just to teach us a lesson that even a small Bhakta Apradh can almost destroy the complete sadhna of a sadhak) once he felt that “Kabir Das hardly understood the Braj Ras (Bliss of Braj)”. He cast aspersions on the integrity of Shree Kabir Das Ji and thought that Kabir Das has not been able to achieve the topmost bliss of Braj. As soon as he thought of this, he could no longer see the divine pastimes of Radha Krishna. Hit Harivansh Mahaprabhu concluded that Shri Krishna can never tolerate the offense towards his saints. Hari Ram Vyas Ji felt sorry and on the advice of his master "Hit Harivansh Mahaprabhu”, Vyas Ji wrote a few lines in praise of Kabirdas which are as such:
"कलि में सांचो भक्त कबीर ।
जबते हरि चरणन रति उपजि, तब ते बुनयो न चीर ।
दियो लेत न जांचै कबहूँ, ऐसो मन को धीर ।
जोगी, जती, तपी, सन्यासी, मिटी ना मन की पीड़ ।
पाँच तत्त्व ते जन्म न पायो, काल न ग्रसो शरीर ।
व्यास भक्त को खेत जुलाहों, हरि करुणामय नीर ।"
Vyas Ji saw in his visions that Kabir Das is manifesting from Yamuna Ji and Shri Krishna is following him and he again composed two lines which Shri Krishna himself composed of Kabir Das in his visions :
"मन ऐसा निरमल भया जैसे गंगा नीर ।
पीछे-पीछे हरि फिरैं कहत कबीर-कबीर ॥ "
Commentary on caste and social order
Upper caste Hindus and Brahmins often take great pride in their caste and are particular about things like janeu (holy thread), but Vyas ji was free from these notions even though he was born in a highly respected rajguru brahmin family. Compared to true devotion (bhakti), he not only considered caste unimportant, but also a complete waste of time and energy. He advised people to drop the pride of caste and devote one's life in true bhakti. He held that a lower caste person who finds true devotion is far better than lakhs of Brahmins devoid of true devotion because while they are themselves asleep and lost, they claim to awaken and show the way to others.
Vyas Ji didn't seem to care to know identity of fellow Hari-bhakts and freely took prasad from one and all. This is mentioned in one of the dohas written by him:
स्वान प्रसादे छुइ गयो, कौआ गयो बिटारि।
दोउ पावन 'व्यास' कें, कह भागोत बिचारि॥
'व्यास' रसिक जन ते बड़े, ब्रज तजि अनत न जायँ।
वृन्दावन के स्वपच लों, जूठनि मांगे खाय॥
'व्यास' मिठाई विप्र की, तामें लागे आग।
वृन्दावन की स्वपच की, जूठनि खेये माँग॥
By abandoning practice of untouchability and caste-divide Vyas Ji went against the social norms of his times and had to face wrath and disdain of many sections of the society. But he refused to be moved by such treatment. When people appealed that he respect the caste system and uphold the place of Brahmins he fearlessly said-
'व्यास'हिं ब्राह्मण जिन गनों, हरि-भक्तन कौ दास।
राधावल्लभ कारनै, सहयों जगत उपहास॥26॥
जासों लोग अधर्म कहत हैं, सोई धर्म है मेरौ।
लोग दहिने मारग लाग्यो, हौंब चलत हों डेरों।x
जिनकी ये सब छोति करत हैं, तिनहि के हों चेरों॥230॥
Later life and death
Vyas Ji continued to stay in Vrindavan for the remainder of his life and remained immersed in Radha Krishn bhakti and produced many works. During his stay he also established Jugal Kishore temple. The temple was built with the help of Orchha king Madhukar Shah. The idols remained in the temple for many years but in order to protect the idols from a Mughal invasion, devotees shifted the idols to Panna. These idols are still placed in Old Jugal Kishore temple in Panna which is now in Madhya Pradesh.
The exact year of his death is not known but Vyas Ji's samadhi sthal constructed by Orchha prince Veersingh Dev can still be found in Vrindavan.
References
Indian male poets
Indian male classical musicians
16th-century Indian poets
16th-century Indian musicians
16th-century male writers
Songlines is the fifth studio album by American slide guitarist Derek Trucks and his group the Derek Trucks Band. This is the group's first studio album to feature an expanded sextet.
Track listing
"Volunteered Slavery" (Rahsaan Roland Kirk) – 2:05
"I'll Find My Way" (Trucks, Jay Joyce) – 4:23
"Crow Jane" (Skip James) – 3:53
"Sahib Teri Bandi/Maki Madni" (Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan) – 9:53
"Chevrolet" (Ed Young, Lonnie Young) – 2:24
"Sailing On" (Toots Hibbert) – 3:47
"Revolution" (Jay Joyce) – 3:08
"I'd Rather Be Blind, Crippled and Crazy" (Darryl Carter, Charles Hodges, Don Robey) – 4:33
"All I Do" (Trucks, Mike Mattison, Todd Smallie, Yonrico Scott, Kofi Burbridge) – 6:31
"Mahjoun" (Trucks) – 2:27
"I Wish I Knew (How It Would Feel To Be Free)" (Dick Dallas, Billy Taylor) – 4:07
"This Sky" (Trucks, Mike Mattison, Jay Joyce) – 6:31
Personnel
Derek Trucks - guitars, dobro
Yonrico Scott - drums, percussion, backing vocals
Todd Smallie - bass, vocal
Kofi Burbridge - organ, piano, clavinet, flute, backing vocals
Mike Mattison - lead vocalist
Count M'Butu - percussion, vocals
Additional keyboards performed by Jay Joyce.
Production and crew
Production: Jay Joyce
Recording: Jay Joyce, Giles Reaves, Jason Hall
Mixing: Jay Joyce, with Jason Hall
Mastering: Jim Demaine
Booking: Wayne Forte
Management: Blake Budney
Art Direction / Design: Josh Cheuse
Cover Design and illustration: Jeff Wood
Photography: James Minchin
Setlist illustration: Yonrico Scott
References
External links
[ Allmusic]
Derek Trucks albums
2006 albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums produced by Jay Joyce
The men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 21 and 23 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Heats
21 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 21 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
References
3000 metres steeplechasechase
Steeplechase at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Dosta! a Romani and Serbo-Croatian word meaning "enough", is a Council of Europe awareness raising campaign which aims to bring non-Roma closer to Roma citizens by breaking down the barriers caused by prejudices and stereotypes.
History of Dosta!
The Dosta! campaign began as part of a wider Council of Europe and European Commission Joint Program called "Equal Rights and Treatment for Roma in South Easter Europe".
It has been implemented in the following countries in 2006 and 2007:
Albania
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Montenegro
the Republic of Serbia
"Republic of Macedonia"
Originally launched as a regional campaign, “Dosta!” sparked the interest of other Council of Europe Member States and consequently, other states have joined or created partnerships:
Ukraine
Moldova
Italy
Romania
Croatia
Slovenia
Latvia
Bulgaria
France
Dosta!-Congress Prize for Municipalities
The “DOSTA!-Congress Prize for municipalities” was launched in 2007 by the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities and the Dosta! Campaign as part of their ongoing work to strengthen the role of local authorities in the field of Roma and minority rights' protection. “Dosta” is a Romani word meaning “enough”.
This Prize is awarded every two years to municipalities from Council of Europe member states that have implemented innovative and creative initiatives to effectively ensure the long-term integration of the Roma communities within their borders, while respecting the diversity of these communities and ensuring their active participation in local democratic life.
The top three projects receive the Dosta!-Congress Prize for Municipalities during a ceremony organised on the occasion of the Congress Plenary Session which takes place at the headquarters of the Council of Europe in Strasbourg.
Winners
The 1st edition of the Dosta!-Congress Prize was held in 2007 and opened to South-Eastern European members only. Three cities were rewarded for their involvement in favor of Roma inclusion:
Vitez (Bosnia and Herzegovina): 1st Prize
Banja Luka (Bosnia and Herzegovina): 2nd Prize
Novi Sad (Serbia): 3rd Prize
Since its 2nd edition, the Dosta!-Congress Prize has been opened to all the municipalities from the 47 Council of Europe member states. Thus, for the 2008 edition of the Prize, four municipalities were rewarded:
Mostar and Prijedor (Bosnia Herzegovina): 1st joint Prize
Volos (Greece): 2nd Prize
Lom (Bulgaria): 3rd Prize
The 3rd edition of the Dosta!-Congress Prize was held in 2011 and again four communities have been awarded for their involvement:
City of Jyväskylä (Finland) and Surčin, City of Belgrade (Serbia): 1st joint Prize
Comunidad de Madrid (Spain): 2nd Prize
Southwark Council, Greater London (United Kingdom): 3rd Prize
In 2013, the 4th Dosta!-Congress Prize has been awarded to three local and regional authorities which were distinguished for their participatory and innovative work in combating anti-Gypsyism and promoting the inclusion of Roma in political and social life. Winners were:
Obrnice (Czech Republic): 1st Prize
Heraklion (Greece): 2nd Prize
Regional authority of Kocaeli Province (Turkey): 3rd Prize
The 5th edition of the Dosta!-Congress Prize will be held in 2015. Awarded authorities will receive their Prize during a ceremony on the occasion of the Congress' 29th Plenary Session which will take place at the Council of Europe in Strasbourg in October 2015.
Other sources
Strengethening Roma Rights
Dosta! (http://www.dosta.org/)
References
Council of Europe Dosta! Page
Council of Europe
Congress of the Council of Europe
Romani advocacy
Romani in Europe
Fearon may refer to:
People
Edward Fearon (1859–1933), Canadian politician and rancher
George R. Fearon (1883–1976), President pro tem of the New York State Senate 1931–1932
Henry Fearon (1802–1885), an English clergyman
James Fearon, American political scientist
James S. Fearon, Chairman of the Shanghai Municipal Council
Joel Fearon (born 1988), British sprinter and bobsledder
John Turner Fearon (1869–1937), first editor of the Sunday Mercury
Prof Kenneth Fearon (1960-2016), Scottish cancer specialist
Megan Fearon (born 1991), British politician
Phil Fearon (born 1956), British record producer
Ray Fearon (born 1967), British stage actor
William Robert Fearon (1892–1959), Irish politician and academic
Other
Fearon Publishers, a US publishing company based in Belmont, California
R v Fearon, a Supreme Court of Canada case on warrantless search of cellphones
Estadio Roy Fearon, a football (soccer) stadium in Puerto Barrios, Izabal, Guatemala
See also
Feron, a Marvel comics character
Louise Féron, a French singer
English-language surnames
Jitu (, also Romanized as Jītū and Jūtū) is a village in Filestan Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,774, in 459 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Jitu is one of the good manual tester.
Enrique Flores Magón (13 April 1877 – 28 October 1954) was a Mexican journalist and politician, associated with the Mexican Liberal Party and anarchism. His name is most frequently linked with that of his elder brother, Ricardo Flores Magón, and the political philosophy they espoused, magonismo. Another brother was Jesús Flores Magón.
Biography
He was born in Teotitlán del Camino
(since renamed Teotitlán de Flores Magón) in the state of Oaxaca on 13 April 1877,
to Margarita Magón and Teodoro Flores, a Nahua who had fought in Benito Juárez's Liberal Army.
At an early age the family relocated to Mexico City. He was a student in the capital in 1884 when demonstrations broke out against the third re-election of President Porfirio Díaz.
By 1902 he and his brother Ricardo, working on the anti-Díaz broadsheet El Hijo del Ahuizote, were arrested and incarcerated in the military prison at Santiago Tlatelolco. While in prison the brothers explored the ideas of writers such as Kropotkin, Faure, Errico Malatesta, Maxim Gorki, and Proudhon and discussed the possibility of disseminating anarchist ideas in Mexico.
Upon their release from prison in January 1903, the brothers returned to publishing El Hijo del Ahuizote and, on 5 February of that year, Enrique Flores Magón drew a banner declaring "The Constitution is Dead", which they hung in front of its offices.
On 2 April 1903, they and other liberals stormed a pro-Díaz demonstration and succeeded in turning it into an anti-Díaz event, calling for the dictator's death. On 11 April Enrique Flores Magón was arrested again; he was later released, but subject to a ban on publishing any written materials. As a result, Enrique and Ricardo left Mexico for the United States, arriving in Laredo, Texas in late 1903.
Enrique lived in several cities around the U.S. and Canada, concealing his identity, constantly changing address, and frequently losing contact with Ricardo. In St. Louis, Missouri, he helped draft the platform of the Mexican Liberal Party (PLM).
He recommenced publication in the United States of the newspaper Regeneración,
which the brothers had founded in 1900, and organized a clandestine network for its distribution in Mexico. He continued in these endeavours until 1917, when he left the Organizing Committee of the PLM and the Regeneración editorial team.
Following Ricardo's death in 1922, he returned to Mexico in 1923, where he had a series of disagreements with former magonistas.
In 1933 he helped leaders of the National Agrarian League found the Confederación Campesina Mexicana in San Luis Potosí.
He died in Mexico City on 28 October 1954.
See also
Magonism
References
External links
Mexican journalists
Male journalists
Mexican anarchists
People of the Mexican Revolution
Magonists
Mexican revolutionaries
Mexican democracy activists
1877 births
1954 deaths
People from Oaxaca
Porfiriato
Thordisa lurca is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
Distribution
This species was described from the Caribbean Sea. It has been reported from Brazil.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1967
Taxa named by Eveline Du Bois-Reymond Marcus
Taxa named by Ernst Marcus (zoologist)
This is a list of politicians who also worked as actors and vice versa:
North America
United States
Mexico
Central and South America
Brazil
Argentina
Guatemala
Panama
Europe
Russia
United Kingdom
Asia
India
Japan
Philippines
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Oceania
Australia
New Zealand
See also
List of sportsperson-politicians
Notes
References
Politicians
Actor-politicians
List
is the name of the branch of Jōdo-shū Buddhism that was founded by Hōnen's disciple, Shōkū. Shōkū often went by the name Seizan as well, however the name derives from the western mountains of Kyoto where Shōkū often dwelt. The main temple of this branch of Buddhism is at the temple of Eikandō in the city of Kyoto. The temple formerly served as a Shingon Buddhist temple, but when Jōhen headed the temple, he took an interest in Jōdo Buddhism (originally in order to criticize it), designated Hōnen as the 11th chief priest. Later, Hōnen's disciple became the head priest of Eikan-dō, and established the Seizan branch, fully converting the temple into a Jōdo one.
Doctrine
As a branch of Jōdo, the central practice is devotion to Amida Buddha, and recitation of the nembutsu. Shōkū coined the term shiraki no nembutsu, which refers to a practice where one devotes themselves to intense study of Buddhist literature, and then recites the nembutsu with deep, sincere faith. The idea behind shiraki no nembutsu is to demonstrate that in the age of Mappo, people cannot achieve Enlightenment on their own, and so they should rely on the compassion of Amida Buddha.
Seizan Buddhism also seems to incorporate techniques from the Shingon and Tendai sects including the use of mandala (such as the famous Taima Mandala), and other ascetic practices. Shōkū, its founder, was said to recite the nembutsu 60,000 times a day and would endure other ascetic practices. Unlike some of Hōnen's disciples, such as Kōsai, who attempted to eschew other Buddhist practices in favor of the nembutsu, the Seizan branch attempted to organize all Buddhist practices into a hierarchy, with the nembutsu being the foremost practice. This is a similar approach to that found in Shingon, Tendai and Kegon sects of Buddhism.
In Seizan thought, it is thought that practices other than the nembutsu do contain some merit, but not equal to even one recitation of the nembutsu.
References
External links
Eikandō's official website Contains history of Jōdo Shū, the Seizan branch and Shōkū
Jodo Shu Research Institute (1996-2006). History of Honen's Disciples
Jōdo-shū
Michael Newberry is an American painter based in Idyllwild, California. He is a representational artist, blending a variety of influences, notably Rembrandt and the French Impressionists. His major works are typically life-sized canvases.
Education and early career
He began painting at age 11, after discovering Rembrandt.
He studied fine arts at the University of Southern California from 1974 to 1977 and was mentored by American modernist Edgar Ewing.
Leaving USC before graduating to study at the Royal Academy at the Hague, in the Netherlands, which he attended from 1977–1978, later attending the Free Academy Psychopolis from 1978 to 1981.
Outside of his studies he began creating canvases of life-sized solitary nudes, a practice he continues through to today. Jette
is a good example from this period.
Starting around 1980 Newberry began incorporating realism, quickly followed up by narrative themes such as with this 84 x 60 1984 painting, Pursuit.
Mid-career
Continuing to paint without interruption since his twenties Newberry worked on a series of life sized nudes including Denouement, Ascension Day, Absorption, and Counterpose. These were exhibited in a self-promoted exhibition in Beverly Hills in 1990. After 4 years of teaching at Otis College of Art and Design (then Otis/Parsons), he moved to Rhodes, Greece. Incorporating ancient myths with contemporary people and places he painted Icarus Landing, and he also completed Synergy, Release, and Slipper which were previously begun in Los Angeles and were 7 years in the making.
Briefly living in Florida and then moving to Brooklyn Newberry completed Artemis, 2006, and Venus, 2008 before moving to Santa Monica. There he opened the Newberry Gallery showing artists such as William Wray and Robin Purcell as well as his own works.
Currently Newberry resides in the Los Angeles Arts District.
Major works
https://web.archive.org/web/20101217200608/http://michaelnewberry.com/art/fig/pw/Promethia.jpg
Pursuit, 1984
Puccini, 1986
Denouement, 1989
Absorption, 1990
Ascension Day, 1990
Ascension Night, 1990
Blithe, 1990
Counterpose, 1990
Pastels, 1991
The Slipper, 1999
The Waterfall, 1999
The Gift, 2000
Self-Portrait Nude, 2001
Icarus Landing, 2001
Artemis, 2006
Venus, 2008
Teaching
He taught figure drawing, composition, and painting at the Otis/Parsons Institute in Los Angeles from 1990 to 1994.
Published writings
Newberry is author of four books. Evolution Through Art (2021), Newberry Color Theory: Integration—The Secret to Great Color Theory (2021), Art: Modern, Postmodern, and Beyond: A Brief Overview of Why the Art World Has Become Trivial and A Manifesto with Stephen R. C. Hicks (2021), and Pandora's Box and Other Essays: Postmortem on Postmodern Art and the Spirit of Eudaemonia That Will Replace It (2022). Newberry has published reviews of contemporary artists, along with criticism of Postmodern Art. Aesthetic Commentary by Michael Newberry: a small collection of published reviews and criticism.
Advocacy
He created and organized the Foundation for the Advancement of Art, which held a conference "Innovation, Substance, Vision: The Future of Art" at the Pierre Hotel in Manhattan on October 6, 2003, featuring speakers: philosophers Stephen Hicks and David Kelley, vision scientist Jan Koenderick, and sculptor Martine Vaugel. The mission of the Foundation was to recognize and promote innovative, contemporary representational painters and sculptors.
Criticism
Rockford University philosopher Dr. Stephen Hicks writes: "Newberry's work speaks to the senses, the intellect, and the passions of those who do not need the judgment of history to tell them what is great"
About Icarus Landing, Hicks writes: "the thematic elements are so rich – reversing both the Greek and Christian messages: success following boldness rather than failure following boldness; and a quietly confident success rather than suffering and sacrifice."
In an introductory essay to the Newberry Archive (an online compendium of Newberry's works), the archive's creator Brett Holverstott explores how Rembrandt's Danae is a precedent for Newberry's Denouement.
References
External links
Online archive of Michael Newberry's works
Michael Newberry's website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Artists from Santa Monica, California
USC Roski School of Fine Arts alumni
USC Trojans men's tennis players
Royal Academy of Art, The Hague alumni
20th-century American male artists
Martin Hayes (1 September 1890 - 27 September 1967) was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Dublin senior team.
Hayes joined the team during the 1917 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1928 championship. During that time he won three All-Ireland medals and four Leinster medals.
At club level Hayes was a four-county club championship medallist with Faughs.
References
1890 births
1967 deaths
Faughs hurlers
Dublin inter-county hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Philippsreut is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the border with the Czech Republic.
The village was founded in 1692 by Johann Philipp von Lamberg, Bishop of Passau, originally under the name Kleinphilippsreut ("Small Philip's Glade"), which name lasted until 1936. In times of founding it used to be a drinking station on the middle branch of the so-called "Golden Trail" (), an important medieval trade route connecting Bavaria and Bohemia. When trade on the Golden Trail gradually disappeared (during the first half of the 18th century), the village remained a poor mountainous settlement, whose inhabitants lived – like the other peoples in the Bavarian/Bohemian Forest – mainly from logging and glassmaking. Today, main source of livelihood is tourism.
Despite its negligible size and remote location, Philippsreut has very good transport connections: here ends the Bundesstraße (federal highway) B12 and is continued on the Czech side by the silnice I/4 (road of 1st class) which heads towards Prague.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Populated places established in 1692
Robat Mil (, also Romanized as Robāţ Mīl and Robāţ-e Mīl; also known as Marān and Robāţ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 967, in 279 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Hemen Gupta was an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter in Hindi language films and Bengali language films.
Early life
Hemen Gupta was born on 21 March 1914, in Rajmahal, Jharhand, India. His father, Purnanand Gupta, worked in the State Treasury Office and for several years, was posted in Dhaka, Bangladesh, where Hemen spent his early childhood. His siblings were brothers Jogen, Biren, Rabin, Nripen and sister Amiya.
Hemen grew up in a very large joint family, together with several uncles, aunts and cousins. He was a good student and completed his high school and undergrad college studies in Dhaka, where he graduated with academic honors. After his undergrad, he moved to Calcutta (now Kolkata) in West Bengal, India.
In Calcutta, he was actively involved in the national revolutionary movement to obtain freedom from British Rule. He joined the youth wing of the local Congress Party in 1928 and was drawn into what the British authorities considered subversive activities.
In1931, he was arrested by the British police and convicted on two charges.
1) for alleged complicity in the murder of the Midnapore District Magistrate, Mr. James Peddy and Robert Douglas
2) for his active participation in the Dacca-Assam Mail Train Robbery Case.
He spent jail terms at, Hijli Jail (now part of Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, West Bengal), Buxar jail (in the state of Bihar) and Deoli jail (in the state of Rajasthan) from 1932 to 1938.
As collateral and punitive damage, his extended family also got incarcerated, whereby several members lost their government jobs and pension benefits. Their family printing business was also forced to shut down.
Professional life
His major work includes Anand Math (1952), Kabuliwala (1961).
During his jail term, he developed a keen interest in the art and science of film making, which was a new medium of mass communication in those days. While in jail, he resumed academic studies and earned his master's degree in History. Immediately upon his release from prison, he worked in close association with the India's celebrated leader Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, as his personal secretary. In 1939 he started his film career by joining the renowned New Theatres film studios, Calcutta, as a helper in the studio's costume department. He was later promoted to becoming an Assistant Film Director.
In 1943, he got his break as a Director, with his first feature film titled “Dwanda” (Conflict). From 1943 to 1949, he directed seven feature films, mostly in Bengali language. The themes of several of his films were based on India's freedom movement and he drew upon his personal experiences as a radical activist and the years he spent in prison. Most notable amongst these films, was “42” (“Biyallish” in Bengali), Due to its controversial political content, the film was initially rejected by the Board of Film Censors, but later allowed to be released. It is widely considered to be a milestone film, depicting the Quit India Movement in a village in Bengal, India. It has won universal acclaim and continues to be a perennial favorite amongst that genre of patriotic films. In Calcutta, he introduced film actor Pradeep Kumar Batabyal, music director Hemanta Mukherjee and cameraman Ajoy Kar (who later became a film director).
In 1950, he migrated to Bombay to pursue his film career there. His first film in Bombay was produced by Mr. Sasadhar Mukerji and titled “Anand Math”. This was also a patriotic film based on a novel by the renowned Bengali author Bankim Chandra Chatterji. He also brought his protégés and key technical team from Kolkata to Bombay. His next film titled Ferry (Kashti in Hindi) in 1952, was a love story that starred Dev Anand and Geeta Bali. It was the official entry from India at the Moscow Film festival.
From 1951 to 1967, Hemen directed seven feature films that were released and three films that remained unfinished, due to his untimely demise. The most acclaimed among them was the film “Kabuliwala' based on a story by Nobel Laureate author Rabindranath Tagore. It was released in 1961 and it received a silver medal at the Indian National Film awards. (See external link at the end of this article for additional interesting write up and photographs related to Hemen Gupta).
Filmography
Director
Producer
Screenwriter
References
External links
https://cinemaazi.com/feature/hemen-gupta-his-life-and-times
Film producers from Mumbai
Hindi film producers
Hindi-language film directors
Bengali film directors
Film directors from Mumbai
Indian Hindus
20th-century Indian film directors
Indian male screenwriters
Screenwriters from Mumbai
Hindi screenwriters
1967 deaths
The 2015 ICC Awards were awards presented in ten categories by the ICC to international cricket players.
The awards covered and took into account players' performance between 18 September 2014 and 13 September 2015.
Selection Committee
Both of the ICC World XI Teams were chosen by a specially appointed selection panel, known as the ICC Selection Committee and chaired by ICC Cricket Hall of Famer Anil Kumble.
Selection Committee members:
Anil Kumble (chairman)
Ian Bishop
Mark Butcher
Belinda Clark
Gundappa Viswanath
Award categories and winners
Cricketer of the Year
Steve Smith
Test Player of the Year
Steve Smith
ODI Player of the Year
AB de Villiers
Twenty20 International Performance of the Year
Faf du Plessis, for scoring 119 runs off 56 deliveries against the West Indies at Wanderers Stadium in Johannesburg on 11 January 2015
Emerging Player of the Year
Josh Hazlewood
Associate Player of the Year
Khurram Khan
Umpire of the Year
Richard Kettleborough
Women's ODI Cricketer of the Year
Meg Lanning
Women's T20I Cricketer of the Year
Stafanie Taylor
Spirit of Cricket
Brendon McCullum, whose sportsmanship was noted by the ICC, particularly after the 2015 Cricket World Cup semi-final against South Africa on 24 March 2015
ICC World XI Teams
ICC Test Team of the Year
Alastair Cook was selected as the captain of the Test Team of the Year, with Sarfaraz Ahmed selected as the wicket-keeper. Other players are:
David Warner
Alastair Cook
Kane Williamson
Younis Khan
Steve Smith
Joe Root
Sarfaraz Ahmed
Stuart Broad
Trent Boult
Yasir Shah
Josh Hazlewood
Ravichandran Ashwin (12th man)
ICC ODI Team of the Year
AB de Villiers was selected as the captain of the ODI Team of the Year, with Kumar Sangakkara selected as the wicket-keeper. Other players are:
Tillakaratne Dilshan
Hashim Amla
Kumar Sangakkara
AB de Villiers
Steve Smith
Ross Taylor
Trent Boult
Mohammed Shami
Mitchell Starc
Mustafizur Rahman
Imran Tahir
Joe Root (12th man)
See also
International Cricket Council
ICC Awards
Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy (Cricketer of the Year)
ICC Test Player of the Year
ICC ODI Player of the Year
David Shepherd Trophy (Umpire of the Year)
ICC Women's Cricketer of the Year
ICC Test Team of the Year
ICC ODI Team of the Year
References
International Cricket Council awards and rankings
2015 sports awards
ICC Awards
The Neulengbach earthquake of 1590 occurred on 15 September shortly before midnight amidst a long series of much weaker seismic activity starting on 29 June and with aftershocks reported until 12 November. It was the strongest historically documented earthquake in what today is Northeastern Austria.
Epicenter and seismology
The epicenter is believed to have been located southeast of Neulengbach, about 30–40 km west of Vienna, in a flat dipping and North-South striking thrust fault that is part of the Vienna Transform fault zone. This moderately-active fault system extends over a distance of some 300 km from the Northern Limestone Alps through the Vienna Basin into the West Carpathian Mountains. The earthquake's magnitude is estimated at 6.06±0.47 and it had class VII intensity on the modified Mercalli intensity scale in most of Lower Austria.
Damage
Significant destruction occurred in Vienna, which at this time had about 50,000 inhabitants living within a fortified and densely urban area that covered what today is the innermost city center. The upper half of St. Michael's church tower collapsed in spite of its steel reinforcements, the Scottish Abbey was severely damaged, and the Southern tower of St. Stephen's Cathedral suffered as well. At this time it was not customary to document damage to property that did not serve sacral purposes or was directly used by the aristocracy, and very little information has survived concerning the destruction and harm inflicted on ordinary citizens. Therefore, the fact that the death of nine people in a collapsing traveller's hostel was specifically mentioned in the chronicles suggests that the number of urban casualties cannot have been significant.
At Zwentendorf, 40 km to the North of the presumed epicenter, the local parish church was so heavily damaged that it became unusable. (Exposure of this particular area to seismic risk played a significant role in the public debate that erupted in the 1970s concerning plans for the Zwentendorf Nuclear Power Plant.) Vaults and roofs collapsed at the Mauerbach Charterhouse West of Vienna, and many fortifications in Lower Austria (e.g., at Sieghartskirchen and Altlengbach) needed substantial repair.
Apparently, the seismic event propagated far along the Vienna Transform fault but did not extend southward of the Alps. Strong shocks were reported from up to 300 km to the North of the epicenter, at places such as Abertham in the westernmost part of Bohemia and Frankenstein in Silesia where the slightly leaning city tower can still be seen.
Implications for current seismic risk
Today, the area that was most heavily affected by the 1590 Neulengbach earthquake has a population of over 2.5 million and accounts for almost half of Austria's economic output. A 2007 study by the reinsurance company Munich Re estimated a damage potential of €10–15 billion in private property alone should a comparable event occur again.
See also
List of historical earthquakes
Notes
References
Hammerl C: An example of historical research and methodology of earthquake sources applied to the event of 15 September 1590, in: Workshop of historical seismicity of central-eastern mediterranean region. ENEA CRE Casaccia (Rome 1987) p. 95–112
Gutdeutsch R, Hammerl C, Mayer I, Vocelka K: Erdbeben als historisches Ereignis. Die Rekonstruktion des Bebens von 1590 in Niederösterreich. Ed.: Springer Verlag Wien, Heidelberg, New York, 1987,
Earthquakes in Austria
16th-century earthquakes
1590
1590 in science
1590 in the Holy Roman Empire
Archduchy of Austria
James Cerretani and Philipp Oswald were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Máximo González and Fabrício Neis won the title after defeating Rameez Junaid and Ruan Roelofse 6–3, 7–6(7–4) in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
Main Draw
Marburg Open - Doubles
2017 Doubles
Candy Store is the ninth studio album by Dutch saxophonist Candy Dulfer. The album was released in 2007 by Heads Up and was produced by Dulfer and Dave Love.
Candy Store reached No. 2 on the Billboard magazine Top Contemporary Jazz chart. The song "L.A. Citylights" reached No. 1 in Smooth Jazz National Airplay charts in the United States. At AllMusic, Jonathan Widran called the album "one of contemporary jazz's finest and funkiest releases of 2007."
Track listing
"Candy" (Chance Howard) – 4:11
"L.A. Citylights" (Bank, Dulfer, Howard) – 3:45
"Music = Love" (Bank, Bed, Dulfer) – 3:54
"La Cabana" (Bank, Dulfer) – 3:03
"11:58" (Bank, Bed, Dulfer) – 4:02
"Summertime" (Bank, Bed, Dulfer) – 4:28
"Soulsax" (Bank, Bed, Dulfer) – 4:24
"Smokin' Gun" (Bed) – 4:51
"Back to Juan" (Bank, Bed, Dulfer, Howard) – 4:27
"If I Ruled the World" (Bank, Bed, Dulfer) – 4:43
"Everytime" (Bank, Bed, Dulfer) – 4:32
Bonus track on US release
12. "Finsbury Park, Cafe 67 (2007 Version)" (Bank, Dulfer, Gert Jan Mulder) – 4:03
Bonus tracks on Europe release
13. "My Philosophy" – 3:54"
14. "Bum Bum" – 3:52"
Personnel
Candy Dulfer – saxophone, keyboards, vocals
Louk Boudesteijn – trombone
Jan van Duikeren – trumpet
Thomas Bank – keyboards
Ulco Bed – bass guitar, guitar
Manuel Hugas – bass guitar
John Blackwell – drums
Kasper van Kooten – drums
Chance Howard – background vocals
Trijntje Oosterhuis – background vocals
References
2007 albums
Candy Dulfer albums
Heads Up International albums
Brow's Tavern is a historic tavern (now a private residence) at 211 Tremont Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built circa 1780 and enlarged circa 1800. It is reputed to have once been a tavern on the Bristol Path (now known as Tremont Street).
The house was originally a five-bay Cape Cod style house with a narrow doorway with a transom. It was expanded to the west.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The original doors have since been replaced. Some of the original wood details have also been removed.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Rociu is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Gliganu de Jos, Gliganu de Sus, Rociu and Șerbănești.
History
The oldest relics come from the Bronze Age, from Șerbănești village. Then, much later, the village Gliganu is mentioned, on June 12, 1564. The village belonged to a boyar from Rucăr. According to the same source, all four villages are mentioned after 1830.
In the Communist period, the commune received a strong impulse for economic growth: A 25 km long irrigation canal was built to drain water from the Argeș River. Rociu received special attention because there was built a farm of the Communist Party.
Location
Rociu is situated in the southern part of Argeș County, in the Găvanu-Burdea plains. It is situated 25 to 30 kilometers from Pitești, the main town of the county. The average altitude is 240 meters.
Villages
There are 4 villages: Rociu, Gliganu de Jos, Gliganu de Sus and Șerbănești.
Geography
The Găvanu-Burdea plain is a flat region, with large and fertile valleys. Rociu is situated close to the Dâmbovnic River (sometimes called Dâmbovnic or Drâmbovnic). There are a few smaller rivers that are dry in summer, like Mozacu River and Gliganu River. There are many small lakes, used for fishing.
Climate
Rociu has a temperate climate, like all Romanian villages. Usually, summers are hot and winters have frequent winds.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the commune has 3014 people, of which 2968 are Romanians and 46 are Roma people. Also, the population is dramatically aged: 40% are older than 60 years, and children are only 12% of the total population. 99% are Orthodox.
Transportation
There are a few county roads that link the commune with Pitești and the nearby villages:
DJ503 links Rociu with Oarja and the A1 Motorway. It is asphalted from the motorway to Rociu. The road continues South to Giurgiu, but it is unasphalted.
DJ659 links Rociu north with Suseni, Bradu and Pitești and to the south it continues to Negrași, Videle and Giurgiu. It is asphalted.
DJ703b is unasphalted and links Rociu to Costești in the west and to Căteasca in the east.
The communal roads link the villages one to another:
DC104 links DJ659 (in Gliganu de Jos) with DJ 503 (in Rociu village) and then extends West to Căteasca. It is asphalted between Gliganu and Rociu.
DC106 links the centre of Rociu village with Șerbănești village and DJ659. It was recently asphalted.
Economy
There are no major firms in the area. The main occupation is agriculture. There are two major agricultural companies, a few mills, a small pig farm, a paper factory and a lot of small markets and pubs that provide the population with daily goods. There is a fair every Tuesday.
Since the economy is based on agriculture, the old irrigation canal might still be used. Today, it only brings water to local fishing lakes.
Institutions
The town hall is located in the Rociu village. Near the town hall are the post office and the Veterinarian and Human services. Not far away is the politic centre, of the Social Democratic Party. There is a school and a church in each village.
Environmental problems
Upstream, on the Dîmbovnic River, is an important oil refinery, the Arpechim Refinery. Since its construction, nearly all the toxic waste was released in the river. In 2005, the situation was so bad, that water in the fountains was no longer drinkable, even for animals. The only solution to provide water for the inhabitants and their animals was to use the deep freatic waters (about 200 meters deep) and to build an extensive system of water pipes to every house. Today, the river is only occasionally polluted and even fish have reappeared after more than 50 years.
Tourism
Rociu is not a tourist destination and has no hotels or camp sites. However, not far away, in Negrași is a protected area, the Negrași Daffodil Meadow.
There is an old church in Șerbănești village, that is considered a touristic objective.
Unofficial resort?
The commune has multiple access routes (see #Transportation). Being situated more than 25 km from any big city, Rociu has very clean air. The water is pumped from 150 to 200 meters deep and is of very good quality (see #Environmental problems). According to the Argeș County police, violent incidents are very rare and there are no major conflicts. Houses and terrains can be found (to buy or to rent) at very small costs. All these facts create conditions for elderly people to come and settle in Rociu and nearby villages after they retire from work. This population migration partially explains the population dynamics mentioned above, in #Demographics.
References
External links
Official site
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
In molecular biology, YgbB is a protein domain. This entry makes reference to a number of proteins from eukaryotes and prokaryotes which share this common N-terminal signature and appear to be involved in terpenoid biosynthesis. The YgbB protein is a putative enzyme thought to aid terpenoid and isoprenoid biosynthesis, a vital chemical in all living organisms. This protein domain is part of an enzyme which catalyses a reaction in a complex pathway.
Function
The YgbB protein domain has a main function of being involved in terpenoid and isoprenoid biosynthesis.
Biochemistry
MECDP (2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 2,4-cyclodiphosphate) synthetase, an enzyme in the non-mevalonate pathway of isoprenoid synthesis, isoprenoids being essential in all organisms. Isoprenoids can also be synthesized through the mevalonate pathway. The non-mevolante route is used by many bacteria and human pathogens, including Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Plasmodium falciparum. This route appears to involve seven enzymes. MECDP synthetase catalyses the intramolecular attack by a phosphate group on a diphosphate, with cytidine monophosphate (CMP) acting as the leaving group to give the cyclic diphosphate product MEDCP. The enzyme is a trimer with three active sites shared between adjacent copies of the protein. The enzyme also has two metal binding sites, the metals playing key roles in catalysis.
References
Protein domains
"Madame" Marie Aioe Dorion Venier Toupin (ca. 1786 – September 5, 1850) was the only female member of an overland expedition sent by Pacific Fur Company to the Pacific Northwest in 1810. Like her first husband, Pierre Dorion Jr., she was Métis. Her mother was of the Iowa people and her father was French Canadian. She was also known as Marie Laguivoise, a name recorded in 1841 at the Willamette Mission and apparently a variation on Aiaouez, later rendered as Iowa.
Missouri
It is likely that Dorion and Sacajawea knew one another. Peter Stark notes the similarities between the two women in his book Astoria: both women were originally based in the then-small settlement of St. Louis, and they were both wives of interpreters in the burgeoning Missouri fur trade.
Pacific Northwest
Her first husband Pierre Dorion Jr. was hired by the Pacific Fur Company to join Wilson Price Hunt and a group on an overland expedition to Fort Astoria. Also present were their two young boys, who were probably two and four years old. Dorion gave birth to another child near what is now North Powder, Oregon, who died several days later. After reaching Fort Astoria, Dorion and her family returned with a trapping party to the Snake River area. While at a trading post in January 1814, Dorion learned from a scout that her husband and a small trapping party were about to be attacked by a band of Bannocks. After traveling three days alone with her two infant children, she found the scene of the attack. Only one of the trappers, LeClarc, was alive, and was moved away from the area on a horse. Despite Dorion's medical attention for LeClarc, he died that evening.
There were several horses left by the Bannock warriors and were promptly taken by Dorion back to the small fur trading post. However, upon reaching the post, she discovered the few staff had been killed and scalped. Attempting to reach another safe fur trading station in the Pacific Northwest, one of Dorion's two horses collapsed in the Blue Mountains. She supported her two infants for 50 days during winter. Dorion created snare traps out of the horse manes to provide a supply of mice and squirrels for her family. She additionally smoked the horseflesh, collected frozen berries, and later gathered the inner flesh of trees to prevent her family starving. Near the end of March, Dorion was able to progress west, eventually reaching a Walla Walla village, exhausted and short of food. The village leadership provided material support and aided her in getting back to Fort Astoria.
Dorion married twice more and had three more children. Her second husband was Louis Venier. With her third husband, Jean Toupin, she settled near Saint Louis, Oregon, on the French Prairie. It was here that she began to be known as "Madame" or "Madame Iowa". One of her two eldest sons, Jean Baptiste, joined the Oregon Rifles and fought in the Cayuse War.
Death and legacy
After Dorion Venier Toupin died on September 5, 1850, she was buried inside the original log Catholic church in Saint Louis. When the church burned down in 1880 and the current church built, the location of Dorion's grave was forgotten and remains unknown to this day. It was only when the church register was translated from French into English many years after the original church burned down that it was learned that Dorion had been buried there. There is no record of why she received this honor instead of being buried in the nearby cemetery, but church burial requires special dispensation and may have indicated that Dorion was especially devout.
Among the places memorializing Dorion are two parks: Madame Dorion Memorial Park at the mouth of the Walla Walla River near Wallula, Washington, and Marie Dorion Park, a Milton-Freewater, Oregon city park near the foothills of the Blue Mountains. The Dorion Complex residence hall at Eastern Oregon University is in La Grande. There is a plaque noting the place near North Powder where she likely gave birth. Hers is also one of the 158 names of people important to Oregon's history that are painted in the House and Senate chambers of the Oregon State Capitol. Her name is in the Senate chamber. St. Louis, Oregon, has a street named after her, Dorion Lane.
Oregon author Jane Kirkpatrick wrote the Tender Ties trilogy of historical novels based on Dorion's life. The individual titles in the series are A Name of Her Own, Every Fixed Star, and Hold Tight the Thread.
On May 10, 2014, the Daughters of the American Revolution held a service at Saint Louis Catholic Church dedicating a historical marker in Dorion's honor.
See also
Books and journalists that mention Dorion's survival story:
Astoria, by Washington Irving
Gabriel Franchère
Alexander Ross
Red Heroines of the Northwest, by Byron Defenbach, First Printing, August 1929, Caxton Printers, LTD, Caldwell, Idaho
Further reading
Boyer, P. S., James, J. W., James, E. T. (1971). Notable American Women, 1607-1950: A Biographical Dictionary. United Kingdom: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press.
Elliott, T. C. (1935). "The Grave of Madame Dorion". Oregon Historical Quarterly, 36(1), 102–104.
Kirkpatrick, J. (2002). A Name of Her Own. United States: WaterBrook Press.
References
Works cited
External links
"Marie's Descendents" from the Brooks Historical Society Newsletter April 2011
Biography of Jean Baptiste Dorion from Oregon Pioneers
1780s births
1850 deaths
19th-century Native Americans
Burials in Oregon
Indigenous people of the Pacific Northwest
Iowa tribe
American Métis people
People from Marion County, Oregon
Year of birth uncertain
Williams v The Queen was a decision handed down by the High Court of Australia on 26 August 1987, concerning the common law right to personal liberty.
The applicant, Williams, was indicted before the Supreme Court of Tasmania on 29 charges—15 of burglary and 14 of stealing. At the commencement of the trial, counsel for Williams objected to the admission in evidence of a number of records of interview containing confessions allegedly made to the police by Williams. He argued that Williams had been detained unlawfully, because he ought to have been brought before a judge and formally charged as soon as reasonably practicable after his arrest. Instead, he was detained in police custody for 28 hours, and questioned about his role in a variety of burglaries across northern Tasmania. After a voir dire, the trial judge ruled that the records of interview which related to 26 of the charges should not be admitted in evidence, because they were obtained unlawfully through Williams' extended detention. As a result, the trial proceeded with no evidence being tendered by the prosecution in respect of those 26 charges, and the jury was directed to return a verdict of not guilty. Williams pleaded guilty to the remaining three charges.
The Attorney-General for Tasmania appealed to the Tasmanian Court of Criminal Appeal against the applicant's acquittal on the 26 charges. The Court upheld the appeal, and ordered that Williams must be re-tried on the 26 charges. Williams then appealed to the High Court.
The High Court unanimously (5:0) upheld Williams' appeal, finding that, in the absence of a clear statutory power, the police could not detain Williams for longer than it took to take him before a judge, and could not detain him solely for the purpose of questioning him. The purpose of detention in police custody was purely to take an accused before a judge, once the police were reasonably certain a crime had been committed.
Chief Justice Gibbs said: The critical question is whether the arrested person was detained longer than was reasonably necessary to enable him to be brought before a justice. If he is detained for the purpose of enabling him to be brought before a justice, the fact that he is questioned, whether about the offence for which he was arrested, or about other offences, will not necessarily mean that there has been a failure to bring him before a justice as quickly as was reasonably practicable. On the other hand, if he is detained, not for that purpose, but solely for the purpose of questioning him, the detention will be unlawful. The line may be a fine one, as it often is when a discretion has to be exercised in sensitive matters.Justices Mason and Brennan said:The right to personal liberty is, as Fullagar J described it, "the most elementary and important of all common law rights" (Trobridge v Hardy (1955) 94 CLR 147, at p. 152). Personal liberty was held by Blackstone to be an absolute right vested in the individual by the immutable laws of nature and had never been abridged by the laws of England "without sufficient cause" (Commentaries on the Laws of England (Oxford), Bk.1, pp. 120–121, 130–131)... The right to personal liberty cannot be impaired or taken away without lawful authority and then only to the extent and for the time which the law prescribes.Justices Wilson and Dawson said:A person is not to be imprisoned otherwise than upon the authority of a justice or a court except to the extent reasonably necessary to bring him before the justice to be dealt with according to law. That, as we conceive it, it is one of the foundations of the common law.As a result, the decision of the Tasmanian Court of Criminal Appeal was set aside, and the verdict of acquittal on the 26 charges was restored.
There is an onus on a person under Section 34A(1) of the Justices Act 1959 Tasmania, to be brought before a justice as soon as practical once taken into custody for an offence. In the ordinary case of an arrest on suspicion, the arresting officer must have satisfied himself at the time of the arrest that there are reasonable grounds for suspecting the guilt of the person arrested although the grounds of suspicion need not consist of admissible evidence. If the arresting officer believes the information in his possession to be true, if the information reasonably points to the guilt of the arrested person and if the arresting officer thus believes that the arrested person is so likely to be guilty of the offence for which he has been arrested that on general grounds of justice a charge is warranted, he has reasonable and probable cause for commencing a prosecution.
References
External links
[1986] HCA 88, record of proceedings at the Australasian Legal Information Institute website
High Court of Australia cases
1986 in case law
1986 in Australian law
Australian criminal law
Domnești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Domnești.
Natives
Elisabeta Rizea
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Johann Nepomuk Brischar or Johann Nepomucene Brischar (22 August 1819, Horb, Württemberg – 11 April 1897, Bühl) was a Roman Catholic church historian.
Brischar studied theology at the University of Tübingen and was appointed parish priest of Bühl near Rottenburg in 1853, where he died in 1897. His principal work is the continuation of Count Friedrich Leopold zu Stolberg's History of the Religion of Jesus Christ, of which he wrote volumes forty-five to fifty-four, bringing the history up to 1245 CE. His share of the work does not reach the high standard of his great predecessor. He is also the author of a work in two volumes on the controversies between Paolo Sarpi and Pallavicini, and of a monograph on Pope Innocent III. His Catholic Pulpit Orators of Germany in five volumes was published in Schaffhausen in the years 1866-71. He contributed many articles to Herder's Kirchenlexicon.
External links
"Johann Nepomuk Brischar" in Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie
This article incorporates text from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia article "Johann Nepomucene Brischar" by B. Guldner, a publication now in the public domain.
1819 births
1897 deaths
People from Horb am Neckar
19th-century German historians
19th-century German writers
19th-century German male writers
German male non-fiction writers
Chalmers-Wesley United Church is a Protestant church located within the walls of Old Quebec at 78, rue Sainte-Ursule in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. Designed by architect John Wells for the Free Presbyterian Church of Canada, the church was built from 1851-1853 and opened for worship on March 6, 1853. It is particularly admired for its Gothic Revival design.
In 1925, the church became part of the newly formed United Church of Canada. Composer William Reed was notably the church's organist from 1900-1913. In 1931, the congregation of the nearby Wesleyan Methodist Church, which had also become part of The United Church of Canada, merged with Chalmers United Church and was renamed Chalmers-Wesley United Church.
References
External links
Chalmers-Wesley United Church
United Church of Canada churches in Quebec
Churches in Quebec City
Churches completed in 1853
19th-century Presbyterian churches
1853 establishments in Canada
John Wells (architect) buildings
19th-century United Church of Canada church buildings
Gothic Revival architecture in Quebec City
Gothic Revival church buildings in Canada
Devonte Green (born February 2, 1997) is an American professional basketball player for Atomerőmű SE of the Nemzeti Bajnokság I/A . He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers.
Early life and high school career
Green attended Long Island Lutheran Middle and High School at Brookville, New York.
College career
Green played for Indiana Hoosiers from 2016 to 2020. As a junior, he averaged 9.4 points and 3.4 rebounds per game, shooting 41 percent from behind the arc. Following the season, he declared for the 2019 NBA draft, before eventually withdrawing. On December 3, 2019, Green scored a career-high 30 points in an 80–64 win against Florida State. During his senior season, he averaged 10.8 points, 2.7 rebounds, and 2.1 assists per game.
Professional career
Green started his professional career in Greece, where he signed with Charilaos Trikoupis of the Greek Basket League on August 15, 2020.
He entered the 2020 NBA Draft and went undrafted.
On March 2, 2021, Green mutually parted ways with Trikoupis, due to a serious medical condition that he suffered during the season. In 9 GBL games, he averaged 15.3 points, 3.3 rebounds, 2.1 assists, and 0.6 steals with the Greek club.
On November 12, 2021, Green returned to the Greek Basket League, this time signing for Larisa, replacing Josh Fortune. In 21 league games, he averaged 7.9 points, 2 rebounds and 1.1 assists, playing around 19 minutes per contest.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Indiana
| 32 || 3 || 15.2 || .443 || .436 || .706 || 1.8 || 1.1 || .7 || .2 || 4.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Indiana
| 31 || 12 || 22.5 || .364 || .337 || .705 || 1.9 || 2.5 || 1.0 || .2 || 7.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Indiana
| 28 || 9 || 25.1 || .402 || .410 || .736 || 3.4 || 3.0 || 1.4 || .5 || 9.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Indiana
| 29 || 7 || 22.1 || .365 || .358 || .706 || 2.7 || 2.1 || .7 || .2 || 10.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 120 || 31 || 21.1 || .385 || .377 || .713 || 2.4 || 2.1 || .9 || .3 || 8.0
Personal life
Green's brother, Rashad, played for Manhattan College in 2007–08 and the University of San Francisco from 2009 to 2012. His older brother, Danny, plays for Philadelphia 76ers and has won three NBA championships. His second cousins are NBA player Gerald Green and Garlon Green. A first cousin, Jordan Green, played for Texas A&M University. and a third cousin, Willie Green, in the NBA and for Detroit Mercy.
References
External links
Indiana Hoosiers bio
1997 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
Basketball players from New York (state)
Charilaos Trikoupis B.C. players
Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball players
Larisa B.C. players
People from West Babylon, New York
Shooting guards
The geography of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia is characterized by a huge valley — known as the Klang Valley — bordered by the Titiwangsa Mountains in the east, several minor ranges in the north and the south and the Malacca Straits in the west. The name Kuala Lumpur literally means muddy confluence; Kuala Lumpur is located at the confluence of the Klang and Gombak Rivers, facing the Malacca Straits.
Located in the center of Selangor State, Kuala Lumpur was previously under Selangor state government. In 1974, Kuala Lumpur was separated from Selangor to form today's Kuala Lumpur under the Malaysian Federal Government. Its location on the West Coast of Peninsular Malaysia, which has wider flat land than the East Coast, has contributed to its faster development relative to other cities in Malaysia.
The city is currently 243.65 km² (94.07 sq mi) wide, with an average elevation of 21.95 m (72 ft).
Environment
Natural resources
Kuala Lumpur is rich in tin.
Natural hazards
The area is subject to flash flood due to thunderstorms and heavy rain.
Pollution
Kuala Lumpur has moderate pollution compared to other modern cities in the world. Due to the close proximity of the Sumatra Island, dust particles are carried by wind from perennial but transient forest fires, creating a phenomenon known as the haze.
Constituencies
Bukit Bintang is the famous shopping and entertainment district and tourist haven in Kuala Lumpur; the road that runs through it is called Jalan Bukit Bintang.
Titiwangsa
Setiawangsa
Wangsa Maju was a site of the Setapak rubber estate from the 1900s until the 1980s. The township was opened on 1984. Today Wangsa Maju has become one of the largest townships in Kuala Lumpur after Bandar Tun Razak and Bandar Tasik Selatan in Cheras.
Batu
Kepong is located near Selayang in Selangor.
Segambut
Lembah Pantai
Seputeh
Bandar Tun Razak was renamed in the year 1981 by the 4th Prime Minister, Datuk Seri Dr. Mahathir Mohamed. The township was previously known as Kampung Konggo (or Congo Village), as this area was a settlement for a number of former/retired Malaysian army personnel who served in Congo, Africa in the 1960s under the United Nations banner; a number still live in this area.
Cheras covers a large geographic area in the eastern side of Kuala Lumpur.
References
