Alexander Taransky (8 January 1941 – 8 December 2017) was an Australian sports shooter. He competed at the 1968, 1972 and the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was also selected for the Australian Pistol Shooting Team for the 1980 Summer Olympics however the Australian Shooting Team joined the boycott of the Moscow Olympics. He competed at the 1982 Commonwealth Games in Brisbane where he won two gold medals for pistol shooting.
References
External links
1941 births
2017 deaths
Australian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Australia
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Shooters at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
20th-century Australian people
The 2013–14 Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters season is the 24th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Key dates
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
February 26: Ali Peek announced his retirement through Twitter.
Draft picks
Roster
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Game log
Transactions
Trades
Pre-season
Recruited imports
References
TNT Tropang Giga seasons
Talk N Text Tropang Texters Season, 2013-14
is a railway station in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2002
Peter Kwamena Essilfie Bartels (born 27 October 1947) is a Ghanaian politician and former government minister of the New Patriotic Party.
Biography
After graduating from Mfantsipim School in 1968, Bartels was admitted to the University of Ghana, where he studied law. After obtaining his bachelor's degree in 1971, Bartels continued his studies at the Ghana School of Law in order to become a professional lawyer.
In 1979, Bartels first contested for a seat in the Parliament of Ghana, but was defeated by a People's National Party candidate. In 1992, Bartels again stood for election in Agona West constituency, but withdrew after his party boycotted the 1992 election due to alleged electoral fraud. In 1996, Bartels was elected MP for the Ablekuma North constituency. He was the Minister for Works and Housing from 2001 -2004. He subsequently became Minister in charge of Private Sector and PSI (2005-2006), Minister of Information & National Orientation (2006-2007), and Minister of the Interior (2007-2008).
Bartels was fired from the cabinet by President John Kufuor in 2008, allegedly due to his involvement in the missing of forty-two parcels of cocaine which were confiscated by the police, Bartels denied his involvement in that. A lot of senior NPP members said he was sacked because of his support for his close friend the then Candidate Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, they claim the then president Kufour wanted Bartels to use his influence in the Central Region to garner votes for Alan Kyeremanteng. Bartels was said to be rooting for Akufo Addo in the Central Region. It is also alleged that Bartels channeled considerable amounts of a US-sponsored government fund meant for the Ghanaian private sector to companies owned by his daughters and sons-in-law.
Family
Bartels is a member of the Euro-African Bartels family, whose ancestor Cornelius Ludewich Bartels was Governor-General of the Dutch Gold Coast between 1798 and 1804, and whose son Carel Hendrik Bartels was the most important mulatto trader on the Gold Coast in the second quarter of the nineteenth century.
Politics
Bartels is a member of the New Patriotic Party. He was first elected as a member of parliament for the Ablekuma North Constituency, making him a member of the 2nd parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana on 7 January 1997 after emerging winner at the 1996 Ghanaian General Elections. He was then reelected as the member of parliament for the Ablekuma North constituency in the Greater Accra region in the 3rd parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana.
Elections
Bartels was elected as the member of parliament for the Ablekuma North constituency in the 1996 Ghanaian general elections with a majority votes of 35,747 representing 47.20% of the total valid votes. He retained his seat as a member of parliament during the 2000 Ghanaian general elections. He was elected on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party. His constituency was a part of the 16 parliamentary seats out of 22 seats won by the New Patriotic Party in that election for the Greater Accra Region. The New Patriotic Party won a majority total of 100 parliamentary seats out of 200 seats in the 3rd parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana. He was elected with 34,508 votes out of 50,012 total valid votes cast. This was equivalent to 69.2% of the total valid votes cast. He was elected over Albert Okpoti Botchway of the National Democratic Congress, Doreen Naadjah Sackey of the Convention People's Party, Isaac Kwakye Gyasi of the National Reform Party and Abdul-Jalilu Awudu of the People's National Convention. These obtained 14,236, 1,092, 0votes and 0 votes respectively out of the total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 28.6%, 2.2%, 0% and 0% respectively of total valid votes cast.
References
Ghanaian people of German descent
1947 births
Living people
University of Ghana alumni
Ghana School of Law alumni
Fante people
Government ministers of Ghana
Ghanaian MPs 1997–2001
Ghanaian MPs 2001–2005
Ghanaian MPs 2005–2009
Kishara George (born 22 September 1983) is a retired Grenadian sprinter. On 6 July 2003 at the Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics she was part of a 4×400 m relay team that placed second to Jamaica but still managed to set a new National Record time of 3:32.99 minutes in the event. On 28 May 2004, this time competing in the 400 m hurdles she was again able to set a national record with a time of 58.37.
Competition record
References
1983 births
Living people
Grenadian female sprinters
Grenadian female hurdlers
Ashot Sureni Khachatryan (; born 3 August 1959) is a retired football defender from Armenia. He obtained a total number of five caps for the national team. Khachatryan made his debut on 14 October 1992 against Moldova (0–0).
External links
Ashot Khachatryan at Armfootball.tripod.com
1959 births
Living people
Armenia international footballers
Armenian footballers
Armenian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Soviet Armenians
Soviet footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Ararat Yerevan players
ASA Issy players
FC Yerevan managers
Armenian football managers
Expatriate footballers in France
Armenian expatriate sportspeople in France
Andrew Charles Marshall (born 24 August 1973) is an English professional golfer.
Marshall was born in Sutton-in-Ashfield and turned professional in 1995. In 2001, he finished 4th on the Challenge Tour Rankings to earn his card on the top level European Tour. In late 2001, in one of his first tournaments as a full member of the European Tour he finished 6th at the Omega Hong Kong Open. However, he failed to build on that start and had to regain his card via qualifying school at the end of the 2002.
Marshall maintained his playing status through the end of the 2007 season, with the best end of season ranking of 73rd on the Order of Merit in 2006, and best tournament results of runner-up at the 2003 Madeira Island Open and the 2006 Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles. In 2007, he slipped down the rankings and had to drop down to the Challenge Tour for 2008.
Professional wins (5)
PGA EuroPro Tour wins (2)
MENA Tour wins (2)
Other wins (1)
2021 Farmfoods British Par 3 Championship
Results in major championships
Note: Marshall only played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
See also
2011 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
External links
English male golfers
European Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Sutton-in-Ashfield
People from Dereham
1973 births
Living people
Nigel Twiston-Davies (born 16 May 1957, Crickhowell) is a British racehorse trainer specialising in National Hunt racing. He is based at stables at Naunton, Gloucestershire.
He began training in 1981 and sent out his first winner, Last of the Foxes, at Hereford Racecourse in 1982.
He has trained over 1000 winners under National Hunt rules including two winners of the Grand National with Earth Summit in 1998 and Bindaree in 2002, and the winner of the 2010 Cheltenham Gold Cup with Imperial Commander. He also trained Imperial Commander to win the Ryanair Chase at the 2009 Cheltenham Festival.
Personal life
His sons, Sam and William, both became jockeys. William retired in 2017.
Cheltenham winners (17)
Cheltenham Gold Cup - (1) Imperial Commander (2010
Supreme Novices' Hurdle - (1) Arctic Kinsman (1994)
Ballymore Novices' Hurdle - (3) Gaelstrom (1993), Fundamentalist (2004), The New One (2013)
Broadway Novices' Chase - (2) Young Hustler (1993), Blaklion (2016)
Triumph Hurdle - (1) Upgrade (1998)
Champion Bumper - (1) Ballyandy (2016)
Ryanair Chase - (1) Imperial Commander (2009)
Festival Trophy Handicap Chase - (1) Tipping Tim (1992)
National Hunt Chase Challenge Cup - (1) Tricky Trickster (2009)
Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase - (1) Pigeon Island (2010)
Pertemps Final - (2) Rubhahunish (2000), Ballyfitz (2008)
Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup - (1) Same Difference (2013)
St James's Place Festival Hunter Chase - (1) Baby Run (2010)
Major wins
Great Britain
Grand National - (2) Earth Summit (1998), Bindaree (2002)
Betfair Chase - (4) Imperial Commander (2010), Bristol De Mai (2017,2018,2020)
Long Walk Hurdle - (2) Sweet Duke (1993), Ocean Hawk (1996)
Kauto Star Novices' Chase - (2) Dakyns Boy (1992), Ollie Magern (2004)
Finale Juvenile Hurdle - (1) Bristol De Mai (2014)
Challow Novices' Hurdle - (2) King's Road (1998), Bindaree (1999)
Ascot Chase - (1) Riders Onthe Storm (2020)
Scilly Isles Novices' Chase - (3) Young Hustler (1993), Jack Doyle (1998), Bristol De Mai (2016)
Manifesto Novices' Chase - (1) Flying Angel (2017)
Aintree Hurdle - (3) Mister Morose (2000), Khyber Kim (2010), The New One (2014)
Sefton Novices' Hurdle - (3) King's Road (1999), Pettifour (2008), Ballyoptic (2016)
Liverpool Hurdle - (2) Mrs Muck (1987), Sweet Duke (1993)
Ireland
Champion INH Flat Race - (1) King's Road (1998)
Champion Stayers Hurdle - (1) Rubhahunish (2000)
References
External links
Nigel Twiston-Davies' website
Profile in Grand National Guide
1957 births
Living people
British people of English descent
British people of Welsh descent
British people of Irish descent
People from Cotswold District
British horse trainers
Nigel Twiston-Davies
People from Crickhowell
The 2022 Stuttgart Surge season is the second season of Stuttgart Surge in the European League of Football.
Preseason
On October 22, 2021 the organisation extended the contract with head coach Martin Hanselmann. After further preparation and signings of coaches, the Surge held their open tryout on November 28, 2021 and signed the first player for the 2022 season in December 12, 2021 with former Frankfurt Galaxy Benjamin "Benji" Barnes. With former NCAA Division-II Truman State University football program starting Quarterback Randall Schroeder, the team signed its third American quarterback in their history.
Regular season
Standings
Schedule
Source: europeanleague.football
Roster
Transactions
From Frankfurt Galaxy:
Benjamin Barnes (December 31, 2021)
Nikolas Knoblauch (January 16, 2022)
Noah Bomba (February 03, 2022)
Darnell Minton (March 07, 2022)
Precious Ogbevoen (March 29, 2022)
Staff
Notes
References
Stuttgart Surge
Stuttgart Surge season
Surge
Salmanabad (, also Romanized as Salmānābād; also known as Soleymānābād) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 938, in 225 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Edis Nuri is a Macedonian professional basketball power forward.
References
External links
at Eurobasket
1982 births
Living people
Power forwards (basketball)
Polypodium pellucidum (ʻAe) is a species of fern which grows on lava flows in Hawaii.
Description
It is one of the first plants to colonize a new lava flow and is often found growing in small cracks.
Range
It is found only in the Hawaiian islands.
Taxonomy
Polypodium pellucidum contains the following varieties:
Polypodium pellucidum var. acuminatum
Polypodium pellucidum var. pellucidum
References
Native ferns of Hawaii
pellucidum
Tobias Faber, Hon. FAIA (12 December 1915 – 19 November 2010) was a Danish architect best known for his academic achievements, He was a professor at the Royal Danish Academy's School of Architecture and the Academy's president from 1954 to 1973. He was a strong advocate of keeping a human scale in architecture.
Biography
Faber studied architecture at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in the 1930s, graduating in 1941. Due to the German Occupation of Denmark during World War II he went to neutral Sweden where he worked at various well-reputed practices in Stockholm. Back in Denmark after the war, he joined Vilhelm Lauritzen's office where he worked until 1952. He then set up his own practice, together with his wife Jytte Jensenius, which operated until 1967.
From 1952 he taught at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts and in 1954 he was a visiting lecturer at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston, USA. In 1962 he was appointed professor at the Academy and from 1965 he served as its director, a position he held until 1974 when the Academy Schools were split into separate institutions for administrative reasons. Thereafter he was as the principal of the School of Architecture until his retirement in 1985. He also published a number of influential books on architecture.
Distinctions
Faber was elected to Honorary Fellowship of the American Institute of Architects in 1987 (Hon. FAIA). He received the Dreyer Honorary Award in 1995. He received the N. L. Høyen Medal in 1988.
Written works
Rum, form og funktion (1962)
Dansk arkitektur (1963, 1977),
Arne Jacobsen (1964)
See also
Architecture of Denmark
References
1915 births
2010 deaths
Danish architects
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts faculty
Directors of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts
Honorary Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
The long-billed wren (Cantorchilus longirostris) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Taxonomy and systematics
The long-billed wren has been treated as being conspecific with the buff-breasted wren (Cantorchilus leucotis). It has two subspecies, the nominate C. l. longirostris and C. l. bahiae. The latter has been suggested for elevation to species status.
Description
The long-billed wren is long and weighs . The crown and nape of adults of the nominate subspecies are rich dark brown that becomes progressively more reddish to the rump; the lower back has obscure bars. Their tail is reddish brown with darker bars. They have an off-white supercilium, a darkish brown eyestripe, cheeks mottled off-white and dark gray, and a blackish malar stripe. Their throat color ranges from whitish to pale buff; their chest is reddish buff and the belly a deep rich buff. Juveniles are almost the same but their facial markings are not as distinct. C. l. bahiae is paler overall than the nominate, with the underparts' colors being much less saturated.
Distribution and habitat
C. l. bahiae is the more northerly subspecies of long-billed wren; it is found in the "bulge" of eastern Brazil from Piauí south to Minas Gerais and east to the Atlantic coast. C. l. longirostris is found in a narrower coastal band from Bahia south to eastern Santa Catarina. The species inhabits secondary forest, the edges and shrubby clearings of primary forest, mangroves, caatinga, and restinga. In elevation it ranges from sea level to .
Behavior
Feeding
The long-billed wren's diet has not been studied, and its foraging habits are not well known. It probably forages singly or in pairs, usually within of the ground but sometimes as high as .
Breeding
The long-billed wren's breeding season appears to coincide with its ranges' rainy season. Its breeding nest is a dome with a downward facing entrance tube; the species also builds "dormitory" nests for roosting.
Vocalization
Both sexes of the long-billed wren sing, sometimes alone and sometimes in duet. The songs are "loud and varied".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the long-billed wren as being of The Least Concern. It is "frequently abundant" and found in several protected areas.
References
External links
Long-billed Wren: Photos, vocalizations, notes in www.birds-caatinga.com
long-billed wren
Birds of the Caatinga
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
long-billed wren
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
San Carlos is a former settlement in Inyo County, California. It was founded in 1863 and was located on the east bank of the Owens River east of Independence, close by to the west of the later site of Kearsarge, California.
Tensions in the area ran high as the residents of San Carlos with their cattle ramped up pressure on the local Indians, causing the latter to launch attacks on the town's population. San Carlos and nearby Bend City competed to become the seat of the then Coso County. Several artifacts remain of San Carlos, including the ruins of stone buildings as well as old smelting tools.
References
Former settlements in Inyo County, California
Populated places established in 1863
Ghost towns in Inyo County, California
Ice hockey at the 2017 Winter Universiade was held from January 28 through February 8 at Halyk Arena (men's matches) and Baluan Sholak Sports Palace (women's matches) in Almaty. The selection of participating teams - 12 in the men's tournament and seven in the women's tournament, including the hosting Kazakhstan sides in both cases - was announced on July 25, 2016 while the draw to place the teams into their assigned pools took place on September 18, 2016.
Venues
Men
Preliminary round
Twelve participating teams were placed in the following three groups. After playing a round-robin within the group, the teams ranked 1st through 8th overall advanced to the quarterfinals.
Teams received 3 points for a regulation win, 2 points for an overtime/shootout win and 1 point for an overtime/shootout loss. They were then seeded for the playoff round by points per game played, then by goal differential.
All game box scores via wuni2017.sportresult.com.
Group A
All times are local (UTC+6).
Group B
All times are local (UTC+6).
Group C
All times are local (UTC+6).
9th–12th placement round
All times are local (UTC+6).
11th place match
9th place match
Playoff round
* denotes shootout victory
All times are local (UTC+6).
Quarterfinals
5th–8th placement matches
7th place match
5th place match
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
Final standings
Scoring leaders
List shows the top skaters sorted by points, then goals.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalties in minutes; POS = Position
Source: almaty2017.com
Leading goaltenders
Only the top six goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.
TOI = Time on ice (minutes:seconds); SA = Shots against; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; Sv% = Save percentage; SO = Shutouts
Source: almaty2017.com
Women
Preliminary round
Seven participating teams were placed in the following two groups. After playing a round-robin, the teams ranked first and second in each group advanced to the semifinals.
Teams received 3 points for a regulation win, 2 points for an overtime/shootout win and 1 point for an overtime/shootout loss.
All game box scores via wuni2017.sportresult.com.
Group A
All times are local (UTC+6).
Group B
All times are local (UTC+6).
5th–7th placement round
All times are local (UTC+6).
Playoff round
All times are local (UTC+6).
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
Final standings
Scoring leaders
List shows the top skaters sorted by points, then goals.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalties in minutes; POS = Position
Source: almaty2017.com
Leading goaltenders
Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.
TOI = Time on ice (minutes:seconds); SA = Shots against; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; Sv% = Save percentage; SO = Shutouts
Source: almaty2017.com
Medalists
Medal table
References
External links
Results book
Ice Hockey
2017
2017
Winter Universiade
In enzymology, a tRNA-pseudouridine synthase I () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
tRNA uridine tRNA pseudouridine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, tRNA uridine, and one product, tRNA pseudouridine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is tRNA-uridine uracilmutase. Other names in common use include tRNA-uridine isomerase, tRNA pseudouridylate synthase I, transfer ribonucleate pseudouridine synthetase, pseudouridine synthase, and transfer RNA pseudouridine synthetase.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 4 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , and .
References
EC 5.4.99
Enzymes of known structure
The 2005 Viennese state election was held on 23 October 2005 to elect the members of the Gemeinderat and Landtag of Vienna.
The governing Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) led by Mayor and Governor Michael Häupl won a landslide victory, increasing its absolute majority by an additional three seats and winning just under half of the vote. The Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) suffered substantial losses, falling from second to fourth place. The Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) returned to second place for the first time since 1991. The Greens achieved their best-ever result, winning 14.6% of votes and becoming the third largest party in the Gemeinderat and Landtag.
Background
The Viennese constitution mandates that cabinet positions in the city government (city councillors, ) be allocated between parties proportionally in accordance with the share of votes won by each; this is known as Proporz. The number of city councillors is voted upon by the Landtag after each election, and may legally vary between nine and fifteen. City councillors are divided into two groups – "senior" councillors, who hold a cabinet portfolio, and "non-executive" councillors who do not. Non-executive councillors may vote in cabinet meetings, but do not otherwise hold any government responsibility. In practice, parties seek to form a coalition which holds a majority in both the Landtag and city government. City councillors bound to the coalition become senior councillors, while the opposition are relegated to non-executive status.
In the 2001 state election, the SPÖ regained the absolute majority it had lost in 1996. The FPÖ suffered substantial losses, but remained the second largest party with 20% of the vote. The Greens also made gains, with the Liberal Forum lost its seats. The SPÖ won nine city councillors and formed government alone.
Electoral system
The 100 seats of the Gemeinderat and Landtag of Vienna are elected via open list proportional representation in a two-step process. The seats are distributed between eighteen multi-member constituencies. For parties to receive any representation in the Landtag, they must either win at least one seat in a constituency directly, or clear a 5 percent state-wide electoral threshold. Seats are distributed in constituencies according to the Hare quota, with any remaining seats allocated using the D'Hondt method at the state level, to ensure overall proportionality between a party's vote share and its share of seats.
Contesting parties
The table below lists parties represented in the previous Landtag.
In addition to the parties already represented in the Landtag, four parties collected enough signatures to be placed on the ballot.
Communist Party of Austria (KPÖ)
Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ)
Vienna Forum (WIF) – on the ballot only in Donaustadt
Socialist Left Party (SLP) – on the ballot only in Centre
Results
Results by constituency
References
2005 elections in Austria
State elections in Austria
October 2005 events in Europe
Politics of Vienna
Skyrush is an Intamin prototype Wing Coaster at Hersheypark in Hershey, Pennsylvania. It opened to the general public on May 26, 2012. Skyrush is Hersheypark's 12th roller coaster, and its third coaster made by Intamin. Skyrush is the second tallest and second fastest roller coaster located at Hersheypark. Skyrush features a cable lift that raises the train at . The roller coaster is located in the Hollow section of Hersheypark, next to the Comet wooden coaster; Skyrush itself is mainly set above Spring Creek.
The concept for what is now Skyrush dates to 2007, but Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company did not file plans for the ride until August 2010. Hersheypark launched the Project 2012 marketing campaign to promote what eventually became Skyrush, and the park officially announced the ride in August 2011. Despite delays caused by flooding, Skyrush opened to the general public on May 26, 2012. Skyrush was ranked by Amusement Today'''s Golden Ticket Awards as the fifth-best new ride for 2012, and Skyrush has been ranked in the Golden Ticket Awards as being among the top 50 steel roller coasters in the world for several years. Reviews of the ride have generally been positive.
History
The concept for what is now Skyrush dates to 2007, when Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company, operator of Hersheypark in Derry Township, Pennsylvania, solicited designs from five roller coaster manufacturers. Although Hershey executives preferred a proposal by Swiss manufacturer Intamin, the plan would cost twice as much as Fahrenheit, a $12 million coaster that opened in 2008. Intamin convinced Hersheypark officials to build another attraction in the low-lying Hollow section of the park. On August 17, 2010, Hershey Entertainment presented plans to Derry Township officials for a new attraction reaching tall. The ride's construction required a zoning variance because it exceeded the township's height limit. Hersheypark officials also proposed erecting 32 supports inside an artificial pond and removing two dining structures in the Hollow, although they refused to disclose the nature of the new ride.
Hersheypark launched a marketing campaign, entitled Project 2012, to promote what eventually became Skyrush. Although Hersheypark publicly divulged little about the new attraction, the campaign prompted extensive discussion on social-media sites. Park officials filed construction permits with Derry Township officials in April 2011, which indicated that a roller coaster with a winding layout would be built in the Hollow section of Hersheypark. Work on the coaster had begun in early 2011, when workers began diverting Spring Creek, allowing the ride's concrete supports to be constructed. By June 2011, pieces of steel track for the as-yet-unnamed attraction had arrived on site. In conjunction with the Project 2012 campaign, Hershey Entertainment filed a trademark for the name "Skyrush" in July 2011.
The ride was officially announced on August 1, 2011. Skyrush was to be the first new roller coaster at Hersheypark since Fahrenheit in 2008. Skyrush was built on the site of the Sunken Gardens, a portion of Hersheypark that had not been open to the public since 1972. The Sunken Gardens was redesigned when Skyrush was constructed. The site was flooded in September 2011 during Tropical Storm Lee, which forced workers to remove and reinstall all of the concrete footings; this delayed construction by three weeks. The retaining walls along Spring Creek were rebuilt in conjunction with the Skyrush project, and the area received new landscaping. Because of a relatively mild winter during 2011–2012, construction crews were able to complete the ride before its scheduled opening on Memorial Day in 2012. The ride's construction employed up to 160 workers simultaneously.
Skyrush opened to the general public on May 26, 2012. The ride cost $25 million and was the 12th roller coaster at Hersheypark, as well as the third coaster that Intamin built at the park (after Storm Runner and Fahrenheit). With Skyrush's completion, Hersheypark rebranded the surrounding section of the park from "Comet Hollow" to "The Hollow". Park officials anticipated that the ride's opening would cause the park's attendance to increase. Skyrush was one of three Wing Coasters to open in the United States in 2012, the others being Wild Eagle at Dollywood and X-Flight at Six Flags Great America. The three Wing Coasters were featured on a Good Morning America segment in June 2012. Skyrush was also Intamin's only Wing Coaster installation until 2016, when Flying Aces opened at Ferrari World Abu Dhabi.
Characteristics
Skyrush has yellow track and light blue support columns. The ride is tall and travels at up to , with a long track. The lift hill is slanted at a 50-degree angle, with a cable lift that travels at . The first drop is tall and has a vertical angle of 85 degrees; the train achieves its maximum g-force of 5.0 at the bottom of the first drop. There are four banked turns and five airtime hills. The course takes about 63 seconds to complete. There are maintenance bays next to the final brake run, where the trains can be taken off the track for maintenance. In addition, a pair of employees inspects the entire track every morning for about five hours.
The roller coaster was the first Wing Coaster installed by Intamin. It has two trains, each with 32 seats. The trains are of extended width, with the two center seats in each row directly above the chassis and two additional seats that hang off the width of the chassis. The two outer seats in each row inspired Skyrush's tagline "Ride the Edge." The seats have lap bar restraints, which consist of flat plates that hold down the lower body of each rider; there are no over-the-shoulder restraints for each rider's upper body. Soon after the ride opened, guests criticized the lap bar restraints as overly painful, especially during the ride's airtime moments, when the restraints exert high amounts of pressure on the lower body.
During the off-season (typically beginning in mid-November and lasting through March of the following year), the queue area next to the station is disassembled. A crane then lifts the trains off the track and into the queue area, where two or three employees overhaul the trains.
Ride experience
Immediately after leaving the station, a cable lift carries the train to the top of the lift hill. The train enters its 212-foot drop, traveling through a large right hand turn and into a large airtime hill. The train then travels through a 270-degree helix before entering another airtime hill, passing underneath the first one. After this, the train enters a right-hand turn that transitions into an overbanked turn. The ride drops and enters a quick transition into a highly-banked right turn, which transitions into a twisted airtime hill. After that, the train enters another airtime hill, before a highly-banked turn to the left, crossing over Comet. The train enters the final brake run, then makes a right hand turn, wrapping around Comet to return to the station.
Reception
Jane Holahan of the Intelligencer Journal/Lancaster New Era wrote in 2012 that she was terrified of the ride, saying: "The ascent is a doozy, swiftly climbing up those 200 feet. None of that slow, creaky psychological terror on the Skyrush, it's all intense action from the very first second." Conversely, Mekado Murphy of The New York Times wrote: "The winged seats significantly change a rider's perspective and make the surrounding environment more a part of the coaster [...] At some of the most aggressive points in the ride, the lap restraint felt like the only thing preventing me from flying out of my seat." James Wasser wrote in 2022: "The out-of-control feeling along with the high g-forces gives me such an adrenaline boost and a way to scream my head off and let go of some stress. It also makes me feel like I am flying!" The same year, a reporter for LNP Always Lancaster wrote: "Unlike the beginning of every other coaster with an ascent at Hersheypark, Skyrush starts impossibly fast and stays that fast throughout the entire minute-long ride."
Awards
In 2012, Skyrush was ranked by Amusement Today'''s Golden Ticket Awards as the fifth-best new ride, garnering six percent of the vote.
See also
2012 in amusement parks
References
Hersheypark
Roller coasters in Pennsylvania
Shangguan Wan'er is a Chinese television series based on the life of Shangguan Wan'er, a female official in the court of Wu Zetian, the only female emperor in Chinese history. Starring Ruan Danning as the titular character, the series was first aired in mainland China in December 1998. The series was broadcast again in March 2003 on Sichuan Satellite TV.
Plot
Shangguan Wan'er was the granddaughter of Shangguan Yi, a government official. After Shangguan Yi tried to depose Empress Wu, his whole family was executed except for Wan'er and her mother, Lady Zheng. They were protected by another official named Pei Yan.
At the age of 15, Wan'er entered the Imperial Palace to become the study mate of the Crown Prince, Li Xian. They developed feelings for each other despite their backgrounds. However, Li Xian's beliefs contrasted from his mother's beliefs. Li Xian was deposed from his position as Crown Prince and was sentenced to death. Wan'er decides to find the truth and appeals to Empress Wu. Empress Wu is regretful and makes Wan'er her secretary. She was titled the world's number one lady.Even after all those years, Wan'er never forgot Li Xian. She kept his words at heart, and helped restore peace to the Tang dynasty. Wan'er enlisted the help of Di Renjie and Princess Taiping, and together they stopped the ambitions of Wu Sansi, Wu Chengsi, and Pei Yan. She dedicates the rest of her life to the Li family, and later becomes a consort to Li Xian's brother, Li Zhe.
Cast
Ruan Danning as Shangguan Wan'er
Zhang Qing as Wu Zetian
Sun Yang as Princess Taiping
Huang Haibing as Li Xian
Ji Chenmu as Emperor Zhongzong
Lu Shiyu as Emperor Ruizong
Geng Yong as Empress Wei
Fan Zhiqi as Pei Yan
Tan Jianchang as Takashima Shin (Gaodao Xin)
List of songs
Ren Shijian (人世间), the opening theme song, performed by Tu Meihua
Mengxing (梦醒), the ending theme song, performed by Li Hong
Tongxin Jie (同心结), insert song, performed by Xiao Chanjuan
Tong Shi Tianya Lunluo Ren'' (同是天涯沦落人), insert song, performed by Tu Meihua
References
1998 Chinese television series debuts
1998 Chinese television series endings
Television series set in the Tang dynasty
Television series set in the Zhou Dynasty (690–705)
1990s Chinese television series
Mandarin-language television shows
Chinese historical television series
Television series set in the 7th century
Chorale is a modern dance work choreographed by Martha Graham to music by César Franck. The piece premiered on April 18, 1926, at New York's 48 Street Theater in the first independent concert presented by Graham. Members of the newly formed Martha Graham Concert Group, Thelma Biracree, Evelyn Sabin and Betty Macdonald, also appeared in the piece. A critic for The Democrat-Chronicle reported the dance was "subtle" with a "dark, emotional mood."
The all-Graham program also featured the ballets: Arabesque No. 1, Clair de Lune, Danse Languide, Danse Rococo, Désir, Deux Valses, Intermezzo, Maid with the Flaxen Hair, The Marionette Show, Masques, Novelette, Portrait--After Beltran-Masses, A Study in Lacquer, Tanze, The Three Gopi Maidens, and Trois Gnossiennes.
References
1926 ballet premieres
Cris Miró (16 September 1965 – 1 June 1999) was an Argentine entertainer and media personality who had a brief but influential career as a top-billing vedette in Buenos Aires' revue theatre scene during the mid-to-late 1990s. Miró began her acting career in the early 1990s in fringe theatre plays and later rose to fame as a vedette at the Teatro Maipo in 1995. For years, she hid her HIV positive status from the press until her death on 1 June 1999, due to AIDS-related lymphoma.
As the first travesti celebrity in Argentina, she caused a media sensation and paved the way for the visibility of the transgender community in local society. Nevertheless, her figure was initially questioned by some members of the burgeoning travesti activism movement, who resented the unequal treatment she received compared to most trans people. She is now regarded as a symbol of the Argentine 1990s.
Early life
Cris Miró was born on 16 September 1965, in Buenos Aires to a retired military man and a housewife.
Although assigned male at birth, Miró was effeminate from a very young age. Her brother Esteban Virguez described Miró's childhood as a little boy: "Cris was different since he was born, (...) he did not like football, he played with dolls and my dad was the typical macho of those times and Cris was like a girl, when we were walking down the street they always confused him with a girl. At that time we were ashamed, somehow my dad and I tried to hide it. Not my mother, Cris identified with my mother, he saw her shoes, her dresses. It bothered us."
After finishing secondary school, Miró began studying dentistry at the University of Buenos Aires.
She studied dance at Julio Bocca's school and acting with Alejandra Boero at the same time that she studied dentistry.
Career
In the late 1980s, Miró met theater director Jorgelina Belardo at Bunker—a popular gay club in Buenos Aires—who asked her to join a theatrical production group that Belardo had formed with Juanito Belmonte. Belardo became Miró's close friend and artistic director, while Belmonte worked as her press agent. Working with them, Miró made her fringe theatre debut in the plays Fragmentos del infierno—based on a text by Antonin Artaud—and Orgasmo apocalíptico, which focused on sexuality issues more explicitly. Prior to her career as a vedette, Miró made film appearances in Fernando Ayala's Dios los cría (1991) and Luis Puenzo's La peste (1992), based on Albert Camus' novel of the same name.
In 1994, Miró went to a casting call at Teatro Maipo, one of the most important venues in the Buenos Aires revue theatre scene (in Spanish teatro de revistas), which was a widely popular genre at the time. She only presented herself as a female once on stage, performing a strip-tease to a Madonna song. Producer Lino Patalano immediately cast her as a vedette for his show Viva la revista en el Maipo, which premiered in 1995 and quickly made her a celebrity. Miró appeared at Mirtha Legrand's famous television program, in which guests have lunch with her and are interviewed. That broadcast is now infamous for the uncomfortable questions that Legrand asked Miró, such as her dead name or if "it bothers you that people know that you are really a man". At that time, questions like these were common to transgender guests on television, but are negatively assessed in retrospect.
Illness and death
On 20 May 1999, Miró was hospitalized in the Santa Isabel clinic in the Buenos Aires barrio of Caballito, where she died on 1 June. The press had long speculated that the entertainer lived with HIV/AIDS, although she and her family and friends always denied it. Miró actually did live with HIV and had been hospitalized for this on previous occasions, choosing to hide it from the media out of fear that the stigma between homosexuality and the virus would affect her career and family relationships. According to Jorgelina Belardo, a sector of the press threatened to disclose her HIV diagnosis if she refused to give interviews. Upon her death, Miró's personal assistant Jorge García and her friend Sandra Sily denied the reports of HIV complications and told reporters that she died due to a lung condition. Later that day, Miró's manager Juanito Belmonte—although maybe Jorge Belardo— confirmed that her cause of death was lymphatic cancer. Although this was true, for many years it was publicly concealed that the lymphoma was indeed AIDS-related. This was confirmed when her brother Esteban Virguez disclosed it to journalist Carlos Sanzol in 2010, who later revealed it in his 2016 biography on Miró titled Hembra.
Impact and legacy
After gaining popularity as a vedette, Miró became a national media sensation for the perceived gender bender aspects of her image, and is considered a symbol of the postmodern era in Argentina. As the first Argentine travesti to become a national celebrity, she has been considered the "first trans icon of the country". Miró's presence meant a change in the Argentine showbusiness of the era and popularized transgender and cross-dressing acts in Buenos Aires' revue theatrical scene. As such, she is regarded as a symbol of the social milieu of the Argentine 1990s and an icon of the decade. She paved the way for other Argentine travestis and trans women to gain popularity as vedettes, most notably Flor de la V, who described her in 2021 as the "first trans [person] that the public recognized as an artist" and a "shooting star that lasted only a short time on earth [but] will continue to illuminate the way forever." In an interview with Revista NX in 1997, Miró reflected on her impact:
I am very grateful for what is happening to me, and this has helped open doors for other people. (...) But I do not forget many people who were there and tried, who worked a lot and continue to do so. This regarding the commercial circuit. But it was also important because of all the prejudice that existed around travestis, who were related to [street prostitution], or with the transformistas (...). I think that in a few years these beliefs changed a lot. I do not claim all this myself, but I do know I did my bit because the doors were opened to me, and I always said that those open doors were also going to open for other people and that was the most important thing. [The arrests and torture of travestis] give me feelings of horror. I feel sorry for these things that happen in the country, although this reality occurs in other places. (...) ... I have also experienced those abuses. Going down the street and having problems with the police, with other people; being at the doorstep of an apartment waiting for a taxi to come and being afraid that a patrol car will come and take me away. Some years ago I thought I was never going to live this Argentina of achieving rights or respect. For example, that a transsexual is given her documents in accordance with her sexual identity. But everything has a cost. There have been many travestis who are no longer with us, who are imprisoned, who are taken into custody daily, all so that today other people can walk more freely on the street.
Miró's rise to fame in the mid-1990s was a watershed moment in the visibility of transgender identities in Argentine society, as it increased the visibility of the transgender community in the national media scene and opened a debate about their marginalized living conditions. But, although the rise to celebrity of Miró happened in parallel to the political organization of travestis and the visibility of their activism, she never took part in the movement; she was initially criticized by many of its members, who resented the unequal treatment she received compared to the neglected travesti prostitutes. They also criticized Miró for embodying the "patriarchal mandate" that trans women should look like an idealized vision of "the perfect woman". In this sense, she evidenced the desire of thousands of men for the new travesti bodies, with anthropologist Josefina Fernández claiming that: "the exchange that Cris Miró makes while living from her job as a vedette, as a body inserted in a market, does not differ from the exchange that a [travesti street prostitute] is forced to make in order to survive." Reflecting on her death, feminist scholar Mabel Bellucci argued in 1999 that Miró's acceptance was an attempt by "the system" to try to show that there was not so much discrimination, presenting her as "the exception to the rule" and encapsulaitng her in a role that prevented her from creating ties with her [travesti] peers. She wrote: "If this had meant a greater democratization of the travesti movement she could have achieved a greater recognition of rights." Biographer Carlos Sanzol reflected in 2016:
Cris was somehow both a "beneficiary" and victim of machismo. A beneficiary because she represented the model of "womanhood" that the imaginary of misogyny seeks: the femme fatale, the objectified woman. And a victim because the macho discourse excludes everything that is far from the canon of virility. Seventeen years after her death, these values still persist in Argentine society with their worst facet: femicides.
A portrait photograph of Miró is displayed since 2019 at the Museo Casa Rosada, as part of the exhibition Íconos Argentinos (English: "Argentine Icons").
Her death is featured in the plot of Camila Sosa Villada's 2019 award-winning novel Las malas, being mourned by its trans main characters, who regard her as "the Evita of travestis".
In June 2021, an Argentine producer announced that a biographical television series on Miró was in the making, potentially released via Netflix the following year.
Personal life
Gender identity
Miró identified as a travesti, a loosely-defined term used in South American countries to designate people who have been assigned male at birth, but develop a gender identity according to different expressions of femininity. The use of the term in the region precedes that of "transgender" and its definition is controversial, as it may be considered a "third sex", a non-binary gender or a regional equivalent to the concepts of transsexual and trans woman. Until the mid-to-late-1990s, Miró's gender expression alternated between that of an androgynous young man during the day and that of a woman when going out at night or on stage. Around 1997, she had breast augmentation surgery, which indicated a strengthening of her transgender identity as she was said to have taken "the definitive form of a woman". Miró also considered the cosmetic procedure to be a job requirement, as vedettes were expected to sensually flaunt their body parts.
Miró is at times retrospectively referred to as a transsexual or transgender woman. According to biographer Carlos Sanzol, Miró identified as a woman, pointing out that she regularly stated to the press that she "felt like [one]".
The vedette told Mirtha Legrand in 1995: "I am genetically born as a man, but I choose and live as a woman and that is the most important thing." In a 1996 television report for Chiche Gelblung, Miró explained her gender identity: "I am totally clear that biologically I was born a man. I do not want to be a woman, I am totally ok with my status as a travesti. But I do not think I am a woman trapped in a man's body. No, I am who I am and in this way I am happy." Another oft-cited statement of Miró was:
Even though I was born with a certain sex, which means that I have documents with a man's name and gender, the most important thing is what I feel. I am only one person, and that is what matters to me. That thing about the opposites is seen by others. I live it in only one way.
Relationships
A long-lasting rumor states that Miró was romantically involved with her close friend Diego Armando Maradona, although this was never confirmed. Pioneering travesti vedette Vanessa Show stated in 2019: "I used to wax Cris Miró. Her phone wouldn't stop. I sometimes would ask her to turn it off a bit because I couldn't work. At one point she turned it on and he was calling her. This was in the '90s. 'How's Vanessa doing?', he said and I listened. 'How is it turning out?', he asked me and I replied 'very well.' It was vox populi that she was with Maradona. There are gays and non-gays who like travestis in all walks of life. Everywhere."
Filmography
See also
List of transgender people
LGBT in Argentina
Transgender rights in Argentina
Footnotes
References
Further reading
External links
1965 births
1999 deaths
20th-century Argentine actresses
Argentine musical theatre actresses
Argentine vedettes
LGBT actors from Argentina
People from Buenos Aires
Transgender actresses
Travestis
AIDS-related deaths in Argentina
Deaths from lymphoma
20th-century LGBT people
The Single Standard is a 1929 American romantic drama film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by veteran John S. Robertson and starring Greta Garbo, Nils Asther, and Johnny Mack Brown.
This was Greta Garbo's fifteenth film and her second collaboration with fellow Swedish actor Nils Asther, after Wild Orchids.
Plot
Debutante Arden Stuart (Greta Garbo), believes a single standard of conduct should apply to both sexes, one that strives for a combination of freedom, equality, and honesty —in regards to love. Her first attempt is with chauffeur Anthony Kendall, who is secretly a disillusioned "ace aviator" and son of a lord. However their joyous romance ends in disaster, when the young ace commits suicide after being fired because of their illicit affair.
Her longtime admirer Tommy Hewlett (Johnny Mack Brown) wants to marry her, but Arden finds fulfillment after a chance encounter with Packy Cannon (Nils Asther), a wealthy ex-prizefighter turned painter. He had planned a solo cruise to the South Seas on his yacht, but impulsive Arden sails along with him. After months of idyllic bliss however, he turns around and takes her home, explaining that he needs his full attention for his painting.
Though Tommy knows of Arden's love for Packy, he begs her to marry him anyway. She agrees. Several years go by, and they have a much-beloved son.
However, Packy returns and admits to Arden that he could not stop thinking about her. She is swept away and agrees to sail away with him once again. Tommy confronts his rival at gunpoint, ordering Packy to pretend to reject Arden. In return for the bargain, Tommy promises to arrange a hunting "accident" for himself, so that Arden can be with Packy without starting a scandal, which would hurt his son. Meanwhile, Arden comes to realize that their child means more to her than anything else. She tells Packy she cannot go with him. Tommy, completely unaware of this, still plans to carry out his shooting "accident." Fortunately, Arden intuitively figures out Tommy's fateful plan in time. Suddenly, Tommy gazes out the window, noticing Packy's yacht is sailing away in the harbor, with his family safe at home.
Cast
Greta Garbo as Arden Stuart Hewlett
Nils Asther as Packy Cannon
Johnny Mack Brown as Tommy Hewlett (as John Mack Brown)
Dorothy Sebastian as Mercedes Stuart
Lane Chandler as Ding Stuart
Mahlon Hamilton as Mr. John Glendenning
Kathlyn Williams as Mrs. Glendenning
Zeffie Tilbury as Mrs. Handley
Wally Albright as Arden's young son (uncredited)
Joel McCrea as Blythe (uncredited)
Robert Montgomery as Party Guest (uncredited)
Production
Production took place in April and May 1929, in Hollywood, California (USA). Production stills photographs were made by James Manatt and production portraits were taken by Ruth Harriet Louise in May 1929.
This is often referred to as a "silent" film. It is not. Garbo's last three "silent" films, Wild Orchids, The Single Standard and The Kiss, were all non-talking "sound" films with orchestral scores and sound effects, with all dialogue conveyed through title cards, per the traditional "silent" method.
Reception
Critical reception
"Beautifully photographed in the MGM manner by Oliver Marsh, The Single Standard is a prime example of how to tell an essentially "talkie" story within the confines of the silent film." Hal Erickson, All Movie Guide
Box office
The film garnered receipts of $1,048,000 ($659,000 in the US and $389,000 abroad), vs. a budget of $336,000. It was one of the top-grossing films of the year. The film brought MGM a profit of $333,000.
Home media
The film was released on VHS home video in the 1980s (within Garbo's lifetime) with its original Movietone soundtrack and effects and appears on television with the Movietone. In 2009 The Single Standard was issued on DVD release for the first time.
References
Greta Garbo: A Cinematic Legacy – by Mark A. Vieira
External links
The Single Standard review at The New York Times
Southseascinema.org
1929 films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1929 romantic drama films
Films based on American novels
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American romantic drama films
Films directed by John S. Robertson
Films set in China
Films set in the Pacific Ocean
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Captain America and Nick Fury: Blood Truce, also known as Captain America/Nick Fury: Blood Truce is a fortyeight page comic book one-shot published by Marvel Comics in 1995.
Publication history
The one-shot was written by Howard Chaykin, who had worked on many other Nick Fury projects before and Ben Schwartz. It was published on February 1, 1995.
Plot
Captain America and Nick Fury uncover a rogue faction of S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives determined to undermine a delicate international situation brought about by the defection of former KGB interrogator Dimitri Panshin. The rogue faction seeks to make Panshin pay for his crimes. Only by siding with the Titanium Man, and A.I.M., can they save the world from an onslaught of nuclear holocaust.
Reception
The (reviewer) of NickFuryAgentofShield.com stated that although the comic features a lot of common tropes of Nick Fury stories it has some really nice art and dialogue. The book was ranked second on Diamonds the highest selling paperbacks in February 1995.
See also
1995 in comics
References
External links
Captain America titles
Nick Fury titles
Comics by Howard Chaykin
Gary Sherrer is an American Democratic politician from Oklahoma. Sherrer served two terms as Oklahoma Secretary of the Environment under Republican Governors Frank Keating (1995-1997) and Mary Fallin (2011-2013). Sherrer also served as Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture under Democratic Governor David Walters from 1989 to 1995.
Early life
Sherrer is a graduate of Southeastern Oklahoma State University. He was a Democratic member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1981 to 1989. After leaving the Legislature, Sherrer served as Director of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs for the Oklahoma Farmers Union and then worked for the Oklahoma Association of Electric Cooperatives.
Cabinet secretary
Walters administration
Governor David Walters appointed Sherrer to serve as the State's first Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture. Walters also appointed him to concurrently as the Commissioner of the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture. He served in both of those positions from 1991 until the end of Walter's term in 1995.
Keating administration
In 1995, Walters choose not to seek re-election as governor. Frank Keating was elected to succeed him in that position. Keating asked Sherrer to stay on in his Administration. However, instead of Agriculture Secretary, Keating appoint Sherrer to serve as his Oklahoma Secretary of the Environment. In addition to his services as Secretary, the Oklahoma Water Resources Board appointed him to serve as their Executive Director.
Sherrer served in both of those positions until he resigned to return to the private sector in 1997. Governor Keating appointed Brian C. Griffin to succeed Sherrer as Secretary.
Fallin administration
Following the election of Republican Mary Fallin as governor in 2010, Fallin appointed Sherrer to her Taskforce on Economic Development to advise her on matter related to the economy. He served in that position from the entire transition process between Fallin's election in November 2010 and her inauguration in January 2011. On January 14, 2011, Governor Fallin announced that she had selected Sherrer to serve as her Oklahoma Secretary of the Environment in her Cabinet.
While serving in the Fallin Administration, Sherrer led negotiations between Oklahoma and Arkansas to protect the quality of the scenic rivers running through both states. Sherrer oversaw the Oklahoma Department of Wildlife Conservation's efforts to protect the Lesser Prairie Chicken, which avoided the need to place the animal under the protections of the Endangered Species Act by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. Sherrer also oversaw the Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality as it returned to compliance with the federal Safe Drinking Water Act. The compliance measures allowed the state to regain control over water quality in the state rather than the Environmental Protection Agency. After two and a half years as Environmental Secretary, Sherrer resigned his position to return to private life.
Private sector
Following his resignation, Sherrer went to work for KAMO, a Vinita, Oklahoma-based power provider for northeast Oklahoma and southeast Missouri. He served as that organization's chief administrative officer and assistance chief executive officer.
Sherrer currently serves as assistant vice president for external relations in Oklahoma State University's Division of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources. He also serves on the board of directors at Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma, Inc., a provider of economic development services to rural Oklahomans.
References
Oklahoma Democrats
State cabinet secretaries of Oklahoma
Living people
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Heads of Oklahoma state agencies
People from Vinita, Oklahoma
Year of birth missing (living people)
Víðidalstunga () is a small village near Víðidal in the former parish of Þorkelshólshreppur, Vestur-Húnavatnssýsla, Iceland.
An ancient manor and noble family lived in the area was centuries since at least the early 14th century. Víðidalstungu Church was built in 1889 and contains an altar with paintings by the painter Ásgrímur Jónsson.
References
Populated places in Northwestern Region (Iceland)
Nemanja Džodžo (; born 12 December 1986) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Džodžo played professionally abroad in Belgium and Kazakhstan.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Serbian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FK Budućnost Valjevo players
FK BSK Borča players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
FC Kaisar players
FC Irtysh Pavlodar players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
The National Corporation for Indigenous Development, or Corporación Nacional de Desarrollo Indígena (CONADI') in Spanish, is a Chilean institution founded on September 28, 1993, by the "Ley Indigena 19253" (“Indigenous Law”).
CONADI's main goal is to promote, coordinate and execute the state's work to support the development of the indigenous peoples of Chile.
CONADI is overseen by the Social Development Ministry or ":es:Ministerio de Desarrollo Social de Chile". Its headquarters are located in the city of Temuco and it has two subdivisions: Temuco, covering the Bío Bío, Araucanía, Los Lagos and Los Ríos regions, and Iquique, covering the Tarapacá, Antofagasta and Arica y Parinacota regions.
Background
CONADI was founded as a result recommendations made by the Special Commission on Indigenous Peoples or "Comisión Especial de Pueblos Indígenas" (CEPI) which ran from 1990 to 1995 was created by decree No. 30 of May 27, 1990.
As a result of its work, CEPI produced a report with three recommendations: reform the national constitution to include indigenous peoples; ratify the Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention (ILO Convention No. 169), and create the Indigenous Law that ultimated founded CONADI. The third of these recommendations was approved by the Chilean National Congress and was subsequently promulgated in the Programme for Indigenous Rights (2003). Congress also later ratified ILO Convention No. 169.
Indigenous Law
As part of the initiatives to repair historic damage and encourage the development and social inclusion of indigenous peoples, Chile's Indigenous Law was created in the 1990s. Following the return to democracy, Patricio Aylwin's government established the Special Commission of Indigenous People (Comisión Especial de Pueblos indígenas or CEPI), whose report provided the intellectual framework of the Indigenous Law Ley Indígena or law n° 19 253, promulgated on September 28, 1993, by President Aylwin.
The Indigenous Law recognized all indigenous peoples of Chile, in particular the Mapuche people, victims of the Occupation of the Araucanía, as an inherent part of the Chilean nation. Other indigenous people officially recognized included the Aymara, Atacameña, Colla, Quechua, Rapa-Nui, Yámana and Kawashkar peoples. Later, in 2006, the Diaguita people were also added to the list.
The law established the National Corporation for Indigenous Development (CONADI), which included directly elected indigenous representatives, and advised and directed government programs to assist the economic development of indigenous people.
It also gives indigenous people a voice in decisions affecting their lands, cultures and traditions and provides for bilingual education (legalizing Mapudungun language) in schools with indigenous populations.
Approximately half of the self-identified indigenous population remained separated from the rest of society, largely due to historical, cultural, educational, and geographical factors. Both internal factors and governmental policies had previously limited the ability of indigenous people to participate in governmental decisions affecting their lands, cultures, traditions, and the allocation of natural resources. Indigenous people also experienced some societal discrimination and reported incidents in which they were attacked and harassed. A 2003 Ministry of Planning survey reported that indigenous people earned 26% less than nonindigenous citizens for similar work.
Chile is one of the 20 countries to have signed and ratified the only binding international law concerning indigenous peoples, Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention, 1989. It was adopted in 1989 as the International Labour Organization Convention 169. Chile ratified the convention in 2008. In November 2009, a court decision in Chile, considered to be a landmark in indigenous rights concerns, made use of the ILO convention 169. The Supreme Court decision on Aymara water rights upheld rulings by both the Pozo Almonte tribunal and the Iquique Court of Appeals, and marked the first judicial application of ILO Convention 169 in Chile.
See also
Department of Indigenous Affairs "Dirección de Asuntos Indígenas" (DASIN, 1953–1972)
Institute for Indigenous Development "Instituto de Desarrollo Indígena" (IDI, 1972–1978)
National Indian Foundation (Brazil)
Convention No. 169
Declaración de las Naciones Unidas sobre los derechos de los pueblos indígenas
Bibliography
Decree N° 30, 27 May 1990 that created the Special Commission on Indigenous Peoples (CEPI) Full text on BCN The National Congress Library online (Biblioteca del Congreso Nacional)
Indigenous Law N° 19.253 Established the normative to support the development of indigenous peoples and created the National Corporation for the Indigenous Development "Corporación Nacional de Desarrollo Indígena" (CONADI). Full text in Spanish CONADI official website and BCN - National Congress Library online
Historical Truth and New Deal with Indigenous Peoples Commission "Comisión Verdad Histórica y Nuevo Trato con los Pueblos Indígenas" (2003) Historical Truth and New Deal with Indigenous Peoples Commission full report. Santiago, Chile.
Muñoz, Bernardo. 1999 Property rights and Indigenous peoples Derechos de propiedad y pueblos indígenas. ISSN 1020-5179 CEPAL United Nations, Santiago, Chile Full text in CEPAL website
Indigenous Rights Program of the Institute of Indigenous Studies at the Universidad de la Frontera "Programa de Derechos Indígenas del Instituto de Estudios Indígenas de la Universidad de la Frontera". (2003). The rights of indigenous peoples in Chile Report of the Indigenous Rights Program Los derechos de los pueblos indígenas en Chile Informe del Programa de Derechos Indígenas LOM Ediciones, Santiago, Chile. Full text in Spanish
See also
Indigenous peoples in Chile
References
External links
CONADI official website
Origenes program CONADI
Chile
Indigenous organizations
Ethnic groups in Chile
Indigenous peoples of the Andes
1993 establishments in Chile
1993 in Chilean law
Brother Jonathan was a weekly publication operated by Benjamin Day from 1842 to 1862, and was the first weekly illustrated publication in the United States.
History
Benjamin Day founded the first penny newspaper in the United States, The New York Sun, in 1833. He sold the paper to his brother-in-law, Moses Yale Beach, in 1838.
After trying a few other publishing ventures, in 1842 Day formed a partnership with James G. Wilson to publish the weekly Brother Jonathan in quarto format, focusing on reprinting English fiction (where no royalties were paid to the authors). However, the exact origins of the publication are a bit more complex, as Rufus Wilmot Griswold and Park Benjamin, Sr., who started the Evening Tattler in 1839, started publishing Brother Jonathan in folio format in July 1839, and it appears that Day and Wilson soon took over those publications. The January 1, 1842 edition of Brother Jonathan is still listed as Volume 1, No. 1, despite the prior issues.
In May 1843, Ann S. Stephens and her husband purchased the paper and invited critic and activist John Neal to become chief editor. During his term as editor, which lasted for the rest of that year, he used Brother Jonathan to publish his most influential statement on women's rights, the Rights of Women speech, as well as articles and short stories that argued for suffrage, property rights, equal pay, and better workplace conditions for women. The History of Woman Suffrage remembered that "Mr. Neal's lecture, published in The Brother Jonathan, was extensively copied, and ... had a wide, silent influence, preparing the way for action. It was a scathing satire, and men felt the rebuke."
Brother Jonathan became popular throughout the United States, and reportedly grew to a circulation of between 60–70,000.
The name of the publication was a reference to Brother Jonathan, a common cultural reference (at the time) to a fictional character personifying New England, similar in appearance to Uncle Sam.
Day kept the annual subscription price at $1 throughout the publication's existence, but stopped publishing in 1862 as paper prices rose, returning subscription fees with a note that he "would not publish a paper that could not be circulated for $1 a year."
References
External links
Brother Jonathan, Volume I (January 1 - April 23, 1842) (Google books)
Brother Jonathan, Volume II (April 30 - August 27, 1842) (Google books)
Newspapers established in 1842
Publications disestablished in 1862
Defunct newspapers published in New York City
1842 establishments in New York (state)
1862 disestablishments in New York (state)
This is a list of British tariffs.
1764: Sugar Act
1765: Customs, etc. Act 1765
1767: Townshend Acts
1778: Taxation of Colonies Act 1778
1815: Corn Laws
1860: Cobden–Chevalier Treaty
1931: Abnormal Importations (Customs Duties) Act 1931
1931: Horticultural Products (Emergency Customs Duties) Act 1931
1932: Import Duties Act 1932
Tariffs
Foreign trade of the United Kingdom
International trade-related lists
The Sale of Student Loans Act 2008 (c.10) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was passed to authorise the sale of the government's student loan portfolio to the private sector in order to raise revenue by secondary legislation. The act only extends to England and Wales as Scottish education is an exclusive competency of the Scottish Government and the powers to make the required secondary legislation for Wales are vested in Welsh Ministers.
References
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2008
Archduchess Elisabeth of Austria (31 May 1922 – 6 January 1993) was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine. She was the youngest daughter of Charles I, the last Emperor of Austria, and his wife, Princess Zita of Bourbon-Parma.
Family and early life
Elisabeth was born on 31 May 1922. Her father, Charles I, deposed since 1918, had fallen ill and died from pneumonia on 1 April 1922 two months before she was born. After his death, her pregnant mother Zita was invited by Alfonso XIII of Spain to live in Spain. Zita gave birth to Elisabeth in the Royal Palace of El Pardo in Madrid. She was named after Empress Elisabeth, the wife of Franz Joseph of Austria. Charles had picked the name long in advance, somehow knowing that the baby would be a girl. This new addition to the family had seven older siblings: five brothers (Otto, Robert, Felix, Carl Ludwig, and Rudolf) and two sisters (Adelheid and Charlotte).
By Alfonso's invitation, they took up residence in Palacio Uribarren at Lekeitio in the Bay of Biscay. For the next six years Zita settled in Lekeitio, where she got on with the job of raising and educating her children. Their lessons were under a strict regime, with the greatest volume applying to Otto, and decreasing by age, so that Elisabeth had the smallest workload. Their mother loved to have them all photographed in a line by height, with Otto (the tallest) at one end and Elisabeth (the shortest) at the other end. They lived with strained finances, mainly living on income from private property in Austria, income from a vineyard in Johannisberg, and voluntary collections. Other members of the exiled Habsburg dynasty, however, claimed much of this money, and there were regular petitions for help from former Imperial officials.
In 1929, Elisabeth's family moved to Steenokkerzeel, a small Belgian town near Brussels. As they had close relatives in Belgium, her oldest siblings chose to attend university there. They were forced to flee however in 1940 when German troops invaded Belgium. They narrowly missed being killed by a direct hit on the castle by German bombers and fled to Zita's brother Prince Xavier's French Castle in Bostz. With the assumption of power by the collaborationist government of Philippe Petain, the Habsburgs fled to the Spanish border, reaching it on 18 May. They moved on to Portugal where the U.S. Government granted the family exit visas on 9 July. After a perilous journey they arrived in New York City on 27 July, having family in Long Island and Newark, New Jersey; at one point, Zita and several of her children lived, as long-term house-guests, in Tuxedo Park, at Suffern, New York.
The Austrian imperial refugees eventually settled in Quebec, which had the advantage of being French-speaking (the younger children, including Elisabeth, were not yet fluent in English). As they were cut off from all European funds, finances were more stretched than ever. At one stage, their mother was reduced to making salad and spinach dishes from dandelion leaves. However, all her brothers were active in the war effort. Otto promoted the dynasty's role in a post-war Europe and met regularly with Franklin Roosevelt; Robert was the Habsburg representative in London; Carl Ludwig and Felix joined the United States Army, serving with several American-raised Austrians of the Mauerer noble clan; Rudolf smuggled himself into Austria in the final days of the war to help organize the resistance.
Marriage
On 12 September 1949, Elisabeth married Prince Heinrich of Liechtenstein in Lignières, France. He was a son of Prince Alfred Roman of Liechtenstein (himself a son of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein) and Princess Theresia Maria of Oettingen-Oettingen. He was also a cousin of the reigning Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein.
They had five children:
Ancestry
References
Sources
1922 births
1993 deaths
House of Habsburg-Lorraine
Austrian princesses
House of Liechtenstein
People from Madrid
Daughters of emperors
Saeed Ahmad Akbarabadi (1908 – 24 May 1985) was an Indian Islamic scholar and an Urdu-language author who co-founded the Nadwatul Musannifeen. He served as the Dean of the Faculty of Theology in Aligarh Muslim University.
Akbarabadi was an alumnus of Jamia Qasmia Madrasa Shahi, Darul Uloom Deoband, St. Stephen's College, Delhi and the Oriental College, Lahore. He taught at Jamia Islamia Talimuddin, Madrassa-e-Aalia, Fatehpuri, Aligarh Muslim University, University of Calicut and the McGill University. He authored books including Fehm-e-Quran, Ghulaman-e-Islam, Siddiq-e-Akbar and Musalmano Ka Urooj-o-Zawal. His students include Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq and Mushir-ul-Haq.
Birth and education
Saeed Ahmad Akbarabadi was born in the colonial Indian city of Agra in 1908. He studied his primary classes at home, then he studied in Jamia Qasmia Madrasa Shahi, and later graduated from the Darul Uloom Deoband. There he studied under Anwar Shah Kashmiri, Shabbir Ahmad Usmani and Ibrahim Balyawi. He then undertook specialist courses at Oriental College, Lahore. During the period, Akbarabadi was appointed as a teacher of oriental languages in Madrasa-e-Aaliya, Fatehpuri. He gained a Master of Arts degree in Arabic from St. Stephen's College, Delhi.
Career
After completing studies at Oriental College, Lahore, Akbarabadi taught at Jamia Islamia Talimuddin, Dabhel. He then taught oriental languages in Madrassa-e-Aalia, Fatehpuri. After completing his M.A from St. Stephen's College, Delhi, he became a lecturer in the same college. In the meantime Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq (Former President of Pakistan) became his student. In 1938, Akbarabadi established Nadwatul Musannifeen along with Atiqur Rahman Usmani, Hamid al-Ansari Ghazi and Hifzur Rahman Seoharwi. In 1948, he became Principal of the Madrassa-e-Aliya, Calcutta.
In 1958, Akbarabadi became the Dean of the Faculty of Theology in the Aligarh Muslim University. He transformed a weak faculty and introduced graduate teaching and a doctoral programme. He supervised his (and the faculty's) first doctoral thesis, on Anwar Shah Kashmiri, which was later published by Aligarh Muslim University in 1974.
During 1961 and 1963, Akbarabadi was invited by Wilfred Cantwell Smith to be a visiting Professor in the Institute of Islamic Studies at the McGill University in Canada. His students at the institute included Mushir-ul-Haq, the former vice-chancellor of the University of Kashmir. He retired from the AMU in 1972.
After that, he was a Visiting Professor at the University of Calicut and then at Aligarh Muslim University. Darul Uloom Deoband then made him Director of its new research department, Shaikhul Hind Academy, a post he held from 25 December 1982 until his death on 24 May 1985.
Literary works
Akbarabadi wrote books including:
Al-riq fi al-Islam
Fehm-e-Quran
Ghulaman-e-Islam
Hindustan ki shar'i haisiyat
Hind Pak̄istān kī taḥrīk-i āzādī aur ʻulamāʼe ḥaqq kā siyāsī muʼaqqaf
K̲h̲ut̤bāt-i Iqbāl par ek naẓar
Musalmano Ka Urooj-o-Zawal
Siddiq-e-Akbar
Maulana Ubaidullah Sindhi aur unke Naaqid
Uthman Zinnurayn
Wahi Ilahi
Legacy
Studies of Akbarabadi include:
Maulana Saeed Ahmad Akbarabadi: Ahwaal-Aasaar by Dr Masood Alam Qasmi
Maulana Saeed Ahmad Akbarabadi: Hayat-o-Khidmat by Dr Qaiser Habeeb Hashmi
Maulana Saeed Ahmad Akbarabadi aur unki Adbi Khidmat by Miss Jahan Ara (Thesis submitted in Punjab University, Lahore).
See also
Syed Mehboob Rizwi
Muhammad Taqi Amini
References
Bibliography
Indian Muslims
1908 births
1985 deaths
Deobandis
Indian Sunni Muslim scholars of Islam
20th-century Indian historians
Indian Muslim historians of Islam
Muslim historians
People from Agra
Madrasa Shahi alumni
Darul Uloom Deoband alumni
Nadwatul Musannifeen
Students of Anwar Shah Kashmiri
1983 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 77th water polo championship in Hungary. There were fourteen teams who played two round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1983 in water polo
1983 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Carlos Collado Mena (born 12 July 1938) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) from the Region of Murcia who served as the second President of the Region of Murcia from March 1984 to April 1993.
References
1938 births
Presidents of the Region of Murcia
Members of the Regional Assembly of Murcia
Politicians from the Region of Murcia
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
Living people
Members of the 2nd Senate of Spain
Aleksei Vyacheslavovich Shemetov (; born 27 April 1973) is a former Russian football player.
References
1973 births
Living people
Russian footballers
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
Russian Premier League players
FC Torpedo NN Nizhny Novgorod players
FC Nizhny Novgorod (2007) players
Association football midfielders
Micropia is the name of a family of LTR retrotransposons widespread in the genomes of fruitflies of the genus Drosophila. Micropia retrotransposons in some species of Drosophila express a male germline-specific and meiotic-specific antisense transcript complementary to the reverse transcriptase (RT) and ribonuclease A (RNaseA) genes of the proviral retrotransposon. No active transposition of micropia has been registered so far. micropia is likely part of a selfish driver system responsible for the Drosophila Y chromosomal lampbrushloop evolution in some species.
Micropia was discovered after micro-cloning experiments carried out on Y-chromosomal lampbrush loops by Prof. Wolfgang Hennig. Similar loops can be found in lampbrush chromosomes (see Lampbrush chromosome) that are characteristic for the female germ cells of most animals, except mammals. The name micropia is an artificial word, i.e. a concoction of "microcloning" and "copia-like element".
References
Burt, A., and R. Trivers. 2006. Genes in Conflict. The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Ma; London.
Mobile genetic elements
The Men's European Football Qualifiers for the 1972 Summer Olympics consisted of two stages, the first single elimination tournament and then group stage.
Play-off stage
|}
Group stage
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
|}
References
Football qualification for the 1968 Summer Olympics
The Southeast Asia Institute was an early academic institute devoted to Southeast Asian studies. It is said to be the first United States institution employing the term "Southeast Asia".
History
The Institute was originally organized as the East Indies Institute of America, with Austrian scholar Robert Heine-Geldern playing a lead role in the formation. It was established on July 31, 1941, in New York City with a branch in Berkeley. Margaret Mead, Claire Holt, Raymond Kennedy, and Arthur Schiller served on its board.
By 1946 the Institute claimed a total of 326 members, and had changed its name by majority vote to make it "clear that the Institute's area of research and study comprises the East Indies, the Philippines, Malaya, Burma, Siam and Indo-China", as recorded in a special issue of the Far Eastern Quarterly (1946).
The Institute was later absorbed into the Association for Asian Studies.
References
"Southeast Asia Institute", The Far Eastern Quarterly, Vol. 5, No. 2 (Feb., 1946), pp. 219–224.
John Bowen, "The Development of Southeast Asian Studies in the United States", UCIAS Edited Volume 3, The Politics of Knowledge: Area Studies and the Disciplines, 2003.
Research institutes in the United States
Southeast Asian studies
Ken and Jonathan is an Australian daytime television series which aired in 1964. Featuring Ken Delo and Jonathan Daly, it was a game show which aired on the Seven Network. The series featured two segments, Who Do You Trust? and Name that Tune. Their prime-time variety series, The Delo and Daly Show continued its run while the daytime series aired. The series aired in a 60-minute time-slot.
References
External links
1964 Australian television series debuts
1964 Australian television series endings
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
1960s Australian game shows
Seven Network original programming
William Barber, Bill Barber or Billy Barber may refer to:
Politicians
William Barber (MP for Bedford), Member of Parliament (MP) for Bedford
William Barber (MP for Dunwich), MP for Dunwich
William Barber (Ontario politician) (1808–1887), Canadian businessman and politician
William Alonzo Barber (1843–?), Wisconsin politician, soldier, businessman, banker and educator
William Henry Peter Barber (1857–1943), New Zealand politician
Reverend William Barber II (born 1963), North Carolina minister and political leader
Sports
William Barber (Hambledon cricketer) (1734–1805), English cricketer of the Hambledon Club in the 1760s and 1770s
William Barber (Sheffield cricketer) (1797–?), English cricketer, played for Sheffield
William Barber (Nottinghamshire cricketer) (1881–1971), English cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire
William Barber (cricketer, born 1906) (1906–1981), English cricketer
William Barber (cricketer, born 1919) (1919–1989), English cricketer
Bill Barber (born 1952), Canadian ice hockey player
Bill Barber (tennis) (born 1970), American tennis player
Billy Barber (boxer) (1928–2004), Australian boxer
Musicians
Bill Barber (musician) (1920–2007), jazz musician (tuba)
Billy Barber (musician), keyboardist and composer
Others
William Barber (engraver) (1807–1879), Chief Engraver of the United States Mint
Sir William Barber, 1st Baronet (1860–1927), English solicitor, property developer and philanthropist
William E. Barber (1919–2002), United States Marine Corps colonel and Korean War recipient of the Medal of Honor
William Swinden Barber (1832–1908), Gothic Revival and Arts and Crafts architect
See also
William Barbour (disambiguation)
Mansour Al-Juaid (born 1 July 1948) is a Saudi Arabian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Saudi Arabian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Saudi Arabia
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Saudi Arabian people
21st-century Saudi Arabian people
Angles is the debut album by dan le sac vs Scroobius Pip, released on 12 May 2008. It entered and peaked at #31 on the UK album chart. Most of the album was recorded in a friend of Scroobius Pip's shed in Essex and dan le sac's back bedroom.
Track listing
Also released was an iTunes Bonus Video Version with a shortened version of "Waiting for the Beat to Kick In...", and the track "Reading My Dreams" was used as a separate track.
When the album was released in the United States by Strange Famous Records, it had a different track listing.
Production notes
"Fixed" features a sample from Dizzee Rascal's "Fix Up, Look Sharp", which itself is a sample of Billy Squier's "The Big Beat".
"Letter from God to Man" features a sample from Radiohead's song "Planet Telex", a song featured on the album The Bends. It was also made available as a free download from the band's MySpace website on Christmas Day, 2007.
References
2008 debut albums
Dan le Sac Vs Scroobius Pip albums
Strange Famous Records albums
FC Medyk Morshyn was a Ukrainian football club from Morshyn, Lviv Oblast.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|1993–94
|3rd (lower)
|18
|34
|3
|4
|27
|15
|78
|11
|DNP
|—
|—
|Relegated
|-
|1994–95
|4th
|6
|26
|9
|4
|11
|28
|40
|31
|
|—
|—
|
|-
|1996–97
|4th
|4
|12
|2
|2
|8
|5
|18
|8
|
|—
|—
|
|}
External links
1993–94 Ukrainian Third League standing
Medyk Morshyn at footballfacts.ru
See also
FC Skala Morshyn
Medyk Morshyn, FC
Football clubs in Lviv Oblast
Association football clubs disestablished in 1997
1997 disestablishments in Ukraine
MV Le Joola was a Senegalese government-owned roll-on/roll-off ferry that capsized off the coast of The Gambia on 26 September 2002, with 1,863 deaths and 64 survivors. It is thought to be the second-worst non-military disaster in maritime history.
The ship was plying the route from Ziguinchor in the Casamance region to the Senegalese capital, Dakar, when it ran into a violent storm, farther out to sea than it was licensed to sail. The estimated 2,000 passengers aboard (about half of whom lacked tickets) would have amounted to nearly four times the ship's design load. The large numbers sleeping on-deck (and thus above its center of buoyancy) added further instability. Rescue operations did not start for several hours.
A government inquiry principally blamed negligence, and accusations were levelled at both the Senegalese president and prime minister.
The ship
The ship was named Le Joola after the Jola people of southern Senegal. Constructed in Germany and delivered in 1990, it was long and wide, had two motors, and was equipped with some of the latest safety equipment available at the time of the disaster. Le Joola usually traveled twice a week and often carried women who sold mangoes and palm oil in Dakar. At the time of the disaster, the ship had been out of service for almost a year undergoing repairs, which included replacement of the port engine.
Voyage and incident
At about 1:30 pm on 26 September 2002, Le Joola set sail from Ziguinchor in the Casamance region on one of its frequent trips between southern Senegal and Dakar. Although the ship was designed to carry a maximum of 580 passengers and crew, an estimated 1,863 passengers are believed to have been on board, including 185 people who boarded the ship from Carabane, an island where there was no formal port of entry or exit for passengers. The exact number of passengers remains unknown (some Senegalese organizations put the number at over 2,000), but there were 1,034 travelers with tickets. The rest of the passengers were either not required to hold tickets (children aged less than 5) or had been permitted to travel for free, as often happened.
The last call from the ferry staff was broadcast to a maritime security center in Dakar at 10 pm and reported good sailing conditions. At around 11pm, the ship sailed into a storm off the coast of the Gambia. As a result of the rough seas and wind, the ferry capsized, throwing passengers and cargo into the sea, all within five minutes.
While many of the ship's passengers may have died during or immediately following the capsizing, a large number probably survived, only to drown while awaiting rescue. Government rescue teams did not arrive at the scene until the morning following the accident, although local fishermen rescued some survivors from the sea several hours before. Only 64 passengers survived. Of more than 600 women on board, only one woman, Mariama Diouf, survived; she was pregnant at the time.
Some time before official rescue teams arrived, local fishermen with pirogues in the area of the tragedy started the first efforts to pull survivors out of the water. They were able to rescue a few people but also recovered several bodies that were floating around Le Joola. At 2pm, they rescued a 15-year-old boy. The boy confirmed that there were still many people trapped alive inside the ship; there were reports of noises and screaming coming from within.
Le Joola remained capsized but afloat until around 3pm, at which point it finally sank stern first, taking with it those who were unable to get out of the ship.
Causes
The colossal loss of life caused by the tragedy was a great shock to many in Senegal and immediately led to calls from the press and public for an explanation of the disaster. The Senegalese government established an inquiry to investigate. The French courts also launched a probe into the disaster as several French nationals were among the dead. According to many sources, the accident was caused by a variety of factors, including possible negligence. While rough seas and wind were directly responsible for the capsizing, the ferry was built only to be sailed in coastal waters but was sailing beyond this coastal limit when it capsized. Overcrowding is one of the most commonly mentioned factors in the disaster, both for the capsizing and the high number of deaths. Due to the heat and claustrophobic conditions below deck, as many passengers as possible usually slept on the upper level, making the ship more unstable. The ship was only 12 years old and was built to be in service for at least 30 years but had suffered a number of technical problems in the years before it capsized. These problems are now attributed to poor maintenance by its owners and not to any design or manufacturing flaws.
Deaths
At least 1,863 people died, although the exact number will never be known due to a large number of unticketed passengers on board. Among the dead were 1,201 male victims (61.5%) and 682 female victims (34.9%). The sex of 70 victims is unknown. The dead included passengers from at least 11 countries beside Senegal: Cameroon, Guinea, Ghana, Nigeria, France, Spain, Norway, Belgium, Lebanon, Switzerland, and the Netherlands.
On 28 September 2002, environmental activist Haïdar El Ali and his diving team explored the disaster area. They saw no survivors, but many bodies of men, women and children inside the ship. 300 corpses trapped inside were freed. Another 100 that were around the ship were also recovered. 551 dead bodies were recovered in total. Of that number, 93 were identifiable and given back to families. The remaining bodies were put to rest in specially-constructed cemeteries in Kabadio, Kantene, Mbao, and on the Gambian coast. National funerals were held on 11 October 2002, at the Esplanade du Souvenir in Dakar.
Reparations and memorials
The Senegalese government initially offered families a payment of around US$22,000 per victim and fired several officials, but no one has ever been prosecuted, and the official report was closed a year after the disaster. Officials were charged with failure to respond quickly enough to the disaster, including high-ranking members of the Armed Forces of Senegal who were moved to other posts. Despite this, little light was ever cast upon those who allowed the ferry to be overloaded or poorly maintained. Prime Minister Mame Madior Boye was dismissed by President Abdoulaye Wade after the disaster with much of her cabinet, reportedly for mishandling the rescue. In the 2007 election, Wade's rival and former Prime Minister, Moustapha Niasse, accused Wade of covering up their responsibility for the disaster. Families of victims, many of whom have been unwilling or unable to claim reparation, have continued to be highly critical of the government over its handling of the rescue, the operation of the ferry which led to the disaster, and the reparation process.
The families of French victims refused the 2003 reparations packages, and have pursued the Senegalese authorities in French courts. On 12 September 2008, French judge Jean-Wilfrid Noël handed down an indictment of nine Senegalese officials, including Boye and former Army Chief of Staff General Babacar Gaye. Senegalese official and popular reaction against these charges coming from the former colonial power have been hostile, with the Senegalese government issuing an arrest warrant for Noël in return.
A documentary by Senegalese journalist Papa Moctar Selane was broadcast on the ninth anniversary of the tragedy, 26 September 2011. The documentary detailed the story of some of the survivors and questioned the slow rescue work.
Senegalese footballer Aliou Cisse lost 12 members of his family in the incident, and his club Birmingham City, in England, displayed a large Senegalese flag to remember the midfielder's family and the other people who lost their lives.
Status of disaster
The sinking of Le Joola is the second-worst non-military maritime disaster in number of lives lost. The first is considered to be in 1987 with an estimated number of over 4,000 dead. , which sank in 1912 with 1,517 dead, would be third according to the World Almanac and the New York Times.
See also
Maritime disasters
References
Further reading
External links
Official website of the Association of the Families of the Victims.
2002 disasters in Africa
Ferries of Senegal
Maritime incidents in 2002
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Shipwrecks of Africa
History of Senegal
2002 in Senegal
2002 in the Gambia
1990 ships
Hyundai Engineering (HEC) or Hyundai Engineering Co. is a company established in 1974, that does engineer work covering the entire project life cycle, including feasibility study, basic and detailed design, procuring, commissioning and operation, and maintenance.
HEC provides comprehensive engineering and construction services for plant and infrastructure projects including building and housing work.
Major affiliates
Hyundai Engineering & Construction
Hyundai Motor Company
Kia Motors
Overseas branch offices
-Asia
Hyundai Engineering China
Hyundai Engineering Rizhao, China
Hyundai Engineering Shanghai, China
Hyundai Engineering India
Hyundai Engineering Indonesia
Hyundai Engineering Malaysia
Hyundai Engineering Cambodia
Hyundai Engineering Vietnam
Hyundai Engineering Turkmenistan
Hyundai Engineering Uzbekistan
-Middle East
Hyundai Engineering UAE
Hyundai Engineering Iran
-Europe
Hyundai Engineering Russia
Hyundai Engineering Germany
Hyundai Engineering Slovakia
Hyundai Engineering Turkey
Hyundai Engineering Czech Republic
-America
Hyundai Engineering United States of America
Hyundai Engineering Brazil
Hyundai Engineering Mexico
Hyundai Engineering Co. Ltd. Sucursal Colombia
-Africa
Hyundai Engineering Algeria
History
December 1973 – Registered as a vendor at the Korean Ministry of Science and Technology (For plant engineering, specialty technology service)
February 1974 – Established Hyundai Technology Development Co., Ltd.
November 1980 – Merged with Halla Engineering Co., Ltd
March 1982 – Changed the name to “Hyundai Engineering Co., Ltd”
January 1985 – Performed overseas consulting projects as the first private company in Korea (i.e. 5th and 6th electricity projects in Nepal)
April 1991 – Receive “”Iron tower order of industrial service” on the 24th World Science Day (한국어보고)
May 1996 – Received award by the Minister of Government Administration and Home Affairs for “the second award for innovative Management for the private and public sectors” (Korea Chamber of Commerce & Industry, ministry of Government Administration and Home Affairs.
September 1996 – Received award by the Prime Minister for “The environmental technology award” (Ministry of Government Administration and Home Affairs)
May 1999 – Merging with Hyundai Engineering & Construction
January 2001 – Separated from Hyundai Engineering & Construction
June 2001 – Moved to the new office in Mok-dong
November 2001 – Established the research institute
December 2003 – Increased of capital to 18.9 billion Korean won (participation in the share of Korea Development Bank)
June 2004 – Received an award from the Minister of Commerce, Industry and Energy for “The First National Environment – Friendly Management Award”
December 2005 – Declared the new vision of the company “HEC 2010”
January 2007 – Inauguration of the CEO, Joong Kyum KIM
April 2007 – Hyundai Engineering was awarded the prize of “Civil Engineering Structure” of the year
June 2007 – Hyundai Engineering was awarded for “2007 National Environmental Prize”
July 2008 – Reorganization of Hyundai Engineering (HEC)
February 2009 – 35th anniversary of Hyundai Engineering Co. Ltd & the pronouncement for the VISION 2015
March 2009 – Inauguration of the new CEO Dong Wook KIM, won the first prize in Engineering Section at “2009 Overseas Construction”, Won the Golden Medal at this year's “Top Civil Engineering Structure” with Ma-Chang Great Bridge
October 2009 – Won the “10th Grand Prize of Korea Financial management” (Major Corporate Field) & Hyundai Engineering won the “Prize of Minister of the Environment” in the Merit Award Ceremony of Building Environment-Friendly Industry & Low Carbon- Green Growth
December 2009 – Awarded a billion-dollar project in Turkmenistan “gas Desulfurization Plant”
March 2010 – Hyundai Engineering, awarded for the “Tin Tower Order of Industrial Service Merit for the Tax Payer's Day”
August 2010 – Ranks 69th of the top 200 international design firms in the world
April 2011 – Incorporated into Hyundai Motor Group
June 2011 – Inauguration of the new CEO Wee Chul Kim (President & CEO)
July 2011 – Ranks 54th of the top 200 international design firms in the world
January 2012 – Ranks 1st on the Amount of global contract won among Korean construction firms in 2011
July 2012 – Ranks 47th of the top 225 international design firms
July 2013 – Ranks 36th of the top 225 international design firms
December 2013 – Awarded Export Tower of 2 Billion Dollars on the 50th Day of Trade
April 2014 – Merged with Hyundai Amco
October 2014 – Credit ratings upgraded to 'AA-'
August 2015 – Ranks 26th of the top 225 international design firms in the world
November 2015 – Acquired ISO 27001 Certificates
June 2016 – Awarded both ‘Golden Valve Award' and ‘Platinum Pipe Award' at 2016 Intergraph Awards
July 2016 – Ranks 21st of the top 225 international design firms in the world
March 2016 – Awarded a 2.93 billion-dollar project in Kuwait "Al-Zour LNG Import Terminal”
September 2016 – Successfully completed the KMM Complete-Auto Plant in Mexico
July 2017 – Ranks 24th of the top 225 international design firms in the world
February 2017 – Inauguration of the new CEO Sang Rok Sung (President & CEO)
September 2017 – Turkmenistan TACE Site Achieves 60 Million Injury-Free Manhours
November 2017 – HEC Uzbekistan office wins the Presidential Commendation for Global CSR in ‘The 5th Most Beloved Companies in Korea Awards'
December 2017 – Receives Commendation Award from the President of the Republic of Korea during “The Korean Government's Rewarding of Those Who Have Contributed to Creating Jobs”
July 2018 – Ranks 29th of the top 225 international design firms in the world
August 2018 Ranks sixth in the 2018 construction capability assessment, whose results were announced by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport (MOLIT)
See also
Economy of South Korea
List of South Korean companies
References
External links
Hyundai Engineering Hikot Page
HYUNDAI CONGLOMERATES OF KOREA
Hyundai Engineering website
Hyundai Engineering website
Hyundai Engineering Blog Page
Construction and civil engineering companies of South Korea
Recipients of the Order of Industrial Service Merit
Hyundai Motor Group
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1974
South Korean companies established in 1974
Miloš Brezinský (born 2 April 1984 in Trenčín) is a Slovak former football defender.
Poli Timișoara
He signed with FC Timişoara in the summer of 2008. On 23 July 2010, he was released from his contract.
Honours
Club
Sparta Prague
Czech Cup: 2007–08
Viktoria Plzeň
Czech League: 2010–11
Czech Supercup: 2011
International
Slovakia U20
2003 FIFA U-20 World Cup: Participation
Slovakia U19
2002 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship – Third place
References
External links
iDNES.cz profile
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Trenčín
Slovak footballers
FK Mladá Boleslav players
MŠK Rimavská Sobota players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
SK Kladno players
FC Slovan Liberec players
AC Sparta Prague players
FC Viktoria Plzeň players
SK Dynamo České Budějovice players
FC Akzhayik players
ŠKF Sereď players
Slovak Super Liga players
1. FC Tatran Prešov players
Slovakia international footballers
Slovakia youth international footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Czech First League players
Liga I players
Association football central defenders
Virginia's 11th House of Delegates district elects one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. District 11 represents part of Fairfax County. The district is currently represented by Democrat Kaye Kory.
Electoral history
In the 1982, a general election was held for all Virginia House of Delegates seats following redistricting (typically Virginia's state-level legislative elections are held on odd-number years). That year, Democrat Nora Anderson Squyres narrowly defeated Republican Gwendalyn F. Cody in the contest to represent the 38th district, winning by just 180 votes; however, another general election was held the following year and Cody defeated Squyres. Cody then served a two-year term before being defeated by Democrat Leslie Byrne in 1985. Byrne represented the seat for the next six years until her election to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1992 (becoming the first woman ever elected to represent Virginia in the House). Democrat Robert D. Hull won the December 1992 special election to fill the vacated seat. He was subsequently reelected seven times (consecutively), serving until he faced a primary challenge from Democrat Kaye Kory, who had previously served on the Fairfax County School Board. Kory won the primary by a narrow margin and was elected to the seat in 2009, winning the general with just under 60% of the vote. Since then, Kory has been re-elected four times (2011, 2013, 2015 and 2017), generally earning about 75% of the vote.
In 2019, Kory faces her first primary challenge, from Andres Jimenez.
District officeholders
References
Virginia House of Delegates districts
Government in Fairfax County, Virginia
Anupama Puchimanda (8 July 1980 - 18 April 2021) was an Indian athlete who competed nationally in field hockey and officiated internationally as an umpire. In 2006, she was the first Indian woman to umpire at the Commonwealth Games. She officiated over 90 international hockey matches, including the Asian Games, Central American and Caribbean Games, the FIH Junior World Cup, and the East Asian Games, as well as over 100 Indian hockey matches during her career.
Biography
Puchimanda was born in Virajpet, Karnataka and earned a degree in law. In April 2021, Puchimanda contracted and died of COVID-19 at the age of 41. She was married to Mithun Mandanna.
Career
Puchimanda began her hockey career in 1995, competing in a sub-junior National championship and representing the State of Karnataka. She later represented the senior team at the same championship, played for Mangalore University's hockey team, and became a hockey umpire for the State of Karnataka in 2004. She played in the mid-field and right flank.
She was involved in the development of hockey as a sport in the state of Karnataka, and served as an executive member of the Karnataka State Hockey Association. In 2004, Puchimanda was selected by the erstwhile Indian Hockey Federation to act as an umpire for women's hockey matches.
In 2006, Puchimanda became the first woman from India to officiate at the Commonwealth Games, acting as an umpire for women's hockey. She later officiated at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games as well as the Asian Games, FIH junior World Cup and East Asian Games. She also officiated at the BDO Junior World Cup (Women) (2005,Santiago), the Hero Hockey World League Round-2 (Women) (2013, Delhi) and the 2013 Women's Asia Cup (Kuala Lumpur). In 2012, she officiated at the Women's Four Nations Hockey Tournament. During her career, she officiated over 90 international hockey matches, as well as an equivalent amount of national and state matches in India.
Awards and honours
In 2011, she was one of several people who received a Namma Bengaluru Award from the city of Bengaluru for her achievements in sports.
References
1980 births
2021 deaths
People from Karnataka
Indian female field hockey players
Field hockey umpires
Sportswomen from Karnataka
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in India
Woman referees and umpires
The football tournament at the 1997 West Asian Games took place from 20 to 27 November 1997.
The host team Iran (represented by under 23 squad) won the gold medal in round robin competition, Syria won the silver and Kuwait finished with the bronze medal.
Results
References
WAG federation website
External links
RSSSF
International association football competitions hosted by Iran
West Asian Games
1997 West Asian Games
Avenue of Mysteries is a 2015 novel by American author John Irving, his 14th novel. The book was published in November 2015 by Simon & Schuster.
Synopsis
The narrative traces the life of Juan Diego, an aging writer, who travels to the Philippines while struggling with his memories of growing up as a boy in Mexico. As Ron Charles in The Washington Post noted,
Reception
Initial reviews just before and after publication of Avenue of Mysteries were, in general, laudatory. In the New York Times Book Review, novelist Tayari Jones was particularly effusive in her admiration, even though she was careful to distinguish Avenue of Mysteries from Irving's masterpieces, among these The Cider House Rules and A Prayer for Owen Meany. If below the standard of these latter novels, nevertheless Jones thought that Avenue of Mysteries held its own:
Kirkus Reviews offered the novel muted praise: "although not as irresistible as early works such as The World According to Garp and The Hotel New Hampshire, a welcome return to form." Washington Post Book World editor Ron Charles found vintage Irving here, the author casting familiar elements and themes within "new permutations" amidst "a particularly touching and sometimes farcical story of two siblings and their makeshift family." This same reviewer also noted that although Irving does not shirk from depicting a "dangerous, violent world", the story was cast in a semi-comical glow that was reminiscent of John Steinbeck's Cannery Row.
References
External links
Author's web site.
Canadian publisher's web site.
US publisher's web site.
UK publisher's web site.
John Irving in conversation with Jeanette Winterson about Avenue of Mysteries
2015 American novels
Novels about writers
Novels by John Irving
Novels set in Manila
Novels set in Mexico
Jack Boul (born February 8, 1927) is an artist and teacher based in Washington, D.C., whose oil paintings, monotypes and sculpture are included in museums including the National Gallery of Art and the Phillips Collection.
His work has also been exhibited at the Corcoran Gallery of Art, the Baltimore Museum of Art, the Mint Museum, and Stanford University's Art Gallery in Washington. He taught for many years at American University and was one of the founding members of the non-profit Washington Studio School.
Biography
Boul was born in Brooklyn in 1927 and raised in the South Bronx. He attended the American Artist's School in New York before serving in the United States Army. In 1945-46 he served as a sergeant in an Engineer's battalion as part of the U.S. Occupational Forces in and around Pisa, Italy. After the war he moved to Seattle, Washington, where he studied at the Cornish School of Art, graduating in 1951. Later that year, he moved to Washington, D.C. to continue his studies at American University.
Exhibitions
Boul exhibited in the Annual Area Exhibition at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in 1951 and again in 1954, 1956, and 1958. In 1957, he received his first solo exhibition at the Franz Bader Gallery attracting positive reviews that cited him as a promising young artist. In 1960, he had a one-man show at the Watkins Gallery of Art at American University. Boul had his first museum exhibition in 1974 at the Baltimore Museum of Art. In 1986, he was part of a two-person exhibition at the Mint Museum in Charlotte North Carolina with his friend, Pete DeAnna. That exhibition was later shown at the University of Maryland.
In 2000, the Corcoran Gallery of Art featured a large retrospective of Boul's work in an exhibition "Intimate Impressions: Monotypes and Paintings by Jack Boul" that was curated by Dr. Eric Denker.
That Corcoran show garnered positive reviews including one by Paul Richard, the longtime art critic at The Washington Post. In his review of that show, Richard wrote of Boul: "His subjects are as unthreatening as a stroll in the country or a visit to the Phillips. He sees an empty wheelbarrow bright in the back yard, glowing in the sunshine of a summer afternoon, and in a few strokes captures the essence of that vision. His monotype technique evokes Edgar Degas'. The modernists of Paris liked to walk through neighborhoods and record the quotidian. Boul sees a bald man in a barbershop getting a haircut, and, through a flurry of his dispersed markings, so do we. He sees a couple dining in Baltimore at Haussner's, or his wife reading the newspaper in the living room, or cows. Nice bucolic cows. The man makes pleasant pictures. And they are pictures with an unexpected kick. Boul's retrospective at the Corcoran delivers to the brain bracing little jolts of a strong emotion sensed seldom in contemporary art."
In 2017, Stanford University's Art Gallery in Washington featured a large retrospective of Boul's work in an exhibition titled "Jack Boul at 90". Stanford's director there, Adrienne Jamieson, wrote in the exhibition's catalogue: "Throughout his over six decades of making art in Washington and its environs, Jack Boul has captured the quotidian: the gently illuminated interior of a cafe or his own studio; the geometric shapes that compromise a cityscape; a pastoral scene anchored by beautifully painted cows. His singular talent shines through each piece, as gentle gradations of color emerge from his deft handling of brush and paint."
Teaching
Boul has taught art at many varied venues from the Scuola Internazionale di Grafica in Venice, Italy, to Montgomery College in Takoma Park, Maryland, and the Chestnut Lodge psychiatric institution in Rockville, Maryland. In 1969, he was appointed to the art faculty at American University and during his 15-year tenure there showed regularly at the school's Watkins Gallery. In 1984, he was one of the founding faculty members at the Washington Studio School where he taught painting, drawing and monotype for more than a decade. He retired from the Studio School in 1994 to devote his time to printmaking and painting.
Collections
Jack Boul's works are included in many private and public collections in America. Boul has paintings, monotypes and sculpture in museums that include the National Gallery of Art, The San Francisco Art Museum Legion of Honor, the Phillips Collection of Washington DC, the Corcoran Legacy Collection at American University, the Los Angeles Museum of the Holocaust, and the Stanford University collection in Washington DC.
Holocaust series of monotypes
While serving in the US Army as a young soldier in Italy at the end of World War II, Boul has said he was profoundly affected by official government photos of the atrocities at Nazi concentration camps. Years later, he created a series of 17 monoprints depicting stark images of Holocaust victims. He has said it was important to memorialize this dark moment in history. Boul's Holocaust series was first exhibited at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in 2000. It was later donated to Los Angeles Museum of the Holocaust in 2008. “Jack Boul's series is more than simply about the Holocaust as a pictorial record,” wrote Dr. Eric Denker, Senior Lecturer at the National Gallery of Art in Washington. “It transcends that, in the way that great art always transcends the immediacy of its subject…As with Kahlo, as with Goya, it's an anti-war tract of great power."
Selected oil paintings
Selected Monotypes
References
External links
Jack Boul Official Website
Jack Boul – Artist Information – National Gallery of Art
Jack Boul – List of Exhibitions – Artsy
Jack Boul Monoprints at the Los Angeles Museum of the Holocaust
1927 births
Living people
Artists from Washington, D.C.
20th-century American painters
American University alumni
Artists from Brooklyn
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
American University faculty and staff
Ahura Mazda and Ardashir I is a rock relief from Sasanian Persia. It is also known as The inscription of Ardashir-e Babakan and Hormozd or Coronation of Ardashir-e Babakan. This relief was carved around 235 which makes it one of the oldest Sasanian rock reliefs. The relief is well-preserved and is mostly unharmed. It is located in the east corner of Naqsh-e Rostam and was carved 2 meters above the ground. The relief has 6.65m width and 2.40m height.
The inscription shows Ardashir I's coronation ceremony in which he receives his kingship seal from Ahura Mazda (or Hormozd) and Ahura Mazda appoints him as the Shahanshah of Ērānshahr. Ardashir I and Ahuramazda are both on horseback, facing each other. In this scene, Ardashir receives the kingship ring from Ahuramazda. The man behind Ahuramazda on the left side of the relief is the high priest Kartir. Ardashir's horse is trampling Artabanus V, the last king of Parthian Empire also Ahura Mazda horse is trampling the devil's dead body.
Inscription
There's an inscription on Ardashir's horse in three languages: Middle Persian, Parthian and Greek. The inscription reads as "This is the figure of Mazdaworshiper, the lord Ardashir, Shahanshah of Iran, whose lineage is from Gods, the son of the lord Papak, the king". There's also another inscription on Ahuramazda's horse in aforementioned languages. The Greek version of this inscription reads as "This is the figure of the God Zeus", whereas the Middle Persian version reads as "This is the figure of the God Ahuramazda".
This inscription seems to be the oldest inscription from the Sasanian period. Above the Ahura Mazda's figure, there's another three small inscriptions in the aforementioned languages with same content, which reads as "This is Ahura Mazda's (bagh) figure".
References
Sources
Persian wikipedia
Archaeological sites in Iran
Sasanian inscriptions
Ardashir I
Greek inscriptions
Rock reliefs in Iran
Parthian language
Moro Province was a province of the Philippines consisting of the regions of Zamboanga, Lanao, Cotabato, Davao, and Jolo. It was later split into provinces and regions organized under the Department of Mindanao and Sulu, along with the former provinces of Agusan, and current province of Bukidnon.
Government
The province was governed under a civil government that has an executive, judicial and legislative branch and is divided into military districts.
The governor served also as the commander of the Army Department of Mindanao-Jolo. Most of the district governors and their deputies were members of the U.S. military. In 1913, the military governor was replaced by a civil governor.
The Moro Council served as the legislative body of the province. The governor and its members were appointed by and with the consent of the Philippine Commission.
Justice was administered for the province by two (2) Courts of First Instance, Justice of the Peace Courts and by the Municipal Courts.
The province had its own Department of Public Instruction, separate from the education system that covered the rest of the Philippine Islands.
Districts
The province was divided into five districts, with U.S. officers serving as district governors and deputy governors. These districts included: Cotabato, Davao, Lanao, Jolo, and Zamboanga. The district government is composed of the governor, the secretary, and the treasurer who were all appointed by the provincial governor.
The district officials also form as the District Board which had the power to enact ordinances although subject to the approval of the Legislative Council.
Tribal Wards
The districts were sub-divided into tribal wards, with major datus serving as ward chiefs and minor datus serving as deputies, judges, and sheriffs.
The head of the tribe has the power to sub-divide his wards and appoint deputies into these sub-wards with the approval of the district governor.
Christian communities
The tribal wards were applied only to Muslim communities. Meanwhile, the minority Christian communities were merged into regular municipalities.
The government of each municipality was composed of a president, vice-president and a municipal council. The President and half of the councilors were elected by qualified voters and the other half is appointed by the district governor.
History
After the dissolution of the Republic of Zamboanga and others part of Mindanao are under U.S. rule, the U.S. civil government led by Governor William Howard Taft authorized the creation of the Moro Province that includes "all of the territory of the Philippines lying south of the eight parallel of latitude, excepting the island of Palawan and the eastern portion of the northwest peninsula of Mindanao." The Province was created by the virtue of Act No. 787 on June 1, 1903. Major General Leonard Wood, with the capacity of commander of the Army Department of Mindanao-Sulu was appointed governor of the province on August 6, 1903.
Governors
Military to Civilian Government
By 1913, Governor Pershing agreed that the Moro Province needed to transition to civil government. This was prompted by the Moro's personalistic approach to government, which was based on personal ties rather than a respect for an abstract office. To the Moros, a change of administration meant not just a change in leadership but a change in regime, and was a traumatic experience. Rotation within the military meant that each military governor could serve only for a limited time. Until 1911, every district governor and secretary had been a military officer. By November 1913, only one officer still held a civil office – Pershing himself. In December 1913, Pershing was replaced as governor of Moro Province by a civilian, Frank Carpenter.
Dissolution
On July 23, 1914, the Moro Province was officially replaced by an agency named the Department of Mindanao and Sulu including the whole island of Mindanao except Lanao. The agency was tasked to administer all Muslim-dominated areas in the territory. Frank Carpenter remained as governor of the agency.
See also
Moro Rebellion
Zamboanga City
Cotabato City
Davao
Department of Mindanao and Sulu
General Leonard Wood
References
Former provinces of the Philippines
1903 establishments in the Philippines
1914 disestablishments in the Philippines
Kathy Walsh may refer to:
Kathy Walsh (horse trainer), of Sarah's Secret
Kathy Walsh, character in The Alphabet Killer
Cathy Walsh (camogie) in All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship 1985
See also
Catherine Walsh (disambiguation)
Kathleen Walsh (disambiguation)
Koniuchy may refer to:
Kaniūkai, village in Lithuania, former Koniuchy in Poland, site of the Koniuchy massacre in 1944
Koniuchy, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Koniuchy, a district of Toruń, Poland
Magnus Liljedahl (born March 6, 1954 in Göteborg, Sweden) is an American sailor and Olympic champion. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where he received a gold medal in the star class, together with Mark Reynolds.
Magnus Liljedahl currently runs a non-profit organization devoted to paralympic sailing named Team Paradise
See also
World Fit
References
External links
Team Paradise Homepage
ISAF World Sailor of the Year (male)
1954 births
American male sailors (sport)
Living people
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Sailors at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Star
Star class world champions
Swedish emigrants to the United States
US Sailor of the Year
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
World champions in sailing for the United States
Batanes: Sa Dulo ng Walang Hanggan, or more popularly known as Batanes, is a 2007 drama film directed by Adolfo Alix, Jr. and John David Hukom. The film is a joint project by Ignite Media, Inc. and GMA Pictures. It stars Iza Calzado and Taiwanese superstar Ken Chu of F4 (which is also from Meteor Garden, playing the role of Xi Men). Batanes is the first Filipino film of Ken Chu and gave Joem Bascon his first award, bagging the Breakthrough Performance by an Actor given by the Golden Screen Awards. The movie was produced by GMA Pictures.
Plot
It was a whirlwind romance when Pam meets Ivatan Rico in Manila. She decides to give up her meaningless, stressful city life and follow him to Batanes to meet his parents Boy and Lydia and marry him. The sea immediately intimidates Pam and shows its power, telling her how, with the strong toss of its waves, it can end everything.
Pam tries to adapt to the Ivatan way of life. Pam starts hating the sea that Rico loves so much. Despite all these adjustments, Pam is happy with her new life and with Rico. But everything changes when Rico does not return from fishing. Pam is devastated. She blames no one but the sea. Realizing that she cannot continue living in Batanes without Rico, Pam decides to leave. But before boarding the boat, she realizes that the sea is laughing at her defeat, so Pam decides to stay but she still cannot forget Rico.
On the anniversary of her husband's death, Pam sails to the Ivujos Island. She gets stranded on the island by an angry storm. She then sees a man lying face down in the sand. For a moment, she thinks it is Rico but it turns out to be a Taiwanese, Kao. She administers to his wounds and brings down his fever. When the storm breaks, she drags Kao to her boat and takes him back with her. The villagers are reluctant to accept the Taiwanese, especially Manuel and Boy since most Taiwanese fishermen fish illegally in the waters of Batanes. As Pam takes care of Kao, she starts to be drawn towards him. She starts to feel that he is a kindred soul.
Language and cultural difference are no barriers as emotions rise. Love surfaces anew. Batanes provides the breathtaking backdrop to their poignant love story. Will their love win over? Or will their past haunt them and eventually separate them? Essentially a picturesque romance, Batanes also explores the intimate portrait of a woman's relationship with the ocean.
In the end, Kao was deported to Taiwan due to help from the local government. Pam eventually loved the ocean more.
Cast and characters
Iza Calzado as Pam
Ken Chu as Kao
Joem Bascon as Rico
Bembol Roco as Boy
Daria Ramirez as Lydia
Sid Lucero as Manuel
Glaiza de Castro as Melanie
Coco Martin as Jason
Mike Tan as Noel
Julio Diaz as Fred
Aleth dela Cruz as Gloria
Pacifico Agor as the taxi driver
Armand Reyes as the hotel supervisor
Anna Lyn Tan as hotel receptionist
Maxie Evangelista as Arnel
Production
Arleen Cuevas, line producer of Ignite Media, told that Adolfo Alix, Jr. directed a film included for the Cinemalaya Philippine Independent Film Festival called Kadin. Kadin was shot in Batanes. Ms. Cuevas also said that Alix fell in love with the place that caused him to approach Ignite Media saying that he wanted to make a film in Batanes because of its romantic setting.
Adolfo Alix, Jr. shared that the role of Pam was originally offered to Judy Ann Santos. Santos was interested to be part of the film but her commitments caused her not to accept the offer. Santos referred Iza Calzado to Adolfo Alix, Jr. After meeting Calzado, they saw that the actress can do "light moments" although Iza always portrays a character in heavy dramas and eventually, Iza got the role. According to an article, in case Calzado did not accept the offer, they may have had approached Jennylyn Mercado.
Dave Hukom, on the other hand, said that they were just looking for any Taiwanese actor for the role of Kao. Arlene Cuevas also did not expect that they would be able to get Ken Chu for the role of Kao. She said that she has a friend who is a producer in Hong Kong so she approached her friend to seek help to get any Chinese actor who is willing to work in the Philippines. The producer replied that they were offering Ken Chu a project before that was to shoot in the Philippines but was not able to push through. After sending the script to Chu, his assistant replied after four to five days saying that they are interested to be part of the film.
Accolades
References
External links
External links
Philippine drama films
GMA Pictures films
2000s Tagalog-language films
Films set in Batanes
Films directed by Adolfo Alix Jr.
The 1945–46 season was the 7th and final year of wartime football by Rangers.
Results
All results are written with Rangers' score first.
Southern League Division One
Southern League Cup
Victory Cup
Friendlies
See also
1945–46 in Scottish football
1945–46 Southern League Cup (Scotland)
1946 Victory Cup
References
Rangers F.C. seasons
Rangers
Scottish football championship-winning seasons
Hockerton is a village and civil parish in Nottinghamshire. It is 2 miles from the town of Southwell on the A617 between Newark a
nd Mansfield. Fewer than 60 houses are situated around the church, the Spread Eagle pub and village hall. The population at the 2011 Census was 146. The local properties range from the carbon neutral housing of the Hockerton Housing Project to converted barns, 1960s and 1970s housing together with much older houses and a 19th-century Rectory. The parish church of St Nicholas is Norman with an aisleless nave and a 14th-century chancel.
Part of the village contains Hockerton Housing Project. The Hockerton Housing Project is the UK's first earth sheltered, self-sufficient ecological housing development.
A group of residents formed an Industrial and Provident Society (IPS) called Sustainable Hockerton Limited in 2009. Official Web Page Sustainable Hockerton, also described by everybodys-talking Sustainable Hockerton. Sustainable Hockerton is also known as SHOCK. The Society has installed a wind turbine that generates electricity equal to that used by the village. Any surplus is distributed in the parish to promote sustainable development. By 2012 the Society had made £13,000 for the parish.
The place-name Hockerton seems to contain an Old English word for a hill, , + (Old English), an enclosure; a farmstead; a village; an estate.., so 'hill or hump settlement'.
See also
St Nicholas' Church, Hockerton
References
External links
Newark and Sherwood
Villages in Nottinghamshire
Ludgrove, or Ludgrave, or Ludgraves, was an estate and farm in Middlesex between Monken Hadley in the west and Cockfosters in the east in what is now north London. It was centered on Ludgrove Farm (the Blue House) near to Cockfosters.
History
The Ludgrove estate may have derived its name from William Lyghtgrave who in 1423 conveyed it to William Somercotes, Thomas Frowke, and other parties. At that time it consisted of a messuage (probably the farm house near Cockfosters) and 120 acres of land, 80 of wood in Hadley. and 80 of meadow.
The land was transferred to the Crown in 1542.
At the start of the reign of Elizabeth I, Thomas Tyndale, later the member of Parliament for Marlborough, was living at Ludgrove when the estate was stated to have been formerly held by John Perte.
It was later owned by Sir Roger Wilbraham who built almshouses in nearby Monken Hadley in 1612.
Ludgrove Hall was built on the site of the farm in the 1830s and was the home of Francis Bevan and then Ludgrove School which has since moved to Wokingham.
References
External links
Farms in England
Middlesex
Monken Hadley
Hudson Lake is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hudson Township, LaPorte County, Indiana, United States. The town sits on the dividing line between Central and Eastern time zones. It is the site of the Hudson Lake station stop of the South Shore Line. As of the 2010 census, the population of the CDP was 1,297.
Hudson Lake was originally called "Lakeport", and under the latter name was settled by 1833.
Geography
Hudson Lake is located in northeastern LaPorte County at . The community surrounds a natural water body of the same name. While most of the residences are on the north and east sides of the lake, the census-designated place includes the neighborhood of Lake Park on the south side. The South Shore rail line runs along the southern side of the Hudson Lake water body, leading east to South Bend and west to Michigan City.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Hudson Lake CDP has a total area of , of which are land and , or 28.27%, are water.
Demographics
Transportation
Hudson Lake is served by interurban commuter rail on the South Shore Line. Trains from Hudson Lake Station run to and from Chicago westward, and to and from nearby South Bend eastward. This allows residents of the area to commute into the two larger cities.
References
Census-designated places in LaPorte County, Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
Bruno Ruzza (10 February 1926, Padua - 13 September 2019, Padua) was an Italian former footballer who played as a defender.
Career
He started playing as a forward with Padova Calcio in the Campionato Alta Italia 1943-44. With Treviso Calcio and Padova Calcio he played six seasons in Serie B.
In 1953 he was banned from competitions due to possible corruption in the match Padova-Calcio Catania. He then joined Padova again till his last season 1956–1957.
References
Sportspeople from Padua
1926 births
2019 deaths
Italian footballers
Calcio Padova players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Veneto
Minghella is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anthony Minghella (1954–2008), English film director, playwright and screenwriter
Dominic Minghella (born 1967), English television screenwriter, brother of Anthony
Loretta Minghella (born 1962), British charity executive and solicitor, sister of Anthony
Max Minghella (born 1985), English actor, son of Anthony
Maurizio Minghella (born 1958), Italian serial killer
Italian-language surnames
NA-34 (Lower Dir) () was a constituency for the National Assembly of Pakistan. It was split into NA-6 (Lower Dir-I) and NA-7 (Lower Dir-II) in 2018.
Members of Parliament
1977—2002: NA-34 (Lower Dir)
Since 2002: NA-34 (Lower Dir)
Elections since 2002
2002 General Election
A total of 2,072 votes were rejected.
2003 By-election
Qazi Hussain Ahmad won the general election in 2002 but he decided to take up the seat that he won in his native constituency, and thus vacated the seat. Therefore, in January 2003 bye-elections were held. The results are shown in the following table.
2008 General Election
A total of 2,746 votes were rejected.
2013 General Election
A total of 5,364 votes were rejected.
References
External links
Election result's official website
Constituencies of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Shady Side was a steamboat that operated in New York Harbor and nearby areas starting in 1873.
Construction
Shady Side was built in 1873 at Bulls Ferry. She was described in later service as "one of the handsomest passenger-boats on Long Island Sound", and in reminiscences from 1939 as "a remarkably swift and handsome steamboat of medium size". She had a licensed capacity of 600 passengers in 1880, and 700 in 1899.
Shady Side'''s engines were made by Fletcher, Harrison and Company. Her wooden hull was long, with a beam breadth of , a hold depth of . Her gross tonnage was 444 and her net tonnage 329.
Service
Originally, Shady Side was owned by the Morrisania Steamboat Company, and ran passengers to upper Manhattan and the Bronx by way of the East River. Later the vessel was used on routes to Stamford, Connecticut and Fort Lee, New Jersey, with stops at Shady-Side, Guttenberg, and Tilly Toodlum. Her final trip to Harlem was made on July 4, 1880, after the new elevated railroad made route uneconomical.
From the beginning, Shady Side was involved in stern competition with vessels of other companies. The Shady Side was the fastest boat of the Morrisania Steamboat Company, and frequently raced against the Sylvan Dell, which was the fastest of the Harlem Line. In 1875, as part of this sparring, the Sylvan Dell had a piece of oak strapped to her to prevent Shady Side easily passing. Captain Longstreet, superintendent of the Morrisania line, took control of Shady Side in response one morning in April 1875 and swung her around in such a way as to knock the beam off Sylvan Dell. This caused cheering from passengers on Shady Side but was condemned as dangerous horseplay by The New York Times. Later that month, Captain Longstreet's license was revoked for thirty days as a result, and the captains of both the Shady Side and Sylvan Dell—Charles G. Tennant and William Weatherwax, respectively—were censured, Tennant for remaining at the helm while Longstreet took over and Weatherwax for continuing to operate the Sylvan Dell after complaints had been raised about the beam.
In 1881, it was reported in The New York Times that the police intended to buy her for the 24th precinct, and that "she cost $83,000, was sold to the steam-boat company for $58,000, and the amount now ask for her is $38,000. It will cost about $3,500 to fit her up, and the Police flag can be transferred to her in the early Spring." The mortgage on Shady Side was foreclosed on in 1881, but she continued in service as a passenger vessel after being sold.
In 1882, Shady Side was making regular trips between Pier 3, North River and Tompkinsville, Staten Island, at half the price – five cents – of the regular ferry. The Staten Island Ferry Company complained about the under-cutting and it was found that Shady Side was being operated without a ferry license. The case went to the New York Supreme Court, which ruled against the boat's operators and enjoined them from running that route, an injunction that was re-ratified in July.
In August 1882, Shady Side was again undercutting fares on a different route, between New York and Yonkers, again charging five cents against a standard fare of twenty cents for a single ticket. The two firms that ran the Chrysteneh, the Riverdale and the Caroline A. Peene began blocking docks that the Shady Side wanted to use and casting away her lines. There were reports of passengers being assaulted, and at one point a fence and a locked gate were erected to block access to the Shady Side, over which passengers clambered. The other operators believed Shady Side must be running at a great loss and would not be able to continue, while the operator of the Shady Side, Walter H. Shupe, manager of the Columbia Line, said they were acting within their rights and that they had taken the matter to the Yonkers Police Court.
It was reported in several papers that this strategy was so popular that in September Shady Side's owners hired a larger boat, the Americus, which had a capacity of 1,500 passengers, to keep up with demand, and that the Americus was owned by a secret society numbering 800,000 members called the "Sons of Columbia", who chartered the Americus for sixty days at $160 per day.
In June 1883, Shady Side had been working on the Delaware River between Wilmington and Philadelphia, running a loss, when the captain took her from the wharf. A 'wanted' notice was run on the front page of The New York Times on the assumption she had been taken to New York.
In later service, either from 1886 or 1902, Shady Side took passengers between New York and Stamford, Connecticut, which she continued to do until at least 1910 and perhaps 1921.
Accidents in fog
The Shady Side was involved in two incidents due to fog in which another ship was damaged, causing one and assisting in the other.
In the first incident, in mid-March 1875, Shady Side struck and sank a tug boat called Mary, which was backing out of a slip between piers on the East River near Corlears Hook. George F. Townsend sued as a result and was awarded damages in May of the next year, Judge Blatchford finding that the tug was blameless and not outside the end of Jackson Street pier, whereas Shady Side was moving too fast given the fog.
On the morning of October 21, 1894, in very heavy fog, at least four ships ran aground in New York. Of these, the largest was the wooden side-wheel steamer Drew, carrying 150 passengers. Drew ran aground on Washington Point at about 7:40 a.m., tearing a hole in the starboard bow. Passengers were able to disembark by gangplank and when the tide rose, Shady Side towed Drew off the rocks and back to dock.
Later years
Around 1921, Shady Side came into the ownership of Marcus Garvey, running under the Black Star Line. Shady Side was abandoned on the mud flats at Fort Lee, New Jersey in 1922 when the Black Star Line collapsed as its owners were convicted of mail fraud.
Later vessels
Another ship called the Shady Side was built in 1913 at Osborn Boat Works for Edenton Ferries, while the steamboat was still in operation. That vessel, which was unrelated, was sold to the United States Navy in 1918, given the section patrol designation SP-2079, and assigned to ferry service. She was redesignated YFB-2079 in 1920 and sank in a storm in 1925, being declared unfit for service after being raised.
References
Further reading
Mariner's Museum and Peluso, Anthony J., Jr., The Bard Brothers -- Painting America under Steam and Sail'', Abrams, New York 1997
Passenger ships of the United States
Merchant ships of the United States
Steamboats of the United States
1873 ships
Maritime incidents in March 1875
Maritime incidents in April 1875
Three Sisters Point () is a point marked by three conspicuous boulders, forming the west side of the entrance to Sherratt Bay on the south coast of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands. Charted and named during 1937 by DI personnel on the Discovery II.
Headlands of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
A microburin is a characteristic waste product from manufacture of lithic tools — sometimes confused with an authentic burin — which is characteristic of the Mesolithic, but which has been recorded from the end of the Upper Paleolithic until the Chalcolithic. This type of lithic artifact was first named by Henri Breuil who defined it as "a type of angular, smooth, with a terminal retouch in the form of a small notch". Breuil initially thought that the microburins had a functional use as a type of microlithic burin. However, he later came to realize that the manufacturing technique was different from that of the burin and that they could be waste products from the manufacture of microliths, but they may have occasionally been reused for a useful purpose, which is expected for parsimonious lithic resource exploitation
A microburin is a fragment of a lithic flake, or more precisely, of a lithic blade, that shows on its upper face the beginnings of a notch terminating in an oblique flection (whose surface can only be seen from the lower side) that ends in a very acute trihedral apex. It was thought that microburins were exclusively a class of functional microliths, but knapping experiments, along with the refitting of contiguous pieces, have demonstrated that they are a characteristic waste product of an advanced lithic reduction process known as microburin technique - or more correctly, microburin blow technique, following a study of thousands of microburins originating from a variety of
Saharan sites. Jacques Tixier noted that none of the examples studied showed unambiguous traces of intentional use, which also validates observation of lack of use wear from analysis of European pieces.
Examples found in Europe can be seen on this page : https://web.archive.org/web/20090131231751/http://archeobase.be/page_microburins_meso.html, which are associated with Mesolithic hunters of the Walloon region of Belgium (approximately 9,000 BP).
There is also a particular type of microburin named after Krukowski that is from a carving accident and not a waste byproduct.
See also
Microlith
Microburin technique
Notes
Lithics
Archaeological artefact types
Falaise () is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Geography
Falaise lies on the river Ante, a tributary of the river Dives, about southeast of Caen.
History
The area around Falaise has been inhabited from prehistoric times, but it was only at the end of the prehistoric period and the beginning of the Gallo-Roman era that the area, Falaise in particular, was regularly inhabited. Evidence of settlement from the time has been found at Vaston, an agricultural area just north-east of the modern town.
Falaise, as it is sited today, probably came into being around the castle.
The town was the birthplace of William the Conqueror, first of the Norman Kings of England. He was frequently referred to as William the Bastard, on account of his being born out of wedlock to Herleva from Falaise, reputedly a tanner's daughter.
The Château de Falaise (12th–13th century), which overlooks the town from a high crag (), was formerly the seat of the Dukes of Normandy. Also, the Treaty of Falaise was signed at the castle in December 1174 between the captive William I, King of Scots, and the Plantagenet King of England, Henry II.
The town was also the place that Rabbi Yom Tov of Falaise, grandchild of Rashi, held his rabbinical court.
On 26 October 1851, a statue of William the Conqueror was inaugurated here (at his place of birth).
World War II
In modern times, it is known for the battle of the Falaise Pocket during the Allied reconquest of France (called Operation Overlord) in August 1944 in which two German armies were encircled and destroyed by the Allied armies. Some 10,000 German troops were killed and 50,000 taken prisoners.
Two-thirds of Falaise was destroyed by Allied bombing before the town was taken by a combined force of Canadian and Polish troops. Falaise was largely restored after the war.
Population
International relations
Falaise has been twinned with Henley-on-Thames in Oxfordshire, England, since 1974; Bad Neustadt an der Saale in Germany since 1969; Cassino in Italy since 1975; and Alma, Quebec in Canada since 1969.
See also
Communes of the Calvados department
References
External links
Castle William the Conqueror in Falaise, France. (Official website in English)
Normandieweb on Falaise (in French)
A Conqueror's change of heart Personal blog with good images of the William the Conqueror statue in Falaise
Communes of Calvados (department)
Calvados communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
The national flag of Armenia, the Armenian Tricolour, consists of three horizontal bands of equal width, red on the top, blue in the middle, and apricot on the bottom. The Armenian Supreme Soviet adopted the current flag on 24 August 1990. On 15 June 2006, the Law on the National Flag of Armenia, governing its usage, was passed by the National Assembly of Armenia.
Throughout history, there have been many variations of the Armenian flag. In ancient times, Armenian dynasties were represented by different symbolic animals displayed on their flags. In the twentieth century, various Soviet flags represented the Armenian SSR.
The meanings of the colors are interpreted in many different ways. The red stands for the Armenian Highlands, the Armenian people's continued struggle for survival, maintenance of the Christian faith and Armenia's independence and freedom. Blue is for the Armenian peaceful skies. And orange represents the nation's talent and hard-work.
Design
In 2012, the Armenian National Institute of Standards (SARM) issued specifications about the construction and colors on the national flag.:
The official definition of the colors, as stated in the Constitution of Armenia, is:
History
Today's tricolor flag bears little resemblance to the earliest Armenian 'flags'. In ancient times, armies went into battle behind carvings mounted on poles. The carvings might represent a dragon, an eagle, a lion or "some mysterious object of the gods". With the advent of Christianity, the Armenian empire adopted many different flags representing various dynasties. The Artaxiad Dynasty's flag, for instance, consisted of a red cloth displaying two eagles gazing at each other, separated by an eight-pointed star which might represent a flower or some mysterious object.
19th century
After Armenia was split between the Persian and the Ottoman Empires, the idea of an Armenian flag ceased to exist for some time. The Armenian Catholic priest Father Ghevont Alishan created a new flag for Armenia in 1885, after the Armenian Students Association of Paris requested one for the funeral of the French writer Victor Hugo. Alishan's first design was very similar to today's Armenian flag: a horizontal tricolor. However, it looked more like an upside-down variation of the current flag of Bulgaria. The top band was red, symbolizing the first Sunday of Easter (called "Red" Sunday), followed by a green band to represent the "Green" Sunday of Easter, and finally an arbitrary color, white, was chosen to complete the combination. While in France, Alishan also designed a second flag, identified today as the "Nationalist Armenian Flag". It too was a tricolor, but unlike the previous design, this one was a vertical tricolor similar to the French flag. Its colors were red, green, and blue, from left to right, representing the rainbow that Noah saw after landing on Mount Ararat.
First Republic of Armenia
After gaining independence, the First Republic of Armenia adopted the modern Armenian tricolor. Upon Stepan Malkhasyants's appearance in the Armenian National Council, the independent Armenian government selected the colors used during the Lusignan period: red, blue and yellow. An earlier prototype, which was eventually rejected, was the rainbow flag. This prototype can be seen at the Martiros Saryan House Museum in Yerevan, Armenia. They chose to replace the yellow with orange "because it merged better with the other two colors, presenting a more pleasing composition". The flag of independent Armenia then had a ratio of 2:3, but on 24 August 1990, when the Armenian Supreme Soviet adopted it as the flag of the Republic of Armenia, the ratio was changed to 1:2.
Early Soviet Armenia and the Transcaucasian SFSR
On 29 November 1920 Bolsheviks established the Armenian SSR. An old flag was introduced and fixed in the Constitution, accepted on 2 February 1922 by the First Congress of Soviets of the Armenian SSR. That flag existed only for a month, because on 12 March the Armenian SSR united with the Georgian SSR and the Azerbaijan SSR under the Transcaucasian SFSR (TSFSR). On 30 December 1922 the Transcaucasian SFSR became one of the four Soviet republics that united to form the USSR. The flag of the republic had a hammer and sickle inserted into a star with initials "ЗСФСР" (ZSFSR) written in Russian sans-serif script. These letters stand for Закавказская Советская Федеративная Социалистическая Республика (Zakavkazskaya Sovetskaya Federativnaya Socialisticheskaya Respublika, "Transcaucasian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic"). In 1936, the TSFSR was broken up into its two constituent regions, which were named the Georgian SSR and the Armenian SSR.
Armenian SSR
As a republic of the USSR, the Armenian SSR introduced its first flag in 1936. Very similar to the flag of the Soviet Union, it was red and featured a yellow hammer and sickle in the corner. Underneath that, there were "H-Kh-S-H" initials written in Armenian serif script. These initials, in the Western Armenian language, stand for Haygagan Khorhurtayin Sodzialistakan Hanrabedutyun, or the "Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic". In the 1940s, the flag was altered to use the Eastern Armenian language spoken in the Republic. The initials were changed to "H-S-S-R" meaning "Hayastani Sovetakan Sotsialistikakan Respublika" in the Eastern Armenian pronunciation. In 1952, a new flag was introduced. The initials were removed completely and in their place a horizontal blue stripe was added.
In late May 1988, amid rising nationalist tensions from glasnost and perestroika, Armenia's new Communist party leader allowed the banned tricolour of the DRA to fly in Yerevan for the first time in over sixty years. A year later, following a Nagorno-Karabakh-themed mass demonstration where the tricolour was flown, he urged its official recognition. This came on 24 August 1990, a day after the Armenian Supreme Soviet declared the republic's sovereignty and renamed the country the Republic of Armenia. At that point, just over a year before Armenia declared its formal independence from the USSR, the tricolour replaced the 1952 flag.
Usage
The 2006 law on the National Flag of Armenia states that the flag has to be raised on the following public buildings:
Residence of the President
Parliament
Government
Constitutional Court
Office of Public Prosecutor
Central Bank of Armenia
Other governmental buildings
The law requires the lowering of the flag to the midpoint of the flagpole on the days of mourning or during mourning ceremonies. A black ribbon needs to be placed at the top of the flag; the length of the ribbon should be equal to the length of the flag. The flying flag has to be raised in its entirety, clean, and unfaded; moreover, the lower part of the flag should be at least 2.5 m off the ground.
National flag days
The day of the National Flag of Armenia is marked on 15 June every year. The day is chosen for the reason that the Armenian law on the National Flag of Armenia was passed on 15 June 2006. The day of the Armenian tricolour was celebrated for the first time on 15 June 2010 in Yerevan.
The daily display of the Armenian flag is encouraged, but legally required only on the following days:
1 January, 2 JanuaryNew Year
6 JanuaryChristmas
8 MarchInternational Women's Day
7 AprilMotherhood and Beauty Day
1 MayInternational Worker's Solidarity Day
9 MayVictory and Peace Day
28 MayFirst Armenian Republic Day, 1918
5 JulyConstitution Day, 1995
21 SeptemberIndependence Day, 1991
7 DecemberSpitak Earthquake Memorial Day, 1988
Sub-national flags
Municipalities
Influence
The national flag is also mentioned in the song "Mer Hayrenik" (Our Fatherland), the national anthem of Armenia. Specifically, the second and third stanzas sing about the creation of the national flag:
Flag of Artsakh
On 2 June 1992, the Republic of Artsakh, a de facto independent republic in South Caucasus, adopted a flag derived from the flag of Armenia, with only a white pattern added. A white, five-toothed, stepped carpet pattern was added to the flag, beginning at the two verges of the cloth's right side and connecting at a point equal to one-third of the distance from that side. The white pattern symbolizes the current separation of Artsakh from Armenia proper and its aspiration for eventual union with "the Fatherland". This symbolises the Armenian heritage, culture and population of the area and represents Artsakh as being a separated region of Armenia by the triangular shape and the zigzag cutting through the flag. The pattern is also similar to the designs used on rugs. The ratio of the flag's breadth to its length is 1:2, same as the Armenian Tricolor.
Flag of the Pan-Armenian Games
In addition to the flag of Artsakh, the Armenian flag colors influenced the design of the Pan-Armenian Games flag. In the center of the light blue flag are six interlocking rings, derived from the Olympic rings. The sixth, orange-colored ring, interlocks with the blue and red rings, which symbolize Armenia. Above the rings is a flame in the colors of the Armenian flag.
See also
Coat of arms of Armenia
List of Armenian flags
Flag of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic
References
External links
VEXILLOGRAPHIA - Флаги Армении
Armenica.org - Symbolic values and information about the Armenian flag and coat of arms
Yeraguyn.com - The Flag of the Republic of Armenia (in English, Armenian and Russian)
Armenia
National symbols of Armenia
Armenia
Armenia
Maria Conceição da Costa Ferreira (born 13 March 1962 in Aveleda) is a retired Portuguese long-distance runner.
She won the 1993 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, and finished sixth in 10,000 metres at the 1993 World Championships.
International competitions
References
1962 births
Living people
Portuguese female long-distance runners
Portuguese female marathon runners
Olympic athletes of Portugal
Athletes (track and field) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
European Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships athletes for Portugal
World Athletics Half Marathon Championships winners
Portuguese female cross country runners
Competitors at the 1986 Goodwill Games
Química Nova (print , e-ISSN , CODEN QUNODK) is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1978 and is published by the Brazilian Society of Chemistry (Sociedade Brasileira de Química), located at the Instituto de Química da Universidade de São Paulo (USP). The journal is online, and complete backfiles are available in fulltext. The journal is subtitled as Revista da Sociedade Brasileira de Química, but should not be confounded with Revista Brasileira de Química (São Paulo). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 0.661, ranking it 125th out of 157 journals in the category "Chemistry Multidisciplinary".
The Brazilian Society of Chemistry also publishes the Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society.
See also
Anais da ABQ
Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society
Revista Brasileira de Chímica
Revista Brasileira de Engenharia Química, Caderno de Engenharia Química
References
External links
Homepage of the journal: Química Nova
Homepage of the Sociedade Brasileira de Química (SQB): SQB
Chemistry journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies of Brazil
Luis Alberto González Gallego (born July 27, 1965 in Palestina, Caldas) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional from 1987 to 1996.
Career
1987
1st in General Classification Vuelta al Valle del Cauca (COL)
1988
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Cundinamarca (COL)
1989
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Boyacá (COL)
1992
3rd in General Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Cundinamarca (COL)
1993
4th in General Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1st in General Classification Clásico RCN (COL)
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Cundinamarca (COL)
1994
1st in Stage 7 Vuelta a Colombia, Pereira (COL)
1st in National Championships, Road, Elite, Colombia (COL)
1st in National Championships, Road, ITT, Elite, Colombia (COL)
1995
1st in Stage 8 Vuelta a Colombia, Buenaventura (COL)
8th in General Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1996
7th in General Classification Clásico RCN (COL)
1st in Stage 7 Vuelta a Colombia, Alto de Santa Helena (COL)
3rd in General Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
References
1965 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
People from Caldas Department
Miraflores is a neighborhood of La Paz, the capital city of Bolivia. It is located in the east of the city center. Miraflores has as its main attractions the Botanical Garden, Busch Avenue, Villarroel Square to the north, the Hernando Siles Stadium next to the Archaeological Plaza, among others. Miraflores is a residential neighborhood and is completely urbanized.
The area was subject to extensive redevelopment, starting in the 1950s.
The Miraflores Women's Penitentiary Center is located there.
References
External links
Populated places in Bolivia
La Paz
A.D.M. is the second studio album by New Zealand indie rock group Snapper, released in 1996.
Critical reception
Stylus Magazine wrote that "the deceptively simple verse/chorus/verse structure of the songs masks Gutteridge's fearless experimentation into background distortion."
Track listing
"Tomcat"
"Hammerhead"
"Small Town Secret"
"Demon"
"Hotchkiss"
"A.D.M."
"Killzone 44"
"Stalker"
"Lock and Load"
"Used to Know Her Name"
Personnel
Snapper
Mike Dooley – drums
Peter Gutteridge – guitar, keyboards, vocals, producer
Additional personnel
Demarnia Lloyd – vocals
Celia Pavlova – vocals
Christine Voice – vocals
References
Snapper (band) albums
1996 albums
Flying Nun Records albums
Dunedin Sound albums
In enzymology, a L-arabinose isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-arabinose L-ribulose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-arabinose, and one product, L-ribulose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-arabinose aldose-ketose-isomerase. This enzyme participates in pentose and glucuronate interconversions.
This enzyme catalyses the conversion of L-arabinose to L-ribulose as the first step in the pathway of L-arabinose utilization as a carbon source.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes and .
References
Further reading
Protein families
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of known structure
Mount Gunanoot is a mountain in the Spatsizi Plateau of the North-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located just east of the headwaters of the Spatsizi River. It is named for Simon Gunanoot, a Gitxsan packer, entrepreneur and erstwhile fugitive who was hunted for several years before turning himself in for trial and being acquitted. Gunanoot is responsible for "opening up" most of the country in this region.
See also
Sacred Headwaters
Spatsizi Headwaters Provincial Park
Spatsizi Plateau Wilderness Provincial Park
Gunanoot Lake
References
Gunanoot
Stikine Country
Stikine Plateau
Calochilus gracillimus, commonly known as the slender beard orchid or late beard orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Australia. It has a single dark green leaf with a reddish base and up to nine green flowers with red stripes and a reddish, brownish or purplish "beard".
Description
Calochilus gracillimus is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single fleshy, channelled, linear to lance-shaped, dark green leaf, long and wide with a reddish base. The leaf is fully developed when the first flower opens. Between two and nine green flowers with red stripes, long and wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal is long and wide. The lateral sepals are a similar length but narrower. The petals are long and about wide. The labellum is flat, long and wide with short purple calli near its base. The middle section of the labellum has coarse reddish, brownish or purplish hairs up to and the tip has a glandular "tail" long. The column has two purple coloured "eyes" joined by a faint ridge. Flowering occurs from November to January.
Taxonomy and naming
Calochilus gracillimus was first formally described in 1943 by Montague Rupp and the description was published in The Victorian Naturalist from a specimen collected near Woy Woy. The specific epithet (gracillimus) is a Latin word meaning "slenderest". Rupp noted that the specific epithet "is in particular allusion to the labellum, but is almost equally applicable to the whole flower".
Distribution and habitat
The slender beard orchid grows on ridges and slopes in forest and woodland. It occurs in New South Wales north from Woodford and in southeastern Queensland.
References
gracillimus
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 1943
Flores is a Spanish surname.
History
In Spain, the surname Flores is first found in the Kingdom of Asturias, where the Visigothic royal court took refuge after the Muslim Invasion of the Iberian Peninsula in 711. In its origin, it is a patronymic of the Visigothic given name Fruela or Froila.
In Italy, the surname's roots can be traced back to the Kingdom of Naples around the early 14th century where records show a Flores family receiving land grants in the feudal territories of Persano and Sandionisio.
Variations
Spelling variations of this surname also include Fruélaz, Fruelaz, Froílaz, Froilaz, Florez, Flórez, Floriz, Flóriz, Floraz, Flóraz, Flor, Florán, Floran and Florián, among others.
Variations can also be found in several Florez coat-of-arms designs. The one similar feature many of these designs have in common is the fleur-de-lis, usually on a blue field, though varying in number from three to five, and possibly used in conjunction with other symbols.
People with the surname
Alberto Flores Galindo (1949–1990), Peruvian intellectual
Alexis Flores (born 1975), Honduran fugitive
Carlos Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Chris Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Cirilo B. Flores (1948–2014), Roman Catholic bishop of San Diego, U.S.
Dan Flores (born 1948), historian of the American West
Daniel Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
David Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Dennis Flores, a Puerto Rican activist.
Erika Flores (born 1979), American former child actress and former actress, sister of Melissa Flores
Esteban Flores (born 1970), American Homicide Detective
Fernando Flores (born 1943), Chilean philosopher
Ignacio Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Isabel Flores de Oliva (1586–1617), Spanish-Peruvian saint
Jesús Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Jorge Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
José Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Leopoldo Ruiz y Flóres (1865–1941), Mexican archbishop, Vatican diplomat
Manuel N. Flores, fought in Texas Revolution and Republic Era, early Texas rancher
Patrick Flores (1929–2017), Archbishop of San Antonio from 1979 to 2004, 1st Mexican American to become a Roman Catholic bishop
Pedro Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Ricardo Flores Magón (1874–1922), Mexican anarchist
Rodrigo Flores
Salvador Flores, recruited and commanded troops in the Texas Revolution and Republic Era, Juan Seguin's brother-in-law
Walter Flores (disambiguation), multiple people
Arts
General
Demián Flores (born 1971), Mexican artist
Elsa Flores (born 1955), American artist
Jake Flores, American comedian
Leopoldo Flores (1934–2016), Mexican artist
Marco Antonio Flores (1937–2013), Guatemalan writer and poet
Actors
April Flores (born 1976), American pornographic actress
Bella Flores (1929–2013), Filipino actress
Benjamin Flores Jr. (born 2002), American actor and rapper
Christina Milian (b. Christine Flores), American recording artist, actress, and dancer
Édgar Flores, Honduran actor
Freddy Flores, Argentine actor
Gabriela Flores, Argentine actress
Jace Flores, Filipino TV actor
Jorge Flores, Puerto Rican female impersonator, actor, and singer (also known as Nina Flowers)
Laura Flores, Mexican actress
Von Flores (born 1960), Filipino-Canadian actor
Yves Flores (born 1994), Filipino actor and model
Music
Andrés Flores (composer), Bolivian composer
Armando Flores, Mexican musician
Charles Flores (1970–2012), Cuban-born American jazz bassist
Gerphil Flores (born 1990), Filipino singer
José Asunción Flores, Paraguayan composer
Lola Flores, Spanish singer
Martha Flores (1928–2020), Cuban radio host and singer
Politicians
Ana María Flores (born 1952), Bolivian engineer, businesswoman and politician
Brenda Mercedes Flores (born 1969), Honduran politician
Cilia Flores (born 1953), Venezuelan lawyer and politician
Consuelo Flores (born 1962), Ecuadorian lawyer and politician
Emigdio Flores Calpiñeiro (born 1950), Bolivian politician and sociologist
Francisco Flores Pérez (1959–2016), former president of El Salvador (1999–2004)
Juan José Flores, first President of Ecuador
José María Flores, governor of Alta California (now California and Southwestern United States)
Joseph Flores, Maltese politician
Laura E. Flores, Panamanian ambassador to the United Nations
Venancio Flores, President of Uruguay from 1854 to 1855 (interim) and from 1865 to 1868
American politicians
Alfred Flores (1916–2009), Guamanian politician
Anitere Flores (born 1976), Florida state senator
Bill Flores (born 1954), U.S. Representative from Texas
Gaspar Flores de Abrego (1781–1836), Tejano land commissioner who fought alongside the colonists in Austin and was mayor of San Antonio, Texas
Irvin Flores (1925–1994), Puerto Rican activist and nationalist politician
Mayra Flores (born 1986), U.S. Representative from Texas
Pete Flores (born 1960), Texas state senator
Mexican politicians
Arturo Flores Grande (born 1965), Mexican politician
César Flores Maldonado (born 1963), Mexican economist and politician
Édgar Flores Galván (born 1961), Mexican politician
Emilio Flores Domínguez (born 1957), Mexican politician
Enrique Flores Flores (born 1982), Mexican politician
Felipe Amadeo Flores Espinosa (born 1947), Mexican politician
Sports
General
Brenda Flores (born 1991), Mexican long-distance runner
Brian Flores (born 1981), American football coach
Diego Flores (chess player) (born 1982), Argentine chess grandmaster
Iker Flores (born 1976), Spanish cyclist
Jacob Flores, American judoka athlete
Luis Flores (basketball), Dominican basketball player
Tom Flores, American football player and coach
Baseball
Gil Flores (born 1952), Puerto Rican baseball player
Jesse Flores (baseball), Mexican baseball player
Randy Flores, former MLB baseball player
Wilmer Flores (born 1991), Venezuelan baseball player
Boxing
Adam Flores (born 1970), Mexican boxer
Alexander Flores (boxer) (born 1990), American boxer
Benjamín Flores (1984–2009), Mexican boxer
BJ Flores (born 1979), American boxer
Felix Flores (born 1976), Puerto Rican boxer
Football (soccer)
Ágnel Flores (born 1989), Venezuelan footballer
Andrés Flores (born 1990), Salvadoran footballer
Arles Flores (born 1991), Venezuelan footballer
Charly Flores (born 1997), American soccer player
Claudio Flores (born 1976), Uruguayan footballer
Cristian Flores (born 1988), Mexican footballer
Cristián Flores (born 1972), Chilean footballer
Darío Flores (born 1984), Uruguayan footballer
Dennis Flores (born 1993), American soccer player
Deybi Flores (born 1996), Honduran footballer
Dylan Flores (born 1993), Costa Rican footballer
Edison Flores (born 1994), Peruvian footballer
Eduardo Flores (born 1944), Argentine footballer
Efraín Flores (born 1958), Mexican football manager
Federico Flores (born 1992), Argentine footballer
Felipe Flores (born 1987), Chilean footballer
Franco Flores (born 1993), Argentine footballer
Gilberto Flores (born 1983), Brazilian footballer
Jordan Flores, English footballer
Josué Flores (born 1988), Salvadoran footballer
Marcos Flores (born 1985), Argentine footballer
Yony Flores (born 1983), Guatemalan footballer
Zack Flores (born 1982), American-born Bolivian footballer
Fictional characters
Nina Sabrina Flores, the protagonist of Nina's World
Elena Castillo Flores, the protagonist of Elena of Avalor
Zita Flores, a character in Kim Possible
Cristal Flores, a character in Dynasty
Gwen Flores, a main character in Bunk'd
Karen Flores, a character in Get Shorty
See also
Eduardo Rózsa-Flores (1960–2009), Bolivian actor, and poet
Rachael Hip-Flores, American actress
Jérémy Florès, French surfer
Juan Diego Flórez, Peruvian operatic tenor
References
Spanish-language surnames
Surnames of Honduran origin
Surnames of Salvadoran origin
Surnames of Filipino origin
Nikolaj Eeg Kruse Hartz (23 August 1867 – 7 May 1937) was a Danish geologist and botanist. He was an important explorer of the flora of Greenland during several expeditions.
Biography
Hartz was born in Randers, Denmark. He studied botany at the University of Copenhagen. In 1891-1892 he participated in the expedition to Scoresbysund and Tasiilaq led by Carl Ryder (1858-1923). He graduated in 1895 and obtained a Ph.D. in 1909 with a dissertation about the late-glacial flora and fauna of Denmark. From 1896, Hartz was a researcher at the Geological Survey of Denmark. In 1900 he participated in the Carlsbergfund Expedition to East Greenland under the leadership of G. C. Amdrup (1866-1947). He investigated plant and animal remains in deposits from before, during and after the last glaciation. Together with his colleague Vilhelm Milthers (1865–1962), he investigated a clay pit near Allerød in Denmark and found that a period with milder climate and birch forest – the Allerød oscillation - had interrupted the cold and dry Dryas stadial (Hartz & Milthers 1901).
In 1913, he abandoned his scientific career and became co-director of his brother's firm, Standard Mønsterforretning which had been established in Kristiania, Norway in 1900.
Personal life
In 1901, he married Anna Berg. Their son was the painter Lauritz Hartz (1903-1987).
Legacy
The grass species Poa hartzii was described by the French botanist Michel Gandoger (1920), who named it after Hartz because it was based on plants collected by Hartz in "Kordlunguak" at the Sullorsuaq Strait, West Greenland.
See also
Denmark expedition
References
Other sources
Jessen, Knud (1937) Nikolaj Eeg Kruse Hartz [obituary]. Botanisk Tidsskrift 44: 242–243.
Jessen, Knud (1937) Nikolaj Eeg Kruse Hartz [obituary]. Bulletin of the Geological Society of Denmark 9 (2): 237–240. Full text
1867 births
1937 deaths
People from Randers
Danish ecologists
Botanists active in the Arctic
University of Copenhagen alumni
Danish geologists
HOMO: Journal of Comparative Human Biology is a quarterly peer-reviewed gold Open Access scientific journal covering the study of human biology. It was established in 1949 by Egon Freiherr von Eickstedt and was published by Elsevier up to and including Volume 69 (2018). From Volume 70 (2019) it is published by E. Schweizerbart Science Publishers on behalf of the Australasian Society for Human Biology, of which it is the official journal. From Volume 70, the journal is published quarterly (four issues, formerly 6, but in a larger sub-A4 format).
As of volume 73 (2022), HOMO will be a gold Open Access journal, please see the official home page (below) for details.
The editors-in-chief are Maciej Henneberg (University of Adelaide), Andrea Cucina (Universidad Autónoma de Yucatán), Friedrich W. Rösing (University of Ulm, son of von Eickstedt's assistant, Ilse Schwidestsky), Frank J. Rühli (University of Zurich), and Stanley J. Ulijaszek (University of Oxford).
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2018 impact factor of 0.788.
References
External links
Anthropology journals
Bimonthly journals
E. Schweizerbart academic journals
Elsevier academic journals
English-language journals
Human biology journals
Publications established in 1949
The Jaguar XJ (XJ40) is a full-size luxury sedan manufactured by Jaguar Cars between 1986 and 1994. It was officially unveiled on 8 October 1986 as an all-new, second generation of the XJ to replace the Series III, although the two model ranges were sold concurrently until the Series III was discontinued in 1992. The XJ40 used the Jaguar independent rear suspension arrangement, and featured a number of technological enhancements (such as electronic instrument cluster). The 1993 XJ6 earned the title of "Safest Car in Britain" as the result of a government survey. The original 1986 car gave way to the heavily revised X300 model in 1994, followed by the X308 version in 1997. The XJ40 and its later derivatives, is to date, the second longest running Jaguar XJ platform with a total production run of 17 years.
Development
Throughout the 1970s Jaguar had been developing "Project XJ40", which was an all-new model intended to replace the original XJ6. Scale models were being built as early as 1972. Due to the 1973 oil crisis and problems at parent company British Leyland, the car was continually delayed. Proposals from both Jaguar's in-house designers and Pininfarina were received. Eventually, it was decided an internal design would be carried through to production and, in February 1981, the British Leyland board approved £80 million to produce the new car. Launch was originally scheduled for 1984, but following Jaguar's de-merger from BL and privatization that same year, the company's CEO Sir John Egan took advantage of the resurgence in sales of the existing Series III XJ6 (particularly in the lucrative North American market) to delay the XJ40's launch a further two years to allow for more development time.
The XJ40 was at the time, the most extensively tested vehicle the company had ever developed. Designs for the XJ40 pioneered significant improvements to how Jaguar cars were designed, built, and assembled. Among these improvements was a 25% reduction in the number of bodywork panels required per car (e.g. three pressings needed for a Series 3 door compared with one for a XJ40 door), resulting in not only a more efficient assembly process, but also a weight saving and a stiffer structure.
Despite this however, early production XJ40s still suffered from reliability (particularly with its electrical systems) and build quality issues, which damaged its reputation, and further continued Jaguar's poor reputation for quality, despite the extensive testing of the car, and the engineering efforts to improve quality. The protracted development time meant the car dated much quicker than its rivals, and it was quickly superseded technologically by the E32 BMW 7-Series (1986), the Lexus LS400 (1989) and the W140 Mercedes-Benz S-Class (1991). Following the takeover by Ford in 1990 the XJ40 was replaced by the X300 which whilst based on the XJ40 platform was highly revised in almost all areas.
Mechanicals
Initially, only two engines were offered across the XJ40 models: a 2.9 L and a 3.6 L version of the AJ6 inline-six. In 1990 the 3.6 L was replaced by a 4.0 L model and in 1991 the 2.9 L was replaced by a 3.2 L model.
During the development of the XJ40, British Leyland had considered providing the Rover V8 engine for the car, which would have eliminated the need for future Jaguar engine production. The XJ40 bodyshell was allegedly engineered to prevent fitting V-configuration engines - in particular the Rover V8 - which British Leyland management had desired; this delayed the introduction of the V12-powered XJ12 until 1993 as the front structure of the XJ40 had to be extensively redesigned. As a consequence, the preceding Series III XJ was kept in production in V12 form to cater for this market need until 1992.
The automatic gearbox used in the 2.9 L, 3.2 L and 3.6 L six-cylinder cars was the four-speed ZF 4HP22. On the 4.0 L, the four-speed ZF 4HP24 was used. A stronger automatic gearbox was required for the V12-equipped cars, and the four-speed GM 4L80-E was selected. The manual gearbox fitted to early cars was the five-speed Getrag 265, while later cars received the Getrag 290.
The automatic transmission selector was redesigned to allow the manual selection of forward gears without accidentally selecting neutral or reverse. This new feature was dubbed the "J-Gate" and remained a staple of all Jaguar models up until the 2008 Jaguar XF, when shift by wire technology rendered it redundant - all subsequent Jaguar models now use a rotary knob for transmission mode selection.
Exterior
The curvaceous lines of the outgoing Series XJ were replaced by the more angular, geometric shape of the XJ40.
For the first production run, all headlamps fitted were a set of two round lamps inside a chrome housing with painted bezels or a set of form-fitting composite rectangular headlamps with power-wash sprayers. The lower trim level had painted bezels without chrome. The latter were fitted to the higher trim levels: Sovereign and Daimler. The US safety regulations allowed the form-fitting composite headlamps in 1983 for the model year 1984 onward. However, the lengthy lead time for American type approval didn't give Jaguar the opportunity to change, at the last minute, to the popular composite rectangular headlamps in time for the US launch. During the 1990 model year refresh, the US-specified XJ40 received the composite rectangular headlamps for entire trim levels. The European headlamps have single reflector for low and high beams behind the flatter glass lens. The US headlamps have two separate reflectors for low and high beams behind the slightly bulbous plastic lens.
The bumper is a visually distinct black-rubber-covered bar that runs the full width of the car and incorporates the sidelights and indicator lights. The bonnet is hinged at the front. Window frames are either chromed or black, depending on model. Rain gutters, door mirrors, and door handles are also finished in chrome. All XJ40s have a chrome surround for the windshield and a single wide-sweeping wiper.
Early low-specification cars were fitted with metric-sized steel wheels and plastic wheelcovers. From 1991, the wheels were changed to imperial sizing.
Interior
The interior of the XJ40 was trimmed with either walnut or rosewood, and either cloth or leather upholstery (depending on model.)
Until 1990, cars were fitted with an instrument binnacle that used digital readouts for the ancillary gauges. Instrumentation included a vacuum fluorescent display named the "Vehicle Condition Monitor" (VCM), which contained a 32x32 dot-matrix screen capable of 34 functions. The VCM was able to alert the driver of bulb failure, brake pad wear, unlatched doors/boot, and low coolant level. However, the binnacle was notoriously unreliable and from 1990 on, the binnacle was redesigned to use analogue gauges.
Early cars used a two-spoke steering wheel that was later changed for a four-spoke airbag-equipped wheel. The glovebox was removed on later cars because of the space occupied when the passenger-side airbag was introduced.
Models
XJ6 1986-1994
The base XJ6 of the model range was modestly equipped; extra-cost options included alloy wheels, anti-lock brakes, air conditioning, leather upholstery, and an automatic transmission. The exterior featured two pairs of circular headlamps and black powder-coated window frames.
Sovereign 1986-1994
The Sovereign model came equipped with significantly more features than the base XJ6. Included was air conditioning, headlamp washers, a six-speaker sound system, rear self-levelling suspension (SLS), anti-lock braking system, and inlaid burl walnut wood trim (pre-MY1991). The headlamps fitted were the rectangular single units. The window frames were made from stainless steel.
Sport 1993-1994
Late in the XJ40 run 3.2S and 4.0S, in 1993-1994, Jaguar introduced the Sport model. It was available only with the six-cylinder engine, and featured rosewood interior trim (as opposed to the walnut trim of other models.) Both the door mirrors and radiator grill vanes were colour-keyed to the body, which was decorated with twin coachlines. Wider-profile tires were fitted, mounted on five-spoke alloy wheels.
Majestic 1989-1992 (SWB) & 1993-1994 (LWB)
A rare long-wheelbase model named the "Majestic" was produced in 1993 and 1994. These vehicles started life as a SWB body which was then taken away from the standard production line and stretched by Project Aerospace in Coventry, before being returned and fitted out by Jaguar Special Vehicle Operations. This meant the Majestic carried a significant price premium over the standard models. It was offered to all markets except the USA & Canada. This Car should never be confused with cars which were stretched into limousines through an aftermarket company.
There was also a Short Wheelbase (SWB) version on the regular wheelbase for the US market only from 1989-1992, called the "Vanden Plas Majestic" but badged as "Majestic". These cars were mostly finished in Regency Red (with Red "Lattice" alloys), apart from the 1992 cars which were finished in Black Cherry (with Oyster "Roulette" alloys). A SWB USA Majestic can be identified by "M" as the fourth letter of its VIN, and the LWB rest of world Majestic's have an "M" as the seventh digit of the VIN.
Gold 1994
The Gold model was introduced in 1994 with a limited set of features and options, and for a modest price. It was available in fewer exterior colours than other models, and was identified by a gold-plated badge on the boot and gold growler badge at the top of the radiator grille. Gold cars were fitted with the "Kiwi" style wheels and painted with twin coachlines.
Insignia
In 1992, when Jaguar closed the DS420 Limo shop, all the craftsmen were left standing idle. Jaguar devised "Insignia": a bespoke service for the XJ40/XJ81 (see below) and XJS, where prospective owners could specify special paint, trim, wood and wheels at additional cost in any given combination. 318 XJ40 Insignias were produced, most of them can be identified by the oblong gold-on-black "Insignia" badges on the front wings, and by their above-standard interiors.
All of the interior trim was done in leather (two-tone colouring being an option), opposed to the leather-vinyl combinations used on regular-spec cars. Special paint colours were introduced for the Insignia: Mahogany, Amethyst Blue, Mineral Green, Primrose Pearl, Crystal Blue, Saturn Orange, Peppermint, Sandstone, White Pearl and Lavender.
A number of Insignias were put onto the Jaguar demo fleet to do the round of the dealerships to show all the options available in the Insignia line.
XJR
The XJR, introduced in 1988, was a high-performance model that was finished by the Oxfordshire-based JaguarSport company, a dual venture by Jaguar and race team TWR, at TWRs Kidlington-based factory alongside the XJ220. Based upon a Sovereign model, it was fitted with uprated suspension with unique Bilstein dampers, a revised power steering valve to increase the steering weight by 40% and special exterior paint and exterior styling touches. Early examples were fitted with a 3.6 L AJ6 engine in standard tune but later models had a TWR tuned version of the 4.0 AJ6, with new inlet manifolds, uprated cams and a tweaked ECU. Some examples are also fitted with a larger bore JaguarSport exhaust system.
The XJR differed cosmetically from other XJ40 models with its body coloured bodykit, consisting of new front and rear valances and side skirts, all from fiberglass, a black grill with a JaguarSport badge in it and unique Speedline alloy wheels with wider tyres. Later models had ducting fitted to the front valance to feed cool air directly to the brake discs. The interior featured a leather MOMO steering wheel, JaguarSport logos on the dial faces, leather shift knob, and seat headrests embossed with the JaguarSport logo.
The XJR model was introduced in 1988 and ceased production in 1994. In 1991 the appearance of the XJR changed when it switched to the square headlights of the Sovereign model and was fitted with a different design of bodykit. Only a few hundred of each variation were produced, making the cars rare today.
XJ12 and Daimler Double Six (XJ81)
Given the model code XJ81, the XJ40-based XJ12 and Daimler Double Six were introduced at the Amsterdam Auto Show in February 1993 and powered by a 6.0-litre version of Jaguar's V12 engine. This was mated to a GM 4L80E 4-speed automatic gearbox. It could be identified by the XJ12 or Double Six badge on the rear and a V12 emblem on the glovebox. The XJ12 used the two twin-headlamp pairs, black radiator grille vanes, and a gold "growler" badge on the radiator grille top, while the Daimler received the rectangular headlamps. Early cars used stainless steel window frames, on later cars they were changed to black.
Daimler / Vanden Plas
The Daimler-branded cars represented the highest trim level, and were sold as their Vanden Plas model by Jaguar dealers in the United States. Like the Sovereign, it was fitted with the single rectangular headlamps. Cosmetically, it differed from other models with its fluted radiator grille surround, boot-lid plinth and detail finishes. A Daimler interior features fold-out picnic tables for the rear passengers and a 2-passenger rear seat versus the 'flat', 3-passenger item on the Jaguars.
References
XJ
Flagship vehicles
Full-size vehicles
Luxury vehicles
Police vehicles
Sedans
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 1986
1990s cars
There have been several Catholic Church synods called the Council of Soissons:
March 744: Presided over by Saint Boniface. Attended by Hartbert, bishop of Sens. Appointed Abel bishop.
13 November 833: Presided over by Ebbo, archbishop of Rheims. Held at the church of St Mary. Deposed Louis the Pious and forced him to confess to various crimes.
853: Declared the acts of Ebbo during his second episcopate invalid.
18 August 866: Attended by Wenilo, archbishop of Rouen.
1092-1093: Presided over by Renaud du Bellay, archbishop of Rheims. Condemned Roscellin's form of nominalism as a heretical tritheism. Its acts do not survive.
References
Bibliography
. &
8th-century church councils
9th-century church councils
11th-century Catholic Church councils
Christianity in Francia
The World Sailor of the Year Awards were launched in 1994 by World Sailing (formerly the International Sailing Federation) to reward individual sailors for outstanding achievements in the sport. The awards have been sponsored by Rolex since 2001.
List of winners
External links
Awards established in 1994
ISAF World Sailor of the Year Awards
The Sangihe Islands Regency () is a regency of North Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. It comprises a group of islands situated to the North of Sulawesi. It covers a land area of 736.98 km2, and had a population of 126,100 at the 2010 Census and 139,262 at the 2020 Census. The principal island is also named Sangihe, on which lies the main town of Tahuna. Minor island groups within the Regency include the Marore group considerably to the north of Sangihe Island, the Tatoareng group to the south, and the Nusa Tabukan group off the northeast coast of Sangihe Island. It borders the Philippines in the north, making it one of Indonesia's border regions.
History
Prior to rapid decentralization after the fall of Suharto, all of the archipelago to the north of the Minahasa Peninsula was administered as a single regency named Sangihe Islands and Talaud Regency. In 2002, it was split into two regencies, one for the Sangihe Islands and the other for the Talaud Islands, based on Law Number 8 of 2002. In 2007, several islands from the Sangihe Islands Regency were split off to create another new regency – the Sitaro Islands Regency – giving the Sangihe Islands its current status based on Law Number 15 of 2007.
It is believed that inhabitants of the Sangihe Islands migrated from the Philippines archipelago, especially from Mindanao. The culture of the native people in the islands has been influenced by Hinduism, Buddhism, and later, when the region was under Spanish hegemony, Christianity. Several native kingdoms existed such as Kendar Kingdom and Tabukan Kingdom, which later in the 18th and 19th centuries were described as partly influenced by Islam.
Geography
Total area of the regency including water area is 11,863.58 square kilometers, from which only 736.98 square kilometers are land or 6.2% of total area of the regency. It is divided into 15 districts (kecamatan), the biggest being North Tabukan district, consisting of 15.82% of the regency's total land area and the smallest being Nusa Tabukan district with only 2% of total land area in the regency.
Topography of the islands mostly consists of hills and steep topography for bigger islands such as Sangihe and Siau. Around 55.4% of land area in the regency has slope above 40%. Soil composition consist of alluvium, which mostly used for residential areas. Elevation varies from 0 to 1,800 meters above sea level depending on the location. Main economic center of the regency, Tahuna, has average elevation of 250 meters above sea level. The regency has three active volcanoes, and experiences frequent earthquakes. Two of three volcanoes are underwater. The region is quite resilient to erosion because of dense vegetation usually found on its coastal region, while most human settlements are found on higher altitudes in the middle of islands. However, because of its steep topography, the region is prone to landslides especially during bad weather.
As with most regions in Indonesia the Regency has a tropical climate and is affected by monsoons, with the rainy season experienced between September and November. Annual rainfall varies, depending on the island, from 2,500 to above 3,000 millimeters per year. There is little variation to temperature yearly, on average between 26 and 28 Celsius in the entire year. The region experiences high moisture levels ranging between 81 to 87% with average yearly of 83.6%.
Governance
Administrative districts
The regency is divided into fifteen districts (kecamatan), listed below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres.
Notes: (a) comprises a group of 21 islands lying to the south of Sangihe Island. (b) notwithstanding the name of "Tabukan Island", this district actually comprises a group of 16 islands off the northeast coast of Sangihe Island. (c) comprises a group of islands lying to the north of Sangihe Island.
Local government
The Regency is a second-level administrative division, equivalent to a city. As a regency, it is headed by a regent who is elected democratically. Meanwhile, heads of districts are appointed directly by the regent with the recommendation of regency secretary. Executive power lies with the regent and vice regent while legislative function is overseen by regency's parliament.
Politics
The regency is part of the 3rd North Sulawesi electoral district at the provincial level, which has 5 out of 45 representatives in the provincial parliament. At a regency level, it is divided into three electoral districts and has a total of 25 representatives. The last election was in 2019 and the next one will be in 2024.
Economy
Main economic activity in the regency is fisheries, which contributes to 27.96% of its gross regional product. Other biggest sectors are trade with 15.33% and administration service with 12.33%. Other significant industries include construction, warehouse, and financial and insurance services. There has been a sharp decline in agricultural output, such as ginger production from 6,499 kilograms in 2019 to 2,887 in 2020 and galanga from 2,562 to 1,215. Other than agriculture and fisheries, the regency also produces various fruits such as jackfruit with output of 494.3 tons, banana with output of 232.96 tons, and mango with output of 112.96 tons in 2020. Biggest livestock population in the regency is pig with population of 10.459. Fastest growing sector in 2020 was the communication sector with growth of 9.90% followed by financial and insurance with 9.48%. Economic growth in 2019 was 5.43%, which however decreased sharply to 0.50% in 2020 because of COVID-19 pandemic.
Demographics
As with most of the Indonesian regions, it has a young population dominated by those above 15 years old. Sex ratio in the regency in 2020 was 104, which means there are 104 males for every 100 female population. Population growth is 1%, where the fastest growing district is Central South Tabukan District with a population growth of 2.26% in 2020. 67,654 people out of the population is considered economically active by Statistics Indonesia. Literacy rate in 2020 was 98.93% and life expectancy was 70 years. 83% of the regency population are Protestants, followed by 16% of Muslims, 0.84% of Catholics, and 0.01% of other religions such as Hindu and Buddhism.
Infrastructure
Education infrastructure in the regency includes 90 kindergartens, 207 elementary schools, 62 junior high schools, 18 senior high schools, and 9 vocational high schools. There are several higher education institutions, including state-owned Nusa Utara Polytech, Didaskalos Christianity College of Sangihe, and Monetary & Banking GMIST Academy. The regency is the most developed in terms of education infrastructure compared to the other two island regencies around it, Talaud and Sitaro Islands Regency. Nusa Utara Polytech was expanded and new building inaugurated in 2021. It created 2,556 graduates in 2020 and offered diploma in nursery, fishery-related programs such as maritime resources management, and computer and communication. It was created first in 2006 with assistance of Ratulangi University and the Ministry of Education and Culture in a previously regency-owned nursery academy and has since been expanded.
Healthcare facilities including a hospital, two polyclinics, 91 puskesmas, and 10 pharmacies. In addition, there are 21 family planning clinics. Liun Kendage Regional Hospital is the main healthcare facility in the region with facility of 200 beds as of 2016. In 2020, the hospital underwent a major expansion including construction of a new building. It is a referral hospital for nearby regions and especially for regions closer to the Indonesian border such as Sitaro Islands Regency and Talaud Islands Regency. The expansion is expected to finish on 2022. There are exactly 137 mosques, 558 Protestant churches, and 8 Catholic churches in the regency as of 2020.
The total road length in the regency is 782.92 kilometers, out of which 569.72 kilometers have been sealed and paved with asphalt. The regency is served by Naha Airport which facilitated 22,414 passengers in 2020. Being an archipelago, water transport is important for movement within the regency and to outside regions. In 2020, there were 902 ships in and out of the regency with 285,861 total number of passengers both in and out. The regency is served by Sea Toll Program to help reduce price disparity in the region. Tahuna Port is the main port for the regency, located in Tahuna. It serves both passengers and containers in and out of the regency. It serves movement of around 31,450 tons of goods in and out. The port underwent an expansion in 2019 and construction was expected to finish in 2021. Other than that, the port also serves as a route to the Philippines.
References
Regencies of North Sulawesi
In enzymology, a tartrate epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(R,R)-tartrate meso-tartrate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, (R,R)-tartrate, and one product, meso-tartrate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is tartrate epimerase. This enzyme is also called tartaric racemase. This enzyme participates in glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism.
References
EC 5.1.2
Enzymes of unknown structure
Mass gathering medicine, also known as event medicine, crowd medicine or mass gathering health, is a field of medicine that explores the health effects/risks of mass gatherings and the strategies that contribute positively to effective health services delivery during these events.
The reason for the development of the field of medicine gives the fact that mass gatherings generate a higher incidence of injury and illness, may be the subject to a catastrophic accident or attack with large numbers of injured or dead persons.
Mass Gathering Medicine is viewed as a niche field of prehospital care in emergency medicine at the University of British Columbia.
Among factors influencing on the demand for the health care at mass gatherings are:
the weather,
duration of the event,
if the crowd moves,
containment of the event (fenced/contained or not),
availability of alcohol/drugs,
the density of the crowd et al.,
possibility for spreading of communicable diseases
Key purposes of Mass Gathering Medical Services at an event are:
rapid access to the injured or ill patients,
effective stabilizing and transporting injured or ill patients,
on-site care for minor injuries and illnesses.
The Department of Global Alert and Response of the World Health Organization supports Member States hosting mass gatherings. As the acknowledgement of growth in the area of Mass Gathering Medicine, there is a need for consistency in the research and evaluation of mass gathering events. This is important because mass gatherings may impact on health services and having a collective understanding of the impact of mass gatherings on health services may mitigate any poor outcomes for patients.
Mass gathering medicine support requires planning in advance.
Medical journal The Lancet held a conference on Mass Gathering Medicine in October 2010 in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
In 2015, This Is Life with Lisa Ling filmed an episode featuring mass-gathering medicine with event medical specialists Dr. Andrew Bazos and Connor Fitzpatrick of CrowdRx, Inc.
The inaugural Mass Gathering Medicine Summit was held in New York City on April 21–22, 2016.
The fourth annual Mass Gathering Medical Summit will be held in Las Vegas on March 15–16, 2019
References
External links
Emergency medicine
Medical specialties
A Caixa is a 1994 Portuguese comedy film adapted from the play by Prista Monteiro by Manoel de Oliveira, who also directed the film. It was screened in competition at the 1994 Tokyo International Film Festival.
Plot
Stories of various individuals living in a poor district of Lisbon are intertwined with the sad life of a blind street vendor whose only means of support is his elm box.
Cast
Luís Miguel Cintra as Blind Man
Glicínia Quartin as Old Woman
Ruy de Carvalho as Taverner
Beatriz Batarda as Daughter
Diogo Dória as Friend
Isabel Ruth as Saleswoman
References
External links
1994 films
French drama films
Portuguese drama films
1990s Portuguese-language films
1994 drama films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
1990s French films
A merlon is the solid upright section of a battlement (a crenellated parapet) in medieval architecture or fortifications. Merlons are sometimes pierced by narrow, vertical embrasures or slits designed for observation and fire. The space between two merlons is called a crewel, and a succession of merlons and crenels is a crenellation. Crenels designed in later eras for use by cannons were also called embrasures.
Etymology
The term merlon comes from the French language, adapted from the Italian , possibly a shortened form of , connected to Latin (pitchfork), or from a diminutive , from or (a wall). An alternative etymology suggests that the medieval Latin (mentioned from the end of the 10th century) functioned as a diminutive of Latin , "blackbird", expressing an image of this bird sitting on a wall.
As part of battlements
As an essential part of battlements, merlons were used in fortifications for millennia. The best-known examples appear on medieval buildings, where battlements, though defensive, could be attractively formed, thus having a secondary decorative purpose. Some (especially later) buildings have false "decorative battlements". The two most notable European variants in Middle Ages merlons shape were the Ghibelline and the Guelph merlon: the former ended in the upper part with a swallow-tailed form, while the latter term indicates the normal rectangular shape merlons (wimperg).
Other shapes include: three-pointed, quatrefoil, shielded, flower-like, rounded (typical of Islamic and African world), pyramidal, etc., depending on either from the type of attacks expected or aesthetic considerations.
In Roman times, the merlons had a width sufficient to shelter a single man. As new weapons appeared in the Middle Ages (including crossbows and the first firearms), the merlons were enlarged and provided with loop-holes of various dimensions and shapes, varying from simply rounded to cruciform. From the 13th century, the merlons could also be used to pivot wooden shutters; these added further protection for the defenders when they were not firing, or were firing downwards near the base of the wall. The shutters, also known as mantlets, could be opened by hand, or by using a pulley.
Later use
After falling out of favour when the invention of the cannon forced fortifications to take a much lower profile, merlons re-emerged as decorative features in buildings constructed in the neo-Gothic style of the 19th century.
Gallery
See also
Defensive walls
Machicolation
References
External links
Castle architecture
Types of wall
Power County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2010 Census, the county had a population of 7,817. The county seat and largest city is American Falls. The county was created by the Idaho Legislature on January 30, 1913, by a partition of Cassia County. It is named for an early hydroelectric power plant (1902) at the American Falls.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.7%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Bannock County – east
Oneida County – south
Bingham County – north
Blaine County – northwest
Cassia County – southwest
Major highways
Interstate 86
US 30
SH-37
SH-39
National protected areas
Caribou National Forest (part)
Craters of the Moon National Monument and Preserve (part)
Curlew National Grassland (part)
Minidoka National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Sawtooth National Forest (part)
Government
Power County's commissioners are:
Ronald Funk (Chairman, District 1)
William Lasley (District 2)
Delane Anderson (District 3)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,538 people, 2,560 households, and 1,968 families living in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 2,844 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 83.78% White, 0.09% Black or African American, 3.29% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 11.10% from other races, and 1.38% from two or more races. 21.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 18.0% were of German, 17.6% English and 10.9% American ancestry.
There were 2,560 households, out of which 40.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.40% were married couples living together, 8.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.10% were non-families. 20.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.38.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 33.80% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 25.40% from 25 to 44, 22.00% from 45 to 64, and 10.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,226, and the median income for a family was $36,685. Males had a median income of $29,676 versus $20,930 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,007. About 10.80% of families and 16.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.10% of those under age 18 and 12.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 7,817 people, 2,641 households, and 2,019 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,944 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 75.1% white, 2.3% American Indian, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 19.5% from other races, and 2.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 29.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.7% were German, 16.7% were English, and 7.2% were American.
Of the 2,641 households, 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 23.6% were non-families, and 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.39. The median age was 33.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,843 and the median income for a family was $46,391. Males had a median income of $35,674 versus $29,844 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,412. About 8.3% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
American Falls
Pocatello (partly)
Rockland
Census-designated place
Arbon Valley
Unincorporated communities
Arbon
Neeley
Pauline
Roy
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Power County, Idaho
References
External links
County website
County Parcel Map
Idaho counties
1913 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1913
Pocatello, Idaho metropolitan area
The black-hooded antshrike (Thamnophilus bridgesi) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
The black-hooded antshrike was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1856 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus bridgesi.
References
Further reading
black-hooded antshrike
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
black-hooded antshrike
black-hooded antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Voznyak is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anastasiya Voznyak (born 1998), Ukrainian rhythmic gymnast
Ihor Voznyak
Taras Voznyak (born 1957), Ukrainian writer
See also
Vozniak, surname
Ukrainian-language surnames
The Battle of Fréteval, which took place on 3 July 1194, was a medieval battle, part of the ongoing fighting between Richard the Lionheart and Philip II of France that lasted from 1193 to Richard's death in April 1199. During the battle, the Anglo-Norman and Angevin forces ambushed the French army, which was defeated. Philip managed to flee but lost his archives which were captured by Richard. After the battle, Philip decided to keep them in Paris, which led to the creation of the French national library, the Archives Nationales.
Background
King Richard I of England had been captured and imprisoned by Leopold of Austria on the King's return from crusade in December 1192. For over a year, the terms of his release were negotiated, until he was released on payment of a massive ransom in January 1194. Whilst he was imprisoned, Richard's brother, John, had allied against Richard with the French King, Philip II, who had also wanted to capture the English king. John had granted Philip much land from Richard's estates in Aquitaine. As well as various castles, this included the whole of the duchy lands east of the River Seine. During Richard's imprisonment, Philip had made attempts at physically occupying these estates, with some success, particularly around the important Channel ports of Dieppe (the shortest distance between Paris and the English channel) and Le Tréport. However, as soon as Richard returned to Normandy, John made his peace with him, abandoning Philip; Richard proceeded to unravel much of Philip's recent gains in the region, beginning with the raising of Philip's siege of Verneuil on 29 May 1194. There, Philip was forced into a hasty retreat, and, foreshadowing his losses at Fréteval, abandoned his siege engines and other valuable matériel.
Encounter at Fréteval Wood
King Philip probably shadowed Richard's army, as the latter moved through the Loire Valley, in an attempt at constraining the English army's ability to manoeuvre. However, Richard doubled-back on the French, in which pursuit the English king's horse was killed. It remains uncertain whether, despite the fact that contemporaries described the encounter as a battle, the two forces ever made contact. It is possible that the rear portion of the French force engaged with that of the English. However, as part of a war in which skirmishing was the usual form of encounter, Fréteval was no different, and, it has been said, it 'does not deserve the label of a battle.' In what was most likely an ambush by the English, Philip appears to have abandoned his baggage train in a wood as Richard approached, and escaped to a Saint-Hilaire chapel on Whitsun Eve. Philip's 'sudden departure', wrote historian John Gillingham, was 'the last straw for his troops, already demoralized by the threat to their supplies.' Richard proceeded to harry the retreating French soldiers, before entering Verneuil in triumph. The engagement at Fréteval has been described as 'a minor disaster' for the Philip, although probably more in political terms than military.
One of the reasons kings of the period were so often adverse to pitched battles was the fact that they travelled as an itinerant government and nomadic treasury, which were too valuable to lose on the battlefield. And since kings of this period often travelled as peripatetic courts, Philip's baggage train contained not just personal effects, such as household furniture but the necessary paraphernalia for government and tax collecting. Among the French king's luggage, captured by the English, were his personal seal, and important archival documents such as financial records, domanial charters, payment inventories, and rent and toll receipts. Also captured was a great quantity of treasure, 'whose value was immense,' said one French chronicler. Philip beat a hasty retreat across the River Epte, and in doing so, the bridge collapsed under the weight of the retreating army. This apparently resulted in the French king getting soaked through, which one writer has described as 'a condition which delighted Richard.' The English King may have come 'within minutes' of capturing Philip, but, being overly-enthusiastic in his attempt to capture Philip, rode a great distance past the chapel where Philip was actually hiding, allowing him to escape.
Aftermath
The archives, it has been claimed, gave Richard the names and details of all of Philip's spies and agents in the duchy of Aquitane, as well as Angevin deserters to the French. And at least one contemporary chronicler, it has been said, "dwelt lovingly" on the French king's humiliation, whilst, possibly in retaliation, Philip sacked the town of Évreux, which was a possession of Philip's erstwhile ally, John, as well as local churches. French chroniclers however, and perhaps less surprisingly, tended to gloss over Philip's rout at Fréteval; one covered it in a single sentence. This was not unusual; small skirmishes like Fréteval were often recorded by chroniclers whose side won and ignored by those who lost.
Richard, although he was never to return to England, dispatched the captured French archives to London, where they were deposited in the Tower. As a result of this battle, Philip became the first French king not to take his archives on campaign with him, as had been customary, but to create the Trésor des Chartes in Paris for permanent deposit in a newly created new Chancery. This has been described as "a first step in maintaining the documentary record of monarchial government."
References
Richard I of England
Freteval
Freteval
Conflicts in 1194
1194 in Europe
1190s in France
Philip II of France
The Doward (, "two small hills"), is an area in the parish of Whitchurch in south Herefordshire, England, consisting of the hills of Little Doward and Great Doward and extensive woodland. It is within the Wye Valley Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, on the border with Monmouthshire, Wales. The area, about north-east of Monmouth, is shrouded in legend and King Arthur's Cave is in the vicinity.
Geography
The Doward is located in the far south of Herefordshire, just across the border from Wales. In 1854, the district was reported to be of 254 acres. Little Doward is located about from Monmouth, just to the southeast of Ganarew and just to the west of Symonds Yat. The River Wye flows through the area forming the eastern and southern boundary of the area, and the A40 road forming its western boundary. It is heavily forested with several cave formations. The landscape is mountainous common, sprinkled with rock outcrops.
The Great Doward area is marked by "extensive stratified limestone mountains" and the Great Doward Hill is said to contain "large deposits of rich iron-ore of a peculiar quality". A lane in the area is called Black Stone Kiln's Lane, indicating historical economic activity here. To the west, the area is woody with wild elevations, interspersed with tame swells and hollows. Maliscot Wood lies to the southeast of The Doward. The woodland is part of an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB), and is protected by the Herefordshire Nature Trust.
Landmarks
King Arthur's Cave
King Arthur's Cave was occupied by man during the Upper Palaeolithic era. In 1871 the caves were excavated by Reverend W. S. Symond. The cave is shrouded in local superstition and is said to have had a part in the early legend of King Vortigern, a native British king who fought against the invading Anglo Saxons.
Hillfort
Little Doward hosts a British hillfort which seems to have been refortified in the post-Roman era. Ford tentatively identified it with the Cair Guorthigirn ("Fort Vortigern") listed by Nennius among the 28 cities of Britain in his History of the Britains.
Wyastone Leys
Wyastone Leys, formerly Lays House, is located at the southwestern corner of The Doward. The original house, The Leys, was built in 1795 by S. O. Attley of London. It was purchased around 1820 by Richard Blakemore who bought the Hadnock estate on the other side of the River Wye, demolished Hadnock House, and used the materials to rebuild and extend the Leys, between 1821 and 1838. The house was rebuilt in 1861 for John Bannerman of Manchester, by William Burn. In the woodland of Little Doward Hill above the house, the Forestry Commission planted, in 1953, a pattern of trees with contrasting foliage in the shape of the letters ER, to mark the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
Other
The Doward also contains several cottages. The camp has traces of three circular terraces winding in a snail mount. The Vikings once escaped via the precipice near the camp. Vaga Cottage is also of note and was home to the local reverend in the early 19th century. Other cottages include Beech Cottage, Leaping Stocks House, Lilac Cottage, and Highland Cottage near Symonds Yat. In the north of the Doward the small Biblins Suspension Bridge footbridge crosses the Wye to the Forestry Commission Biblins Youth Campsite.
Gallery
References
Notes
Sources
Geography of Herefordshire
Dave's Gourmet is a company notable for creating and introducing Dave's Insanity Sauce, which formerly held the title of "world's hottest sauce." The sauce is widely distributed through gourmet hot sauce boutiques and online hot-sauce sites.
History
The original Dave's Insanity Sauce premiered around 1993 and was one of the first sauces to be made directly from capsaicin extract, allowing it to be hotter than the hottest habanero-pepper sauces of the day. It has been rated at 180,000 Scoville units, compared with 2,500-5,000 for Tabasco sauce. Part of the intrigue behind the sauce name (Insanity) was founder Dave Hirschkop's wearing of a straitjacket at events promoting his products.
Varieties
The following varieties of Dave's Gourmet sauces are currently available:
Standard sauces
Cool Cayenne Sauce
Ginger Peach Hot Sauce
Hurtin' Jalapeño Sauce
Hurtin' Habanero Sauce
Jammin' Jerk Sauce
Roasted Garlic Hot Sauce
Roasted Red Pepper & Chipotle Hot Sauce
Scotch Bonnet Hot Sauce
Dave's Steak Sauce
Temporary Insanity Sauce
Insanity Sauce
Total Insanity Sauce
Ultimate Insanity Sauce
Ghost Pepper Naga Jolokia Hot Sauce
Scorpion Sauce
Carolina Reaper Sauce
References
External links
Hot sauces
Brand name condiments
Condiment companies of the United States
Federico Luzzi (3 January 1980 – 25 October 2008) was an Italian professional tennis player who had been ranked as high as World No. 92. Luzzi had been suspended from professional tennis in 2008 for six months after a determination was made that he had gambled on the outcome of matches over a three-year span. He was diagnosed with leukemia on a Wednesday and died four days later. While he was on suspension and awaiting the outcome of the case he studied acting in Hollywood. He screens tested and was to return to Hollywood in 2009 to begin filming two movies.
The FedeLux charity was founded in his honor, searching for a cure for cancer.
Tennis career
The 1.87m (6ft 2in) Luzzi, coached by Umberto Rianna, turned pro in 1999. His best season was in 2001 when he finished with the year ranked 96, having reached the quarterfinals at the Ciutat de Barcelona Tennis Tournament, won two ATP Challenger Series titles and made his Davis Cup debut.
In February 2002, Luzzi attained a world ranking of 92, the highest in his career. A serious shoulder injury plagued him for the remainder of his career.
Officials at the 2007 U.S. Open would not allow Luzzi to play while wearing a shirt with a Playboy bunny, as the logo failed a United States Tennis Association policy that only allows logos for recognized clothing manufacturers. Luzzi had worn the shirt during an opening qualifying match, but the USTA imposed the restriction before his second match, which Luzzi lost to Gabriel Trujillo-Soler of Spain.
In February 2008, the Association of Tennis Professionals found him guilty of wagering on the outcome of matches from May 2004 to April 2007. The ATP's Anti-Corruption Program prohibits all gambling on any form of tennis. The ATP banned Luzzi from playing for 200 days and fined him $50,000. The ATP determined that he had "wagered 273 times on 836 tennis matches", including a wager he had placed on himself to win a match, but the ATP stated that it had not uncovered any evidence that he had attempted to influence the result of any tennis match.
Illness and death
Luzzi was forced to retire from a club match in Sardinia in mid-October due to a fever. He went to the hospital and on Wednesday 21 October was diagnosed with cancer. Luzzi had contracted a rapid form of fulmonic leukemia, and died four days later on 25 October 2008 in a hospital in his home town of Arezzo at age 28.
His funeral was held in his hometown of Arezzo and was attended by over 3500 people including all of the officials of the Federazione Italiana Tennis (FIT) along with previous and current tennis stars of Italy. His pall bearers were his best friends.
Single titles
References
External links
His official website
1980 births
2008 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Tuscany
Deaths from leukemia
Italian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Arezzo
Nelson Barrere (April 1, 1808 – August 20, 1883) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, uncle of Granville Barrere.
Born in New Market, near Hillsboro, Ohio, Barrere attended the common schools, and Hillsboro High School in 1827.
He was graduated from Augusta (Kentucky) College in 1830.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1833 and commenced practice in Hillsboro.
He moved to West Union, Ohio, in 1834 and continued the practice of law.
In 1846 returned to Hillsboro, where he resided until his death.
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1837 and 1838.
Barrere was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-second Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 3, 1853).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1852 to the Thirty-third Congress.
He resumed the practice of law.
He died in Hillsboro, Ohio, August 20, 1883.
He was interred in Presbyterian Cemetery, New Market, Ohio.
Sources
1808 births
1883 deaths
People from Highland County, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
People from West Union, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Euchrysops kabrosae is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Kenya, Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of rocky hillsides in dry, mountainous country.
Subspecies
Euchrysops kabrosae kabrosae (western Kenya, eastern Uganda)
Euchrysops kabrosae rosieae Congdon, Kielland & Collins, 1998 (northern Tanzania)
References
Butterflies described in 1906
Euchrysops
Tiempo de revancha (English language: Time for Revenge) is a 1981 Argentine crime drama film written and directed by Adolfo Aristarain and starring Federico Luppi, Julio De Grazia, Haydée Padilla and Ulises Dumont. It was produced by Héctor Olivera and Luis O. Repetto. The music was composed by Emilio Kauderer. The film premiered in Argentina on July 30, 1981, and won 10 awards, including the Silver Condor for Best Film and Best Film (ex aequo) in the Montréal World Film Festival.
Tiempo de revancha is not only considered as a classic in Latin American cinema and a cult film, but also as a powerful allegory that deals directly with Argentina's last civil-military dictatorship, which was still ruling the country when it was released.
Synopsis
Pedro Bengoa, an ex-union organizing demolition worker, and Bruno Di Toro, an old friend of his, decide to blackmail the corrupt company they work for. They set up a fake accident in a copper pit, in which Di Toro pretends to have been struck mute as a consequence of an explosion, and Pedro would corroborate his story. During the explosion things don't go as planned and Di Toro loses his life, leaving Pedro to continue the plan on his own, still pretending to be mute. However, when the company finally agrees to a financial settlement, Pedro refuses to accept; he now wants only justice, and his case goes to the courts. This event changes Pedro's life forever.
Cast
Federico Luppi ... Pedro Bengoa
Haydée Padilla ... Amanda Bengoa
Julio De Grazia ... Larsen
Ulises Dumont ... Bruno Di Toro
Joffre Soares ... Aitor
Aldo Barbero ... Rossi
Enrique Liporace ... Basile
Arturo Maly ... García Brown
Rodolfo Ranni ... Torrens
Jorge Hacker ... Don Guido Ventura
Alberto Benegas ... Golo
Ingrid Pelicori ... Lea Bengoa
Jorge Chernov ... Jorge
Cayetano Biondo ... Bautista
Marcos Woinsky ... Polaco
Marcela Sotelo
Lidia Catalano
Cristina Arocca
Héctor Calori
Carlos Verón
Carlos Trigo
Osvaldo De la Vega
Aldo Pastur
Enrique Latorre
Jorge Velurtas
Rafael Casadó
Enrique Otranto
References
External links
1981 films
1981 crime drama films
1980s psychological thriller films
Argentine crime drama films
1980s Spanish-language films
Films about Latin American military dictatorships
Films set in the 1980s
Films set in Argentina
Political drama films
Argentine films about revenge
1980s Argentine films
A Quiet Little Marriage is a 2008 drama film directed by Mo Perkins and written by Perkins, Mary Elizabeth Ellis and Cy Carter. It also stars Ellis and Carter.
Cast
Mary Elizabeth Ellis as Olive
Cy Carter as Dax
Jimmi Simpson as Jackson
Michael O'Neill as Bruce
Charlie Day as Adam
Melanie Lynskey as Monique
Lucy DeVito as Silvia
Production
The film was produced by Hal Haberman, with cinematography by Eric Zimmerman; music by David Lux; and edited by Julia Gandelsonas.
Distribution
It was distributed by IFC Films.
Awards
The film won the Best Narrative Feature award at the 2009 Slamdance Film Festival.
References
External links
2008 films
2008 drama films
2000s English-language films
Yelistratov or Elistratov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Yelistratova or Elistratova. It may refer to
Semion Elistratov (born 1990), Russian speed skater
Yuliya Yelistratova (born 1988), Ukrainian triathlete
Russian-language surnames
Ígéret is the seventh studio album of the Hungarian folk metal band Dalriada. This is their first album that includes a song not only in Hungarian, since "Leszek A Hold" has Finnish verses, sung by Jonne Järvelä of Korpiklaani. The album title means "promise" in Hungarian.
Style
Ígéret combines metal elements like male and female growling with clean song and Hungarian folk, featuring a power metal ballad, "Mennyei Harang" as well as contrapuntal solos. Strong vocal melodies have been observed throughout the album. Apart from influences of power metal, the album shows hints of thrash metal.
Reception
The album received favourable reviews from various webzines. Onemetal.com and the Austrian Stormbringer webzine lauded the successful combination of metal and folk and the songwriting on Ígéret. The latter remarked the diversity of the various tracks and singer Laura Binder's skill in clean vocals and growls. The German edition of Metal Hammer awarded five out of seven points to the album in a 2011 rating. The Metal Forces magazine was equally positive about Binder's clean vocals and noted that Dalriada did not use as much growling as other bands of the genre.
Ígéret was also a commercial success and peaked at position 6 in the Hungarian Mahasz official charts.
Track listing
The song "Igazi Tűz [True Fire]" is a tribute to former band member Péter Hende who died unexpectedly in 2001.
Personnel
Laura Binder - vocals
András Ficzek - vocals, guitars
Mátyás Németh-Szabó - guitar
István Molnár - bass
Barnabás Ungár - keyboards, backing vocals
Tadeusz Rieckmann - drums, harsh vocals, backing vocals
Session/guest musicians:
Jonne Järvelä - vocals (on track 10)
Attila Fajkusz - violin, tambourine, backing vocals
Ernő Szőke - doublebass
Gergely Szőke - viola, lute, acoustic guitars
References
2011 albums
Dalriada (band) albums
This list encompasses students of the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus (1707–1778), professor of medicine at Uppsala University from 1741 until 1777, who laid the foundations for the modern scheme of taxonomy and also had a deep indirect influence through his many students.
Individuals in bold italics were Apostles of Linnaeus, Linnaeus' most promising and committed students who made botanical expeditions to various places in the world.
A-F
Erik Acharius
Adam Afzelius
Carl Fredrik Adler
Johann Beckmann
Andreas Berlin
Anders Dahl
Jonas Carlsson Dryander
Jakob Friedrich Ehrhart
Johan Christian Fabricius
Johan Peter Falk
Peter Forsskål
G-Q
Leonard Gyllenhaal
Birger Martin Hall
Fredric Hasselquist
Pehr Kalm
Johann Gerhard König
Adam Kuhn
Pehr Löfling
Erik Gustaf Lidbeck
Anton Rolandsson Martin
Pehr Osbeck
R-Z
Daniel Rolander
Göran Rothman
Daniel Solander
Anders Erikson Sparrman
Christopher Tärnström
Peter Gustaf Tengmalm
Carl Peter Thunberg
Anders Tidström
Olof Torén
Martin Vahl
Johan Gustav Wahlbom 1724–1808
See also
Peter Artedi (1705–1735), naturalist and friend of Linnaeus, called "the father of Ichthyology".
Carl Linnaeus
Linnaeus, Students
List of Students of Linnaeus
Students of Linnaeus
The Anare Mountains () are a large group of mainly snow-covered peaks and ridges along the northern coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica. The group is bounded on the north and east by the Pacific Ocean, on the west by Lillie Glacier, and on the south by Robertson Glacier, Ebbe Glacier and Dennistoun Glacier. Kirkby Glacier, in length, drains the central Anare Mountains and flows northwest to the sea from Cape North, and just north of Arthurson Bluff, northern Victoria Land. The mountain range is situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
Mountains in this area were first sighted by Captain James Clark Ross in 1841. They were photographed during United States Navy Operation Highjump (1946–1947) and were surveyed by the United States Geological Survey helicopter teams, 1962–63. Named by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1963–64, for the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE), 1962, under Phillip Law, which performed survey work along the coast.
See also
Buell Peninsula
Prince Charles Mountains
Tiger Peak
References
Mountain ranges of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Algeria national judo team represents Algeria at the international judo competitions such as Olympic Games or World Judo Championships.
Medal count
Algeria has 9 participations in the Summer Olympic of 27 editions held from 1896 to 2016.
List of medalists at Olympic Games
List of medalists at Paralympic Games
List of medalists at World Championships
List of medalists at Summer Universiade
List of medalists at Mediterranean Games
See also
Algeria at the Olympics
References
External links
Athletics at Summer Olympics
National team
judo
is a private junior college, located in the city of Iwaki, Fukushima, Japan.
History
was established in 2007. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1966 as the Shoheiko Junior College. It changed its name to Iwaki Junior College in 1972
External links
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukushima Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Iwaki, Fukushima
Ryan Cranston is a professional lacrosse player and advocate for cancer patients. A native of West Chester, Pennsylvania, Cranston attended B. Reed Henderson High School. He later attended Lynchburg College, where he was a four-year stand out lacrosse player and a 3-x Division 3 lacrosse all-American. In 2008, after graduating from college, Cranston was drafted in the 4th round of the MLL draft by the San Francisco Dragons. Later he joined the LXM pro tour. Using his lacrosse pedigree, Cranston is the creator and founder of the lacrosse tournament "Care 4 the Cure", in which all proceeds go to the fight against leukemia and lymphoma.
College career
Ryan Cranston attended Lynchburg College, located in Lynchburg, Virginia where he graduated in 2008. While attending there he helped lead the Hornets to two ODAC lacrosse championships (2005, 2008) and 3 NCAA Division III lacrosse tournament appearances. Along with team success, Cranston showed his individual skill by becoming a 3x Division 3 Lacrosse All-American, a 4x ODAC All-conference selection. He also participated in the senior North-South game.
Professional career
In the 2008 MLL draft, Ryan Cranston was selected in the 4th round as the 32nd overall draft pick by the San Francisco Dragons. Cranston was the first of only three Division 3 lacrosse players selected in the 2008 entry draft.
After playing in the MLL for one season, Ryan Cranston decided to join the LXM PRO lacrosse tour. The LXM pro tour is a league that combines both a lacrosse game with live concert performances. It consists of the 40 top professional lacrosse players to compete against one another on 2 teams.
Care 4 the Cure
Ryan Cranston uses his lacrosse pedigree to give back to the community and help others. Cranston is the creator and founder of the lacrosse tournament “Care 4 the Cure”. This tournament was created in honor of his sister-in-law, Caroline, who was diagnosed with leukemia in 2008. Cranston wanted to create an event to honor her and help bring awareness to this disease. In 2009, the first “Care 4 the Cure” lacrosse tournament was held, with all proceeds going to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. In addition to this a scholarship was created in Caroline's name. In its first year, it raised $8,000. Hoping to double donations, Cranston again held the “Care 4 the Cure” lacrosse tournament on November 7, 2010 at West Chester Henderson High School in his hometown of West Chester, Pennsylvania. The tournament proved to be a great success, opening up to 22 high school lacrosse teams from the Philadelphia area. Along with donations to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, "Care 4 the Cure" also donated $1,000 to the Be the Match Foundation, a bone marrow registry in 2010.
References
Living people
American lacrosse players
Lynchburg Hornets men's lacrosse players
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from West Chester, Pennsylvania
Vexillography is the art and practice of designing flags; a person who designs flags is a vexillographer. Vexillography is allied with vexillology, the scholarly study of flags, but is not synonymous with that discipline.
Background of flag design
Flag designs exhibit a number of regularities, arising from a variety of practical concerns, historical circumstances, and cultural prescriptions that have shaped and continue to shape their evolution.
Vexillographers face the necessity for the design to be manufactured (and often mass-produced) into or onto a piece of cloth, which will subsequently be hoisted aloft in the outdoors to represent an organization, individual, idea, or group. In this respect, flag design departs considerably from logo design: logos are predominantly still images suitable for reading off a page, screen, or billboard; while flags are alternately draped and fluttering images - visible from a variety of distances and angles (including the reverse). The prevalence of simple bold colors and shapes in flag design attests to these practical issues.
Flag design has a history, and new designs often refer back to previous designs, effectively quoting, elaborating, or commenting upon them. Families of current flags may derive from a few common ancestors - as in the cases of the Pan-African colours, the Pan-Arab colors, the Pan-Slavic colors, the Nordic Cross flag and the Ottoman flag.
Certain cultures prescribe the proper design of their own flags, through heraldic or other authoritative systems. Prescription may be based on religious principles: see, for example, Islamic flags. Vexillographers have begun to articulate design principles, such as those jointly published by the North American Vexillological Association and the Flag Institute in their Guiding Principles of Flag Design.
Principles of design
In 2006, the North American Vexillological Association published a booklet titled Good Flag, Bad Flag to aid those wishing to design or re-design a flag. Taking a minimalist approach, the booklet lists five basic flag design principles which have become a standard reference in the vexillographer community. In 2014, the North American Vexillological Association, alongside the Flag Institute created an updated booklet titled The Commission's Report on the Guiding Principles of Flag Design, which addresses issue present in Good Flag, Bad Flag, and goes more in-depth on the ideas laid forth in the aforementioned booklet. The guidelines in this booklet can be summarized as follows:
Basics
Keep in mind the physics of a flag in flight when designing a flag
Simple designs are more easily remembered
Flags should have distinctive designs that separate them from others
Designs and trends should be avoided if there is a possibility that they can date quickly
Color
Using fewer colors keeps designs simple and bold
Contrast is important; use light on dark and dark on light
Modern printing techniques have made more shades of color available than previously, and this can be used advantageously
Designs should make the edge of a flag be well-defined so as to not get visually lost in the background of where it is flying
Structure
Charges are best placed in the canton, hoist, or center of a design as these are the most visually prominent areas
Flag designs are usually longer than they are tall
Having different designs on the obverse and reverse of a flag undermines recognition and increase cost of production
Devices
A single device used in a prominent position ensures recognizability when the flag is in flight or at rest
When multiple devices are used, different background colors can be used to "anchor" the devices into the overall design
Devices should be stylized graphical representations as opposed to realistic renderings
Writing on flags is difficult to read in flight; Parade Banners and Military Colors are usually more rigid than normal flags, making text more commonplace on them
Charges with directionality traditionally face towards the hoist, or flagpole
Seals, coats of arms, or logos are usually too complex to be used effectively on a flag, although exceptions exist
Symbolism
Symbols should be both distinct and representative
A flag should represent the totality of any given community as opposed to its individual parts
A flag should emphasize its own identity over higher-level groupings, otherwise distinctiveness is lost
Symbolism relating to other entities should only be used if there is a clear, direct relevance
Designers should avoid representing any particular reference in multiple ways, and instead try to make a single definitive reference
Prominent vexillographers
Columbano Bordalo Pinheiro, designer of the flag of Portugal
Luis and Sabino Arana, designers of the Ikurriña (the flag of the Basque Country)
Graham Bartram, designer of the flag of Tristan da Cunha and others
Manuel Belgrano, designer of the flag of Argentina
Frederick 'Fred' Brownell, designer of the flags of South Africa and Namibia
Ron Cobb, designer of the American Ecology Flag
John Eisenmann, designer of the flag of the U.S. state of Ohio
Mohamed Hamzah, designer of the flag of Malaya
Quamrul Hassan, designer of the flag of Bangladesh
Cederic Herbert, designer of the flag of the short-lived Zimbabwe Rhodesia
Francis Hopkinson, generally acknowledged designer of the American flag
Friedensreich Hundertwasser, designer of a koru flag, among others
Susan K. Huhume, designer of the flag of Papua New Guinea
Sharif Hussein, designer of the flag of the Arab Revolt
James I of England, designer of the first flag of Great Britain
Syed Amir-uddin Kedwaii, designer of the flag of Pakistan
Lu Haodong, designer of the Blue Sky with a White Sun flag of the Republic of China
Nicola Marschall, designer of the "Stars and Bars", the First National Flag of the Confederate States of America
John McConnell, designer of a flag of the Earth
Fredrik Meltzer, designer of the flag of Norway
Raimundo Teixeira Mendes, designer of the flag of Brazil
William Porcher Miles, designer of the battle flag of the Confederate States of America
Francisco de Miranda, designer of the flag of Venezuela, upon which the present flags of Colombia and Ecuador are based.
Theodosia Okoh, designer of the flag of Ghana
Christopher Pratt, designer of the flag of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador
Orren Randolph Smith, citizen of North Carolina who is co-credited as being the father of the "Stars and Bars" flag, along with Nicola Marschall.
Whitney Smith, designer of the flag of Guyana and other flags
George Stanley, designer of the flag of Canada
Joaquín Suárez, designer of the flag of Uruguay
Pingali Venkayya, designer of the flag of India
Robert Watt, designer of the flag of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Oliver Wolcott, Jr., designer of the flag of the United States Customs Service
Zeng Liansong, designer of the flag of the People's Republic of China
İsmet Güney, designer of the flag of Cyprus
Nguyen Huu Tien, designer of the flag of Vietnam
Gilbert Baker, designer of the rainbow flag symbol of the LGBT Movement
Alexander Baretich, designer of the Cascadian bioregional flag AKA Doug Flag
Ralph Eugene Diffendorfer, co-designer of the Christian Flag
Christopher Gadsden, designer of the Gadsden flag
Monica Helms, designer of the Transgender pride flag
Catherine Rebecca Murphy Winborne - the "Betsy Ross of the Confederacy" - also co-credited as the designer of the "Stars and Bars" flag
Adolf Hitler, designer of the flag of Nazi Germany, the Reichskriegsflagge and his personal standard
Betsy Ross, designer, according to legend, of the American flag during the American Revolution
Theodore Sizer, designed of the flag of St. Louis
Gerard Slevin, former Chief Herald of Ireland reputed to have helped design the flag of Europe.
Notes
Capitol News Company, LLC is an American media company based in Arlington, Virginia, United States. It is a private holding company owned by Robert L. Allbritton. Its primary publication is Politico. In 2020, it launched Protocol, a publication covering the people, power and politics of tech.
Capitol News Company was created when Politico was spun out of Allbritton Communications Company in 2009. The company also publishes Politico New York, a web site and magazine focused on the politics of New York City and New York state, as well as the inner workings of the New York-based news media, and which later expanded to cover New Jersey and Florida before being rebranded as Politico websites.
References
2009 establishments in Virginia
American companies established in 2009
Companies based in Arlington County, Virginia
Corporate spin-offs
Mass media companies of the United States
Politico
V.I. Warshawski is a 1991 American action-comedy crime film directed by Jeff Kanew and starring Kathleen Turner, Jay O. Sanders, Charles Durning, Lynnie Godfrey, Anne Pitoniak, Geof Prysirr, Angela Goethals, Stephen Meadows, Frederick Coffin, Stephen Root and Wayne Knight.
Plot
Victoria Iphigenia "V.I" Warshawski (Kathleen Turner) is a Chicago-based, freelance, private investigator who lives the part of the hard-boiled detective, but below the surface, she is a softy. One night, while she is drinking at her favorite bar, she meets an ex-Blackhawks hockey player named Boom-Boom Grafalk (Stephen Meadows). The two connect and a romance appears to be in the making, but Warshawski is surprised when Boom-Boom appears at her doorstep later that night with his 13-year-old daughter Kat (Angela Goethals) in tow.
He asks Warshawski if she could watch her, and Warshawski agrees. Later that night, Boom-Boom is killed in a boat explosion, and Kat hires Warshawski to track down her father's killer. In doing so, she befriends the victim's daughter; together they set out to crack the case.
Principal cast
Kathleen Turner as Victoria Iphigenia "V.I." Warshawski
Jay O. Sanders as Murray Ryerson
Charles Durning as Lieutenant Bobby Mallory
Lynnie Godfrey as Sal
Anne Pitoniak as Lotty
Geof Prysirr as Ron Whartley
Robert Clotworthy as Philip Pugh
Angela Goethals as Katherine "Kat" Grafalk, Bernard's Daughter
Nancy Paul as Paige Wilson-Grafalk
Stephen Meadows as Bernard "Boom-Boom" Grafalk
Frederick Coffin as Horton Grafalk
Charles McCaughan as Trumble Grafalk
John Fujioka as Sumitora
John Beasley as Ernie
Stephen Root as Mickey
Wayne Knight as Earl "Bonehead" Smeissen
Lee Arenberg as "Flesh"
Mike Hagerty as "Babe"
Tom Allard as Eddie "Big Eddie"
Herb Muller as Contreras
Everett Smith as McGraw
Gene Hartline as Thug
Production
Writing
The film was based on a series of books by Sara Paretsky. Screenwriters Edward Taylor, David Aaron Cohen, and Nick Thiel adapted only one of Sara Paretsky's novels, Deadlock, for the script for this movie, which took at least one liberty with the story. Whereas Paretsky had written the novel as a serious mystery, the screenwriters took an almost comedic approach. Paretsky was especially angry over the original script that had the independent female detective subordinate to a male counterpart for fear that a female character could not hold the lead role.
The film's plot is very different from that of Deadlock. In the book the ex-Blackhawks player Boom-Boom was the protagonist detective's cousin and lifelong companion, rather than a chance-met stranger; he had no daughter; and "Grafalk" was the family name of another character altogether, a devious shipping magnate who had a major role in the book but was dropped from the film.
Casting
Initially, the producers wanted to set the film in Baltimore and cast either Amy Madigan, Bette Midler or Jane Fonda as Warshawski. Kathleen Turner reprised her character V.I. Warshawski in a series of radio plays on BBC Radio 4, the radio version of Deadlock itself being broadcast in 1993.
Filming
Principal production began in Chicago in November 1990. Scenes were filmed at Wrigley Field, Chicago; Green Mill Cocktail Lounge - 4802 N. Broadway Avenue, Chicago, (used as the Golden Glow Cocktail Lounge); San Pedro, California, Long Beach, California; Fire Station 23 - 225 E. 5th Street, Los Angeles, and Warner Bros Studios. Completed shooting February 27, 1991.
Reception
Janet Maslin of The New York Times had mixed thoughts about the film but commended the acting: "It's too bad that V.I. Warshawski is itself a lot less glamorous than Ms. Turner's performance, since the character could easily be the centerpiece of a more appealing film...V.I. Warshawski has a breezy style and a serviceable, even surprising detective plot. And it has Ms. Turner, who makes the most of V.I. Warshawski's sardonic humor."
Roger Ebert of The Chicago Sun-Times gave the film 3 out of 4 stars and praised Turner's performance: "Kathleen Turner fits the character more closely than I would have imagined. Her laugh seems aged by whiskey, her smile is brave in the face of trouble, she kisses guys as if she'll never see them again, and she's usually right."
The movie debuted poorly at the box office. On Rotten Tomatoes, it holds a rating of 21% based on 28 reviews.
Home media
The film was released on VHS on November 13, 1991; it was released on Laserdisc (4:3 ratio) the following year and on DVD on June 4, 2002 (in a 1.85:1 ratio). It was released on Blu-ray in May 2011.
References
External links
1991 films
Films based on American novels
Films set in Chicago
Films shot in Chicago
Films shot in Los Angeles
Hollywood Pictures films
1990s mystery films
1990s action films
1990s crime films
1991 comedy films
American detective films
Films directed by Jeff Kanew
American mystery films
Films scored by Randy Edelman
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
In enzymology, a cholestenol Δ-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
5alpha-cholest-7-en-3beta-ol 5alpha-cholest-8-en-3beta-ol
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 5alpha-cholest-7-en-3beta-ol, and one product, 5alpha-cholest-8-en-3beta-ol.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is Delta7-cholestenol Delta7-Delta8-isomerase. This enzyme participates in biosynthesis of steroids.
See also
Emopamil binding protein
References
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
Parthenius IV (? – after 1685) was 5-time Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople (1657–1659, 1665–1667, 1671, 1675–1676, 1684–1685)
Life
Little is known of his early life. He was born in the first half of the seventeenth century, probably in Adrianople. He is also referred to as Mogilalos or Choumchoumis. He became known when he was elected Metropolitan of Prousa (Bursa in modern Turkey) in January 1655. While metropolitan of Prousa he took care of the restoration and decoration of the Church of St. George, which became the cathedral of the city of Prousa.
He became Patriarch of Constantinople for the first time on May 1, 1657 and remained patriarch until June 1662 when he was deposed and returned to his old see. However, he remained there for only a short time before leaving the Diocese of Prousa and settling at Wallachia. From Wallachia he returned to Constantinople to become patriarch again on October 21, 1665. In September 1667, he was deposed from the patriarchal throne a second time and exiled to Tenedos. A few months later he was recalled and was appointed the Metropolitan of Proilabos, before he settled at Adrianople and becoming the Metropolitan of Tirnovo “eis zoarkeian” (i.e. without pastoral obligations).
In March 1671, Parthenius became patriarch of Constantinople for a third time, after paying 20,000 florins. He was patriarch for about a half year, until October 1671, when he was exiled to Cyprus. Later he was allowed to leave exile, and he returned to Adrianople. Parthenius became patriarch for the fourth time on January 1, 1675 with a term lasting until October 24, 1676. He served a fifth term as patriarch of Constantinople from 1684 to 1685, before he was retired as the “eis zoarkeian” metropolitan of Anchialos.
The date that Parthenius died is unknown, but it probably was late in the seventeenth century, in Adrianople.
Sources
Metropolitans of Bursa
Metropolitans of Brăila
Metropolitans of Anchialos
Metropolitans of Tarnovo
17th-century Ecumenical Patriarchs of Constantinople
Hvožďany is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Hvožďany (Domažlice District), a village in the Plzeň Region
Hvožďany (Příbram District), a village in the Central Bohemian Region
Korson is a surname. notable people with the surname include:
Adam Korson, Canadian actor
George Korson (1899–1967), American folklorist, journalist and historian
See also
Lorson
Morson
Fairfield is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States.
History
The community was likely named as a geographic descriptor. A post office operated under the name Fairfield from 1872 to 1903.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Pool Test Reactor (PTR) was a 10 kWt ordinary (light) water moderated pool-type reactor fueled with highly enriched uranium built at Chalk River in 1957. It used 93% enriched uranium-aluminum plate-type fuel. The reactor, was used for burnup measurement of fissile samples from NRX. The reactor was designed and built by Canadair.
History
On November 29, 1957 the reactor attained first criticality and shortly took over the function of ZEEP for measuring reactivity effects of materials, particularly after irradiation. It was shut down and defueled in 1990.
External links
Atomic Energy of Canada Limited
Atomic Energy of Canada Limited
Nuclear research reactors
The following lists events that happened during 1910 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
Summer 1910
A joint British and Afghan commission appointed to settle tribal disputes arising out of raids and counter-raids on each side of the British-Afghan border commences its work, starting from the Kurram Valley. Its labours are brought to a satisfactory conclusion before the close of the year. The agreement reached provides that outlaws from either side shall be removed to a distance of not less than fifty miles from the border, and orders to give effect to this within British territory are at once issued.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
John Winchcombe (by 1519 – 1574), of Bucklebury and Thatcham, Berkshire, was an English Member of Parliament in March 1553 for Reading, April 1554 and 1555 for Ludgershall and for Wootton Bassett in 1571. He was the son of John Winchcombe (died 1557) and his great great grandson became the first Winchcombe baronet.
References
English MPs 1553 (Edward VI)
English MPs 1554
People from Bucklebury
People from Thatcham
English MPs 1555
English MPs 1571
1519 births
1574 deaths
Rangri may refer to the following Indo-Aryan dialects:
Rangri dialect (Malvi) (rāngaṛī), a dialect of Malvi spoken in Madhya Pradesh, India
Rangri dialect (Haryanvi), another name for Haryanvi when spoken by muhajirs in Pakistan (mainly the provinces of Punjab and Sindh)
Rangari dialect (Marathi) (rangari), a dialect of Marathi spoken in eastern Maharashtra.
References
Indo-Aryan languages
Language naming
Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary (born 1947) is an Indian politician who was the Governor of Meghalaya, a state in northeast India, from 2008 to 2013 (1 July 2008 to 6 July 2013). Previously he was an IPS officer, director-general of National Security Guards (NSG) and the Border Security Force (BSF).
Early life and education
Mooshahary hails from the Bodo community. He was born in the village Odlaguri near Gossiagaon subdivision in Kokrajhar district, now under the Bodoland Territorial Areas Districts, of Assam. He completed his pre-university study in Union Christian College, Umiam and then graduated from St Anthonys College, Shillong with honours in Political Science.
Career
Mooshahary became an IPS officer of the 1967 batch and was allotted the Kerala cadre. He worked on important assignments in Kerala and early on in his career in 1981-82 was commissioner of police of the city of Cochin. Later he held the offices of Inspector General of Police and chief of Crime Branch CID and lastly Director general of the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau.
Apart from Kerala, Mooshahary has occupied several distinguished posts. He was in the Cabinet Secretariat and had served in the state of Assam, including at a later point in his career in this province's police force. He served in the federal Central Reserve Police Force as Deputy Inspector general and Inspector General during the late eighties and early nineties during which period he served in the states of Tamil Nadu, Jammu and Kashmir and Rajasthan. He was appointed Director General of the elite National Security Guards (NSG) in February 2002.
He headed the NSG for nearly three years before being shifted as Director General of the BSF, one of the largest standing paramilitary border guarding forces in the world, in 2005. He was the first IPS officer from northeast India to be appointed the Director-General of the BSF, a position he held till his retirement from active service in February 2006. Mooshahary was awarded the Police Medal for Meritorious Service and the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service. He has also served in the CRPF, besides the state police force of Assam and has done a commendable job in combating terrorism, and contributing to the security of the Republic of India.
In March 2006, Mooshahary was appointed by the Governor of Assam as the first Chief Information Commissioner of the State under the Right to Information Act enacted by the Parliament of India, a legislation aimed at bringing transparency in Government. He was instrumental in operationalising the legislation and setting in motion the legal processes of redressal mandated therein and held this position up to his elevation to Governorship of Meghalaya State by the President of India for a 5-year term in 2008.
See also
Government of Meghalaya
Governors of Meghalaya
References
External links
Bio-data of His Excellency Shri Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary Govt. of Meghalaya website.
1947 births
Living people
People from Kokrajhar district
Bodo people
Indian police officers
Governors of Meghalaya
Vicky Daada is a 1989 Telugu-language crime film produced by D. Sivaprasad Reddy under the Kamakshi Art Movies banner, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. It stars Nagarjuna, Radha, Juhi Chawla and music composed by Raj–Koti. The film was recorded as a Super Hit at the box office. The film was dubbed into Hindi with the same title.
Plot
Vikram is a graduate in law. He and Sravani are both in love with each other. She, one day, leaves town for a while and comes back to see Nagarjuna as a thug named Vicky Dada (his titular role). Nagarjuna turned into a criminal because of the corruption in court. He is after the villains (led by Kannada Prabhakar). How he stops them and helps the poor forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Nagarjuna as Vikram
Radha as Revathi
Juhi Chawla as Sravani
Kannada Prabhakar as Prabhakar
Gollapudi Maruthi Rao as Amurtha Rao
Giri Babu as Lawyer Giridhar Rao
Ranganath as D.I.G. Ranganatha Rao
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Inspector Kota
Sudhakar as Amurtha Rao's son
Prasad Babu as Amurtha Rao's son
Vinod as Jaggu
Vankayala as Vankayala Master
Bhimeswara Rao as Principal
Srividya as Justice Srividya
Vara Lakshmi as Rekha
Kalpana Rai
Soundtrack
Music composed by Raj–Koti. Lyrics were written by Veturi. Music released on AMC Audio Company.
References
External links
1989 films
Films directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy
Indian courtroom films
Films about corruption in India
1980s Telugu-language films
Films scored by Raj–Koti
Indian crime films
1980s crime films
Wilman Modesta (born 24 December 1995) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a midfielder for O&M FC and the Dominican Republic national team.
International career
Modesta made his formal debut for the Dominican Republic on 5 October 2016, starting in a 0–4 loss win against Trinidad and Tobago. He had played a friendly match two months before against Puerto Rico, but it was not recognised by FIFA.
International goals
Scores and results list Dominican Republic's goal tally first
References
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santo Domingo
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
Club Barcelona Atlético players
Dominican Republic international footballers
The 2021–22 First Division League (known as the Yelo League for sponsorship reasons) was the 1st season of the Saudi First Division League after its rebranding, and the 45th season of the Saudi First Division since its establishment in 1976. The season started on 6 September 2021 and concluded on 28 May 2022.
All three teams were promoted on the final day of the season. Al-Khaleej were promoted and crowned champions following a 0–0 away draw with Najran. Al-Adalah were promoted following a 0–0 draw away to Jeddah. Al-Wehda were promoted following a 3–0 away win against Al-Diriyah.
Bisha were the first team to be relegated on 5 May. They were relegated following a 2–1 defeat away to Al-Adalah. Al-Kawkab were relegated a day later following a 2–0 home defeat to Al-Jabalain. Al-Nahda became the third side to be relegated following a 3–0 defeat away to Ohod on 18 May. On 23 May, Al-Diriyah became the fourth side to be relegated despite a 2–1 away win against Bisha. On the final matchday, Al-Jeel became the fifth and final side to be relegated despite a 2–1 away win against Al-Nahda.
Overview
Changes
On 9 October 2020, the Saudi FF announced that the number of teams in the league would be decreased to 18 starting from the 2022–23 season. To prepare for these changes it was announced that 5 teams would be relegated in the 2021–22 season and only 3 teams would be promoted from the 2021–22 Second Division.
Rebrand
On 26 August 2021, the newly appointed executive director of the FDL, Talal Al-Obaidi, announced a rebranding; beginning with the 2021–22 season, the competition would be known as the First Division League (FDL). As part of the rebranding, a new logo was introduced.
Name sponsorship
On 1 September 2021, the FDL announced a sponsorship with car rental company Yelo. As part of the sponsorship deal, the First Division League would be known as the Yelo League for the next 3 seasons.
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2021–22 season.
To the First Division League
Promoted from Second Division
Al-Okhdood
Al-Orobah
Al-Kholood
Bisha
Relegated from Pro League
Al-Qadsiah
Al-Wehda
Al-Ain
From the First Division League
Promoted to Pro League
Al-Hazem
Al-Fayha
Al-Tai
Relegated to Second Division
Al-Bukayriyah
Al-Thoqbah
Arar
Al-Nojoom
Teams
A total of 20 teams are contesting the league, including 13 sides from the 2020–21 season, 4 promoted teams from the Second Division and the three relegated sides from the Pro League.
The first club to be relegated to the First Division League was Al-Ain, who were relegated after only a year in the top flight 2–0 defeat away to Al-Nassr on 14 May 2021. In the final matchday, both Al-Qadsiah and Al-Wehda were relegated following a draw with Abha and a loss against Al-Shabab respectively. Al-Qadsiah were relegated after only a year in the top flight while Al-Wehda were relegated after three years in the top flight.
The first club to be promoted was Al-Orobah who were promoted despite a 1–0 away defeat to Afif on 27 March 2021. On 3 April 2021, both Al-Okhdood and Bisha were promoted. Al-Okhdood were promoted following a 1–1 draw with Al-Taqadom while Bisha were promoted following a 2–0 win over Al-Jandal. The final club to be promoted was Al-Kholood, who were promoted following a 3–1 away win over Al-Dahab in the final matchday.
Al-Okhdood defeated Al-Orobah 4–2 on penalties (3–3 after extra time) to win their second title and first since 1992.
Al-Kholood and Bisha will play in the First Division League for the first time in their history. Al-Orobah return after an absence of two seasons and will play in their 13th overall season in the First Division League. Al-Okhdood return to the First Division League for the first time since the 1992–93 season. They will play in their 2nd season in the First Division League.
Stadia and locations
Note: Table lists in alphabetical order.
Foreign players
On 26 June 2021, the Saudi FF announced that the number of foreign players was increased from 4 players to 5 players.
Players name in bold indicates the player is registered during the mid-season transfer window.
League table
Positions by round
The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches. In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included in the round at which they were originally scheduled but added to the full round they were played immediately afterward.
Results
Statistics
Scoring
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Note
(H) – Home; (A) – Away4 Player scored 4 goals
Clean sheets
Number of teams by region
See also
2021–22 Saudi Professional League
2021–22 Saudi Second Division
2021–22 Saudi Third Division
References
2
Saudi First Division League seasons
Saudi
The 2012 SDA Tennis Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Bercuit, Belgium between 16 and 22 July 2012.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 9, 2012.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Arthur De Greef
Germain Gigounon
Dimitar Grabuloski
Yannik Reuter
The following players received entry as a special exempt into the singles main draw:
Matwé Middelkoop
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Markus Eriksson
Alexandre Folie
Riccardo Maiga
Daniel Smethurst
Champions
Singles
Thiemo de Bakker def. Victor Hănescu, 6–4, 3–6, 7–5
Doubles
André Ghem / Marco Trungelliti def. Facundo Bagnis / Pablo Galdón, 6–1, 6–2
External links
Official Website
SDA Tennis Open
SDA Tennis Open
Grez-Doiceau
2012 in Belgian tennis
Taman Bukit Pasir is a township in Bandar Penggaram, Batu Pahat, Johor, Malaysia. This township is mainly for finance, banking, and commercial activities. Development of the township began in the early 1990s. Taman Bukit Pasir is located along Jalan Bukit Pasir and Jalan Tan Siew Hoe. The township is developing rapidly. There are many shophouses and houses in this township. A shopping area, Wira Court, is also located in this township.
There are many banks in this township:
EON Bank
Standard Chartered Bank
Bank Mualat
Bank Ariffin
Bank Allian
This township is under the jurisdiction of Majlis Perbandaran Batu Pahat (MPBP).
See also
Cities of Malaysia
Batu Pahat
Bandar Penggaram, Batu Pahat
SMK Tinggi Batu Pahat
Taman Flora Utama
Taman Setia Jaya 2
Pura Kencana
Batu Pahat Mall
Segenting(石文丁)
Pantai Minyak Beku
Batu Pahat District
Townships in Johor
Saleh Mohammad may refer to:
Saleh Mohammad (Afghan politician)
Saleh Mohammad (Indian politician) (born 1977)
Saleh Mohammad (swimmer) (born 1986), Syrian swimmer
Saleh Mohammad (snooker player) (born 1973), snooker player from Afghanistan
Saleh Mohammed (weightlifter) (born 1965), Iraqi competitor in weightlifting at the 1986 Asian Games
A bit by Bats were an Australian three-piece rock band originally from Adelaide with Owen Eszeki on vocals, electric guitar and theremin; Peter Gravestock on vocals, bass guitar, and electric guitar; and Ben Macklin on drums. The group had formed in July 2003 as The Hurts. Their early influences were the Cure, Joy Division, and Television.
A bit by Bats have toured with the Australian bands including Cut Copy, Youth Group, the Grates, and supported international acts including Bloc Party, Pretty Girls Make Graves, Les Savy Fav, Von Bondies, Peaches, and Wire.
In January 2004, they relocated to Melbourne, where Darren Levin of The Sydney Morning Herald observed, "[they] have tapped into [that city's] fledgling post punk scene, playing shows with like-minded no wavers Snap! Crakk! and Love of Diagrams." Their debut self-titled six-track extended play was released on the Architecture label and reached No. 13 on the Australian Independent Record charts in February 2004. In July - August 2004, the band undertook its first tour of the eastern states, with Youth Group and I [Love] Space, during which they released a limited edition tour EP, Sir! Beat Sir!, although only 100 copies of the release were pressed. In October that year, they recorded their second EP, Let's Go Romeo, at Birdland Studios with Dean Turner, although the EP wasn't released until March 2005. This was followed by a tour with The Grates and their own headline tour, supported by the Pharaohs.
For the Big Day Out tour of 2006 they appeared at the Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney venues.
Their debut album, Go Go Go!, was recorded at Birdland Studios with production by Dean Turner of Magic Dirt, Rob Long and Lindsay Gravina of Birdland, and was released in April 2007. The Sydney Morning Heralds George Palathingal described it, "a life-affirming collection of spiky, urgent, danceable new wave." Sabine Brix of Mediasearch attended an album launch in East Brunswick in April, and observed, "[they] didn't disappoint with their show either. Frontman Owen was in fine form belting out tracks, both old and new. It's great to see a band which has been around for a few years still performing with so much fervour and passion."
In March 2007, the band toured internationally with a showcase performance at the Canadian Music Week and in the UK, as well as at the Essential Festival. In October, the band recorded a cover version of "Orinoco Flow" for Triple J's Like a Version, the recording was included on the compilation album, Like a Version Four, which was released in November 2008 and reached No. 34 on the ARIA charts. In December of that year, a bit by Bats announced they would disband, although all members remained on good terms. Eszeki went on to perform with Sailor & Swine, and then the Kits. Macklin has performed with Brillig.
Members
Owen Eszeki – vocals, electric guitar, theremin
Peter Gravestock – vocals, bass guitar, electric guitar
Ben Macklin – drums
Discography
Albums
Go Go Go! (31 March 2007) Shiny Records (BATSGOFOR1)
Extended plays
A bit by Bats (19 January 2004) Architecture Label (ARC018)
Sir! Beat Sir (July 2004) (limited release - 100 copies)
Let's Go Romeo (18 March 2005) Guano Music/Inertia Records (GUA001)
References
External links
archived from the original on 29 August 2006. Retrieved 27 February 2018.
Australian indie rock groups
Musical groups from Adelaide
Musical groups from Melbourne
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups disestablished in 2007
Australian musical trios
SS Ira H. Owen was a steel-hulled American lake freighter in service between 1887 and 1905. One of the first steel lake freighters, she was built in 1887 in Cleveland, Ohio, by the Globe Iron Works Company, and was built for the Owen Line of Chicago, Illinois. Early in her career, Ira H. Owen carried iron ore from Escanaba, Michigan. In April 1898, Ira H. Owen was chartered by the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad. She was sold to the National Steamship Company of Chicago, on December 30, 1899, for whom she frequently carried coal and grain. Throughout her career, Ira H. Owen was involved in multiple accidents and incidents.
On the morning of November 28, 1905, Ira H. Owen left Duluth, Minnesota, with a "light load" of 116,000 bushels of barley bound for Buffalo, New York. As she passed the Apostle Islands, the weather conditions were deteriorating, but her captain opted not to seek shelter. As Ira H. Owen was passing Outer Island, she was hit by the full force of what would become the Mataafa Storm. She was spotted by Captain Alva Keller of the freighter Harold B. Nye, and appeared to be in trouble; Harold B. Nye, however, was unable to assist Ira H. Owen. The snow eventually blocked Ira H. Owen from Captain Keller's view. After the storm had passed, he looked for Ira H. Owen with his binoculars, but was unable to locate her.
On December 1, the freighter Sir William Siemens located wreckage from Ira H. Owen, east of Michigan Island. None of Ira H. Owens 19 crewmen survived, and her wreck has not been located.
History
Background
Although Merchant was the first iron-hulled merchant ship built entirely within the Great Lakes, the gunship USS Michigan, built in 1843, in Erie, Pennsylvania, was the first iron-hulled vessel built on the lakes. Beginning in the mid-1840s, Canadian companies began importing iron vessels, prefabricated by shipyards in the United Kingdom. However, it would not be until 1862 that the first iron-hulled merchant ship was built on the Great Lakes. Despite the success of Merchant, wooden vessels remained preferable to iron ones until the 1880s, due to their inexpensiveness and the abundance of timber. In the early 1880s, shipyards around the lakes began construction of iron ships on a relatively large scale; in 1882, Onoko, an iron freighter, temporarily became the largest ship on the lakes. In 1884, the first steel freighters were built on the Great Lakes, and by the 1890s, the majority of ships constructed on the lakes were made of steel.
Design and construction
Ira H. Owen (US official number 100410) was built in 1887 in Cleveland, Ohio, by the Globe Iron Works Company. She was one of the first steel lake freighters built on the Great Lakes, as well as the fourth steel ship built by the Globe Iron Works Company.
Ira H. Owens hull had an overall length and a length between perpendiculars of . Her beam was wide, while her hull was deep. Ira H. Owen had a gross tonnage of 1,753.22 (one source states just 1,753 tons), and a net tonnage of 1,497.77 (one source states 1,498) tons.
She was powered by a single double-cylinder 85 rpm fore and aft compound steam engine; the cylinders of the engine were and , and had a stroke of . Steam for the engine was provided by two by Scotch marine boilers. Ira H. Owens engine and boilers were both built by the Globe Iron Works Company. She was propelled by a single fixed-pitch propeller.
Originally, Ira H. Owen had three masts. She also had two decks, two funnels and a cargo capacity of .
Service history
Launched on July 7, 1887, Ira H. Owen was yard number 14; she was enrolled in Cleveland on July 28, and received her permanent enrollment in Chicago, Illinois, on August 7. She was built for the Owen Line of Chicago, which was also her home port; she entered service in 1887. Early in her career, Ira H. Owen carried iron ore from Escanaba, Michigan. Throughout her career, Ira H. Owen was involved in multiple accidents and incidents.
The first accident Ira H. Owen was involved in occurred in April 1889, when she ran aground in the St. Clair River. On November 27 or 29, 1891, Ira H. Owen ran aground close to the Soo Locks. While bound for Chicago on June 16, 1892, Ira H. Owen collided with the two-masted schooner Belle Brown, about off Ludington, Michigan. Ira H. Owens cabin was badly damaged, while Belle Brown lost her bowsprit, jibboom and various other gear. After towing Belle Brown to Ludington, Ira H. Owen headed for Chicago.
On the night of July 2, 1893, while heavily laden with iron ore, Ira H. Owen struck a rock off Cedar Point, near Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. The rock punched a hole in her hull, after which she was beached to prevent her from sinking.
Early in the morning of July 20, 1897, while travelling on Lake Huron, Ira H. Owen collided with the package freighter Susquehanna in thick fog off Presque Isle, Michigan. Both vessels were severely damaged; Ira H. Owen headed for Alpena, Michigan, for repairs, while Susquehanna proceeded to Middle Island, and eventually sailed to Chicago. Ira H. Owen sustained $10,000 (equivalent to $ in ) worth of damage, while Susquehanna sustained $9,000 (equivalent to $ in ). Initially, Ira H. Owens first mate Sidney O. Neff was blamed for the collision and had his licence suspended for 90 days. It was eventually proven that the collision was due to a "misjudgement as to the relative position of the two steamers", and not due to negligence on the part of Neff.
In April 1898, Ira H. Owen was chartered to the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad. On December 30, 1899, Ira H. Owen was sold to the National Steamship Company of Chicago, and had one of her masts removed. While owned by the National Steamship Company, Ira H. Owen frequently carried coal and grain.
After leaving Manitowoc, Wisconsin, on December 5, 1903, with a cargo of grain bound for Buffalo, New York, a fire broke out in Ira H. Owens boiler room. After trying and failing to extinguish the fire, her crew decided to beach her. However, this also failed. The crew initially decided to leave Ira H. Owen. As they were getting into the lifeboats, the car ferry Ann Arbor No.1 appeared at the scene, after hearing Ira H. Owens distress calls. Ann Arbor No.1s crew decided to tow Ira H. Owen to Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin. The two vessels were tied together, and the fire was fought while heading for the Sturgeon Bay Ship Canal. The two vessels were joined by the steamer George Burnham and the lighthouse tender Hyacinth. Overnight, the fire on board Ira H. Owen was extinguished. The fire burned a hole into her side, causing her to sink into of water. The aft cabins of Ira H. Owen were destroyed; the loss of Ira H. Owen and her cargo amounted to about $100,000. She was repaired, and was put back into service.
On October 13, 1904, while upbound with a cargo of coal, Ira H. Owen collided with the, downbound, ore-laden freighter Henry W. Oliver in the St. Marys River, off DeTour Village, Michigan, due to a confusion of the passing signals. The damage sustained by Ira H. Owen was so severe that she had to be beached, in order to prevent her from sinking in deep water. The captain of Ira H. Owen, George C. Graham had his licence revoked for four months, due to negligence on his part.
Final voyage
On the morning of November 28, 1905, Ira H. Owen left Duluth, Minnesota, with a "light load" of 116,000 bushels of barley bound for Buffalo. She was under command of Captain Thomas Honner. Previously a first mate, he had been made captain of Ira H. Owen prior to her final trip, as her previous captain, Joseph Hulligan (who was still on board), had taken ill. As she passed the Apostle Islands, the weather conditions were deteriorating, but her captain opted not to seek shelter. As Ira H. Owen was passing Outer Island, she was hit by the full force by the winds of what would become the Mataafa Storm. She was spotted by Captain Alva Keller of the freighter Harold B. Nye off Outer Island, and appeared to be in trouble, continually blowing distress signals. Harold B. Nye, however, was unable to assist Ira H. Owen. The snow eventually blocked Ira H. Owen from Captain Keller's view. After two hours, the storm had passed; Captain Keller looked for Ira H. Owen with his binoculars, but was unable to locate her.
On December 1, at 10:00 a.m., the captain of the freighter Sir William Siemens, M.K. Chamberlain reported locating wreckage from Ira H. Owen, consisting of chairs, the top of a cabin, stairs, stanchions and multiple life jackets with S.S. Ira H. Owen stenciled on them, east of Michigan Island. None of Ira H. Owens 19 crewmen survived, making her the only victim of the Mataafa Storm to be lost with all hands; none of their bodies were recovered. Ira H. Owen and her cargo were insured for $100,000 (equivalent to $ in ).
Although her wreck has not been located, according to the Wisconsin Historical Society the wreck of Ira H. Owen most likely lies in deep water off Outer Island in the Apostles.
References
Sources
Shipwrecks of Lake Superior
1887 ships
1905 in the United States
Great Lakes freighters
Ships built in Cleveland
Apostle Islands
Ships lost with all hands
Missing ships
Maritime incidents in 1905
Shipwrecks of the Wisconsin coast
Ships built by the Globe Iron Works Company
Ships sunk in storms
In enzymology, a cycloartenol synthase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(S)-2,3-epoxysqualene cycloartenol
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, (S)-2,3-epoxysqualene, and one product, cycloartenol.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is (S)-2,3-epoxysqualene mutase (cyclizing, cycloartenol-forming). Other names in common use include 2,3-epoxysqualene cycloartenol-cyclase, squalene-2,3-epoxide-cycloartenol cyclase, 2,3-epoxysqualene cycloartenol-cyclase, 2,3-epoxysqualene-cycloartenol cyclase, and 2,3-oxidosqualene-cycloartenol cyclase. This enzyme participates in biosynthesis of steroids.
References
EC 5.4.99
Enzymes of unknown structure
Jayanto Chattopadhyay (born 28 July 1946) is a Bangladeshi actor and reciter. He studied in English literature from Calcutta University. He portrayed the famous character Misir Ali in a television drama named Trishna.
Works
Films
Adam Surat (1989)
Kittonkhola (2000)
Matir Moina (2002) (The Clay Bird)
Joyjatra (2004)
Ontarjatra (2006)
Nirontor (2006)
Banshi (2007)
Noy Number Bipod Sanket (2007)
The Last Thakur (2008)
Runway (2010)
Opekkha (2010)
Ghetuputra Komola (2012)
Pita - The Father (2012)
Shikhandi Kotha (2013)
Sutopar Thikana (2015)
Matir Projar Deshe (2018)
Padmar Prem (2019)
Kagojer Phul (TBA)
Guest Appearances
Amar Ache Jol (2008)
Krishnopokkho (2016)
Drama serials
Bishaash (2010)
Kala Koitor (2012)
Dramas
Trishna
Lilaboti
Khela
Web Series
See also
Cinema of Bangladesh
Bangladeshi film actor
References
External links
1946 births
Bengali Hindus
Bangladeshi Hindus
Male actors in Bengali cinema
Bangladeshi television personalities
Living people
21st-century Bangladeshi male actors
Bengali male television actors
University of Calcutta alumni
People from Satkhira District
Always Pack Your Uniform on Top is a live album by bassist Steve Swallow recorded at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in December 1999 and released on the Xtra Watt label in 2000.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars and the review by David R. Adler states: "This is Swallow's third standards-derived quintet album, following in the footsteps of 1994's Real Book and 1996's Deconstructed... Although there's a brand-new batch of tunes, Swallow applies the same approach, using familiar progressions as the basis for clever original music". In JazzTimes Bill Bennett wrote: "His gifts as a composer is equally evident in this set... Throughout, the ensemble work is outstanding, with Goodrick and Nussbaum in constant touch". On All About Jazz Glen Astarita noted: "Always Pack Your Uniform On Top is a class act - as the band most assuredly brought down the house at this time-honored jazz venue".
Track listing
All compositions by Steve Swallow.
"Bend over Backward" - 11:29
"Dog With a Bone" - 6:12
"Misery Loves Company" - 7:48
"Reinventing the Wheel" - 7:48
"Feet First" - 7:26
"La Nostalgie de la Boue" - 6:49
Personnel
Steve Swallow - bass guitar
Barry Ries - trumpet
Chris Potter - tenor saxophone
Mick Goodrick - guitar
Adam Nussbaum - drums
References
Steve Swallow live albums
2000 live albums
Love Without Pity (French title: Un monde sans pitié) is a 1989 French romantic comedy film written and directed by Éric Rochant.
Cast
Hippolyte Girardot as Hippo
Mireille Perrier as Nathalie
Yvan Attal as Halpern
Jean-Marie Rollin as Xavier
Cécile Mazan as Francine
Aline Still as La mère
Paul Pavel as Le père
Anne Kessler as Adeline
Patrick Blondel as J.F.
Paul Bisciglia as L'homme de L'Humanité
Accolades
References
External links
1989 films
1989 romantic comedy films
1980s French-language films
French romantic comedy films
Films directed by Éric Rochant
Best First Feature Film César Award winners
French coming-of-age comedy films
Louis Delluc Prize winners
1989 directorial debut films
1980s coming-of-age comedy films
1980s French films
The Aston Martin Vantage GTE (also known as the Aston Martin Vantage AMR) is an endurance Grand Tourer developed by Aston Martin Racing, the motorsports arm of the British automobile manufacturer, Aston Martin. It is based on the Aston Martin Vantage (2018), and is the successor of the Aston Martin Vantage GT2, and its later derivatives. The car was launched on the 22nd of November 2017, alongside its road-going counterpart in London. The car is noted to be capable of being converted from Group GTE specification to Group GT3 specification.
Development History
The Aston Martin Vantage GTE was developed in tandem with the Vantage road car, between Aston Martin Racing and the Aston Martin headquarters in Gaydon, with the car being entirely developed in house by the two companies. The car had its initial shakedown in the UK, at the Rockingham Motor Speedway, and subsequently had 2 30 hour endurance tests during its development, at the Circuito de Andalucia and then the Circuito de Navarra in Spain during October 2017. This was also complemented by tests at the Sebring International Raceway in Florida, with the team praising the durability and reliability of the car. Ahead of its official World Endurance Championship debut, at the WEC Prologue held at the Circuit Paul Ricard , the car was revealed to have completed over 20,000 km in pre-season test, with testing being held at the Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi, Motorland Aragon, and the Algarve International Circuit.
At the 2019 24 Hours of Le Mans Test Day, the team debuted a new low-downforce kit, designed to reduce the overall drag on the car, due to the previous aerokit being a revised WEC Sprint kit, with Le Mans specific revisions. The kit was tested at Monza, and was found to be highly effective compared to the kit used at the 2018 edition of the race.
Competition History
2018-19 FIA World Endurance Championship
The new cars were struggling with tyre degradation, unable to keep the performance in their tyres through a double stint. The cars were putting too much energy and wear in the front tyres. This was caused by the late decision to switch to Michelin.
GT Manufacturers FIA World Endurance Championship
2019-20 FIA World Endurance Championship
GT Manufacturers FIA World Endurance Championship
Endurance Trophy for LMGTE Am Teams
References List
Vantage GTE
LM GTE cars
Sports racing cars
Argyrotaenia quercifoliana, the yellow-winged oak leafroller moth, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in eastern North America.
The wingspan is 16–24 mm. Adults have pale yellowish-cream forewings with golden-brown speckling and brown, oblique lines. There is a hollow circle pattern in the subterminal area. The hindwings are white with yellow shading in the lower half. Adults are on wing from May to July.
The larvae feed on Hamamelis, Quercus (oak), and possibly Rhamnus (buckthorn) species.
References
External links
Moth photographers group: Argyrotaenia quercifoliana
Q
Moths of North America
Fauna of the Eastern United States
Moths described in 1858
Taxa named by Asa Fitch
Georg Klaus (28 December 1912, Nuremberg – 29 July 1974, Berlin) was a German philosopher, cybernetician, chess master, and functionary.
In 1928, he started his chess career in Nuremberg, playing at Arbeiterschachklub Nürnberg, then Nürnberger Schachklub Noris. In 1933, he won in the Franconian championships. In that time, he began to study mathematics at the University of Erlangen in 1932, and became a member of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). In 1933, he was arrested by Nazis, and spent two years in a Nuremberg prison and three years in the Dachau concentration camp, until 1939.
After his releasing, he worked in a factory (Faber-Castell bzw. Schwan-Bleistift), and again played chess in Nuremberg (Schachklub Noris). During World War II, he took 2nd, behind Friedrich Nürnberg, in Regensburg in March/April 1942 (the South German championship), shared 2nd with Hans Müller, behind Ludwig Rellstab, in Bad Oeynhausen in June/July 1942 (the 9th German Chess Championship), and took 4th in Bad Krynica in November/December 1943 (the 4th General Government chess tournament, Josef Lokvenc won).
In October 1942, he was drafted into the Wehrmacht, and sent to the Eastern Front in March 1943. He fought in the Kharkov region and in the Battle of Kursk in July 1943. He was injured in combat, and awarded the Iron Cross, 2nd Class. Then, he spent several weeks in a field hospital in Bad Blankenburg, Thuringia.
In March 1945 he was in the Western Front, and after Western Allied invasion of Germany, he had been taken into Allied captivity. From April to September 1945, he was kept in an American army camp (Lager 2227) in Ostend, Belgium.
After his release on September 2, 1945, he returned to Nuremberg, and next to Bad Blankenburg, then the Soviet occupation zone. In February 1946, he became a political functionary of KPD and the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) in Sonneberg, Thüringen. He received a doctorate of pedagogy (1948), and a habilitation in philosophy (1950) from the University of Jena, Thuringia. In 1953, he played in a friendly match GDR vs. Bulgaria in Sofia, and was the Präsident der Sektion Schach der DDR in 1953/54.
From 1953, he worked at the Humboldt University of Berlin, and from 1959 in the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic. Klaus published in 1963 a collection of papers on
"Cybernetics in Science, Technology, and Economics in the GDR." After fighting a running battle with bureaucracy in the journals from 1963 on, Klaus was asked to prepare a "Cybernetic Dictionary" as his contribution to the Seventh Congress of the SED in 1967.
References
1912 births
1974 deaths
German chess players
Sportspeople from Nuremberg
German male writers
University of Jena alumni
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Members of the German Academy of Sciences at Berlin
20th-century chess players
20th-century German philosophers
German Army personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1939), 2nd class
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
Tiger Haven is a non-profit 501(c)3 sanctuary for big cats in Roane County, Tennessee. The sanctuary has been in operation since September 1991.
As of December 2020, Tiger Haven reports having over 250 animals in sanctuary, all but 10 of which are tigers, lions, leopards, and cougars. The remaining 10 includes servals, caracals, and bobcats. The sanctuary houses rescued animals deemed to be abused, abandoned or neglected. The facility occupies a property. Tiger Haven has never been a roadside zoo by being open to the public and does not exploit the animals by public exhibition and never has. Tiger Haven does no commercial activity with any animal. Tiger Haven is a true sanctuary, with no buying, selling, breeding, loaning of any animal.
The facility is operated by Tiger Haven, Inc. The facility is a non profit IRS 501(c)3 non-profit. In 1991 it was granted a Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency permit allowing it to keep tigers and other big cats on the premises.
The animals receive regular veterinary care from the University of Tennessee College of Veterinary Medicine (UTCVM), including on-site visits to sanctuary premises. In 2011, the UTCVM class of 2014 voted to donate proceeds from the first UT College of Veterinary Medicine Charity Golf Classic to benefit Tiger Haven.
Controversy
Neighbors of the facility expressed concern that animals might escape and could be heard. However, the lawsuit was dismissed in March 2013.
References
External links
Tiger Haven - Official website
Cat sanctuaries
Environmental organizations based in Tennessee
Buildings and structures in Roane County, Tennessee
Erbiceni is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bârlești, Erbiceni, Spinoasa, Sprânceana and Totoești.
Natives
Constantin Erbiceanu
Marius Simionescu
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Naima El Bezaz (3 March 1974 – 7 August 2020) was a Moroccan-Dutch writer, who also gave lectures and wrote stories, essays and columns.
Biography
El Bezaz was born in Meknes, Morocco, and immigrated to the Netherlands with her family when she was four years old. After finishing high school she went to college, but quit to start a career in writing.
At a lecture, she met author Yvonne Kroonenberg, who got her into contact with the publisher Uitgeverij Contact, resulting in her first book, De weg naar het noorden. This title was published in 1995 and she received the "Jenny Smelik-IBBY-prijs", an award for authors of children's or youth literature focusing on minority children in the Netherlands. The novel became very popular among Dutch youth. In 2002 her second book was published, Minnares van de duivel, a collection of short stories which became a bestseller. On the television show Kopspijkers she read a sexually explicit passage of her book, angering Muslims and Christians. In September 2006, her third and most controversial book appeared, De verstotene, which contains explicit content and criticism of religious dogmatism. Uitgeverij Contact called it "The Moroccan-Dutch Turks Fruit", referring to the famous taboo-breaking Jan Wolkers novel.
El Bezaz struggled with depression for many years. She took her own life on 7 August 2020.
Works
De weg naar het noorden (1995)
Minnares van de duivel (1999)
De verstotene (2006)
Het gelukssyndroom (2008)
Vinexvrouwen (2010)
Méér Vinexvrouwen (2012)
In dienst van de duivel (2013)
References
1974 births
2020 deaths
2020 suicides
Dutch former Muslims
Dutch women writers
Former Muslim critics of Islam
Moroccan emigrants to the Netherlands
Moroccan writers
Dutch critics of Islam
People from Meknes
Suicides in the Netherlands
The Bekhme Dam () is an unfinished multi-purpose rock-fill dam on the Great Zab northeast of Erbil, in the Erbil Governorate of Kurdistan Region, Iraq.
The main purposes of the dam would be to produce 1,500 MW of hydro-electricity and to manage flooding. If completed, the high Bekhme Dam will be the largest in Iraq. Construction on the dam began in 1979 and was halted during the Iran–Iraq War. Construction started again in 1988 and halted in 1990, prior to the Gulf War. In post-2003 Iraq, the Kurdistan Regional Government began efforts to rebuild the Bekhme Dam.
Initial construction
The Bekhme Dam was planned in the 1950s with a preliminary study done by Harza Engineering Co., and in 1979 and through the early 1980s the project was redesigned by EPDC of Japan. Construction was assigned to a consortium of Turkish-Yugoslavian firms (ENKA Hidrogradnja and Energoprojekt). Construction on the project started in 1987 with access roads, residential camps, construction facilities and the development of quarries and borrow areas. Tunneling and bulk excavation works started in 1988. The works were halted in late 1990 after the UN sanctions due to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, and with the onset of the Gulf War, as well as consequential poor security environment. By June 1990, the first stage of the construction was complete, the diversion of the Great Zab, facilitated by an incomplete high clay core rockfill cofferdam, which was to become part of the upstream shoulder of the main dam, and through two large diversion tunnels.
The dam project involves a large underground power house and transformers chamber, largely completed into the left abutment. The power intake and spillway intake are also located on the left abutment, with associated tunnels through the limestone. Those tunnels emerge through one structure on the left abutment, downstream of the dam, augmented by a plunge pool structure. A system of drainage tunnels was excavated into the left and right abutments at the foot of the main dam. The Bekhme Dam is designed with a central clay core, two upstream and downstream filter zones, and rockfill shoulders (limestone). The upstream and downstream faces of the dam are designed with gradients of 1 vertical to 2.5 horizontal. The dam project was expected to be completed in 1992, resulting in a reservoir with a capacity of and a surface area of . There is a potential for a pumped-storage scheme (several gigawatts) to be constructed on the left abutment; that still requires further optimisation and investigation.
After the Gulf War, US$175 million worth of equipment were reported to have been stolen by Kurds in the area.
Current project
As early as July 2007, the Kurdistan Regional Government has expressed interest in finishing the Bekhme Dam in order to produce hydro-electricity and store needed water. However, with a drought in Iraq, in 2008 the Government of Iraq expressed concern with the Kurdistan Regional Government over dam construction that may lead to water shortages in southern Iraq. In addition, around 20,000 people would be relocated along with the probable flooding of the stone age Shanidar Cave and the 11th century BC village Zawi Chemi Shanidar. Despite this, the need for water storage in Iraq is important and in August 2008, US$33 million was spent on preparatory works for continued construction. The Bekhme Dam's final cost is estimated as US$2.6 billion.
References
External links
Dams in Iraq
Dams on the Great Zab River
Hydroelectric power stations in Iraq
Rock-filled dams
Erbil Governorate
Geography of Iraqi Kurdistan
Proposed hydroelectric power stations
Proposed renewable energy power stations in Iraq
The Stalker was a hand-launched, electrically powered unmanned aerial vehicle developed by Lockheed Martin Skunk Works for an unspecified customer, presumably United States Special Operations Command. It was used for military applications, such as providing intelligence, surveillance, and target acquisition.
Design and development
The Lockheed Martin Stalker was created in 2006 by the same Skunk Works team responsible for the Desert Hawk. It was hand launched and belly landed, had a quiet electric motor and propeller, and carried a detachable camera payload. The camera system had modules for daylight, low light, and infrared. The camera system could be removed and replaced with droppable payloads.
The Stalker used a self-sustaining propane-fueled tubular solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) system developed by the U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL).{> The 245 W system was designed to cope with environmental and operational stress, particularly with wide ranges of temperatures, weather, altitudes, vibrations, and sudden impacts.
Research on SOFCs began at General Electric and Westinghouse in the early 1960s. The later research on fuel cell technology within the United States Government was focused through the Department of Energy and the Defense Advances Research Projects Agency.
ARL focused specifically on SOFCs because they can run on hydrocarbons, such as propane and butane, rather than the pure hydrogen other types of fuel cells require. One constraint on the design was the ability of the system to survive multiple thermal cycles. To meet this constraint, a tubular design was preferred rather than a planar one.
A propane fuel cell powered version of the Stalker with 8 hours endurance (quadruple the 2 hours available on battery power) was developed. The fuel cell powered Stalker was in over 80 missions in Afghanistan. The Army was hoping to create a fuel cell that runs on JP8 fuel rather than propane, as it was more common in the logistics inventory.
In July 2012, a Stalker demonstrated, in a wind tunnel test, a capability of in excess of 48 hours continuous flight while being powered by a ground-based laser system. Following the wind tunnel test, Lockheed and LaserMotive Inc. performed a series of outdoor tests with the laser powering system the next month. The flight tests went successfully, and accomplishments included:
Demonstrating net positive power to the Stalker in flight, at ranges up to 600 meters.
Proving that the laser did not damage the Stalker and that the addition of the laser receiver did not impact its normal flight operations or aerodynamics.
Operating multiple test flights in a range of desert conditions (day and night, high temperatures, and strong winds), demonstrating the ruggedness of the Stalker-mounted laser receiver power system.
The beam director tracking the receiver for long periods, with centimeter accuracy at 500 meters, despite turbulence and aircraft maneuvers.
Meeting all operational and safety requirements, including coordination with the Laser Clearinghouse and flight operations.
In August 2013, Lockheed revealed an improvement of the Stalker XE with an endurance of 13 hours. The previous version used a 2.2 liter liquid propane tank, while the new version used a 3.2 liter tank. Both versions used the same fuel cell. Stalker UAVs were used by Army and Marine Special Forces in Afghanistan to detect improvised explosive devices. Users haven't requested changes to the airframe, but have requested endurance changes, with aircraft being put in the air two to three times a day, every day. Several potential foreign sales were under negotiation, with customers and numbers of systems being undisclosed. Lockheed also revealed that they planned to continue testing the laser-charged Stalker. The laser apparatus, built by LaserMotive, was about the size of a horse trailer, and they were working to reduce its size to something that could be used for tactical operations. Ideal size was about the same as "two travel suitcases put together."
In 2018, the Rapid Reaction Technology Office, under the Office of the Secretary of Defense, funded the development at ARL of a 350 W SOFC system to replace the 245 W system in order to increase the power, mission duration, and reliability for future unmanned aerial systems (UASs). These developments were expected to provide new capabilities for small UASs and also soldier-portable power applications. They could also be applied to unmanned ground vehicle systems. A higher powered fuel cell stack was expected to benefit missions in adverse conditions including high wind or high altitude, while also simplifying take-offs and accommodating larger payloads.
The 350 W prototypes, manufactured by the Adaptive Energy LLC headquartered in Ann Arbor, MI.
, were designed to provide 40% more power while packaged in the same physical power system (size, weight, shape) as the 245 W system. Researchers at ARL evaluated two 350 W systems; one for its thermal cycling capability, and the other for long term operation performance. It was shown that the first system displayed 55 thermal cycles without experiencing performance decay and the second system demonstrated continuous operation for 2,000 hours. Limitations of these systems included fractures of the electrolyte, made of thin ceramic material, and carbon deposition within the fuel cell. Further development of the technology resulted in a commercial product.
Specifications (Stalker)
References
Unmanned aerial vehicles of the United States
Liberia; or, Mr. Peyton's Experiments is an 1853 novel by Sarah Josepha Hale, the author of the nursery rhyme "Mary Had a Little Lamb", who wrote the novel under the name of Sara J. Hale.
Background
Liberia falls under the category of plantation literature, a literary genre that emerged in the Southern United States in response to Uncle Tom's Cabin, which was criticised as inaccurately depicting slaveholding in the south.
However, whilst the majority of such works attempted to defend slavery as an institution, Liberia argues that freed slaves cannot live prosperous lives anywhere but their native homes in Africa.
Plot
The story follows Mr. Peyton, the eponymous slaveowner who wishes to free all the slaves on his plantation. However, before he can do so, Peyton wishes to make certain that the slaves in his charge will be happy in their new-found freedom, and so decides to conduct three separate "experiments" to test this.
In turn, Peyton sends his slaves to a farm in the Southern United States, an industrial town in the Northern United States, and finally to Canada. In all three cases, the slaves end up being even worse off than they had been under slavery, having been bullied by white supremacists who occupy all three places and dislike the presence of coloured people.
However, a despairing Peyton is approached by members of the American Colonization Society, who convince Peyton to send his slaves to their native home in Liberia, where they can be happy and free. Peyton and the slaves agree, and the freed slaves in Peyton's charge are sent back to Africa, where they can finally prosper and be free from discrimination.
Publication history
Liberia was first published in novelised form by Harper & Brothers of New York City in 1853.
Relations to other works
Liberia shares some parallels to the 1852 anti-Tom novel Frank Freeman's Barber Shop by Baynard Rush Hall, which also featured a slave being sent to Liberia by the American Colonization Society after leading a miserable life in the Northern United States.
References
External links
Liberia at the University of Virginia
1853 American novels
Anti-Tom novels
American colonization movement
Christina Dragan (born 19 April 2007) is a Romanian-American rhythmic gymnast.
Personal life
She took the sport following her sister Annaliese's footsteps, in 2019 the sisters were invited by the Romanian federation to compete for them, thanks to their parents' nationality. They represented Romania together at the 2020 European Championship.
Career
Junior
Her debut for Romania was the 2020 Irina Deleanu's cup where the two sisters were 4th in the team competition, Christina ended 4th with rope, 11th with ball, 6th with clubs and 4th with ribbon. In October she beat her sister to become the national champion in the junior category, and won silver at the Romanian Cup a few weeks later. Her major international competition was the 2020 European Championship in Kyiv, Ukraine. She ended up 10th in the All-Around just behind her sister and was the first reserve for the ball final.
In 2021 she maintained her national title and won some medals in international tournaments.
In 2022 she joined her sister at the European Championship once again, even though Annaliese competed in the senior category. Dragan performed with hoop and ball qualifying for both event finals and getting the second highest hoop score (30.95), at the end of the first day Christina and her teammate Amalia Lica won silver, only the second medals for Romania in a junior European Championship, in the team event behind Israel and above Bulgaria. The next day Dragan also won bronze in the ball final.
Routine music information
"9. European Junior Championships in Bucharest, Romeania (20.-23. May 1993)"
References
Living people
2007 births
Romanian rhythmic gymnasts
was third and final vessel in the Nokaze sub-class, an improvement to the 1st class destroyers, built for the Imperial Japanese Navy immediately following World War I. Advanced for their time, these ships served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s, but were considered obsolescent by the start of the Pacific War.
History
Construction of the large-sized Minekaze-class destroyers was authorized as part of the Imperial Japanese Navy's 8-4 Fleet Program from fiscal 1917 with nine vessels, and fiscal 1918 with an additional six vessels. However, the final three vessels in the fiscal 1918 were built to a different design and have a different enough silhouette that many authors consider them to be a separate class. Numakaze, built at the Maizuru Naval Arsenal, was the third ship of this sub-class. The destroyer was laid down on 10 August 1921, launched on 25 February 1922 and commissioned on 27 July 1922.
On completion, Numakaze was teamed with , and flagship to form Destroyer Division 1 (第一駆逐艦). In 1938-1939, the Division was assigned to patrols of the northern and central China coastlines in support of Japanese combat operations in the Second Sino-Japanese War
World War II history
At the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Numakaze was based at the Ōminato Guard District in northern Japan, and was assigned to patrols of the Hokkaidō and Chishima Islands coastlines.
During the Battle of Midway in May 1942, Numakaze was assigned to the reserve force for the Aleutian Islands Operation, which did not leave Japanese waters. Afterwards, she returned to patrol and escort duties based out of Ōminato through July 1943, when the ship was assigned temporarily to the IJN 5th Fleet for the mission to evacuate surviving Japanese forces from Kiska. On 6 June 1943, Numakaze suffered damage in a collision with the destroyer . Numakaze continued to be based at Ōminato for patrol and escort in northern waters until December 1943.
In December 1943, Numakaze was reassigned to the Combined Fleet, departing from Moji on 5 December as part of the 1st Surface Escort Division escorting a convoy to Taiwan. However, on 18 December 1943, Numakaze, while chasing the wake of the submarine , was hit by a torpedo, blew up and sank east-northeast of Naha, Okinawa at position . The destroyer was lost with all hands, including the commanding officer of DesDiv 1, Commander Watanabe Yasumasa.
On 5 February 1944 Numakaze was removed from navy list.
Notes
References
External links
Minekaze-class destroyers
Ships built by Maizuru Naval Arsenal
1922 ships
World War II destroyers of Japan
Ships sunk by American submarines
Second Sino-Japanese War naval ships of Japan
World War II shipwrecks in the Philippine Sea
Maritime incidents in December 1943
Ships lost with all hands
Naval magazine explosions
The Sahibganj loop is a railway line connecting Khana Junction and Kiul Junction. Originally a part of the Howrah–Delhi main line, it was opened to traffic in 1866. With the construction of a shorter railway line for a part of the route, the stretch was assigned a separate identity.
History
Railway transportation was introduced in India within 30 years of its maiden run in England.
The East Indian Railway Company which was formed on 1 June 1845, completed its survey for a railway line from Kolkata, then called Calcutta, to Delhi via Mirzapur in 1846. The company initially became defunct on refusal of government guarantee, which was given in 1849. Thereafter, an agreement was signed between East Indian Railway Company and the East India Company, for the construction and operation of an "experimental" line between Kolkata and Rajmahal, which would later be extended to Delhi via Mirzapur. Construction began in 1851.
On 15 August 1854, the first passenger train in the eastern section was operated up to Hooghly, away. On 1 February 1855 the first train ran from Hooghly to Raniganj, from Howrah. The priority accorded to the Raniganj section was because of the assurance of coal transportation.
The Khana Junction-Rajmahal section was complete in October 1859, crossing Ajay River on the way. The first train ran from Howrah to Rajmahal via Khana on 4 July 1860. The Loop from Khana Junction to Kiul via Jamalpur, including the Monghyr branch, was ready in February 1862.
From Rajmahal, construction progressed rapidly, moving westward along the banks of the Ganges, reaching Bhagalpur in 1861, Munger in February 1862, and opposite Varanasi (across the Ganges) in December 1862 and then on to Naini on the bank of the Yamuna. The work included EIR's first tunnel at Jamalpur and first major bridge across the Son River at Arrah.
During 1863–64, work progressed rapidly on the Allahabad–Kanpur–Tundla and Aligarh–Ghaziabad sections. The Yamuna bridge near Delhi was completed in 1864 and EIR established the Delhi terminus. The Yamuna bridge at Allahabad opened on 15 August 1865 and in 1866 Kolkata and Delhi were directly linked. The 1 Dn/ 2 Up Mail started running.
With the completion of the long line from Khana Junction connecting Durgapur, Asansole with Kiul Junction in 1871, a "shorter main line" was in position. Initially, it was called the chord line. However, as it attracted more traffic it was designated the main line and the original line became the Sahibganj loop.
After approx 150 years of operation, Sahibganj loop is converted in double line on 14-05-2019 except Ratanpur–Jamalpur section as construction of tunnel near Jamalpur is in progress. Train operation with Electric Loco in Kiul–Bhagalpur section is started on 03-06-2019.
In the Rail Budget 2008, Bhagalpur was announced to be converted to as Railway Division but decision withdrawn by ER in 2009. The new rail lines from Sultanganj to Deoghar announced and the construction yet to start . Bhagalpur to Rampurhat via Dumka section is operational. Bhagalpur to Deoghar via Banka section is operational. Bhagalpur to Godda via Hansdiha is operational.
Branch lines
In 1863, the Indian Branch Railway Company, a private company opened the Nalhati–Azimganj branch line. The track was initially a 4' gauge line. The track was subsequently converted to 5' 6" broad gauge. The Indian Branch Railway Company was purchased by the Government of India in 1872 and the line was renamed Nalhati State Railway. It became a part of the East Indian Railway Company in 1892.
In 1913, the Hooghly–Katwa Railway constructed a line from Bandel to Katwa, and the Barharwa–Azimganj–Katwa railway constructed the Barharwa–Azimganj–Katwa loop line. The Andal–Sainthia branch line was built in 1913.
The -long Ahmedpur–Katwa Light Railway connecting and & to , built on , was opened to traffic on 29 September 1917.
Bhagalpur to Rampurhat via Dumka section is operational. Bhagalpur to Deoghar section via Banka is operational.
Mirza Cheoki–Godda and Godda–Hansdiha is under construction. Bhagalpur will get directly connected with Godda via Hansdiha.
Developments
Only Ratanpur to Jamalpur of the Sahibganj loop is still operating on single track. Work of construction of second tunnel near Janalpur is in progress. Second tunnel work near Jamalpur is likely to be completed by 2021. Twenty-one pairs of trains ply between Bhagalpur and Sahibganj.
New rail line from Pakur–Godda and Bashukinath Dham–Chatra is proposed.
Work for doubling the stretch started in 2010 (Announced in 1996).
Work on the new long Rampurhat–Dumka–Mander Hill broad-gauge line completed and Kavi Guru Express BhagalpurJn to Howrah is running on this route.
Jamalpur Workshop
Jamalpur Workshop, the first full-fledged railway workshop facility in India, was opened on 8 February 1862, at a time when the Howrah–Delhi main line, passing through Jamalpur was under construction. It was felt that communities of gunsmiths and other craftsmen in the area handling mechanical engineering jobs could pick up the skills required in a railway workshop. It undertook repairs of wagons, coaches, cranes and tower cars, and locomotives, as well as manufacture of some tower cars, break-down cranes and various kinds of heavy-duty lifting jacks. They also produced their own locomotives, starting with the CA 764 Lady Curzon in 1899. It has also produced ticket printers and other ticket machines (slitting, counting, and chopping). With fairly extensive workshop facilities, it was a fairly self-contained.
Electrification
Electrification of the Khana–Rampurhat–Sainthia–Pakur section was announced in the rail budget for 2010–11.
The electrification of Ahmedpur–Khana–Sainthia–Rampurhat–Pakur–Bonidanga section was completed in 2016. The first electric train service started from 29 September 2016 through running of Howrah – Rampurhat Express by Electric Locomotive.
The electrification of Bonidanga Link Cabin–Barharwa–Sahibganj–Kiul section including the Tinpahar – Rajmahal section (Announced by Prime Minister Package in Bihar) has been started from September 2017 and was expected to be completed by the end of March 2020 but got delayed due to COVID-19 pandemic and was completed on 30 June 2020.
After approximately 150 years of operation of Kiul–Bhagalpur section of Sahibganj loop, Vikramshila Express became the first train to be hauled by an electric locomotive on 2 June 2019.
After the electrification between Bhagalpur to Kiul, first train with electric locomotive on this loop was started with Vikramshila Express between Anand Vihar Terminal to Bhagalpur hauled by WAP-5 of Ghaziabad Shed. The next day it departed and ran with the same electric loco from Bhagalpur Junction till Anand Vihar Terminal. By then almost 8 pairs of express trains originated from Bhagalpur begun its operations by electric locomotives.
The electrification of the further loop line between Bhagalpur to Bonidanga Link Cabin was delayed due to doubling work between Sahibganj–Bhagalpur section which was completed in the month of April 2019.
After the electrification of Bhagalpur Kiul section, the remaining electrification work was resumed between Bhagalpur to Bonidanga in 4 stages which began from both sides,
As the Bonidanga–Barharwa section was electrified within a month in the 1st phase.
The remaining work continued between Barharwa–Tinpahar which was completed within two months in its 2nd phase.
Within that time, doubling work between Bhagalpur to Kahalgaon section was completed but, it was again delayed due to the ongoing Route-Relay Interlocking (RRI) work. So, the remaining electrification work from Bhagalpur side was paused due to RRI work.
After the electrification of Barharwa–Tinpahar section, Tinpahar–Sahibganj section was electrified in its third phase and its CRS Inspection was completed between Sahibganj to Barharwa.
The 4th last phase of remaining electrification work was done between Sahibganj to Bhagalpur into two parts.
Sahibganj–Shivnarayanpur (33 km) – was completed in February 2020
Shivnarayanpur–Bhagalpur (42 km) – was completed in March 2020, CRS Inspection was done on 30 June 2020.
With the completion of electrification of Sahibganj loop from (Bonidanga Link Cabin to Kiul) distance of total 247 rkm, it became a history by becoming 100% fully electrified. The Howrah–New Delhi oldest rail route was constructed in the late 1880s by the British Government (East India Company) and thus, it ended the longest running era of diesel locomotives.
After this section was fully electrified between Bhagalpur – Shivnarayanpur remaining portion which is under Eastern Railways' Malda division,
Train number - 05956/05955 Delhi–Dibrugarh-Delhi Special Brahmaputra Mail was the first express train from Delhi to reach up to New Jalpaiguri with an Electric Locomotive. According to the NFR zone, the national transporter will save an amount of around Rs 20.4 crore per annum in its fuel cost, for running this train on electric traction between Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Jn (formerly Mughalsarai Junction) and New Jalpaiguri Jn railway stations.
Finally, the whole Sahibganj loop route has been electrified and the last CRS inspection was done on 30 June 2020 between Bhagalpur and Shivnarayanpur. Electric Trains are fully operational now in this route.
References
5 ft 6 in gauge railways in India
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Jharkhand
Rail transport in Bihar
Transport in Birbhum district
Railway loop lines
1866 establishments in India
Mere Haule Dost is an 2013
Hindi film directed by Nitin Raghunath and produced by Pramida Posanipalli, Rajiv Thakur and Nitin Raghunath. The film was released on 7 June 2013.
The film features Anirudh Loka, Raghuvardhan Garlapati, Aadil Abedi, Rishit Samala and Kiran Gadalay as main characters.
Cast
Anirudh Loka
Raghuvardhan Garlapati
Aadil Abedi
Rishit Samala
Kiran Gadalay
Preeti Gupta
Catherine Fallows
Zainab Lax
Yantisha Singh
Harika Vedula
Babita Punetha
Natasha Pamnani
Anand Natesh
References
External links
Official Website.
2010s Hindi-language films
Indian romantic comedy films
2013 films
2013 romantic comedy films
Balsam Karam (born 29 July 1983) is a Swedish writer and librarian of Iranian Kurdish descent.
Career
She works at Rinkeby Library in Stockholm and is a member of the Swedish Writers' Union's library council.
In 2018, she released her first book, Händelsehorisonten (Event Horizon). She was awarded the Smålits migrantpris in 2021 for the book.
In 2021, she released her second book, Singulariteten (The Singularity). The book was shortlisted for the 2021 European Union Prize for Literature.
Personal life
Born in Teheran, in Iran, in 1983, her family moved to Sweden when she was seven. She studied at Biskops Arnös författarskola before doing a master's degree at the University of Gothenburg.
References
1983 births
Living people
Swedish people of Iranian descent
Swedish people of Kurdish descent
Swedish librarians
Women librarians
21st-century Swedish women writers
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
University of Gothenburg alumni
Olaz is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 702.
Geography
Olaz is located 8km east of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Sooraj R. Barjatya (born 22 February 1964) is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter and distributor, predominantly working in Hindi cinema. He is the current chairman of the Indian media conglomerate Rajshri Productions. His films are produced under the Rajshri Productions banner, which was founded in 1947 by his late grandfather Tarachand Barjatya. Barjatya has directed and produced some of the highest-grossing Bollywood films and has produced three other films that have accumulated worldwide gross earnings of more than .
Barjatya began his career as an assistant director to Mahesh Bhatt. He made his directorial debut with the 1989 film Maine Pyar Kiya, a romantic musical film about friendship. He followed it with the film Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!, which became one of the most commercially successful Bollywood films worldwide at the time. This was produced by his father Rajkumar Barjatya for Rajshri Productions. In 1999, Barjatya directed the commercially and critically successful film Hum Saath-Saath Hain. In 2006, Barjatya directed and produced Vivah, which established Shahid Kapoor as a leading actor in Bollywood. In 2015, the film Prem Ratan Dhan Payo, again written and directed by him, was one of the highest-grossing films of the year.
Early life
Sooraj Barjatya was born in a Marwari Jain family in Mumbai. He attended St. Mary's School, Mumbai and The Scindia School in Gwalior. Encouraged by his paternal grandfather, Tarachand Barjatya, he directed his first film Maine Pyar Kiya for Rajshri at the young age of 24. He married Vineeta Barjatya in 1986 and the couple have three children.
Career
He made his directorial debut with Maine Pyar Kiya (1989) starring Salman Khan which was financially successful and launched both his and Salman's careers. The film also won him the Most Sensational Debut of the Year award.Bengali filmmaker Tarun Majumdar also give advice for creative department. He teamed up with Salman again for Hum Aapke Hain Koun..! (1994) which became one of the highest-grossing films of all time and Hum Saath-Saath Hain: We Stand United (1999) which was successful as well.
His fourth film was Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon starring Hrithik Roshan, Kareena Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan which was his first critical and commercial failure. His next film Vivah (2006) starring Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao proved to be one of the most successful films in his career. He has named the lead actor of all his movies 'Prem'. He had said in an interview that "Ours was a joint Marwari family and I grew up witnessing grand functions and wedding ceremonies in the family. The opulence shown in my films is based on my impressions as a child".
Maine Pyar Kiya and Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!, Sooraj Barjatya's two consecutive films, are still placed among the top ten most successful films of the last 80 years. Vivah proved to be one of the biggest grossers of 2006, having celebrated a silver jubilee run at 25 centers across the country. The film was nominated for more than 15 awards.
Filmography
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
20th-century Indian film directors
Indian male screenwriters
Hindi-language film directors
Filmfare Awards winners
Film producers from Mumbai
Hindi film producers
Barjatya family
21st-century Indian film directors
Film directors from Mumbai
Hindi screenwriters
Screenwriters from Maharashtra
Directors who won the Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment National Film Award
Rajasthani people
Marwari people
21st-century Indian Jains
Screen Awards winners
The 2015–16 CONCACAF Champions League group stage was played from August 4 to October 22, 2015. A total of 24 teams competed in the group stage to decide the eight places in the knockout stage of the 2015–16 CONCACAF Champions League.
Draw
The draw for the tournament was held on June 1, 2015, 20:00 EDT (UTC−4), at the New World Center in Miami Beach, Florida. The 24 teams were drawn into eight groups of three, with each group containing one team from each of the three pots.
For the draw, the 24 teams were seeded into three pots. Teams from the same association (excluding "wildcard" teams which replace a team from another association) were placed in the same pot such that they could not be drawn into the same group:
Pot 1 contained two teams from El Salvador, one team each from Canada, Nicaragua, and Belize, and three teams from the Caribbean.
Pot 2 contained two teams each from Costa Rica, Honduras, Guatemala, and Panama.
Pot 3 contained four teams each from Mexico and the United States.
The seeding was changed from previous seasons where teams from the same association were placed in different pots.
Format
In the group stage, each group was played on a home-and-away round-robin basis. The winners of each group advanced to the quarterfinals.
Tiebreakers
The teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If tied on points, tiebreakers would be applied in the following order (Regulations, II. C. Tie-Breaker Procedures):
Greater number of points earned in matches between the teams concerned;
Greater goal difference in matches between the teams concerned;
Greater number of goals scored away from home in matches between the teams concerned;
Greater goal difference in all group matches;
Greater number of goals scored in group matches;
Greater number of goals scored away in all group matches;
Drawing of lots.
Groups
The matchdays were August 4–6, August 18–20, August 25–27, September 15–17, September 22–24, and October 20–22, 2015.
All times U.S. Eastern Daylight Time (UTC−4)
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
References
External links
CONCACAF Champions League , CONCACAF.com
2
Hochstall is a small village located in Bavaria, Germany. It is in Upper Franconia, in the Bamberg district. Hochstall is a constituent community of Buttenheim.
In 2010, the village had a population of 31.
Geography
The village is about 900 meters south of Kälberberg.
References
External links
Contessa, Google Maps Photo - Bus Shelter at Entrance of Village, Accessed August 25, 2016.
Contessa, Google Maps Photo - Crucifix in Center of Village, Accessed August 25, 2016.
Villages in Bavaria
Bamberg (district)
The Animation Studio is a 1991 software published by Walt Disney Software.
Gameplay
The Animation Studio is a computer animation software package, featuring a drawing program.
Reception
Roy Wagner reviewed the program for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "For serious cel animation, requiring lots of work and time, (and most likely worth all the effort put into it), The Animation Studio is recommended. It gives its users much greater control over all the details necessary to create original animations."
Reviews
Info
Amiga World
References
2D animation software
Akbarov () is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bobirjon Akbarov, Uzbek footballer
Marat Akbarov (born 1961), Soviet Russian pair skater
Rovshan Akbarov, Azerbaijani general and military leader
Russian-language surnames
Chak No. 1 is a village in Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil, Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab, Pakistan. It derives its name from the railway station built near Chillianwala on the line between Lalamusa, Malakwal and Sargodha.
Chilianwala was the site of an 1849 battle in the Second Anglo-Sikh War, ending without decisive victory but causing the British military to re-evaluate its ambitions in India.
References
Villages in Mandi Bahauddin District
was the father of Okinawaology and a Japanese scholar who studied various aspects of Japanese and Okinawan culture, customs, linguistics, and lore. His signature was Ifa Fuyu in English, because of the Okinawan pronunciation. Iha studied linguistics in the University of Tokyo and was devoted to the study of Okinawan linguistics, folklore, and history. His most famous book on the subject, Ko Ryūkyū (Old Ryūkyū), was published in 1911 and remains one of the best works on Okinawan studies. He devoted much time to the discovery of the origins of Okinawan people to establish their history. He had considerable influence not only on the study of Okinawan folklore but also of Japanese folklore.
Life
In 1876, he was born in Naha as the eldest son of a lower-class pechin.
In 1891, he entered Okinawa Middle School, now corresponding to Shuri High School.
In 1895, he was dismissed from school, because he was a leader of a student strike; they requested the resignation of the then principal who dropped the subject of English (English is needed for higher schools).
In 1896, he entered Meijigikai Middle School in Tokyo, followed by the Third Higher School (Now Kyoto University).
In 1903, he entered the linguistic course, Department of Literature, Tokyo University.
In 1906, he graduated from Tokyo University.
In 1910, he was appointed the director of Okinawa Prefectural Library.
In 1917, he organized the study of Esperanto.
In 1918, he lectured on the Bible at a church.
In 1921, he was appointed the director of Okinawa Prefectural Library formally.
In 1924, he resigned from the library and went to Tokyo to study more.
In 1935, he lectured on Omorosoushi at Kokugakuin University.
In 1945, he assumed the post of the first president of the Association of Okinawan People.
On August 13, 1947, he died at the house of Higa Shuncho.
Achievements
Ko Ryūkyū [the ancient Loochoos], 1911, 1916, 1942, 1944, 2000. [in Japanese, his representative work]
Revised Omoro Sōshi, 1925, Minamishima, danwakai. [in Japanese]
Ryūkyū no Hōgen [dialects of the Loochoos] 琉球の方言, Kokugo kagaku kōza, no. VII: Kokugo hōgengaku, fascicle no. 5, [1933]; rpt. within the single-vol. version of the course as Tōjō Misao 東條操 et al., Kokugo hōgengaku [dialectology of the national language] 國語方言學, [1935], both: Meiji Shoin, Tokyo. [in Japanese]
An Island of Onari Kami, 1938, 1942. [in Japanese]
Selected works of Iha Fuyu, 1962. Okinawa Times. [in Japanese]
Collected Works of Iha Fuyu (1–11), 1976 and 1993, Heibonsha, Tokyo. [in Japanese]
Ko Ryukyu
This is his representative work and has remained an introduction to Okinawaology. He had corrected previous articles many times, and the reader should read the most recent edition.
Linguistic study
Studying various words of Ryukyu and Japan used in days gone by, he came to the conclusion that Okinawa and Japan share the same mother tongue. The studied words include akaru, akezu, akatonki, amori, etsuri, fuguri (scrotum), fuku, hae (glory), hau, hiji, hiraku, hoso (umbricus), kanashi, iga, ikasarete, ikibui, ikutokoro, ime, iriki, kabuchi, kotoi, kuwanari, magu, majimono, mamaki, maru, minjai, mitsumi, monowata, mumuji, naegu, nai (earthquake), nasu, nuuji, sakuri, sayumi, shichiyadan, shishi, taani, tane (penis), tsukakamachi, tsukura, tubi, ugonaari, uwanari, wa, watamashi, yagusami, yokoshi, yomu, and yuimaharu.
The recent trend of the History of the Ryukyus
Three representative statesmen were described. They were given posthumous court ranks at the enthronement of Emperor Taishō, and Iha gave a lecture about them at the Okinawa Normal School. They were Sai On, Haneji Choshu (Shō Shōken (向象賢)) and Giwan Chōho. They managed to govern Ryukyu between Satsuma and China. Iha regarded them as the most important figures in Ryukyuan history.
Sai On's advice to the King: Negotiations with China are not difficult. If difficulties arise, Kume people can manage to handle them. But Japan is not so. On one day, with only a piece of paper, a King may lose his position and it is definitely from Japan.
Okinawa's stand: to Okinawa, who will rule in China does not matter. Okinawa is not allowed to stick to justice. Okinawan people endure everything in order to live, or eat. An Okinawan saying that who will let us eat, whoever it is, is our master. This is the fate of Okinawan people until the day of the placement of Okinawa Prefecture. To Japan, namely to the Shimazu clan, it did not know how to treat Okinawa soon after the establishment of Okinawa Prefecture.
Seven kinds of Omoro Sōshi
Omoro Sōshi is a collection of songs, 1553 poems and 1267 poems (when the same songs are excluded) in 22 volumes, starting in the middle of the 13th century and ending in the middle of the 17th century. It may be called the Man'yōshū of Okinawa. Omoro is the abbreviation of Omori uta, or songs sung in the sacred places of Ryukyu. The themes of the Omoro include the origin of Ryukyu, Kings, Heroes, Voyages, Poets, Sceneries, Heaven and Stars, very rarely Romance. Omoro is the primary source for studying the Ryukyuan languages and ideologies.
The problem of students studying in China (Kansho)
China allowed Ryukyuan princes and others to study in China; at first, Ryukyuan students did not get good achievements. The great king Shō Shin started to allow the people of the town of Kume, who had come from China only 128 years before, to study in China. They spoke Chinese of course, and got high achievements. Four students from Kume who studied in Nanjing came back seven years later. Four others on the next turn, came back seven years later. The people of Kume eventually came to believe that students only came from Kume. Toward the end of the 18th century, the Ryukyuan government, based in Shuri, realized that education and politics went hand in hand and thought students should be also from Shuri. The people of Kume resisted with strikes. This is called the Kansho Problem or Soudou.
The P sound in Okinawan dialects
The changes of the sound of P → F → H in Ryukyuan dialects suggest the changes from P through F to H in the languages of historical Japan proper.
Take care that this is in Ko Ryukyu.
In Late Middle Japanese it is written that although Proto-Japanese had a *[p], by Old Japanese it had already become [ɸ] and subsequently [h] during Early Modern Japanese where it remains today.
Other Works
The weakest point of Okinawan People, The establishment of Okinawa Prefecture from the viewpoint of evolution, Did Heike people really come to Sakishima? Important place Urasoe, What does Shimajiri mean in many islands of Okinawa? A mysterious man Amawari, Documents of Wakou in Okinawa, A lovely Yaeyama girl, Nakasone Toyomiya in Miyako, Grand kumi stages of old Ryukyu, Poems of Southern Islands, The Bible translated into the Ryukyu language by Bernard Jean Bettelheim, On Konkō-kenshū (Old Ryukyu language dictionary), Akainko, the first Okinawan music musician. Mythologies in Okinawa.
Okinawaology
Okinawaology is not an independent field of science, but a general term of various aspects of Okinawa studies. Okinawaology originated from Iha's Ko Ryukyu (Old Ryukyu).
In General
Since Ryukyu was annexed by Japan, the Okinawan people were forcefully assimilated into Japanese imperial culture. With this as the background, Iha studied the culture of both Japan and Okinawa, especially, the languages, history of Okinawa, and proposed the Okinawan people and Japanese people had the same ancestors. His studies started from Omorosoushi, and covered the study of history, linguistics, anthropology, archaeology, study of religions, mythology, the study of civilization, ethnology and literature. Using the Okinawan language, he tried to raise the pride of Okinawans in their land. His proposals have been established as the basis of Okinawaology. Those who study Okinawaology are not restricted to scholars. Okinawaology covers many other branches, such as politics, economics, laws, and natural circumstances.
Tomb
His tomb is at Urasoe Castle showing the following epitaph.
Related persons
Shinmura Izuru (1876–1967), Torii Ryūzō (1870–1953), Kunio Yanagita (1875–1962), Shinobu Orikuchi (1887–1953), Yanagi Sōetsu (1889–1961), Minakata Kumagusu (1867–1941), Hajime Kawakami (1879–1946), Kyōsuke Kindaichi (1882–1971), Shirō Hattori (1908–1995)
Higashionna Kanjun (1882–1963): Historian concerning Okinawa, Professor at Takushoku University.
Tajima Risaburo (1869–1929): Teacher of Iha. He studied Omorosoushi and gave documents of Omorosoushi to Iha.
Higa Shuncho (1883–1977): Okinawa historian. Esperantist.
Majikina Anko (1875–1933): One of the co-leaders of the strike. Historian. In 1925, he became the director of the Okinawa Prefectural Library. His 1000 year history of Okinawa was said to be an encyclopedia of Okinawa.
Hashimoto Shinkichi (1882–1945): Japanese language scholar.
Ogura Shinpei (1882–1944): Japanese language scholar.
Kinjo Choei (1902–1955): Okinawan language scholar.
Nakahara Zenchu (1890–1964): Okinawan culture scholar. Author of Omorosoushi Encyclopedia (1978) and History of Ryukyu (1978).
Nakasone Seizen (1907–1995): After meeting Iha at Tokyo University, he studied the dialect of Okinawa. He led nursing students at the end of the war and spoke for peace.
Shibuzawa Keizo (1896–1963): Minister of Finance, Folklore scholar.
Hokama Shuzen (b. 1924 ): Okinawan culture scholar.
Sasaki Nobutsuna (1872–1963): Tanka poet, Japanese language scholar.
Shimbukuro Gen-ichiro (1885–1942): Okinawa culture scholar.
Kanna Kenwa(1877–1950): The main leader of the strike. Governor of Okinawa Narahara Shigeru helped him graduate the school. He joined the Russo-Japanese war and became a rear admiral of the Japanese Navy, and a representative of the lower house.
Iha Getsujo, (1880–1945): A younger brother of Iha Fuyu. Newspaperman of Okinawa Mainichi newspaper.
Kanagusuku Kiko (1875–1967): One of the co-leaders of the strike. Became the first physician in Okinawa and the director of Okinawa Prefectural Hospital.
Teruya Hiroshi (1875–1939): One of the co-leaders of the strike. After studying engineering at Kyoto University, he went to Taiwan, and later he became Mayor of Naha. He contributed to the clarification of the victims of the Mudan Incident of 1871.
Nishime Goro or Tokuda Goro(1873–1938):
Kishaba Eijun (1885–1972): After meeting Iha, he studied the local aspects of Yaeyama.
Kodama Kihachi (1856–1912): The vice principal (November 1889 – September 1891) and principal (September 1891 – April 1896) of Okinawa Normal School. In 1894, he wanted to discontinue English and a student strike began.
Notes
Wonder - Okinawa on Iha Fuyu
Iha Fuyu Library Catalogue, in Japanese
Institute for Okinawan studies, in Japanese
Iha Fuyu, edit. Hokama Shuzen 2000 Ko Ryukyu, Iwanami Bunko, . In Japanese
References
People from Okinawa Prefecture
Ryukyuan people
University of Tokyo faculty
1876 births
1947 deaths
20th-century Japanese historians
Historians of Japan
University of Tokyo alumni
Darkness Falls is a 2003 supernatural horror film written by Joe Harris and John Fasano, and directed by Jonathan Liebesman. The film stars Chaney Kley and Emma Caulfield. The film follows Kyle Walsh (Kley), who witnesses his mother's murder at the hands of a vengeful spirit lynched by an angry mob more than 150 years ago. Twelve years later, Kyle returns to his childhood home because Michael Greene (Lee Cormie), the young brother of his romantic interest Caitlin (Caulfield), is being stalked by the same spirit. Kyle must protect them from this powerful enemy and put an end to its killing spree.
Plot
In the middle of the 19th century, in the town of Darkness Falls, elderly widow Matilda Dixon was adored by the town's children. She would give them a gold coin whenever they lost a tooth, earning her the nickname Tooth Fairy. One night, a fire broke out in her house and left her face disfigured and severely sensitive to light. She wore a white porcelain mask and would only leave her house at night. However, the town's adults were suspicious of Matilda, believing her to be a witch. When two children went missing, the town quickly turned on Matilda. They exposed her face to light and hanged her. Before her death, Matilda placed a curse on the town and swore revenge. When the two missing children returned home unharmed, the town realized their mistake and quickly buried Matilda's body, keeping their deed a secret. Over the next 150 years, the story of Matilda became the legend of the Tooth Fairy; her spirit visits children on the night they lose their last tooth. If anyone lays eyes upon her, they will forever be marked for her vengeance.
In 1990, Kyle Walsh, an antisocial teenager befriended by Caitlin Greene, loses his last baby tooth. That night, he wakes after a horrific nightmare and senses Matilda's presence, discovering that the story is true. Knowing she cannot bear the light, he shines a flashlight into her face and flees, hiding in the brightly lit bathroom. His mother tries to reassure him that there is nobody else in the house, but is killed after seeing Matilda in Kyle's room. The next morning, police arrive and Kyle is removed to a psychiatric institution after mistaken speculations that he killed his mother.
Twelve years later, Caitlin telephones Kyle to ask for his help with her younger brother Michael, who refuses to sleep in the dark. Kyle still suffers extreme paranoia from his encounter with Matilda; he has dozens of flashlights and numerous medications for anxiety, depression and sleep disorders. Kyle visits Michael at the hospital but denies any relation to his condition and walks away from Caitlin, who still believes that the legend of Matilda Dixon is just a story, one which they were all told as children, but a story nonetheless.
Kyle tries to warn others of Matilda but faces ridicule and skepticism, which leads to the death of many townspeople. A lightning storm blacks out the whole town, and realizing that Michael and Caitlin are in danger, Kyle rushes to the hospital. He rescues them and gains allies along the way, as others see Matilda and realize the story is true. Kyle, Michael and Caitlin flee and hide in the lighthouse. They are helped by several medical personnel, all of whom are killed by Matilda.
During his final confrontation with Matilda, power is restored and the lighthouse beacon is activated. The sudden exposure to light causes Matilda excruciating pain, and Kyle tears off her mask. Seeing her grotesque, disfigured face, he realizes she is now vulnerable. Enraged, she resumes her attack. Kyle sets his right sleeve on fire and he strikes her face with it. As her spirit is engulfed in flame, Matilda is destroyed and her curse is finally brought to an end.
In a final scene, a young boy is being tucked into bed by his parents, having just lost his last baby tooth. As he sleeps, his mother replaces the tooth under his pillow with a gold coin, indicating that Matilda is gone and her curse is lifted.
Cast
Chaney Kley as Kyle Walsh
Joshua Anderson as Young Kyle Walsh
Jacob Worrall as Body double for Young Kyle Walsh
Emma Caulfield as Caitlin Greene
Emily Browning as Young Caitlin Greene
Lee Cormie as Michael Greene
Grant Piro as Larry Fleishman
John Stanton as Captain Thomas Henry
Sullivan Stapleton as Officer Matt Henry
Steve Mouzakis as Dr. Peter Murphy
Peter Curtin as Dr. Travis
Kestie Morassi as Nurse Lauren
Jenny Lovell as Nurse Alexandra
Antony Burrows as Matilda Dixon
Gary A. Hecker voices Matilda Dixon's vocal effects
Korie Ferguson as Mrs. Watkins
Rebecca McCauley as Margaret Walsh
Andrew Dauchy as Ray "The Drinking Buddy"
Soundtrack
The film's closing credits feature the song "Gunboat" by Vixtrola. Other songs featured in the film include "Look Out Below" by Closure, "Hand of Emptiness" by Brian Tichy, and "Rock Nation" by Scott Nickoley and Jamie Dunlap.
Reception
Box office
Darkness Falls debuted at number one its opening weekend. Grossing $32,551,396 domestically and $47,488,536 worldwide, Darkness Falls was considered a commercial success at the U.S. box office, recouping its $11 million budget.
Critical response
According to review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes, 9% of critics out of 129 reviews gave the film a positive review, with an average rating of 3.2/10; the critical consensus is: "A derivative movie where the scares are few and things don't make much sense". On Metacritic, the film has a score of 23 out of 100, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews", based on reviews from 27 critics. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B−" on an A+ to F scale.
In his review for The New York Times, Stephen Holden called the film "an efficient little horror movie that doesn't waste its time getting down to business." Although the film had a "deliberate sparseness of gore," Holden noted the "demonization of a benign childhood phantom" as the film's "cleverest notion." Jamie Russell of the BBC gave it 3/5 stars, writing: "This is a self-consciously silly, completely disposable multiplex movie that does its best to deliver its fair share of chills while struggling to keep a straight face."
Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times said that although "the filmmakers and their cast strive mightily to work up some thrills and chills," the film ultimately was "not all that scary." Philip French of The Observer called it "a mish mash of horror-movie clichés". Alexander Walker of the Evening Standard wrote: "Bogey-fanciers may enjoy it; others may want to check out long before they all take refuge in the lighthouse."
Novelization
Joe Harris wrote Darkness Falls: The Tragic Life of Matilda Dixon, a prequel comic, which was published by Dark Horse Comics. Keith R. A. DeCandido wrote a novelization of the film, which was published by Pocket Books in December 2002.
See also
List of ghost films
Tooth fairy
Night terror
They, a 2002 horror film with a similar premise to this film.
References
External links
2003 films
2003 horror films
2000s ghost films
American ghost films
American supernatural horror films
Australian horror films
Australian supernatural films
Columbia Pictures films
Films scored by Brian Tyler
Films about fear
Australian films about revenge
American films about revenge
Films about curses
Films about sleep disorders
Films directed by Jonathan Liebesman
Films shot in Melbourne
Revolution Studios films
Films with screenplays by James Vanderbilt
Films with screenplays by John Fasano
2003 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Erica Rivinoja is an American film and television writer.
She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for co-writing Borat Subsequent Moviefilm. Her other film screenplays include Extreme Movie and Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2, and story credits on Trolls, Girls Trip, and The Addams Family.
From 2001 to 2012, Rivinoja was a writer and consultant on the animated comedy series South Park, which earned her two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Animated Program from four nominations. In July 2020, Rivinoja was announced as the showrunner of the upcoming Clone High revival.
Rivinoja is a native of Hobbs, New Mexico. She graduated from Hobbs High School in 1995.
References
External links
Living people
Primetime Emmy Award winners
American television writers
American women screenwriters
Screenwriters from New Mexico
21st-century American screenwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Judge Perez Bridge, also known as the Belle Chasse Bridge, is a vertical-lift bridge in the U.S. state of Louisiana which carries northbound Louisiana Highway 23 over the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway between Belle Chasse and Terrytown. The bridge is paired with the Belle Chasse Tunnel which carries southbound LA 23. Construction began in March 1967, and the bridge opened for traffic in September 1968. It has been plagued with mechanical issues since it opened. Commuters have had to back down off the bridge due to a malfunction.
The bridge was built to relieve traffic from the Belle Chasse Tunnel. It was part of a parish project of four-laning Highway 23 throughout the road's entire length to Venice. According to the Plaquemines Gazette, the $3.3 million structure was built by Plaquemines Parish using its Parish Royalty Road Fund without charge to local taxpayers. Boh Brothers worked on its construction.
References
Road bridges in Louisiana
Bridges completed in 1968
Vertical lift bridges in Louisiana
Buildings and structures in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana
Buildings and structures in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana
1968 establishments in Louisiana
Christ on a Bike is the title of:
A show by Richard Herring, a British comedian
A short story by Ami McKay, a Canadian writer
A comic strip in Viz, a British adult spoof comic magazine
Janantike (; ) is a 1965 collection of personal essays by Indian writer Suresh Joshi. V.Y. Kantak translated it into English with the title Intimate Asides (1995).
Publication
The book was first published in 1965 by Swati Prakashan, Bombay. It contains 51 essays that Joshi wrote during the period from 1955 to 1964. The essays are of different lengths, arranged in a loose sequence. The essays are untitled but numbered serially.
Contents
Janantike (aside) is a term used in classical Sanskrit dramaturgy to indicate a situation where one character whispers something into the ear of another character, apparently excluding the audience from sharing it. Joshi states in the preface to the collection that the essays are written in a Janantik form, suggesting they are personal essays.
Some essays in the collection are autobiographical in nature. The chief theme of the essays is reminiscence (smaraṇ in Gujarati). In the opening essays, as well as in some later ones, Joshi recaptures the impressions of his earlier days, especially his childhood. He writes about his childhood impressions of his home region which lies towards the South Gujarat, the castle which is now in ruins, the dense forest of Saatkashi, the river Zankhari and the wondrous fairy world of childhood. Some specific memories are interwoven with these past impressions: the memory of certain deaths in the family, the images of a grandfather and an aunt are overlaid with the sadness of existence.
Reception
Janantike was awarded the Narmad Suvarna Chandrak (also known as the Narmad Gold Medal) literary award in 1965. One of Joshi's best known works, Janantike is considered to be one of the important contributions to Gujarati essays. V.Y. Kantak translated it into English by V. Y. Kantak with the title Intimate Asides (1995), published by Sahitya Akademi.
Gujarati writer Meghnad Bhatt cites Janantike as 'undoubtedly' the best collection of essays in Gujarati literature. Because of the 'rare modern sensibility' of the essays, critic Digish Mehta consider it a 'significant contribution' to Gujarati prose style.
References
External links
Janantike on Ekatra Foundation
Works by Suresh Joshi
1965 non-fiction books
Gujarati-language books
Indian essay collections
"I Am Your Leader" is a song recorded by American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj for her second studio album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (2012). The song features additional rap vocals from hip hop artists Rick Ross and Cam'ron. Production of the song was handled by Fernando Garibay & Chauncey "Hit-Boy" Hollis, with writing coming from Minaj, Garibay, Hollis, Ross, and Cam'ron. Musically, "I Am Your Leader" is a midtempo hardcore hip hop and electro hop song that contains sparse beats, minimal instrumentation, repetitive, high-pitched, off-pitch synth hooks, and a booming, static bass. Lyrically, Minaj "dishes boast-heavy verses about how she's better than all these other bitches", according to Adam Fleischer of XXL Magazine.
"I Am Your Leader" garnered praise from contemporary music critics, with the majority praising the song's production, Minaj's vocal delivery, and the appearances of Cam'ron and Ross. To promote the song, an accompanying music video for the song was released on August 24, 2012. It features Minaj inside a brightly colored playhouse dressed in eccentric clothing, while sequences show Minaj, Ross and Cam'ron in different rooms such as the bathroom, the staircase, and the dining room. Fellow rapper Tyga also makes a brief cameo appearance. Despite not being released as a single, "I Am Your Leader" peaked at number 71 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Minaj briefly performed a part of the song on The Today Show'''s summer concert series.
Background
Following the success of Minaj's debut album, Pink Friday, Cash Money co-CEO, Brian "Birdman" Williams announced to Billboard that Minaj was aiming to release her second album within the first quarter of 2012. In November 2011, Minaj announced on Twitter that the album would be released on February 14, 2012, though it was later delayed to April 3, 2012. The album focuses on Roman Zolanski, one of Minaj's alter egos that was first featured on Pink Friday. On May 24, 2012, a poll was posted on Minaj's official website asking fans to choose the next single(s). The poll was divided into three categories: The second category asked fans to choose between "Champion", "HOV Lane", and "I Am Your Leader". "Champion" had the most votes and won the poll; "HOV Lane" came in second, and "I Am Your Leader" came in third. On June 6, 2012, Minaj announced through her official Twitter that "Champion" would be the next urban single.
Composition
"I Am Your Leader" is a hardcore hip-hop and electro-hop song that runs for three minutes and thirty-three seconds. The production consists of a "chilled-out, humming beat punctuated on the chorus with a blunted fake-horn hook—halfway between classic-era Neptunes and Look At Me Now" according to Andrew Unterberger of Popdust. It also contains repetitive, high-pitched, off-pitch synth hooks, and a booming, static bass. "I Am Your Leader" makes use of sparse beats, frills, minimal instrumentation, and allows Minaj's rhymes to be the focal point, all of which gives the song "something of a mixtape feel" according to Joe Rivers of No Ripcord. In his review of the song, Unterberger of Popdust noted Hit-Boy's modern hip hop production, saying "Diplo and Bangladesh might have to watch their back after the up-and-comers contributions to this album." Adam Fleischer of XXL said "Nicki dishes boast-heavy verses about how she's better than all these other bitches."
Critical reception
"I Am Your Leader" received positive reviews from critics. Andrew Unterberger of Popdust gave it a 4-star rating, complimenting Minaj's rapping as well as the guest verses of Cam'ron and Rick Ross. However, Unterberger felt that Minaj was overshadowed by the guest verses. Andrew Hampp of Billboard echoed Unterberger's sentiments, saying "The nostalgia of Cam's return trumps the overall catchiness of the song." XXL Magazine stated that "Though many of the early songs [on the album] lack real substance, the records remain generally exciting - “I Am Your Leader,” alongside Rick Ross and Cam'ron, “Beez In The Trap” with 2 Chainz, and the triumphant “Champion” featuring Nas, Drake and Young Jeezy are all memorable moments". Joe Rivers No Ripcord praised "I Am Your Leader" along with "Beez in the Trap" for being "thrilling" and making "good use of cameos". Stephen Deusner of Paste Magazine said that "On the nursery rhyming “I Am Your Leader,” [Minaj] spits yet another dick joke like a playground jeer, slyly undermining hip-hop's traditionally male-centric braggadocio. She's not only participating in phallocentric boasting; she's also inflating the convention with a Swedish penis pump until it's just shy of bursting".
David Jeffries of Allmusic listed it as one of the best tracks on the album. Matthew Cole of Slant Magazine stated that "'I Am Your Leader' and 'Beez in the Trap' [are] two excellent tracks which manage to sound both bubbly and heavy as Minaj delivers her most effortlessly entertaining shit-talk to date". Ryan Dombal of Pitchfork called "Come On A Cone" and "I Am Your Leader" "two brilliantly off-kilter songs". Tom Ewing of The Guardian said that "On "I Am Your Leader", [Minaj] drops a couple of octaves to gleefully pompous effect". Kevin Ritchie of NOW Magazine named it the top track of the album. Kyle Anderson of Entertainment Weekly named it one of the best tracks on the album along with "Champion".
Promotion
Music video
The video begins with a pink mailbox with the song's title on the front written in different fonts. It is set in an esque brightly coloured playhouse. Minaj raps her first verse in a spacious room filled with antler heads and wacky windows and is seen standing on a zebra print carpet. Minaj is then seen in a bathtub, partially clothed, wearing only Alexander McQueen “Armadillo” jewel encrusted 12-inch stiletto shoes. She wears a green, Marilyn Monroe inspired wig. This is followed by a scene with all three rappers. After the hook, Rick Ross is seen sitting on a gold banquet table reciting his rap, shirtless, while gold mannequins ascend behind him. For Cam'ron's verse the scene is located on a staircase of moving photos of the three rappers. Nicki's Young Money labelmate, Tyga also makes a brief cameo appearance in the clip.
The video garnered positive reviews from critics, noting its high energy, fun and "wackiness". MTV's Rob Markman gave the video a positive review saying, "Only in a Nicki Minaj video can you find two of rap's hardest street figures performing in such a wacky setting, but it's the juxtaposition that 'I Am Your Leader' offers which makes it so fun."
Live performances
Minaj performed the song for the first time on The Today Show's summer concert series on August 14, 2012.
Credits and personnel
Recording
Recorded at: Conway Studios in Los Angeles, California.
Personnel
Nicki Minaj – songwriting, vocals
Rick Ross – songwriting, vocals
Cam'ron – songwriting, vocals
Fernando Garibay – production, songwriting
Hitboy – production, songwriting
Ariel Chabaz – recording, mixing
John Rivers – recording, mastering
Jon Sher – recording and mixing assistant
Credits adapted from Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded'' liner notes.
Charts
References
2012 songs
Nicki Minaj songs
Cam'ron songs
Rick Ross songs
Music videos directed by Colin Tilley
Songs written by Nicki Minaj
Songs written by Cam'ron
Songs written by Rick Ross
Song recordings produced by Hit-Boy
Songs written by Hit-Boy
Songs written by Fernando Garibay
The Smith & Wesson M&P22 is a semi-automatic pistol chambered in .22 Long Rifle. It is hammer-fired and blowback-operated, and differs from the centerfire M&P variants, which are striker-fired and recoil-operated. The M&P22 has a single dot on the front sight and notch rear that is adjustable for elevation and windage. In 2013 the scaled-down M&P22 Compact was released. The pistol also has a Picatinny rail.
References
Smith & Wesson semi-automatic pistols
.22 LR pistols
Woman with Birthmark (Kvinna med födelsemärke) is a 1996 novel by Håkan Nesser, which won the Best Swedish Crime Novel Award in the same year. The English translation was published in 2009.
It was also made into a Swedish mini-series for TV in 2001.
References
1996 novels
Swedish crime novels
Matthew Hoyle (born 26 April 1991) is a British motorcycle racer who has competed in the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup and the 125cc World Championship. He won the British 125cc Championship in 2008.
Career statistics
Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
1991 births
Living people
British motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Mary Maxwell-Channell (23 July 1914 - 18 Dec 2012) was an engineer and businesswoman who was honoured in the 1946 New Years Honours list for her role in starting a factory producing munitions in World War II.
Early life and education
Mary Gardner was born in rural Lancashire, England on 23 July 1914. Her parents were Thomas Gardner and Bertha May Foxcroft, and she had seven brothers and sisters. They lived in Cockerham near Garstang.
Mary studied engineering, probably at one of the London polytechnics such as Borough Polytechnic Institute which ran women's engineering courses organised by Women's Engineering Society (WES) from 1930.
Career
The most prominent engineering enterprise of Mary Maxwell-Channell was the company Erinex which carried out wartime work in World War II. Erinex was based in the village of Flore, Northamptonshire, initially in existing village buildings, and employed mainly women. The citation under "New Members" in 1943 in the Women's Engineering Society journal The Woman Engineer said that Erinex & Co was carrying out laboratory work on metal substitution, airscrew and spinner development, plastic development and in general engineering. Later sources mention high velocity incendiary bombs. The continued story of Erinex Ltd, is described in The Woman Engineer in 1947, including the company's purchase of an autogyro. A photograph of the factory from January 1946 shows women assembling electric kettles.
For her work founding a war industry at Erinex she was appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the New Years Honours of 1946.
Erinex Ltd and two other companies owned by Maxwell-Channell were wound up during 1948-1950 amid charges of fraudulent conversion of company money by her husband, Robert Maxwell-Channell.
Maxwell-Channell joined the Women's Engineering Society (WES) in 1943 and became a Member of Council 1947-1948.
Personal life
Mary Gardener married Australian engineer Robert Maxwell-Channell on 3 June 1937 at Warwick and Leamington Register Office. In later life Mary and her husband used the surname Channell de Chanel.
Mary Maxwell-Channel de Chanell died in Bude, Cornwall in 2012.
A selection of her papers were deposited in the Institution of Engineering and Technology Archives in the early 2020s as part of the Women's Engineering Society's collection.
References
1914 births
2012 deaths
20th-century businesswomen
21st-century businesswomen
British women in World War II
20th-century British engineers
Members of the Order of the British Empire
People from Lancashire (before 1974)
Women's Engineering Society
Woman engineers
2007 Punjab Legislative Assembly election for the constitution of the Thirteenth Legislative Assembly of Punjab was held in the Indian state of Punjab.
The term of the twelfth Punjab assembly ended with its dissolution in March 2007. The dissolution was necessitated after the results of the election was declared.
Committees
Members of the Punjab Legislative Assembly
The following is the list of the members of the Punjab Vidhan Sabha.
References
13th
2007 establishments in Punjab, India
The Ghost & Mrs. Muir is a situation comedy that aired on NBC during 1968–1969 and ABC during 1969–1970. The series starred Hope Lange and Edward Mulhare in the title roles; Lange's work was recognized twice with an Emmy Award, once for each season.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (1968–69)
Season 2 (1969–70)
External links
Lists of fantasy television series episodes
Lists of American sitcom episodes
James W. Jack Boynton (January 12, 1928 – April 5, 2010) was an American artist.
Biography
Jack Boynton was born in Fort Worth, Texas in 1928. He graduated from Lamar High School in 1945, received Bachelor of Fine Arts (1949) and Master of Fine Arts (1955). He worked as an instructor at University of Houston from 1955–57, San Francisco Art Institute from 1960–62, and as a professor at University of St. Thomas (Texas) from 1969-1985.
He began exhibiting paintings in 1950; has been included in numerous group exhibitions, nationally and internationally, since that time at museums, galleries and universities. Boynton was a key figure in the post-World War II Houston arts scene. According to a Houston Chronicle article written by Douglas Britt, Boynton garnered national attention in the 1950s and 1960s for his modernist, largely abstract paintings.
In 2006 Jack Boynton said:
Artists in Houston in the 50s, 60s and 70s would have been Jim Love, Dick Wray, Herb Mears, Dorothy Hood, Charles Pebworth. Lowell Collins still had status in the 50s, and Henri Gadbois. Mildred Dixon Sherwood had some prominence. Of course, people like Stella Sullivan, you know. Stella was sort of conservative, even then. The 50s was sort of the interim that Jerry MacAgy had big influence, and she had people that were either very enthusiastic about her, or were very negative about her. She didn't seem to hit the halfway mark. Nobody was indifferent. Then in the 60s I moved to San Francisco, and back in '62—and somewhere in that interim Sweeney came to town, and Sweeney sort of had sway for a while.
In 2009 Susie Kalil Said:
The term "breakthrough" is often used to denote a major accomplishment of an artist, the works in which he achieves indisputable progress. But what determines a "breakthrough"? What happens when an artist begins a new style? Does he shut off one room before entering another? Or does he extend the space that already exists? Spanning some six decades, Jack Boynton's paintings and works on paper (Lithographs) allow us to measure the way that one person's experiences and sensibility have been expressed in visual impulses. Significantly, Boynton turns arbitrariness into a fine art and does so without sticking to any one approach or medium. Rather, each encounter with a cultural symbol, everyday object or personal memory is reflected in the physical sensuality and structural clarity of his art. Oscillating between past and present, formal elegance and pressurized energy, the exhibition reveals Boynton to be an artist constantly changing and enlarging the sphere in which he functions. Through paintings, Boynton reflects the natural world in order to heighten awareness of our place in the universal.
Jack Boynton and Richard Stout
They arrived in Houston within about eighteen months of each other, Jack Boynton coming first from Fort Worth, freshly out of formal training at TCU. He brought with him the Modernist influences of the Fort Worth circle, and particularly the non-objective "post-circle" tendencies garnered through his association with the likes of Charles Williams, McKie Trotter and others. Richard Stout, a Beaumont native, arrived next. Coming to the city from the venerable Chicago Art Institute, he selected Houston as a home from which to launch a career and to perfect his energetic and dynamic paintings motif. Both young artists quickly set roots in Houston. They found encouragement here and developed a personal collegiality that led them to share a studio together for a time during the late 1950s through the early 1960s.
Exhibitions
1954 Drawings and Paintings by John Biggers and Jack Boynton, (Museum of Fine Arts), Houston, TX; Architectural League, New York, NY
1954 "Younger American Painters." Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York
1957 "Young America," Whitney Museum of American Art, New York
1957,1958 1 of 17 artists representing USA at the Brussels World's Fair
1955 Ft. Worth Art Center (now Museum of Modern Art) (Solo)
1958, 1959 Barone Gallery, New York City (Solo)
1959 Dallas Museum of Contemporary Art, (Dallas Museum of Art)
1961 "64th American Exhibition Paintings & Sculpture" The Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago
1961 Staempfli Gallery, NYC (Solo)
1962 "Recent Painting: The Figure," Museum of Modern Art, New York
1964 Louisiana Gallery, Houston (Solo)
1966 David Gallery, Houston (Solo)
1968, 1969 Atelier Chapman Kelley, Dallas (Solo
1970 Delgado Museum (now New Orleans Museum of Art. of NO); Simmone Stern Gallery, New Orleans La (Solo)
1971 University of St. Thomas (Texas), Houston (Solo)
1972 "Landscape Exhibition in Museum Penthouse," Milet Andrejevic, James Jack Boynton, John Button, Christo, Jan Dibbets, Lois Dodd, David Hockney, Yvonne Jacquette, Alex Katz, Gabriel Laderman, Richard Mayhew, Malcolm Morley, Robert Morris, Catherine Murphy, Dennis Oppenheim, Fairfield Porter, Sam Richardson, Edward Ruscha, Robert Smithson, Alan Sonfist, Larry Stark, Pat Steir, Neil Welliver and Ann Wilson. (among other artists) The Museum of Modern Art, New York
1972 Fort Worth Art Center (Now Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth) (Solo)
1974 Du Bose Gallery, Houston (Solo)
1976 Rice University-Sewall Gallery, Houston, Texas
1976, 1977, 1979, 1982, 1983, 1986 Betty Moody Gallery, Houston (Solo)
1979 University of Houston at Clear Lake City – Houston, Texas (Solo)
1980 “Retrospectrum” Amarillo Art Center, Amarillo Texas and circulating to Texas Museums: Tyler Museum of Art, Art Center of Waco, Abilene Fine Arts Museum (The Grace Museum), and Beaumont Art Museum (Art Museum of Southeast Texas). (retrospective)
1980, 1959 Dord Fitz Gallery, Amarillo (Solo)
1982, 1985, 1986, 1989 William Campbell Contemporary Art, Fort Worth, Texas
1985 "Fresh Paint: The Houston School," Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Houston
1988 February 10–Mary 15, Texas Art: An exhibition selected from The Menil Collection, The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston and Trustees' Collections of the Contemporary Arts Museum. Artists: John Alexander, David Bates, Forrest Bess, Derek Boshier, Jack Boynton, Mel Chin, Ben L. Culwell, Jeff Delude, Chuck Dugan, Vernon Fisher, Joseph Glasco, Roy Fridge, Bert Long, Jim Love, Ken Luce, David McManaway, Melissa Miller, Gael Stack, Earl Staley, Richard Stout, James Surls, Michael Tracy, Bob Wade, Dick Wray, Richmond Hall, The Menil Collection
1989 “Homecoming:a Thumbnail Retrospective”, Texas Christian University, Fort Worth, Texas (Solo)
1990, 1991 Lynn Goode Gallery, Houston (Solo)
1994 Palomar Cafe, Houston (Solo)
1998 David Dike Gallery, Dallas (Solo)
2002 Gerhard Wurzer Gallery, Houston (Solo)
2005 Tomball College, Texas (Lone Star College–Tomball) (Solo)
2006 Redbud Gallery, Houston (Solo)
2007 "Texas Modern," Martin Museum of Art, Baylor University
2007 "Jack Boynton & Richard Stout. Early works in Houston," William Reaves Fine Art Gallery. Houston
2009 "Six Decades of Jack Boynton," William Reaves Fine Art Gallery. Houston (Solo)
2010 "Dear Houston: Paintings on Envelopes by Jack Boynton and Letters to Artists" by Ron Hartgrove, Hartgrove Galleries, Houston, TX (Solo)
Selected major collections
Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York City
Blanton Museum of Art, University of Texas, Austin
Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Houston
Dallas Museum of Art
Wadsworth Atheneum of Hartford, Connecticut
Museum of Modern Art, New York City
Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth
Mountain View College, Dallas
Amon Carter Museum, Fort Worth
New Orleans Museum of Art
Tamarind Institute of Lithography Workshop, Albuquerque, NM
Whitney Museum of American Art, New York City
Butler Institute of American Art
Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art
New Orleans Museum of Art, New Orleans
The Grace Museum
University of Michigan Museum of Art
Oklahoma Art Center, Oklahoma City
(in others as well as many private collections)
List of works
Aftermath '57, oil and sand on canvas, collection Whitney Museum of American Art
Flayed Image, 1959. Oil on canvas 70"x80" framed (70-3/4" x 80-1/2". Private collection
Argonne Forest '69, acrylic on canvas, collection of Oklahoma Art Center, Oklahoma City
Hunchback Rainbow '67, oil on canvas, collection of Mountain View College, Dallas
Injun Country '68, acrylic on canvas, Moody Galleries, Houston
Midnight Cowboy '69, acrylic on canvas, collection of ISD Corp., Houston
Night Watch '67, oil on canvas, collection of Amarillo Museum of Art, Amarillo
Top Of The Beanstalk '68, acrylic on canvas, collection of New Orleans Museum of Art, New Orleans
Mountains '72, oil on canvas, Betty Moody Gallery, Houston
Sequi-Tex Campfire '86, acrylic on canvas. Private collection
Riverbank Encounters 4, '94, acrylic on canvas. Private collection
Insert '05. Private collection
The Red Area, 1959, Oil. Private collection
Teeth, 1967 color lithograph. The Annex Galleries inventory includes works Jack Boynton
(and many others.)
References
External links
James "Jack" Boynton, Inland Lights, 1956. Auction in Artnet.com
James W. Boynton papers, 1951-1984. Archives Of American Art, Smithsonian Institution
Painter and Printmaker James “Jack” Boynton
An interview with Houston artist Jack Boynton, ("Younger Americans Painters, Solomon R. Guggenheim. Young America, Whitney Museum of American Art".) Conducted by Sarah C. Reynolds
James “Jack” Boynton, an artist, teacher and a key figure in the post-World War II
Jack Boynton fine art prices, auction results, auction images
1928 births
2010 deaths
Abstract expressionist artists
Modern artists
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
Artists from Texas
Artists from New York (state)
20th-century American printmakers
People from Fort Worth, Texas
Painters from Texas
Painters from New York (state)
20th-century American male artists
Harry Joseph Swacina (August 22, 1881 – June 21, 1944) was a professional baseball first baseman. Nicknamed "Swats", he played four seasons in Major League Baseball between and .
Career
Swacina began his professional career in with the minor league Memphis Egyptians of the Southern Association. He was playing for the Peoria Distillers of the Three-I League in 1907 when he was picked up by the Pittsburgh Pirates. He was inserted as the regular first baseman in mid-September, replacing the departed Jim Nealon, and batted .200 in 26 games.
Swacina returned to the Pirates in , where he split time at first base with Alan Storke and Jim Kane. In August, his contract was sold to the Louisville Colonels, and he spent the next several years back in the minor leagues, including a stint as player-manager with the Mobile Seagulls in .
In , the creation of the Federal League offered Swacina the opportunity to return to the majors. That season, he served as the regular first baseman for the Baltimore Terrapins. In , he split the first base duties for the Terrapins with Joe Agler.
When the Federal League folded after the season, Swacina again returned to the minor leagues. He continued to play professionally until , a season which he split between the Jackson Senators of the Cotton States League and the Greenville Spinners of the South Atlantic League.
Sources
Major League Baseball first basemen
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Baltimore Terrapins players
Memphis Egyptians players
Colorado Springs Millionaires players
Decatur Commodores players
Peoria Distillers players
Louisville Colonels (minor league) players
Rock Island Islanders players
Harrisburg Senators players
Mobile Seagulls players
Newark Indians players
New Orleans Pelicans (baseball) players
Nashville Vols players
Shreveport Gassers players
Columbia Comers players
Lakeland Highlanders players
Charleston Pals players
Augusta Tygers players
Rocky Mount Tar Heels players
Jackson Senators players
Greenville Spinners players
Minor league baseball managers
Baseball players from Alabama
Baseball players from St. Louis
1881 births
1944 deaths
María del Rocio Antongiorgi-Jordán (born 1967) is an American attorney who is the nominee to serve as a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico.
Education
Antongiorgi-Jordán earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Seton Hill University in 1989, a Juris Doctor from the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico School of Law in 1992, and a Master of Laws from the Georgetown University Law Center in 1994.
Career
From 1995 to 2018, Antongiorgi-Jordán was a partner at McConnell Valdé in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Antongiorgi-Jordán started her career as an attorney in 1995, and later became a Capital Member of the Labor and Employment Law Practice Group. In 2018 and 2019, she was the chief deputy clerk for the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. In 2019, she became chief clerk.
Nomination to district court
On June 15, 2022, President Joe Biden nominated Antongiorgi-Jordán to serve as a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. President Biden nominated Antongiorgi-Jordán to the seat vacated by Judge Gustavo Gelpí, who was elevated to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit on October 19, 2021. On July 13, 2022, a hearing on her nomination was held before the Senate Judiciary Committee. On August 4, 2022, her nomination was reported out of committee by a 14-8 vote. Her nomination is pending before the United States Senate.
References
1967 births
Living people
20th-century Puerto Rican lawyers
20th-century American women lawyers
21st-century American women lawyers
21st-century Puerto Rican lawyers
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Hispanic and Latino American lawyers
Interamerican University of Puerto Rico alumni
People from San Germán, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican lawyers
Puerto Rican women lawyers
Seton Hill University alumni
Palazzo pants (, Indian English: pantada) are long women's pants cut with a loose, extremely wide leg that flares out from the waist.
Palazzo pants are popular as a summer season style, as they are loose and tend to be flattering in light, flowing fabrics that are breathable in hot weather. Silk crepe/crape, jersey, and other natural fibre textiles are popular fabrics for this design. Palazzo pants are less frequently seen during the winter months, but they may be found in wool or heavy synthetic fabrics as well.
History
Palazzo pants for women first became a popular trend in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The style was reminiscent of the wide-legged cuffed pants worn by some women fond of avant-garde fashions in the 1930s and 1940s, particularly actresses such as Katharine Hepburn, Greta Garbo and Marlene Dietrich. During the 1960s, some upscale restaurants resisted modern fashion trends by refusing to admit women wearing pants, which were considered inappropriate by some proprietors. This posed a problem for women who did not want to wear the skirt styles that were then in fashion. Some women opted to circumvent restaurant bans on women in pants by wearing palazzo pants or culottes as evening wear.
Palazzo pants flare out evenly from the waist to the ankle, and are therefore different from bell-bottoms, which are snug until they flare out from the knee. Palazzo pants are also not to be confused with Gaucho trousers, which only extend down to mid-calf length. Harem pants are yet another loose style, but they have a snug cuff around the ankles.
References
1960s fashion
Trousers and shorts
The Saudi Fourth Division is a football league, the fifth tier of the Saudi Arabian football league system. The competition starts in each Region of Saudi Arabia, a total of 74 teams compete to decide the 32 places in the final stage. It is supervised by Saudi Arabia Football Federation.
Since 2010, the winner, runner-up, third and fourth placed in each season are promoted to the Saudi Second Division League.
Change the name of the competition
The Football Association Board of Directors created a new league called the Third Division League, consisting of 32 teams, and divided into four regional groups, starting from the next season 2021-2022.
Finally, at the level of local competitions affiliated with the Saudi Football Association, the federation announced the change of the third division to the fourth division league.
Performance by season
Saudi Third Division (1997–2021)
Saudi Fourth Division (2021–present)
List of champions
Notes
References
External links
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
4
Fourth level football leagues in Asia
Amélie van Assche (1804-?) was a Belgian painter. She was born in 1804, and was the daughter of Henri Jean van Assche. Her sister, Isabelle Catherine van Assche, a landscape painter, was a pupil of her uncle, Henri Van Assche. Her first teachers were Miss F. Lagarenine and D'Antissier. She later went to Paris, where she spent some time as a pupil of Millet. At the opening of the 19th century, the "Art of the Miniature" was cultivated—as expressed at the time—by Hortense van Baerlen, Marie-Josèphe Dargent, and Assche. She made her debut at Ghent in 1820, and in Brussels in 1821, with watercolors and pastels, and some of her miniatures figured in the various exhibitions at Brussels between 1830 and 1848, and in Ghent between 1835 and 1838. Her portraits, which are thought to be very good likenesses, are also admirable in color, drawing, and modelling; and her portrait of Leopold I., which she painted in 1839, won for her the appointment at court. She was a portrait painter and court painter to Queen Louise Marie of Belgium.
References
Attribution
1804 births
Year of death missing
19th-century Belgian women artists
Belgian painters
Belgian women painters
Court painters
Portrait miniaturists
Kurtus gulliveri, the nurseryfish, is a species of fish in the family Kurtidae native to fresh and brackish waters in southern New Guinea and northern Australia. They can be found in estuaries, mangrove swamps, nipa swamps and slow-flowing rivers with high turbidity. This species can reach a length of , although most are far smaller: In a study of its morphology, 159 specimens were examined and the largest was , while the average was . This species is famous for its unusual breeding strategy where the male carries the egg cluster on a hook protruding from the forehead (supraoccipital). Females do not have a hook. It feeds on crustaceans (especially prawn and shrimp), small fish and insect larvae. This species is well regarded as food. The specific name honours a "Mr Gulliver" who collected the type, thought most likely to refer to Thomas Allen Gulliver (1847-1931) who worked on Australia's a post and telegraph services and who lived near the Norman River, Gulf of Carpentaria where he collected natural history specimens and where the type of this species was collected.
References
Kurtidae
Fish described in 1878
Mausam (lit: Weather) is a Pakistan television drama serial aired on Hum TV in 2014. Produced by Momina Duraid and written by Aliya Bukhari, it is based on the theme of love and jealousy. It stars Ahsan Khan, Hareem Farooq and Yumna Zaidi.
Synopsis
Drama shows the relationship between two cousins (Shazia and Saman) who belong to a middle-class family. They live in the same house and are very friendly with each other. Everything changes when they met a rich bachelor named Hashir. The ambitious Shazia starts dreaming of marrying Hashir, but he falls for the modest Saman. This leads to a series of manipulations by Shazia as she tries to win Hashir by keeping him away from Saman. Somehow, Shazia finally got Hashir down on her and able to make him out with her at her place while being already in relationship with Faisal where both are already doing all rough stuff keeping everyone in the dark.
Cast
Ahsan Khan as Hashir
Hareem Farooq as Saman
Yumna Zaidi as Shazia
Humaira Zaheer as Shazia's mother
Annie Zaidi as Lubna
Shazia Naz as Mehreen
Ahsan Farooq
Yasir Mazhar as Faisal
Naila Jaffri as Saman's mother
Accolades
External links
Official Website
Official Facebook Page
Mausam Hum TV's official YouTube
Mausam Hum TV's official Dailymotion
Hum TV's official Video channel
References
Pakistani television series
2014 Pakistani television series debuts
Pakistani drama television series
Urdu-language television shows
Senator East may refer to:
Don W. East (1944–2012), North Carolina State Senate
John Porter East (1931–1986), U.S. Senator from North Carolina
Coccothrinax litoralis, the Cuban silver palm, is a palm which is endemic to Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. litoralis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax argentata.
References
litoralis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
is a train station on the JR West Onoda Line in San'yō-Onoda, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. It is the diverging point between the main and branch lines.
Station layout
The unattended station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks in a Y shaped configuration. The station building is located in between the platforms.
Platforms
History
The station opened on 16 May, 1929.
References
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Robert Shillingford Babcock (July 22, 1915 – September 1, 1985) was an American college professor and politician from Vermont. A Republican, he was most notable for his service in both houses of the Vermont General Assembly, and as lieutenant governor from 1959 to 1961.
Early life
Babcock was born in Evanston, Illinois on July 22, 1915, the on of Oliver and Martha (née Shillingford). He graduated from Evanston High School, then attended the University of Rochester, where he joined the Psi Upsilon fraternity and graduated with an AB in 1937. Babcock was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, played on the football, baseball, and basketball teams, and earned Little All-America honors in football.
He was a Rhodes Scholar at Balliol College of the University of Oxford, from which he received an AB in 1939. He then taught government and politics at Black Mountain College in North Carolina. In 1942, he was hired by the United States Department of the Treasury, and worked in Washington, D.C. as a commercial control specialist. In this role, Babcock was responsible for reviewing applications for foreign business transactions that involved the use of funds that had been frozen by executive order at the start of the war.
He served in the United States Navy during World War II and attained the rank of lieutenant (junior grade). He saw combat in the Mediterranean and Middle East theater. Babcock was discharged at the end of the war and began teaching political science at the University of Vermont. In 1949, he received his PhD from Northwestern University.
Political career
In 1950, Babcock was elected to the Vermont Senate, and he served two terms, 1951 to 1955. He was an alternate delegate to the 1952 Republican National Convention. Babcock was defeated for reelection to his senate seat in 1954, but was appointed secretary of civil and military affairs (chief assistant) to Governor Joseph B. Johnson in 1955.
In 1956, Babcock was again elected to the state senate. He served one term, 1957 to 1959, and was selected to serve as the body's president pro tempore.
Babcock served as the 68th lieutenant governor of Vermont from 1959 to 1961. In 1960, he ran unsuccessfully for the Republican gubernatorial nomination, losing to F. Ray Keyser Jr., who went on to win the general election. In 1964, he was again a candidate for governor, and lost the Republican nomination to Ralph A. Foote.
Later career
In 1965, Babcock was appointed provost of the Vermont State Colleges system. Babcock later served three terms in the Vermont House of Representatives (1975–1981). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1980, and in retirement he was a resident of Arizona. Babcock died in Yuma on September 1, 1985.
Family
Babcock was the husband of Alice-Anne Hanchett Babcock. They were the parents of five children, three daughters and two sons -- Robert Jr., Peter, Ann, Julie, and Martha.
Legacy
The Babcock Nature Preserve in Eden, Vermont is named for Robert and Alice-Anne Babcock. The site contains a bog, three ponds, and 1,000 acres of forest land, and was donated by the Babcocks to the Vermont State Colleges. The preserve is used a laboratory for students of field biology, ornithology, and environmental and natural science, and is maintained by Northern Vermont University.
A collection of Babcock's writings, the Robert S. Babcock Papers, are part of the Jack and Shirley Silver Special Collections Library at the University of Vermont. The Babcock papers include manuscripts for his column in the Burlington Free Press, radio and TV addresses on WCAX Radio and WCAX-TV, and a collection of his writings from his service in the state legislature.
In 2017, Babcock was inducted into the Vermont State Colleges Hall of Fame. Babcock is also a member of the Athletic Hall of Fame at the University of Rochester.
References
External links
Robert S. Babcock at The Political Graveyard
1915 births
1985 deaths
Lieutenant Governors of Vermont
Vermont state senators
Presidents pro tempore of the Vermont Senate
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Military personnel from Illinois
Politicians from Burlington, Vermont
People from Evanston, Illinois
American Rhodes Scholars
Vermont Republicans
20th-century American politicians
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Northwestern University alumni
University of Rochester alumni
Black Mountain College faculty
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Motoro is a god in Polynesian mythology, the tribal god of the Ngariki of Mangaia. He is the son of Tangiia and the brother of Ruanuku, Kereteki and Utakea. While travelling to Mangaia he argued with his two eldest brothers, was thrown into the sea, and devoured by sharks. His spirit then floated to Mangaia on a piece of hibiscus. He was known as i'o ora ("god of the living") because his followers could not be used as human sacrifices.
References
Mangaia mythology
Zernez is a village and a municipality in the Engiadina Bassa/Val Müstair Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Lavin and Susch merged into the municipality of Zernez.
Zernez is a major node in the regional road network, with roads leading into the Upper Engadine and towards Italy, the Lower Engadine and towards Austria, over the Fuorn Pass into the Val Mustair and over the Flüela Pass. Zernez is the center for visitors of the Swiss National Park (Romansh: Parc Naziunal).
History
Zernez is first mentioned in 1131 as Gumpo de Ernece. In 1161-64 it was mentioned as Zarnetz though both references are found in a copy of the document from 1365.
Geography and climate
Topography
After the 2015 merger Zernez had an area of . Before the merger Zernez had an area, (as of the 2004/09 survey) of . Of this area, about 7.8% is used for agricultural purposes, while 35.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.7% is settled (buildings or roads) and 55.9% is unproductive land. Over the past two decades (1979/85-2004/09) the amount of land that is settled has increased by and the agricultural land has decreased by .
Until 2017 the municipality was located in the Sur Tasna sub-district of the Inn district, after 2017 it was part of the Engiadina Bassa/Val Müstair Region. It is located along the Ofen Pass road into the Engadine. It consists of the village of Zernez and the section of Brail.
Lai da Ova Spin is a compensation reservoir on the river Spöl. It is located in the upper areas of the Lower Engadine valley (Romansh: Engiadina Bassa). It is located at an elevation of and is connected to the railway network of the Rhätische Bahn. In Zernez, the stream Spöl empties into the Inn (Romansh: En).
Climate
Zernez has an average of 102.7 days of rain per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is August during which time Zernez receives an average of of precipitation. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 11.4 days. The driest month of the year is February with an average of of precipitation over 11.4 days.
Demographics
Population
Zernez has a population () of . , 18.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 3 years (2010-2013) the population has changed at a rate of 1.14%. The birth rate in the municipality, in 2013, was 8.7 while the death rate was 6.9 per thousand residents.
, children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 20.6% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) are 59.4% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 19.9%.
In 2013 there were 508 private households in Zernez. Of the 282 inhabited buildings in the municipality, in 2000, about 29.4% were single family homes and 38.3% were multiple family buildings. Additionally, about 43.6% of the buildings were built before 1919, while 10.6% were built between 1991 and 2000. In 2012 the rate of construction of new housing units per 1000 residents was 5.22. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 4.03%.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Historic Population
The historical population is given in the following chart:
note: Population increase in 1910 due to railway construction
Languages
Most of the population () speaks (Rhaeto-)Romansh (61.1%), with German being second most common (31.3%) and Italian being third ( 4.4%). The Romansh speaking majority speak the Vallader dialect. In 1880 there were 84% of the population spoke Romansh as their first language, in 1900 it was 79% and in 1941 it was 78%. In 1990 about 81% understood Romansh and in 2000 it was 80%.
Education
In Zernez about 72.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Economy
, there were a total of 653 people employed in the municipality. Of these, a total of 63 people worked in 18 businesses in the primary economic sector. The secondary sector employed 208 workers in 27 separate businesses. Finally, the tertiary sector provided 382 jobs in 88 businesses. In 2013 a total of 5.2% of the population received social assistance.
Criminality
In 2014 the crime rate, of the over 200 crimes listed in the Swiss Criminal Code (running from murder, robbery and assault to accepting bribes and election fraud), in Zernez was 52 per thousand residents, slightly lower than the national average (64.6 per thousand). During the same period, the rate of drug crimes was 7.8 per thousand residents. The rate of violations of immigration, visa and work permit laws was 0.9 per thousand residents, which is only 18.4% of the rate for the entire country.
Politics
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the SVP with 45.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the BDP (25.6%), the SP (9.6%) and the FDP (8.0%). In the federal election, a total of 443 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 58.2%.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 45.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (23.4%), the FDP (20.6%) and the CVP (7.2%).
Sights
Heritage sites of national significance
The abandoned village of Gonda, the Reformed Church in Zernez, the Schloss Wildenberg (Wildenberg Castle), the Palazzo Bezzola and the Richtstätte/Galgen Fuorcha are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
The church was first built in 1367. When the Protestant Reformation entered Zernez in 1553, the church was stripped of all the statues and paintings. Then, in 1609 the old church was replaced with a new baroque building, though the romanesque bell tower of the old church was retained.
The castle was built in the 12th Century but was rebuilt into a baroque castle later. Since 1956 it has served as the town hall.
Other sights
In addition to the four Swiss Heritage Sites of National Significance, Zernez has several other notable sites. These include the gothic catholic chapel of St. Sebastian, the Morenturm, the Swiss National Park and park house, the abandoned tower of La Serra and in Brail, a medieval Reformed church.
The chapel of St. Sebastian stopped being used as a catholic chapel following the Reformation. In 1952 it was put back into service as a chapel. The Morenturm is a medieval tower house in the village. The Swiss National Park, , is the only National Park in Switzerland. It has an area of and is the largest protected area of the country. It was one of the earliest national parks in Europe, being founded on 1 August 1914. The Nationalparkhaus in Zernez is a museum for the National Park. The tower of La Serra was built either in the 13th or 14th Century, though it could have been built as late as just before the Swabian War in 1495. During the Bündner Wirren (or Confusion of the Leagues) it was reinforced and a regiment from Schauenstein was stationed there. After the Confusion, it was abandoned and fell into disrepair. In 1996–98 it was repaired and reinforced.
Transportation
The municipality has four railway stations: , , , and . All four are located on the Bever–Scuol-Tarasp line and between them have with regular service to , , , , and .
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Populated places on the Inn (river)
The 25th Critics' Choice Awards were presented on January 12, 2020, at the Barker Hangar at the Santa Monica Airport, honoring the finest achievements of filmmaking and television programming in 2019. The ceremony was broadcast on The CW and Taye Diggs returned to host for the second consecutive time. The nominations were announced on December 8, 2019. HBO led with 33 nominations, followed by Netflix with 31.
Winners and nominees
Film
#SeeHer Award
Kristen Bell
Lifetime Achievement Award
Eddie Murphy
Television
Films with multiple nominations and wins
The following twenty-seven films received multiple nominations:
The following six films received multiple awards:
Television programs with multiple nominations and wins
The following programs received multiple nominations:
The following programs received multiple awards:
References
External links
25th Annual Critics Choice Awards – Winners
Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards
2019 film awards
2020 in Los Angeles County, California
January 2020 events in the United States
Shane Michael Mott (born 20 March 1985) is an Australian cricketer. Mott is a left-handed batsman who bowls left-arm fast-medium.
Mott made his cricket debut when nine years old for Pitt Town Sports Cricket Club, coached by Harry Stephens. Mott began playing representative cricket for Hawkesbury in the under-14 Moore Shield side which featured future Australian cricketer Steve O'Keefe. He continued to play for Hawkesbury Cricket Club in Grade Cricket, racking up 304 matches (191 in 1st Grade) and 510 wickets (337 in 1st Grade).
In April 2011, Mott made his List A debut as an overseas player for the Netherlands against Yorkshire in the Clydesdale Bank 40, with Mott scoring 50 not out in a Netherlands win. He made eight further appearances during the competition, with his final match coming against Kent in August at the St Lawrence Ground, Canterbury. Mott had a successful tournament, ending it as the competition's leading wicket taker, taking 21 wickets at an average of 15.95, with best figures of 4/29.
During the 2011 season, Mott also played as the professional overseas player for Bangor Cricket Club who play in the North Wales Premier Cricket League. Following his Clydesdale Bank 40 appearance against Kent in August, Mott appeared for Bangor against St Asaph Cricket Club. While coming in to bowl in bad conditions, Mott slipped and broke both his leg and ankle, with Bangor abandoning the match.
On 10 January 2018, Mott announced his retirement from cricket. The following 7 days was a period of mourning for the Hawkesbury Cricket Club and the Greater Hawkesbury area with an outpouring of well wishes on Mott's future endeavours.
References
External links
Shane Mott at ESPNcricinfo
Shane Mott at CricketArchive
1985 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
Netherlands cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
Hardcastle syndrome is a rare genetic disorder on chromosome 9 at 9p22-p21. It affects the long bones. There is a high risk for histiocytoma.
References
External links
Long bones
Rare cancers
Genetic diseases and disorders
Liudmyla Skyrda () (born September 15, 1945, in Kirovograd, Soviet Union) is a well-known Ukrainian poet, scholar, literary critic, specialist in literature, culture expert, translator.
Biography
Liudmyla Skyrda is a well-known Ukrainian poet, scholar, literary critic, specialist in literature, culture expert, translator, member of the Ukrainian Writers Guild, laureate of literary awards named after Andriy Malyshko, Hryhoriy Skovoroda, Volodymyr Vynnychenko, Ivan Koshelivets, Honoured Arts Creator of Ukraine.
Liudmyla Skyrda was born on 15 September 1945 in an employee's family of Kirovograd, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union (in present-day Ukraine). Since 1950 her family has been living in Kyiv, where in 1968 she graduated from Kyiv University.
Her first poems were published in 1962 the newspaper Literary Ukraine and the magazine Dnipro. They were republished by the Ukrainian diaspora in Canada, the United States and Poland. Her first book Expectation was published in 1965.
In 1968 Skyrda entered a PhD programme at Kyiv University. In 1974 she passed her PhD defense of her thesis on the literary creativity of the repressed poet Yevhen Pluzhnyk. Subsequently, she began to work at Kyiv University as a senior lecturer at the department History of Ukrainian Literature.
From 1984 till 1988 Liudmyla Skyrda ran an author's cultural program “Live Word” on Ukrainian Television.
From 1986 to 1988 Ludmila was studying in the doctorate where she finalized a doctoral thesis on Ukrainian poetry.
In 1988 Liudmyla Skyrda went to Vienna, where her husband – Ukrainian diplomat Yurii Kostenko hold rank of the Permanent Representative of Ukraine to International Organizations, soon he became the first Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of independent Ukraine in the Republic of Austria. She began active cultural and creative activity aimed on establishing friendly contacts with the Ukrainian diaspora, Austrian intellectuals and mass-media, delivered lectures on Ukrainian literature, conducted programs on Austrian channel Österreichischer Rundfunk (ORF), devoted to Taras Shevchenko, Lesya Ukrainka, Ivan Franko, Yevhen Pluzhnyk and others. Two separate programmes were dedicated to the creative work of Liudmyla Skyrda. Before long, two volumes of her poetry appeared in German translation – The Day of Soul (1994), The Meditation near the Stephansdom (1994). The presentations of those books, which took place at the Polish Cultural Center, were attended by well-known Austrian and Polish poets, musicians, social and political leaders in Austria and members of the diplomatic corps.
In 1994, her husband was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to Germany and she moved to Bonn, where she continued creative work. There she published two more volumes of poetry, The Elegies of the Rhine (1995) and In the Embraces of Jugendstil (1996), the presentations of which were attended by the artistic community and members of the diplomatic corps of Bonn.
From 1997 to 2000, she lived and worked in Kyiv, where her poems “Ad Astra” and "Rose Angel or Compositions at the Wheel" were published, causing great interest among the press and literary society of Ukraine.
In 2001, her husband was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to Japan, where she moved and where she lived and worked till 2006. During her time there, she published two books in Japanese translation, The Garden of Love and Sun (2004) and The Magic Shell (2004), and one in Ukrainian, Sakura's Dzuihidtsu (2005). She translated into Ukrainian the book To Build Bridges (2004), written by the Japanese Empress Michiko, delivered lectures on Ukrainian literature at Kyoto University and lectures on gender problems of modernity at Sokko Gakai University.
On Japanese television several programs were devoted to work of Liudmyla Skyrda, articles and interviews about her regularly appeared in Japanese newspapers. Presentations of books were held in the major cities of Japan - Tokyo, Osaka, Yokohama, Kyoto.
In 2006 Liudmyla Skyrda returned to Ukraine where she continued to work fruitfully. From 2006 to 2009, her books were published (in the languages of these countries) in the United Arab Emirates (Seventh Heaven), Greece (Hellenic Elegies), Italy (Butterflies and Flowers), Korea (A Shower of Plum Blossoms), and Russia (Birds and Flowers of Four Seasons), where presentations took place and caused a wide resonance in the press of these countries.
In 2009, Liudmyla Skyrda was awarded the Gold Medal (Мedaglia d'oro) of the “Union by Dante Alighieri” (Italy), for significant contribution to the development of cultural ties with Italy and spread of Italian language and literature abroad. On the same year Liudmyla Skyrda represented Ukrainian poetry at the World Arts Festival - Delphic Games on Jeju Island (Korea).
In 2009 Yurii Kostenko was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to China, and Skyrda has been living and working there to the present (2011).
Liudmyla Skyrda is one of the few Ukrainian literary figures widely known abroad.
Her poetry absorbed the impact and European and Oriental cultures, which led to a completely unique poetic phenomenon not only in the context of Ukrainian literature, but literature and of the entire Slavic world. Lyrics of Liudmyla Skyrda were translated into English, Italian, Portuguese, Russian, Polish, Hungarian, Romanian, Finnish, German, Japanese, Korean, Uzbek, Greek, Chinese and Arabic.
Liudmyla Skyrda is an author of more than two hundred scientific articles and critical essays published in Ukraine and other countries.
Portrait of Liudmyla Skyrda wrote famous artists of Ukraine: Grigory Gavrilenko (1964, 1970, 1978), Victor Zaretsky (1966, 1970, 1986), Ivan Marchuk (1979), John Bedzir (1967), Irina Makarova (1978), Nikolai Kompanets (1985 ), Nikolai Rapay (1970, 1975, 1982); sculptural portraits - Max Gelman (1968), Nikolai Rapay (1970, 1980).
In 1966 Liudmyla Skyrda played in the movie by famous Ukrainian poet and director Nicholas Vingranovsky The Coast of Hope (Dovzhenko Film Studios).
Poetry
«Expectation», Kyiv, 1965
«Stairs», Kyiv, 1975
«Wings», Kyiv, 1978
«The Elegies of the Evening Garden», Kyiv, 1982
«Harmony», Kyiv, 1984
«Days and Nights», Kyiv, 1985
«Music for Two», Kyiv, 1988
«The Day of Soul», Vienna, 1991, (ger. lang.)
«The Meditation near the Stephensdom», Vienna, 1994, (ger. lang.)
«The Elegies of the Rhine», Bonn, 1996, (ger. lang.)
«In the Embraces of Ugendstyle», Bonn, 1997
«Ad Astra!», Kyiv, 2000
«Rose Angel or Compositions at the Wheel», Kyiv, 2000
«The Garden of Love and Sun», Tokyo, 2004, (Japan. lang.)
«Build Bridges», Tokyo, 2004, (translation into Ukrainian of a book written by the Japanese Empress Michiko)
«The Magic Shell», Tokyo, 2004, (Japan. lang.)
«Sakura's Dzuihidtsu», Tokyo, 2005
«Solo of the sunny soul», Kyiv-Tokyo, 2007, (eng. lang.)
«Birds and Flowers of Four Seasons », Kyiv-Moscow, 2008, (rus. lang.)
«Hellenic Elegies», Athens, 2009, (Greek lang.)
«Seventh Heaven», Abu-Dhabi, 2009, (Arab. lang.)
«Butterflies and Flowers», Rome, 2009, (ital. lang.)
«Singing of Azaleas», Tashkent, 2009, (uzbek. lang.)
«Rain of Plums», Seul, 2009, (kor. lang.)
Monograph
"Modern Ukrainian Poetry"
"Poet and Warrior"
"Yevhen Pluzhnyk"
"Modern Ukrainian Poem "
Literary awards
named after Andriy Malyshko
named after Hryhoriy Skovoroda
Gold Medal Мedaglia d'oro of the “Union by Dante Alighieri” (Italy)
References
1945 births
Living people
Ukrainian women poets
Ukrainian literary critics
Women literary critics
20th-century Ukrainian poets
20th-century Ukrainian women writers
21st-century Ukrainian poets
21st-century Ukrainian women writers
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv alumni
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv faculty
Writers from Kropyvnytskyi
Christians are a minority in Borno State in Northeastern Nigeria. Christianity has a long history there. The Christian Association of Nigeria opposed the introduction of Sharia.
An Anglican Diocese of Maiduguri exists.
Evangelical Church of West Africa is present in the state.
"Muslim fanatics" burned four churches in Damboa in 2000. Muslims killed at least 65 Christians and destroyed 57 churches in Maiduguri in 2006, allegedly due to the cartoons of Denmark.
Christ Apostolic Church is, among others, present in Maiduguri.
Muslim sect Boko Haram has been accused of hijacking Christians. The Church of Christ in Nigeria and Baptists are present in the state, too.
See also
Nigerian sectarian violence
References
Borno State
Borno
Magyaregregy () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
Sightseeing
The local tourist attraction Castle Máré () is situated on the top of the hill next to Magyaregregy. There is a well marked path to the castle, from the municipal swimming pool just to the South of the village.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Little Moose Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, southeast of Old Forge.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Pushkov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Pushkova. It may refer to
Aleksey Pushkov (born 1954), Russian statesman and politician
Ganna Pushkova-Areshka (born 1978), Belarusian sprint canoer
Nikolay Pushkov (1903-1981), Soviet scientist
Sergei Pushkov (born 1964), Russian ice hockey player
Russian-language surnames
The 1991–92 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the 13th World Cup season in ski jumping and the 2nd official World Cup season in ski flying. It began in Thunder Bay, Canada on 1 December 1991 and finished in Planica, Slovenia on 29 March 1992. The individual World Cup was won by Toni Nieminen and Nations Cup by Austria.
Lower competitive circuit this season included the Europa/Continental Cup.
Map of world cup hosts
All 16 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Event in Falun canceled. Oberstdorf hosted ski flying event and four hills tournament.
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
World Cup & Ski Flying World Championships
Calendar
Men
Men's team
Standings
Overall
Ski Flying
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
LHS 2924, also commonly known as LP 271-25, is an extremely small and dim ultra-cool red dwarf located in the constellation of Boötes, about 35.85 light years from the Sun. It is very challenging to see LHS 2924 from Earth, because it is so extremely faint, having an apparent magnitude in the visible spectrum of only +19.35. Due to its faintness, it was only discovered in 1983, and it was the least massive star known at the time of its discovery, being smaller and less luminous than VB 10, which was before LHS 2924's discovery the least massive and luminous star known. LHS 2924 is the primary standard for the M9V spectral class.
See also
2MASS J0523-1403
EBLM J0555-57
References
M-type main-sequence stars
Boötes
3849
Vincenzo Vinciguerra (born 3 January 1949) is an Italian neo-fascist activist, a former member of the Avanguardia Nazionale ("National Vanguard") and Ordine Nuovo ("New Order"). He is currently serving a life-sentence for the murder of three Carabinieri by a car bomb in Peteano in 1972. The investigation in this previously unsolved affair by prosecutor Felice Casson led to the revelation of "Gladio" networks around Western Europe.
1972 Peteano bombing
Following juridical investigations, it has been discovered that the C4 explosive (the most powerful explosive available at the time) used in the 1972 bombing came from a Gladio arms dump located beneath a cemetery near Verona, whose existence was revealed to judges Felice Casson and Carlo Mastelloni by Giulio Andreotti, former Prime minister of Italy. Judge Casson's investigations revealed that Marco Morin, an explosives expert who worked for the Italian police and a member of Ordine Nuovo far-right group, had deliberately provided a fake expertise, claiming that the explosives used were the same that the Red Brigades used. However, Casson demonstrated that the explosives were in fact C4, which was used by NATO. A group of Carabinieri had accidentally discovered on February 24, 1972, an arms dump near Trieste, containing arms, munitions and C4 identical to the one used in Peteano the same year. According to historian Daniele Ganser:
According to Vinciguerra, the 1969 Piazza Fontana bombing was supposed to push then Interior Minister Francesco Restivo to declare a state of emergency.
Testimony concerning the 1980 Bologna massacre
In 1984, questioned by judges about the 1980 Bologna station bomb Vinciguerra said: "With the massacre of Peteano, and with all those that have followed, the knowledge should by now be clear that there existed a real live structure, occult and hidden, with the capacity of giving a strategic direction to the outrages...[it] lies within the state itself...There exists in Italy a secret force parallel to the armed forces, composed of civilians and military men, in an anti-Soviet capacity, that is, to organise a resistance on Italian soil against a Russian army...A secret organisation, a super-organisation with a network of communications, arms and explosives, and men trained to use them...A super-organisation which, lacking a Soviet military invasion which might not happen, took up the task, on NATO's behalf, of preventing a slip to the left in the political balance of the country. This they did, with the assistance of the official secret services and the political and military forces.
Vinciguerra explained how the Italian secret services had protected him, helping him to fly away to Francoist Spain.
According to Ganser, Gladio stopped protecting Vinciguerra as soon as he started talking, which permitted his subsequent trial.
Vinciguerra's allegations concerning NATO
Vinciguerra also made this statement to The Guardian: "The terrorist line was followed by camouflaged people, people belonging to the security apparatus, or those linked to the state apparatus through rapport or collaboration. I say that every single outrage that followed from 1969 fitted into a single, organised matrix... Avanguardia Nazionale, like Ordine Nuovo [the main right-wing terrorist group active during the 1970s], were being mobilised into the battle as part of an anti-communist strategy originating not with organisations deviant from the institutions of power, but from within the state itself, and specifically from within the ambit of the state's relations within the Atlantic Alliance." He also appeared and made similar allegations in a BBC documentary on Gladio.
Testimony concerning Chilean general Carlos Prats' 1974 assassination
Along with Stefano Delle Chiaie, Vinciguerra testified in Rome in December 1995 before judge María Servini de Cubría that Enrique Arancibia Clavel, a former Chilean secret police agent prosecuted for crimes against humanity in 2004, and U.S. expatriate DINA agent Michael Townley were directly involved in Chilean General Carlos Prats' assassination in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
See also
Mariano Rumor (in an interview, Vincenzo Vinciguerra declared that he was asked to kill Mariano Rumor)
Years of Lead (Italy)
References
External links
Intervista a Vincenzo Vinciguerra, July 8, 2000, by Gigi Marcucci and Paola Minoliti
1949 births
Living people
Italian neo-fascists
Italian people convicted of murdering police officers
Anobrium rugosicolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Galileo and Martins in 2002. It is known from Peru and Brazil.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2002
Christopher Franklin (born 16 September 1964) is an Australian stand up comedian and former sailor for the Royal Australian Navy. He is most famous for performing the song "Bloke" (a bogan parody of Meredith Brooks' song "Bitch"), which was certified platinum, reached No. 1 on the ARIA Charts and was the twelfth biggest selling single in Australia in 2000. He lives in Launceston, Tasmania.
Early life
Franklin was born in Sydney, and lived from age 3 to 5 on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea. As a young adult, he spent eight years in the Royal Australian Navy as a chef, and was one of seven chosen to cook for the Queen during her visit to Australia in the 1980s. After this, Franklin quit the navy to take ten years off to travel Australia.
Entertainment career
Comedy career
Franklin has been performing comedy since October 1997. His accomplishments include:
PBS Radio Golden Stom Award for Best Up & Coming Comedian
National Triple J Raw Comedy winner for Best New Comedian
Grand Finalist National Green Faces competition in Canberra
Third prize - The Comedy Hotel Sydney's "Night of Nights"
Franklin has performed with numerous musicians and comedians, including Jimeoin, Steady Eddy, Garry Who, Carl Barron, Richard Stubbs, Elliot Goblet, Raymond J Bartholomew, Marty Fields, The Empty Pockets, John Robertson, Peter Rowsthorn, Bob Franklin, Stevie Starr, and Mr Methane.
During 2001, Franklin toured extensively with Steady Eddy in their live show Guess Who's Pissed. Franklin has also toured with The Radiators across Australia.
In 2006 a DVD was released called "Let bogans be bogans". It contains Chris Franklin's standup routine and video clips of his parody songs.
Music
Franklin's first CD single, "Bloke", a parody of Meredith Brooks' song "Bitch", was released on 31 January 2000 through EMI Music Australia. The song reached number fifteen on the charts in its first week in and subsequently achieved number one and platinum status with more than 120,000 sales. "Bloke" was the third highest selling single by an Australian artist of that year. The song was nominated in two categories at the ARIA Music Awards of 2000; namely, "Best Comedy Release" and "Highest Selling Single".
Franklin released a second single entitled "Mullet Head", a parody of the hit single "Gimme Head" by The Radiators, who perform live on the single. "Mullet Head" was nominated for "Best Comedy Release" at the ARIA Music Awards of 2001.
In 2006, Franklin contributed the song " " as the B-side to the Freedom of Thought single "Green and Gold (Song for the Socceroos)", which peaked at number 26 on the ARIA charts.
On 7 April 2020, Franklin released the single "Stay the F*** at home" with supergroup "Chris Franklin & The Isolators" in collaboration with various Australian music artists in response to the Coronavirus pandemic.
Albums
Singles
Television
Franklin has also appeared on television, including:
Hit & Run (Comedychannel)
Good News Week
Live and Kicking (Channel 7 Melb)
Recovery
ABC Raw Comedy Special
Channel 31 (Melb)
Pizza (Fat Pizza) (SBS)
Housos (SBS)
The Footy Show (NRL) (Nine Network)
The Footy Show (AFL) (Nine Network)
Headliners (Foxtel)
Bogan Hunters (7mate)
Radio
Franklin is a regular guest on Zinc 100.7 Rockshow with Wildy.
Awards and nominations
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. They commenced in 1987.
!
|-
|rowspan="2"|2000
|rowspan="2"| "Bloke"
| ARIA Award for Highest Selling Single
|
|rowspan="2"|
|-
| ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release
|
|-
|2001
| "Mullet Head"
| Best Comedy Release
|
|
|-
References
1964 births
Australian male comedians
Royal Australian Navy sailors
Living people
Zatrephes irrorata is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
The spectacled longbill, dwarf longbill, plumed longbill or dwarf honeyeater (Oedistoma iliolophus) is a species of bird in the family Melanocharitidae.
It is found in New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
dwarf longbill
Birds of New Guinea
spectacled longbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
Jong Ajax () (English: Young Ajax), also referred to as Ajax II or Ajax 2 is a Dutch association football team, the reserve team of Ajax. It is based in Amsterdam and competes in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.
History
Jong Ajax (formerly more commonly known as Ajax 2) is the reserve team of AFC Ajax. The team is composed mostly of professional footballers, who are often recent graduates from the highest youth level (Ajax A1), serving their first professional contract as a reserve, or players who are otherwise unable to play in the first team.
Since 1992 Jong Ajax have competed in the Beloften Eredivisie, competing against other reserve teams such as Jong PSV, Jong FC Groningen or Jong AZ. It has won the Beloften Eredivisie title a record eight times, as well as the KNVB Reserve Cup three times, making it the most successful reserve squad in the Netherlands. By winning the Beloften Eredivisie title, Jong Ajax were able to qualify for the actual KNVB Cup, even advancing to the semi-finals on three occasions. Its best result in the Dutch Cup was under manager Jan Olde Riekerink in 2001–02, when a semi-final loss to FC Utrecht in a Penalty shoot-out after extra time, which saw Utrecht advance, and thus preventing an Ajax vs. Jong Ajax Dutch Cup final.
The 2013–14 season marked the Jupiler League debut of the AFC Ajax reserves' squad Jong Ajax. Previously playing in the Beloften Eredivisie (a separate league for reserve teams, not included in the Dutch professional or amateur league structure) players were allowed to move around freely between the reserve team and the first team during the course of the season. This is no longer the case as Jong Ajax now registers and fields a separate squad from that of Ajax first team for the Eerste Divisie, the second tier of professional football in the Netherlands. Its home matches are played at Sportpark De Toekomst, except for the occasional match in the Amsterdam Arena. The only period in which players are able to move between squads is during the transfer windows, unless the player has made less than 15 appearances for the first team, then he is still eligible to appear in both first team and second team matches during the course of the season. Furthermore, the team is not eligible for promotion to the Eredivisie or to participate in the KNVB Cup. Jong Ajax was joined in the Eerste Divisie by Jong FC Twente and Jong PSV, reserve teams that have also moved from the Beloften Eredivisie to the Eerste Divisie, replacing VV Katwijk, SC Veendam and AGOVV Apeldoorn, and increasing the total number of teams in the league from 16 to 20.
Jong Ajax left the Beloften Eredivisie in 2013, having held a 21-year tenure in the reserves league, and having won the league title a record eight times (1994, 1996, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2009).
Players
Current squad
As of 5 September 2022
Out on loan
Staff
Head coach: John Heitinga
Assistant coach: Michel Kreek
Goalkeeper coach: René Stam
Technical Coach: Gerald Vanenburg
Team manager: Herman Arendse
Physio: Tim Glazenburg
Team physician: Maikel van Wijk
Former head coaches
Aad de Mos
Pieter Huistra
Adrie Koster
Michel Kreek
Alfons Groenendijk
Jan Olde Riekerink
Sonny Silooy
Marco van Basten
Louis van Gaal
John van 't Schip
John van den Brom
Gerard van der Lem
Hans Westerhof
Aron Winter
Fred Grim
Gery Vink
Marcel Keizer
Michael Reiziger
Mitchell van der Gaag
Honours
Official trophies (recognized by UEFA and FIFA)
National
Eerste Divisie (1): 2017–18
Beloften Eredivisie (8): 1994, 1996, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2009
KNVB Reserve Cup (3): 2003, 2004, 2012
KNVB Amateur Cup (1): 1984
KNVB District Cup (4): 1984, 1987, 1993, 1994
KNVB Raven Cup (1) : 1956
International
HKFC International Soccer Sevens Main Tournament – Shield winners: 2010
Other trophies
Den Helder Maritime Tournament (2): 1996, 2010
See also
Ajax Youth Academy, Youth Academy of the club
References
External links
Dutch information of Jong Ajax/Ajax B
Dutch information of Jong Ajax
Ajax F-Side – ASD / AFCA Supportersclub
Jong Ajax
AFC Ajax
Football clubs in the Netherlands
Association football clubs established in 1992
Football clubs in Amsterdam
Dutch reserve football teams
1992 establishments in the Netherlands
The 2022 Comilla City Corporation election was an election in Comilla, Bangladesh, held on 15 June 2022 to elect the 3rd Mayor of Comilla.
Mayoral election result
References
2022 in Bangladesh
Comilla City Corporation
Local elections in Bangladesh
June 2022 events in Bangladesh
An emergency physician (often called an “ER doctor” in the United States) is a physician who works at an emergency department to care for ill patients. The emergency physician is a specialist in advanced cardiac life support (advanced life support in Europe), resuscitation, trauma care such as fractures and soft tissue injuries, and management of other life-threatening situations.
In some European countries (e.g. Germany, Belgium, Poland, Austria, Denmark and Sweden), emergency physicians/anaesthetists are also part of the emergency medical service and are dispatched together with EMTs and paramedics in cases of potentially life-threatening situations for patients (heart attacks, serious accidents, resuscitations or unconsciousness, strokes, drug overdoses, etc.). An emergency physician is a "Jack of all trades". In the United States, emergency physicians are mostly hospital-based, but they often work on air ambulances and mobile intensive-care units.
When a patient is brought into the emergency department, he or she is usually sent to triage first. The patient may be triaged by an emergency physician, a paramedic, or a nurse; in the United States, triage is usually performed by a registered nurse. If the patient is admitted to the hospital, another physician such as a cardiologist or neurologist takes over from the emergency physician.
See also
Ambulance
Emergency department
Emergency medical services
Emergency medicine
Fellow of American College of Emergency Physicians - professional certification for emergency physicians
Primary care physician
References
American College of Osteopathic Emergency Physicians
American Osteopathic Board of Emergency Physicians
Canadian Association of Emergency Physicians
https://web.archive.org/web/20140413154824/http://www.ibtphem.org.uk/IBTPHEM/Training.html
Emergency medicine
Emergency physicians
An insurance commissioner (or commissioner of insurance) is a public official in the executive branch of a state or territory in the United States who, along with his or her office, regulate the insurance industry. The powers granted to the office of an insurance commissioner differ in each state. The office of an insurance commissioner is established either by the state constitution or by statute. While most insurance commissioners are appointed, in some jurisdictions they are elected. The office of the insurance commissioner may be part of a larger regulatory agency, or an autonomous department.
Insurance law and regulation is established individually by each state. In order to better coordinate insurance regulation among the states and territories, insurance commissioners are members of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC).
Duties and powers of insurance commissioners
The purpose of insurance commissioners is to maintain fair pricing for insurance products, protect the solvency of insurance companies, prevent unfair practices by insurance companies, and ensure availability of insurance coverage. In order to accomplish these goals, each state grants several powers to insurance commissioners and their offices, including:
Approval of insurance rates
Periodical financial examinations of insurers
Licensing of companies, agencies, agents, and brokers
Monitoring and regulating claims handling
List of current insurance commissioners
, the various insurance commissioners are:
References
The 1619 Project: A New Origin Story is a 2021 anthology of essays and poetry, published by Random House's One World imprint on November 16, 2021. It is a book-length expansion of the essays presented in the 1619 Project issue of The New York Times Magazine in August 2019. The book was created by Nikole Hannah-Jones and The New York Times Magazine, and is edited by Hannah-Jones, Caitlin Roper, Ilena Silverman and Jake Silverstein.
Contents
Preface: "Origins" by Nikole Hannah-Jones
"The White Lion", poem by Claudia Rankine
"Democracy" by Nikole Hannah-Jones
"Daughters of Azimuth", poem by Nikky Finney
"Loving Me", poem by Vievee Francis
"Race" by Dorothy Roberts
"Conjured", poem by Honorée Fanonne Jeffers
"A Ghazalled Sentence After "My People...Hold On" by Eddie Kendricks and the Negro Act of 1740", poem by Terrance Hayes
"Sugar" by Khalil Gibran Muhammad
"First to Rise", poem by Yusef Komunyakaa
"proof [dear Phillis]", poem by Eve L. Ewing
"Fear" by Leslie Alexander and Michelle Alexander
"Freedom Is Not for Myself Alone", fiction by Robert Jones, Jr.
"Other Persons", poem by Reginald Dwayne Betts
"Dispossession" by Tiya Miles
"Trouble the Water", fiction by Barry Jenkins
"Sold South", fiction by Jesmyn Ward
"Capitalism" by Matthew Desmond
"Fort Mose", poem by Tyehimba Jess
"Before His Execution", poem by Tim Seibles
"Politics" by Jamelle Bouie
"We as People", poem by Cornelius Eady
"A Letter to Harriet Hayden", monologue by Lynn Nottage
"Citizenship" by Martha S. Jones
"The Camp", fiction by Darryl Pinckney
"An Absolute Massacre", fiction by ZZ Packer
"Self-defense" by Carol Anderson
"Like to the Rushing of a Mighty Wind", poem by Tracy K. Smith
"no car for colored [+] ladies (or, miss wells goes off [on] the rails)", poem by Evie Shockley
"Punishment" by Bryan Stevenson
"Race Riot", poem by Forrest Hamer
"Greenwood", poem by Jasmine Mans
"Inheritance" by Trymaine Lee
"The New Negro", poem by A. Van Jordan
"Bad Blood", fiction by Yaa Gyasi
"Medicine" by Linda Villarosa
"1955", poem by Danez Smith
"From Behind the Counter", fiction by Terry McMillan
"Church" by Anthea Butler
"Youth Sunday", poem by Rita Dove
"On "Brevity"", poem by Camille T. Dungy
"Music" by Wesley Morris
"Quotidian", poem by Natasha Trethewey
"The Panther Is a Virtual Animal", poem by Joshua Bennett
"Healthcare" by Jeneen Interlandi
"Unbought, Unbossed, Unbothered", fiction by Nafissa Thompson-Spires
"Crazy When You Smile", poem by Patricia Smith
"Traffic" by Kevin M. Kruse
"Rainbows Aren't Real, Are They?", fiction by Kiese Laymon
"A Surname to Honor Their Mother", poem by Gregory Pardlo
"Progress" by Ibram X. Kendi
"At the Superdome After the Storm Has Passed", poem by Clint Smith
"Mother and Son", fiction by Jason Reynolds
"Justice" by Nikole Hannah-Jones
"Progress Report", poem by Sonia Sanchez
Reception
The book debuted at number one on The New York Times nonfiction best-seller list for the week ending November 20, 2021.
See also
The 1619 Project: Born on the Water
References
2021 anthologies
2021 non-fiction books
2021 poetry books
Books about African-American history
African-American literature
American anthologies
Books about race and ethnicity
Essay anthologies
American poetry anthologies
Non-fiction books about American slavery
One World (imprint) books
Thirteen Colonies
Works about British history
Suhasini Joshi (born 12 July 1947), popularly known by her screen name Suhas Joshi, is a Marathi theater, film and television actress. She is also seen in many Bollywood films. She was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2018 for Acting. She is better known for her role in Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai 2 and Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai 3 as Swapnil Joshi's grandmother. She is currently portraying the role of Shilpa Tulaskar's mother-in-law in Zee Marathi's Tu Tevha Tashi.
Career
Joshi was attracted to the field of acting from her college days where she acted in few plays. Noticing her interest in it, she did a 3-year diploma course in acting from National School of Drama, Delhi where she was trained by noted theater director Ebrahim Alkazi.
Joshi started her career in 1972 with the Marathi play Barrister. Directed by Vijaya Mehta, the play was written by Jaywant Dalvi based on his previously published novel Andharachya Parambya. Joshi played the role of Radha in this play where the lead title role of Barrister was played by Vikram Gokhale. Later on, Joshi starred in various other plays. Her notable plays include Sai Paranjpye's Sakkhe Shejari and Vijay Tendulkar's Kanyadaan. Her role in Kanyadaan was opposite veteran actor Dr. Shriram Lagoo. The play was produced by the Marathi unit of the organization Indian National Theatre. Directed by Sadashiv Amrapurkar, who also played a role in the play, the drama performed more than 200 shows. Later, Joshi co-starred with Lagoo on various plays like Agnipankha, Natasamraat and Ekach Pyaala.
Joshi also performed the Monologue play Smriti Chitre which is based on the autobiography of Lakshmibai Tilak, wife of Reverend Narayan Waman Tilak. The play follows Lakshmibai's journey from a Hindu-Brahmin woman to her adopting Christianity in her husband's footsteps. The autobiography is considered as one of the masterpieces of Marathi literature and has also been translated to English as "I Follow After". Being a monologue, Joshi has worked out 3-4 different voices, including that of males. The play had previously been played by Kusumtai.
Joshi has also worked in various Bollywood film. Some of her notable works were in commercially successful film like Tezaab (1988), Chandni (1989) and Josh (2000). She has also acted in Marathi films like Tu Tithe Mee (1998) and Saatchya Aat Gharat (2004). For her work in Tu Tithe Mee, Joshi has received various awards and has been widely appreciated. Produced by Smita Talwalkar and directed by Sanjay Surkar, the film was adjudged as the Best Feature Film in Marathi at the 46th National Film Awards. In their official citation, the jury also appreciated Joshi's and her co-star Mohan Joshi's works by quoting "Beautiful performance by Mohan Joshi and Suhas Joshi are the highlights of the film."
Apart from her wide long theater and films career, Joshi was also seen in Marathi as well as Hindi television shows. As of 2012, she is seen in the Hindi TV show Khamoshiyaan that airs on Star Plus.
Personal life
Joshi has done her Bachelor of Arts from the University of Pune in the subjects Philosophy, Psychology and Sanskrit language. She is also trained in classical music and has given four examinations (Madhyama) of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya. She is married to Subhash Joshi, who is also a theater artist. She has 2 kids, Sonali Joshi and Saket Joshi.
Selected filmography
Films
Theater
Television
Awards
For her performance in the film Tu Tithe Mee, Joshi was presented with Filmfare Award in the Best Actress in Marathi film category. For the same film and in the same category, she also received the Screen Award in 1999. In 2011, Joshi also received a "Ganga-Jamuna Award" for her works in the Marathi theater. The award is presented jointly by Thane Municipal Corporation and P Sawalaram Smriti Samiti (PSSS). She was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2018 for Acting.
References
External links
Actresses in Marathi cinema
Filmfare Awards winners
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Indian television actresses
Actresses in Marathi theatre
Savitribai Phule Pune University alumni
National School of Drama alumni
Indian soap opera actresses
Living people
People from Thane
Actresses from Maharashtra
20th-century Indian actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Indian stage actresses
Actresses in Marathi television
Actresses in Hindi television
1947 births
The 51st Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1974 Nova Scotia general election, the 50th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 51st General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1978 Nova Scotia general election, the 51st overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 52nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 29th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The 2022–23 season is the 127th season in the history of FC Zürich and their sixth consecutive season in the top flight. The club is participating in the Swiss Super League, the Swiss Cup, the UEFA Champions League, and the UEFA Europa League.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Swiss Super League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 17 June 2022.
Swiss Cup
UEFA Champions League
Second qualifying round
The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 15 June 2022.
UEFA Europa League
Third qualifying round
The draw for the third qualifying round was held on 18 July 2022.
Play-off round
The draw for the play-off round was held on 2 August 2022.
Group stage
The draw for the group stage was held on 26 August 2022.
Notes
References
FC Zürich seasons
Utrecht
2022–23 UEFA Champions League participants seasons
2022–23 UEFA Europa League participants seasons
The Libera Award for Marketing Genius is an award presented by the American Association of Independent Music at the annual Libera Award which recognizes "the most innovative and creative marketing campaign for a project released by an Independent label or artist" since 2012. The category was known as Light Bulb Award in 2012 to 2014.
Winners and nominees
References
External links
Marketing Genius
Demetrius Dante Venable (born 11 October 1947) is an American physicist and professor emeritus at Howard University in Washington, D.C. Over his career, he has specialized in optical physics, and is known for establishing and developing physics programs at multiple historically Black universities.
Early life and education
Demetrius Venable was born in Powhatan, Virginia. His father and mother were raised in Virginia, and his maternal extended family also resides in Powhatan. Venable's father James Venable was a schoolteacher and principal of Pocahontas High School from 1967 to 1975. Pocahontas High School was Powhatan's segregated high school for Black students that served 8th through 12th graders. In high school Venable took courses in mathematics and history and government with his father; however, at the time there were no physics courses offered at the school. While in high school, he attended a National Science Foundation summer program at Norfolk State University in Norfolk, Virginia, where he was introduced to set theory. Venable graduated from Pocahontas High School in 1966.
Venable attended Virginia State College (now Virginia State University), a historically Black college located in Petersburg, Virginia. He participated in ROTC during college. He received his BS in physics in 1970. As an undergraduate in 1968 and 1969, he participated in the Harvard-Yale-Columbia-Intensive Summer Studies Program at Columbia University, where he studied in the intermediate physics lab working on classical physics experiments at the university and worked with professor Lucy J. Hayner. While at Virginia State as an undergraduate, he also worked with physicists Arthur Thorpe and James Davenport, who was the physics department chairperson at the time.
In 1972 he received his MS in physics from American University in Washington, D.C., and in 1974 he received his PhD, also from American University.
Career
After receiving his PhD, Venable worked in the private sector for two years as a Senior Associate Engineer at IBM in Fishkill, New York. He then became an assistant professor of physics at Saint Paul's College in Lawrenceville, Virginia. There, he also helped develop a cooperative physics program with Howard University, where students from Saint Paul's would attend summer courses at Howard. During summers, he completed fellowships with the Air Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) at the Brooks Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, and at NASA Langley, where he began work in remote sensing.
After two years at Saint Paul's, in 1978 Venable was appointed assistant professor of physics at Hampton Institute (which was renamed Hampton University in 1984). At Hampton, he was eventually appointed to full professor and served in numerous leadership roles, including: department chairman; Dean of the Graduate College; Vice President for Research; and Executive Vice President and Provost. He also helped establish Hampton University's graduate program in physics.
In July 1995 Venable joined the faculty at Howard University as a professor and department chair. From December 1999 to July 2000, he also served as the Interim Associate Provost for Research. At Howard, he helped develop the university's interdisciplinary atmospheric science program, and was the Deputy Director of the Howard University Beltsville Center for Climate System Observation, funded by NASA.
Throughout his career, he has participated in various professional organizations, including the National Society of Black Physicists, the American Association of Physics Teachers, and the Virginia Academy of Science, among others.
He officially retired from Howard in 2017.
Personal life
Venable met his wife while attending the Summer Studies program at Columbia University. They have two children.
Awards
American Association of Physics Teacher's Distinguished Service Citation
NASA's Distinguished Public Service Medal
NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory Group Achievement Award
Lifetime Achievement Award Finalist of The Benjamin Banneker Institute (2008)
References
External links
Oral history interview transcript with Demetrius Venable on 12 May 2021, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library & Archives
African-American physicists
African-American academics
20th-century American physicists
21st-century American physicists
Virginia State University alumni
Howard University faculty
American University alumni
1947 births
Living people
Ste. Genevieve Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Ste. Genevieve, Missouri, the first organized European settlement west of the Mississippi River in the United States of America .
History
The cornerstone of this church was laid down on April 30, 1876. The cross was placed upon the steeple on November 1, 1879, with the building consecrated on September 29, 1880. Three-fourths of the cost of church was donated by Odile Pratte Valle, widow of Felix Valle, a grandson of Francois Valle I.
The Catholic faith first came to the Ste. Genevieve area when Jacques Marquette traveled down the Mississippi River in 1673. The parish of Ste. Genevieve was officially started in January 1759 by Jesuits who came from Quebec. Christian and Catholic history in the region goes back at least until the 1750s, although missionary priests from Kaskaskia, Illinois, and across the Mississippi River may have visited the area earlier. It is believed that a church was erected in the area around 1752 or 1754. The earliest marriage record dates back to 1759. The first regular pastor, Jean Baptiste de la Morinie, served from November 10, 1761, until October 15, 1763. The year 1763 was the year of the Jesuit expulsion from French America.
The site of the present church has been used as a church since the 1790s when old log church was possibly moved here to higher ground in 1794. An early stone church was erected on this site in 1835 and consecrated on November 12, 1837. The current church was built around the previous stone structure. The foundations of the previous log and stone churches are still visible in the basement of the present church. The present church was designed by Francis Xavier Weiss, a legendary pastor who served the parish of Ste. Genevieve from 1865 until 1900, and was built in a Gothic Revival style. In 1911, the church was enlarged with the rear wall removed and a hexagonal as aspe and two small transepts erected. The church is linked to a 1925 rectory of American Foursquare and Spanish Colonial style. Commandant Francois Valle II and a few of his family members and pastors are buried below the church nave.
As of 2013, the church serves about 1,100 families and has about two dozen relics. One relic belonged to Ste. Genevieve, the patron of Paris, and was placed around the neck of her statue inside the church. Between Christmas Eve 2012 and January 4, 2013, some saints' relics were stolen from the church. Afterwards, the relic of Ste. Genevieve was moved to a more secure location.
References
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
French-American history
Gothic Revival church buildings in Missouri
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1880
Churches in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis
Buildings and structures in Ste. Genevieve County, Missouri
Al-Karak () is a Syrian village in Daraa District in Daraa Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Al-Karak had a population of 10,510 in the 2004 census.
History
In 1596, Al-Karak appeared in the Ottoman tax registers as Karak al-Bataniyya'''; part of the nahiya of Bani Malik al-Asraf'' in the Hauran Sanjak. It had an entirely Muslim population consisting of 45 households and 71 bachelors. The villagers paid a fixed tax rate of 40% on various agricultural products, including wheat (10800 akçe), barley (1800), summer crops (4200), goats and beehives (1700), in addition to "occasional revenues"(1500); a total of 20,000 akçes. 5/24 of the revenue went to a waqf.
In 1838, it was noted as "Greek" Christian village, situated "In the Nukrah, South of Eshmiskin".
References
Bibliography
External links
El Karak-map; 21m
Populated places in Daraa District
Villages in Syria
Janet Ruth Bacon (26 October 1891 – 25 January 1965) was Principal of Royal Holloway College, University of London from 1935-44.
Early life and education
Bacon was born on 26 October 1891 in Oxford, Oxfordshire, the daughter of a barrister. She was educated at Oxford High School, an independent school in the city. She studied the Classical Tripos at Girton College, Cambridge, sitting Part I in 1915 and Part II in 1916: women were not allowed to graduate from the University of Cambridge with degree until 1948.
Career
She first taught at King Edward VI High School for Girls in Birmingham during the First World War. She then was a lecturer in classics at Girton College, Cambridge from 1919, and Director of Studies in classics there from 1925 to 1935. In 1925, she published The Voyage of the Argonauts, an authority on the subject. She was appointed as Principal of Royal Holloway College unanimously by the governors as successor to Ellen Charlotte Higgins. The 50th anniversary of the college opening was celebrated in her tenure with a visit from Queen Mary. This was in 1937 as King George V had died in 1936 the anniversary year, a year of Royal mourning.
During the 1940s, she was instrumental in protecting Royal Holloway's Victorian art collection, donated by founder Thomas Holloway. As principal, she opposed the recommendation of a college committee that wanted to dispose of or give away much of the collection, at a time when Victorian art was considered of poor quality.
She was principal during the Second World War when part of the college was occupied by the women's ATS Officer Cadets' Training Unit (OCTU). The stress of war-time forced her to resign on the grounds of ill-health but it was clear that she understood she had failed. One of her last responsibilities was as a member of the Post-War Policy Committee of the college. She disagreed with the majority on the committee and her failure to convince her colleagues added to her sense of failure as principal. One of the proposals agreed was an intention for Royal Holloway College to become co-educational. This later began in 1945 with the admission of men postgraduates and then in 1965 with male undergraduates. She was succeeded in the last year of war by Miss Fanny Street as Acting Principal.
See also
Golden Fleece
References
1891 births
1965 deaths
People associated with Royal Holloway, University of London
People educated at Oxford High School, England
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
Stanisław Feliks Olejniczak (28 March 1938 – 1 February 2022) was a Polish basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He died on 1 February 2022, at the age of 83.
References
External links
1938 births
2022 deaths
Polish men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
People from Zbąszyń
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
Lech Poznań (basketball) players
Ukmergė County (, ) was one of the subdivisions of the Kovno Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the eastern part of the governorate. Its administrative centre was Ukmergė.
Demographics
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Ukmergė County had a population of 229,118. Of these, 72.3% spoke Lithuanian, 13.2% Yiddish, 10.0% Polish, 4.1% Russian, 0.2% German, 0.1% Belarusian, 0.1% Romani and 0.1% Ukrainian as their native language.
References
Uezds of Kovno Governorate
Kovno Governorate
Leslie Frederick Laver (9 December 1900 – 9 January 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the late 1920s and early 1930s.
After five games in his debut season, Laver managed just three more appearances for Geelong, each in different seasons. In the 1940 VFL season he stepped in as caretaker coach of Geelong when Reg Hickey was unavailable and steered them to a win over Footscray and loss to Essendon. In his playing career he had never experienced a loss, playing in winning sides in all but one of his games, the other was drawn. Hickey and Laver had made their VFL debuts in the same match in 1926.
References
Holmesby, Russell and Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
1900 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Geelong Football Club players
Geelong Football Club coaches
1982 deaths
List of conflicts in the British America is a timeline of events that includes Indian wars, battles, skirmishes massacres and other related items that occurred in Britain's American territory up to 1783 when British America was formally ended by the Treaty of Paris and replaced by British North America and the United States.
16th century
1565 Spanish massacre of French Huguenots at Fort Caroline in Florida. This is notable as it is the first conflict between European powers in what is today the United States.
17th century
1609 - 1613 First Anglo–Powhatan War
1622 Jamestown Massacre in which English settlers are attacked by Indians of the Powhatan Confederacy in Jamestown Colony in Virginia
1637 Pequot War in New England
1637 Kent Island Rebellion in Maryland
1641 - 1667 First Beaver War in the Great Lakes region
1643 - 1645 Kiefts War in New Netherland
1644 - 1647 Claiborne and Ingle's Rebellion in Maryland; part of the English Civil War
1644 - 1646 Second Anglo–Powhatan War following Opechancanough's Massacre in Virginia
1655 Battle of the Severn in Maryland; part of the English Civil War
1655 Peach Tree War in New Netherland (Delaware, New Jersey, New York
1659 - 1660 First Esopus War in New Netherland
1659 - 1660 Fendalls Rebellion in Maryland; part of the English Civil War
1663 Second Esopus War in New Netherland
1664 Second Anglo-Dutch War in which the English conquer New Netherland and rename it New York and New Jersey (The war lasts in Europe and elsewhere until 1667.)
1673 - 1674 Third Anglo-Dutch War in which the Dutch re-capture New York, New Jersey, Delaware but return territory to the English after the war
1675 - 1676 King Philip's War in New England
1675 Battle of Bloody Brook
1676 Bacon's Rebellion in Virginia
1677 Culpeper's Rebellion in Carolina
1683 - 1701 Second Beaver War in the Great Lakes region
1689 - 1692 Overthrows of the Dominion of New England and Sir Edmund Andros; part of the Glorious Revolution
1689 - 1691 Leislers Rebellion in New York; part of the Glorious Revolution
1689 - 1692 Coodes Rebellion in Maryland; part of the Glorious Revolution
1689 - 1697 King William's War; related to the Glorious Revolution and the Nine Years' War
18th century
1702 - 1713 Queen Anne's War
1702 Battle of Flint River
1703 Battle of Falmouth
1704 Raid on Deerfield
1703 - 1719 Noncomformists Disturbances in Jamaica, New York
1703 Political factionalism riot in Charleston, South Carolina
1704 Riot of Young Gentry in Philadelphia
1705 Privateersman's riot in New York
1710 Boston Bread riot
1711 - 1715 Tuscarora War
1711 Cary's Rebellion in North Carolina
1711 Dutch Church Riot in Flatbush, New York
1711 Anti-impressment riot in New York
1712 New York Slave Revolt of 1712
1715 - 1717 Yamasee War
1716 - 1729 Natchez Wars
1718 Riotous seizure of records in North Carolina
1719 Anti-customs riot in Newport, Rhode Island
1719 Overthrow of the proprietor in South Carolina
1720 Defeat of the Spanish Villasur expedition in present-day Nebraska by Pawnee (with the possible assistance of the French)
1722 Jailbreak riot in Hartford, Connecticut
1722 - 1727 Dummer's War with the Abenaki Indians in Maine and New Hampshire
1726 Philadelphia riot against pillory and stocks
1730 - 1738 Cresap's War (aka Conojocular War), border conflict between Pennsylvania and Maryland
1734 Riot against ship seizure in Hartford County, Connecticut
1734 Mast-Tree Riot in Exeter, New Hampshire
1736 - 1752 Chickasaw Wars
1737 Anti-prostitution riot in Boston
1737 Anti-markethouse riot in Boston
1737 Anti-Quitrent riot in North Carolina
1738 Fish Dam Riot on the Schuylkill River, Pennsylvania
1739 Stono Rebellion, slave rebellion in South Carolina
1741 New York Conspiracy of 1741, a suspected slave revolt
1739 - 1748 War of Jenkins' Ear with Spain
1742 Battle of Gully Hole Creek
1742 Battle of Bloody Marsh
1742 Philadelphia Election riot
1744 - 1748 King George's War
1745 - 1754 Horseneck Riots, land riots in New Jersey
1747 Impressment riot in Boston
1750 Election riot in York, Pennsylvania
1751 - 1757 Anti-rent riot by tenants in New York
1754 Riot against the surveyor of the woods in Exeter, New Hampshire
1754 - 1763 French and Indian War/ Seven Years' War
1754 Battle of Fort Necessity (Great Meadows)
1755 Braddock Expedition (Battle of the Monongahela)
1755 Battle of Lake George
1756 Battle of Fort Bull
1756 Battle of Fort Oswego (1756)
1757 Battle of Sabbath Day Point
1757 Battle of Fort William Henry, including subsequent "massacre"
1758 Battle of Fort Duquesne
1758 Battle of Ticonderoga
1758 Battle of Fort Duquesne
1759 Battle of Fort Niagara
1757 Riot against the recruitment of troops in Brentwood, New Hampshire
1757 Seizure of longboat of HMS Enterprise by mob in Portsmouth, New Hampshire
1758 - 1761 Cherokee War in Georgia
1759 Anti-land tax riot in North Carolina
1770 Battle of Golden Hill
1763 Pontiac's Rebellion
1763 - 1764 Paxton Boys' Rebellion in Pennsylvania
1763 Wyoming Valley Massacre against Connecticut settlers in Pennsylvania
1764 Pope Day Riot in Boston
1765 Stamp Act riots in Boston, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, and Maryland
1765 - 1771 War of the Regulation
1771 Battle at the Yadkin River in North Carolina
1771 Battle of Alamance which was also fought in North Carolina
1766 Quartering Act riot in New York
1769 - 1771 First Pennamite War between settlers from Connecticut and Pennsylvania in Wyoming Valley of Pennsylvania
1770 Boston Massacre
1772 Burning of the customs schooner HMS Gaspee in Narragansett Bay
1773 - 1774 Lord Dunmore's War
1775 - 1783 American Revolutionary War
1775
Battles of Lexington and Concord
Siege of Boston
Battle of Ticonderoga
Battle of Bunker Hill
1776
Battle of Long Island
Battle of Harlem Heights
Battle of White Plains
Battle of Trenton
1777
Battle of Princeton
Battle of Oriskany
Battle of Bennington
Battle of Brandywine Creek
Battle of Saratoga
Capture of Philadelphia
Battle of Germantown
1778
Battle of Monmouth
Battle of Savannah
1779
Battle of Baton Rouge
Battle of Vincennes
1780
Battle of Charleston
Battle of Camden
Battle of King's Mountain
1781
Battle of Cowpens
Battle of Guilford Court House
Siege of Ninety Six
Siege of Yorktown
See also
List of conflicts in the United States
Classification of indigenous peoples of the Americas
Conflicts in British America
Conflicts in British America
Conflicts in British America
Conflicts in British America
Archips grisea, the gray archips moth or black shield leafroller, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America (including Alabama, Illinois, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Ontario, Tennessee and Texas).
The wingspan is 18–22 mm.
The larvae feed on Carya species.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Moths described in 1869
Archips
Moths of North America
Gastón Ugalde (born 1944) Bolivian artist recipient of the Konex Award in 2002 along with Oscar Niemeyer is called "the most important living Bolivian artist" by the Konex Foundation in Argentina and is also referred as the "Andean Warhol" by art critics. Ugalde is also known as "the enfant terrible" of the Bolivian Art Scene.
"Ugalde is Bolivia's best-known contemporary artist. Born in the city of La Paz, Ugalde is known, despite his decades long career, as the "enfant terrible" of the local art world for the subversive nature, both conceptually and materially, of his artwork. Throughout Ugalde's extensive career, his works span a diversity of media, including painting, photography, collage, installation and performance."
Spanning a half-century career, he is considered a video-art pioneer in Latin America and his work includes performance, painting, sculpture, installation, land-art, photography and printmaking. Since 1972 he has had over 90 solo-shows and over 100 collective exhibitions all over the world. He has represented his home country at important biennales such as Venice (2009, 2001), São Paulo (1978, 1981, 1985), Paris (1982), La Habana (1986, 1999), Bienal do Mercosul (1997, 2015), Trienal de Chile (2009).
Selected exhibitions
2019
Illimani In-situ, curated by Maria Isabel Villagomez
Peru Arte Contemporaneo, PArC 2019 solo show
2018
Choqueyapu solo show Puro Gallery La Paz
Illimani solo show Puro Gallery La Paz
Atemporal, Solo show Manzana 1 Santa Cruz Curated by Cecilia Bayá
2017
Photo London Guest Artist, Somerset house
Lima Photo solo-show
Recent Works, Solo show Salar Galería de Arte, La Paz
2016
Art and Territory - Gallery Kayafas, Boston, MA curated by Arlette Kayafas
Outland – Fabien Castanier Gallery Los Angeles
2015
Bienal 10 do Mercosul - Porto Alegre, Brasil
Altitude Threads - Ministry of Nomands London UK curated by Maria Vega
Rituals et Dependances Galerie Celal Paris
2014
Territorios de la imagen, selection of the Juan Mulder collection, Lima
(un)real Maddox Gallery, London UK Animals in the Walls, London UK curated by Laura Culpan
Paris Photo LA – solo show
Bolivar Hall, London UK
Museo de America, Madrid
2013
I Bienal del Sur, Panama
IX Buenos Aires Photo – Invited artist
Reality Check, MassArt Boston curated by Lisa Tung
Monumental Installation IADB Washington, DC
Smithsonian, American Indian MuseumIntersection
Museum of Latin American Art Long Beach California
Coral Gables Museum, Florida USA
Art-Lima, Perú
Intersections, Museum of Latin American Art Long Beach CA
2012
Art Platform Los Angeles
HFAF – Houston, TX
ART Monaco
Pinta London solo show
Almas de Sal, Mueso Nacional de Arte - La Paz curated by Jose Bedoya
2011
ARTBO Bogota – solo show
Boundaries, Museum of Latin American Art Long Beach California
Houston Fine Art Fair
The Latin American rEvolution, Miami
ART Palm Beach
ARTbeat Washington DC
Miamicito, Dot 51 Gallery Miami
Pinta NY
Modern Panic, London curated by James Elphick
Buenos Aires Photo solo show
Rostros Shamanicos, Galería Christopher Paschall Siglo XXI Bogota
Pinta London
Down and Under - HACS
2010
Saatchi Gallery, London
Villa Hais Museum, Berlin
Museum Am Dom Trier
Siguaraya Gallery, Berlin
2009
53rd Venice Biennale
Trienal, Santiago de Chile curated by Ticio Escobar
2008
Nota Gallery - La Paz
Art Santa Fe solo show, New Mexico
Arteamericas Miami
2007
Bienal de Valencia Valencia
Casa de las Americas - Madrid
2006
Cuerpos Pintados São Paulo
2005
Museo de Arte Moderno La Paz
Necker Island – British Virgin Islands
2004
Museum of Contemporary Art Santiago
La Recoleta Buenos Aires
Cuerpos Pintados Santiago
N Gallery Düsseldorf
Cuerpos Pintados Buenos Aires
2002
Evan Gallery, New York
2001
49th Venice Biennale
1999
XII Bienal de la Havana
1997
I Visual Arts Biennial of MERCOSUR; Porto Alegre
1996
Museum of Contemporary Art, Santiago Chile
1992
Expo Seville '92; Seville
1991
Museum of Contemporary Art, Caracas
1990
Mito y Magia en las Americas: "Los ochenta" MARCO Contemporary Art Museum, Monterrey
1989
II Cuenca's Biennial of Painting; Cuenca
1987
I Cuenca's Biennial of Painting; Cuenca1986 VII Biennial of San Juan; Latin-American & Caribbean Engraving
IV Latin-American Biennial; New YorkI International Biennial of Painting; Miami II Bienal de la Havana; Havana
1985
XVII Biennial of São Paulo; São Paulo Neo-Expressionism de Tres Continentes; Teyler Gallery,
VIII Biennial of Graphics; Cayman Gallery, New York
1984
Neo Expressionism from Three Continents, Teyler Gallery, VA
New Forms of Figuration, Center for Inter American Relations, NY
1983
VI Biennial of San Juan; Latin-American & Caribbean Engraving
1982
XII Biennial of Paris; Paris
1981
V Biennial of San Juan; Latin-American & Caribbean Engraving
1980
IV Biennial of Maldonado; Museum of American Art,.Maldonado
Huntington Art Gallery, Austin, Texas
1979
XV Biennial of São Paulo; São Paulo 1978 I Biennial; Latin-American Art; São Paulo
External links
Official Gaston Ugalde Website
Gallery Representation
References
1944 births
Living people
Bolivian male artists
20th-century Bolivian artists
21st-century Bolivian artists
Antonio de Lanchares (1586/1590-1630/1640) was a Spanish painter, active during the Baroque period, mainly in Madrid and surrounding towns.
He came from a family of painters and jewellers, and was a pupil of Eugenio Cajés. He painted a Jesus in Glory for the Jesuit church. Among his few surviving works is an Ascension of Christ. With Luis Fernandez in 1625, he painted a life of St Peter Nolasco for the convent of the Carmelitas de la Mercedes. In 1627, he was nominated to the post of painter to the king by Vincente Carducho, Eugenio Cajes, and Diego Velázquez, but did not fill the post.
Sources
Artists from Madrid
17th-century Spanish painters
Spanish male painters
Year of birth uncertain
Heroes of the Cross is a 1909 production by the Limelight Department of The Salvation Army in Australia.
Many items from the production were later mistaken as coming from the 1901 film, Soldiers of the Cross.
References
External links
Heroes of the Cross items at National Film and Sound Archive
Australian silent films
1909 films
Australian black-and-white films
Limelight Department films
The Tuckerton Seaport is a working maritime village and museum located in Tuckerton, New Jersey, United States. The site, which opened in May 2000, features 17 historic and recreated buildings connected by a boardwalk, a maritime forest and wetlands nature trail. The seaport, which is a member of the Council of American Maritime Museums, celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2010.
History
The site of the Tuckerton Seaport was built on a formerly-wooded site along Tuckerton Creek, which had long been slated for commercial development. In 1989, plans for a motel, campground, and marina were brought to the planning board. July 1993, Barnegat Bay Decoy and Baymen's Museum opened adjacent to Stanley "Tip" Seaman Park, on a site currently occupied by tennis courts. The Baymen's museum officially announced a revised plan for commercial development on the Tuckerton Creek site, an 11-building village dubbed the "Tuckerton Seaport". However, as planning and development were underway, the plan for the site grew larger than originally proposed.
Developed by the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority, the $11.3 million Tuckerton Seaport project officially opened on May 13, 2000, to a crowd of over a thousand, dedicated by then-governor Christine Todd Whitman and the widow of Jacques Cousteau, among others. However, the village held an unofficial "soft opening" a week earlier. In preparation for the new traffic created by the museum, the intersection of Route 9 and Great Bay Boulevard was redesigned, eliminating the "fork in the road" and the addition of Tuckerton's second traffic light. The nautical-style lampposts seen throughout the seaport were originally located at the former Trump Marina in Atlantic City, but were dismantled and then shipped to Tuckerton to make way for the Atlantic City–Brigantine Connector.
The special edition New Jersey license plate known as "Baymen's Heritage" features an image of the Tucker's Island Lighthouse along with a Canada goose decoy. The plates were introduced in 1998 to benefit the construction of the Tuckerton Seaport; the plates are still available for purchase.
In 2010, the New Jersey Surf Museum opened at the seaport, which documents the culture of surfing in New Jersey as well as displaying of over 300 boards. It is the only surfing museum in the state.
Exhibits
Visitor's Center/Gift Shop - The Visitor Center serves as for Tuckerton Seaport's partner organization, Jacques Cousteau National Estuarine Research Reserve. On the third floor, the "Life on the Edge" exhibit is dedicated to the Barnegat Bay Estuary. The lower floor of the Visitor's Center features the "Walk on the Wildside" exhibit interpreting the four habitats of the Jersey Shore with a three wall mural and taxidermied animals.
New Jersey Surf Museum - Museum documenting the history of surfing in New Jersey, where many rare or collectible boards are on display.
Preserved and recreated buildings
Tucker's Island Lighthouse - The centerpiece of the Tuckerton Seaport, the Tucker's Island Lighthouse was located on Tucker's Island, a former resort community that was destroyed in a storm in the 1920s. It is currently located at the museum's entrance, fronting Route 9.
Skinner/Donnelly & Periwinkle Houseboats - two historic houseboats preserved at the museum
Joe Dayton's Sawmill
Perrine Boatworks - A working boatworks and exhibits on the evolution and history of traditional boat building include vintage and newly constructed Barnegat Bay sneakboxes and garveys.
Parson's Clam & Oyster House - A recreation of the former "Parson's Seafood" building
Jay C. Parker's Decoy Shop - A recreated decoy workshop
Crest Fishery - Scale recreation of the popular LBI pound fishery houses the Pound Fishing in NJ exhibit and interactive fish market.
Hotel DeCrab - Representing the hotel industry during the early years of the Jersey Shore.
Hunting Shanty - The structure is the original building of the Barnegat Bay Decoy and Baymen's Museum, which was moved to its current site in 2000.
Sunny Brae Salt Box - The Salt Box's original structure dates from the early 18th century, but extensive reconstruction and additions to the home were made during the 1960s. The historic building serves as the Tuckerton Boro mayor's office as well as a municipal meeting hall.
Sea Captain's House - A historic Victorian house built circa 1835.
Andrews-Barlett Homestead - Built circa 1699 for one of the original founders of the Tuckerton Community, the Andrews Bartlett Homestead is considered the oldest home in Ocean County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ocean County, New Jersey
References
External links
Museum information
Museums established in 2000
Museums in Ocean County, New Jersey
Maritime museums in New Jersey
Sports museums in New Jersey
Lighthouse museums in New Jersey
Open-air museums in New Jersey
Tuckerton, New Jersey
2000 establishments in New Jersey
U.S. Route 9
Sir William Heygate, 1st Baronet (24 June 1782 – 28 August 1844) was a British politician who served as Lord Mayor of London from 1822 to 1823. He was the first Heygate Baronet of Southend. He was awarded his baronetcy on 15 September 1831 on the occasion of King William IV's Coronation Honours.
He was a Member of Parliament for Sudbury from 1818 to 1826. He also led the public campaign to create Southend Pier. A train on the Southend Pier Railway is named after him. He died in the office of Chamberlain of the City of London, a position he had held since only the previous year.
References
1782 births
1844 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Sheriffs of the City of London
19th-century lord mayors of London
19th-century English politicians
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1818–1820
UK MPs 1820–1826
Sonia Blanco (born 24 April 1973) is a Spanish former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
Spanish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
RedTeleSistema (RTS), is a private television station in Ecuador. The channel is owned by Albavisión. The channel was the first to operate in Ecuador since its inception.
History
What is now RTS was the first television station in Guayaquil. In 1959, José Rosenbaum bought some equipment from his native Germany. After a few experiments the station signed on for the first time on December 12, 1960, running from 5pm to 10pm every evening.
Notable presenters
Paola Cabezas presented the morning show El Club de la Mañana between 2007 and 2009.
References
External links
Television channels in Ecuador
Spanish-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 1960
The Tumlare (lit. Porpoise) is a class of canoe-sterned (or 'double-ended') yacht designed by Knud Reimers. The design dates from the early 1930s (1933 from a majority of sources; No. 1, Aibe was built the next year for Bengt Kinde). The Tumlare is overall; the design was strongly endorsed as a 'very advanced type' by Uffa Fox who was especially interested in the composite method of construction employed, with metal frames interspersed between the timber ones.
The class became popular worldwide. Examples are to be found all round the Baltic, in the UK, North America and Australia. The total number built is given variously from 'At least 200' to 'Some 600', with '660' given in Vanessa Bird's 'Classic Classes'.
As standard, the class carries of sail, however a variant known as the Hocco is a class with the same hull but of sail, conceived for sailing on inland waters, specifically Lake Geneva.
The larger sister class, the 32' Large Tumlare, Stortumlare, or 'Albatross' class is a related design.
References
1930s sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by Swedish designers
Keelboats
Woman's World () is a 1967 war film directed by Alexey Saltykov. The film was a box-office leader in the USSR in the year 1968, fourth place 49.6 million viewers.
Plot
The film is about a simple female kolkhoz farmer, who heads the women of the village during the war and the horror of the Nazi occupation which deprives her of her son, her husband and her home ...
Cast
Rimma Markova as Nadezhda Petrovna
Nina Sazonova as Anna Sergeevna
Alexandra Dorokhin as Marina, wife of Jean
Svetlana Sukhovey as Dunyasha Noskova
Valentina Stolbova as Sophia, the wife of Basil
Svetlana Zhgun as Nastya
Vitaly Solomin as Kostya Lubentsov
Aleksei Krychenkov as Kolya, son of Nadezhda Petrovna
Aleksandr Grave as store manager
Fyodor Odinokov as Vasily Petrichenko
Yefim Kopelyan as Nazi commandant Caspar
Awards
VKF (All-Union Film Festival)
1970 — Diploma and Award for Best Actress (Rimma Markova)
San Sebastián International Film Festival
1968 — Special Diploma for Best Actress (Rimma Markova)
References
External links
Soviet war drama films
1960s war drama films
Mosfilm films
Films directed by Alexey Saltykov
Films based on works by Yuri Nagibin
1967 drama films
1967 films
1960s Russian-language films
Plague is an 1898 painting in tempera by the Swiss symbolist artist Arnold Böcklin, held in the Kunstmuseum Basel. It exemplifies the artist's obsession with nightmares of war, pestilence and death. The painting shows Death riding on a bat-like winged creature, who travels through the street of a medieval European town.
Plague is rendered mostly using shades of pale green, a colour often associated with decomposition. The other predominant tones are black and dull browns; for example, in the clothes worn by the figures shown in the mid and background as they dive for safety before Death's path. The red cloth of the woman shown in the mid-foreground is the only vivid colour seen; she lies across the corpse of a woman who was cut down also.
Sources
Eco, Umberto. On Ugliness. Rizzoli, 2007.
1898 paintings
Symbolist paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Kunstmuseum Basel
Paintings by Arnold Böcklin
Epidemics in art
Paintings about death
Aframomum zambesiacum is a species in the ginger family, Zingiberaceae. Its common name is nangawo. It is native to Kimalila, part of the southern highlands in Tanzania. A. zambesiacum grows in upland and secondary forests, often near water, between altitudes of .
Aframomum zambesiacum is a leafy plant that grows from a short, branched rhizome. The leafy stems grow in clumps up to tall. 20–50 bee-pollinated flowers are borne in heads arising from the base of the shoots. Petals are white with a large crimson patch at the base. The red fruits are oval, long and wide with prominent ridges running from top to bottom. Seeds are shiny and dark-brown.
Notes
References
zambesiacum
Plants described in 1898
Flora of Tanzania
Taxa named by Karl Moritz Schumann
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
Anna Lindholm (born 2 June 1965 in Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish actress.
Filmography
2006 – Frostbiten
2003 - Ramona
2001 – Spökafton
1999 – En häxa i familjen
1998 – Beck – Monstret
1998 – S:t Mikael
1996 – Svensson, Svensson
1995 - Arne Anka - En afton på Zekes (Theatre)
1995 – Tag ditt liv
1994 – Den vite riddaren
1993 – Drömmen om Rita
1992 – Första Kärleken
External links
1965 births
Swedish actresses
Living people
Limbic encephalitis is a form of encephalitis, a disease characterized by inflammation of the brain. Limbic encephalitis is caused by autoimmunity: an abnormal state where the body produces antibodies against itself. Some cases are associated with cancer and some are not. Although the disease is known as "limbic" encephalitis, it is seldom limited to the limbic system and post-mortem studies usually show involvement of other parts of the brain. The disease was first described by Brierley and others in 1960 as a series of three cases. The link to cancer was first noted in 1968 and confirmed by later investigators.
The majority of cases of limbic encephalitis are associated with a tumor (diagnosed or undiagnosed). In cases caused by tumor, recovery can only occur following complete removal of the tumor, which is not always possible. Limbic encephalitis is classified according to the auto-antibody that causes the disease. The most common types are:
Anti-Hu, which is associated with small-cell carcinoma of the lungs.
Anti-Ma2, associated with germ-cell tumours of the testis.
Anti-NMDAR, associated with tumors of the ovaries, commonly teratomata.
Since 1999, following the publication of a case report of a 15-year-old teenager of Indian descent from South Africa who developed subacute memory loss subsequent to herpes simplex type 1 encephalitis, similar cases of non-paraneoplastic LE have been described, as has its association with auto-antibodies and response to steroid. Limbic encephalitis associated with voltage-gated potassium channel antibodies (VGKC-Abs) may frequently be non-paraneoplastic. A recent study of 15 cases of limbic encephalitis found raised VGKC-Abs associated with non-paraneoplastic disorders and remission following immunosuppressive treatment.
Classification
Limbic encephalitis is broadly grouped into two types: paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis and non-paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis.
Paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis (PNLE) is caused by cancer or tumor, and may be treated by removal of the tumor.
Non-paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis (NPLE) is not associated with cancer. More common than PNLE, it is caused by an infection, auto-immune disorder, or other condition that may never be identified.
Symptoms and signs
Symptoms develop over days or weeks. The subacute development of short-term memory deficits is considered the hallmark of this disease, but this symptom is often overlooked, because it is overshadowed by other more obvious symptoms such as headache, irritability, sleep disturbance, delusions, hallucinations, agitation, seizures and psychosis, or because the other symptoms mean the patient has to be sedated, and it is not possible to test memory in a sedated patient.
Cause
Limbic encephalitis is associated with an autoimmune reaction. In non-paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis, this is typically due to infection (commonly herpes simplex virus) or as a systemic autoimmune disorder. Limbic encephalitis associated with cancer or tumors is called paraneoplastic limbic encephalitis.
Diagnosis
The diagnosis of limbic encephalitis is extremely difficult and it is usual for the diagnosis to be delayed for weeks. The key diagnostic test (detection of specific auto-antibodies in cerebrospinal fluid) is not routinely offered by most immunology laboratories. Some of the rarer auto-antibodies (e.g., NMDAR) have no commercially available assay and can only be measured by a very small number of research laboratories worldwide, further delaying diagnosis by weeks or months. Most patients with limbic encephalitis are initially diagnosed with herpes simplex encephalitis, because the two syndromes cannot be distinguished clinically. HHV-6 (human herpes virus 6) encephalitis is also clinically indistinguishable from limbic encephalitis.
There are two sets of diagnostic criteria used. The oldest are those proposed by Gultekin et al. in 2000.
A revised set of criteria were proposed by Graus and Saiz in 2005.
The main distinction between the two sets of criteria is whether or not the detection of a paraneoplastic antibody is needed for diagnosis.
Antibodies against intracellular neuronal antigens
The main antibodies within this group are those against Hu, Ma2, CV2, amphiphysin and Ri. The syndrome of anti-Ma2 encephalitis may be clinically mistaken for Whipple's disease.
Antibodies against cell membrane antigens
The main antibodies within this group are those against N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors (NMDAR) and the voltage-gated potassium channel-complex (VGKC-complex). Anti-NMDAR encephalitis is strongly associated with benign tumours of the ovary (usually teratomata or dermoid cysts). Anti-VGKC-complex encephalitis is most often not associated with tumours.
Patients with NMDAR encephalitis are frequently young women who present with fever, headache and fatigue. This is often misdiagnosed as influenza, but progresses to severe behavioural and personality disturbance, delusions, paranoia and hallucinations. Patients may therefore initially be admitted to a psychiatric ward for acute psychosis or schizophrenia. The disease then progresses to catatonia, seizures and loss of consciousness. The next stage is hypoventilation (inadequate breathing) requiring intubation, orofacial dyskinesia and autonomic instability (dramatic fluctuations in blood pressure, temperature and heart rate).
Investigation
Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)
Examination of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) shows elevated numbers of lymphocytes (but usually < 100 cells/μl); elevated CSF protein (but usually <1.5 g/L), normal glucose, elevated IgG index and oligoclonal bands. Patients with antibodies to voltage-gated potassium channels may have a completely normal CSF examination.
Neuroimaging
Brain MRI is the mainstay of initial investigation pointing to limbic lobe pathology revealing increased T2 signal involving one or both temporal lobes in most cases.
Serial MRI in LE starts as an acute disease with uni- or bilateral swollen temporomesial structures that are hyperintense on fluid attenuation inversion recovery and T2-weighted sequences. Swelling and hyperintensity may persist over months to years, but in most cases progressive temporomesial atrophy develops.
PET-CT is not an essential investigation but can help in suspected cases with MRI negative for early diagnosis.
Neuro-electrophysiology
EEG is mostly nonspecific slowing and epileptiform activity arising from temporal lobes.
Treatment
Limbic encephalitis is a rare condition with no randomised-controlled trials to guide treatment. Treatments that have been tried to include intravenous immunoglobulin, plasmapheresis, corticosteroids, cyclophosphamide and rituximab.
If an associated tumour is found, then recovery is not possible until the tumour is removed. Unfortunately, this is not always possible, especially if the tumour is malignant and advanced.
History
References
External links
Encephalitis
Steroid-responsive inflammatory conditions
In molecular biology, the catalase-related immune-responsive domain is a protein domain found in catalases. This domain carries the immune-responsive amphipathic octa-peptide that is recognised by T cells.
References
Protein families
The "argumentative turn" refers to a group of different approaches in policy analysis and planning that emphasize the increased relevance of argumentation, language and deliberation in policy making. Inspired by the "linguistic turn" in the field of humanities, it was developed as an alternative to the epistemological limitations of "neo-positivist" policy analysis and its underlying technocratic understanding of the decision-making process. The argumentative approach systematically integrates empirical and normative questions into a methodological framework oriented towards the analysis of policy deliberation. It is sensitive to the situative context and the multiple kinds of knowledge practices involved in each stage of the policy process, drawing attention to different forms of argumentation, persuasion and justification.
Overview
The term "argumentative turn" was introduced by Frank Fischer and John F. Forester in the introduction to their edited volume "The argumentative turn in policy analysis and planning", published in 1993, assembling a group of different approaches towards policy analysis that share an emphasis on the importance of language, meaning, rhetoric and values as key features in the analysis of policy-making and planning. As a shift away from the positivistic and technocratic implications of the dominant empirical approach to problem-solving, the argumentative turn tries to offer an alternative perspective towards policy inquiry. Instead of focusing exclusively on empiricist law-like logical inference and causal explanation, the post-empiricist approach highlights numerous forms of social research practices, thereby not disqualifying the search for empirically valid data, but embedding scientific expertise into a meaningful social context. The argumentative approach therefore rejects the assumption that policy analysis can be a value-free, technical project, since it always involves complex combinations of descriptive and normative elements. As a commitment to deliberative and participatory conceptions of democracy, the argumentative perspective also rejects a top-down understanding of governance, testifying to the dynamic exchange between public and private interests and the important role of experts in the complex processes of policy-making. The policy-analyst is no longer concerned with the improvement of political performance, but tries to stimulate the political process of policy deliberation, thereby promoting communicative competences and social learning.
Emergence of the argumentative approach
The argumentative approach towards policy analysis grew out of a disappointment with the prevailing intellectual setting, since the 60s largely dominated by the "rational project" of neo-positivist political science, and its tendency to mask political and bureaucratic interests behind an ideology of science as a value free project. In 1989, Giandomenico Majone published 'Evidence, Argument, and Persuasion in Policy Analysis' that together with Deborah Stone's "Policy Paradox" (1988) and John S. Dryzek's "Discursive Democracy" (1990) became key texts in the formative process of the new argumentative perspective on policy analysis. But it was not until Frank Fischer and John F. Forester proclaimed "The Argumentative Turn in Policy Analysis and Planning" (1993) that argumentative policy analysis became a distinctive approach with a well defined research agenda, which moved language, argumentation and rhetoric to the center of attention. Although other approaches to policy analysis also highlighted the important role of ideas, they tended to conceptualize language only as one variable next to others, thereby neglecting its constitutive role in the construction of social reality. The argumentative approach on the other hand puts a more sophisticated emphasis and a deeper understanding to important aspects of language and discourse in the policy process. Ideas and discourse are not only means for actors trying to achieve particular ends, but they have a force of their own, especially in combination with relations of power, since they both carry knowledge and frame social reality.
Theoretical tradition
Building on Harold Lasswell, founder of the "policy science orientation", the argumentative perspective combines a multidisciplinary approach to policy analysis with an explicitly normative orientation towards democratic values. Therefore, it integrates multiple theoretical perspectives that altogether highlight the importance of language and meaning in the context of social inquiry: British ordinary language analysis, French post-structuralism, Frankfurt school of critical social theory and American pragmatism. On the one hand, the importance of the work of Jürgen Habermas on communicative action and his critique of technocracy and scientism, together with Michel Foucault's writings on discourse and power cannot be overestimated in their contribution of major theoretical elements to the development of the argumentative approach. The contextual orientation towards the situated nature of argumentative praxis, on the other hand, was heavily influenced 1) by the tradition of "ordinary language philosophy", especially the later work of Ludwig Wittgenstein and John L. Austin's speech act theory, and 2) by scholars of pragmatism, like George Herbert Mead, John Dewey, Charles S. Peirce and Richard Rorty. Nonetheless, due to the multiple and dispersed perspectives on language and meaning the argumentative approach tries to articulate, there exist great variations concerning the basic theoretical assumptions (hermeneutics, structuralism/post-structuralism, pragmatism).
Knowledge and deliberative practice
Instead of offering a comprehensive theory of knowledge, the argumentative approach tries to focus on a better description of what social scientist already do. Science is understood as a socio-cultural practice mediated by symbolic systems of meaning, located in historically specific places and communities. Therefore, the argumentative approach rejects neo-positivistic versions of correspondence theory, rather building scientific investigation on a coherence theory of truth, thereby giving voice to the importance of inter-subjective practices of argumentation and deliberation. Every empirical proposition is haunted by factors of indeterminacy, while empirical data only makes sense located in a meaningful context. The argumentative approach therefore tries to develop a richer perspective on political controversies, which cannot be understood to be about raw data, but rather about the conflicting assumptions that organize them. Logical deduction and empirical falsification cannot make sense of a world that is much more complex and in flux, than necessary for the maintenance of the neo-positivist perspective. Therefore, the post-empiricist framework involves a multimethodological approach, that substitutes the formal logic of neo-positivism, with something that Aristotle called phronesis - an informal deliberative framework of practical reason. This conception of reason proofs to be a more accurate response to the forms of rationality exhibited in real-world policy analysis and implementation.
Assembling different approaches
The argumentative turn links different approaches in the field of policy science that altogether put a strong emphasis on the important role of language and meaning:
Argumentative policy analysis (Fischer 2003a, Gottweis 2006)
Participatory policy analysis (Fischer 1990, 2007)
Interpretative policy analysis (Yanow 1996, 2006)
Policy frame analysis (Schön and Rein 1994, Yanow 2006, Waagenar 2011)
Critical policy discourse analysis (Gottweis 1998, Hajer 1995, Wagenaar 2011, Yanow 2006)
Post-structuralist Policy Analysis (Gottweis 1998)
Narrative policy analysis (Roe 1994)
Rhetorical policy analysis (Gottweis 2006)
Communicative policy analysis (Fischer 2007)
Dramaturgical policy analysis (Hajer and Veersteg 2005)
Deliberative policy analysis (Hajer and Wagenaar 2003)
Discourse coalition theory (Hajer 2005)
Critique and reaction
The main critique often pointed against discursive approaches and their focus on narratives, language and deliberation, is that they imply 1) a version of idealism and 2) forms of scientific, moral and political relativism.
Against the first point, the argumentative approach does not deny the existence of a world out there, but rather points to the cognitive limits of scientific inquiry. Whatever the inner nature of the world out there might be, we have no immediate access to it. Our perspective on the world is always mediated by socio-cultural systems of meaning and the cognitive frames that are expressions of our situated knowledge. Discourse operate as conditions of possibility of experience, since they provide reality with meaning and draw a line between the visible and the invisible.
The second point is directed against the contextualism of the argumentative approach, saying that there is no point from which to distinguish the true from the false or the good from the bad, so every perspective is equal to another. But this view from nowhere, where everything has the status of being valid in same way, does not exist for the post-positivist researcher. The perspective of the policy-analyst is always already organized according to a shared horizon of meaning, where she can put herself into the positions of reflective distance, but cannot transcend it. Political actors, social scientists and people doing their everyday business always use specific systems of evaluation and judgment, which are actualized or transformed in the context of their inter-subjective deliberative practices. On the one hand, building on Foucault, discourse has to be connected to the analysis of relations of power, although communicative practises cannot be reduced to mere manifestations of dominance or ideology. On the other hand, sticking to Habermas, the approach makes an explicit normative commitment towards conceptions of deliberative democracy, thereby facilitating dialogical exchange and debate between actors with different interests and perspectives.
Notes
References
Dryzek, John S. 1990: Discursive Democracy: Politics, Policy and Political Science, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. .
Fischer, Frank 1990: Technocracy and the Politics of Expertise. Newbury Park: Sage. .
Fischer, Frank 2003a: Reframing Public Policy. Discursive Politics and Deliberative Practices. New York: Oxford University Press. .
Fischer, Frank 2003b: Beyond empiricism: policy analysis as deliberative practice. in: Hajer, Maarten and Hendrik Wagenaar 2003 [eds.]: Deliberative Policy Analysis. Understanding Governance in the Network Society. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. .
Fischer, Frank 2007: Deliberative Policy Analysis as Practical Reason: Integrating Empirical and Normative Arguments. in: Fischer, Frank/Gerald J. Miller/Mara S. Sidney [eds.] 2007: Handbook of Public Policy Analysis. Theory, Politics and Methods. Boca Raton: CRC Press. .
Fischer, Frank and John Forester [eds.] 1993: The Argumentative Turn in Policy Analysis and Planning. Durham & London: Duke University Press. .
Fischer, Frank and Herbert Gottweis [eds.] 2012: The Argumentative Turn Revisited. Public Policy as Communicative Practice. Durham & London: Duke University Press. .
Gottweis, Herbert 2006: Argumentative Policy Analysis. in: Peters, B. Guy and Jon Pierre 2006: Handbook of Public Policy. London/New Delhi: Sage. .
Gottweis, Herbert 1998: Governing Molecules: The Discursive Politics of Genetic Engineering in Europe and in the United States. Cambridge: MIT Press. .
Hajer, Maarten 1995: The Politics of Environmental Discourse: Ecological Modernization and the Policy Process. Oxford: Oxford University Press. .
Hajer, Maarten 2005: Coalitions, Practices, and Meaning in Environmental Politics: From Acid Rain to BSE, in: David R. R. Howarth und Jacob Torfing [eds.]: Discourse Theory in European Politics. Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan, 297-315.
Hajer, Maarten and Wytske Veersteg 2005: Performing Governance Through Networks, in: European Political Science 4, 340-347.
Hajer, Maarten and Hendrik Wagenaar 2003 [eds.]: Deliberative Policy Analysis. Understanding Governance in the Network Society. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. .
Hall, Peter 1993: Policy Paradigms, Social Learning, and the State. The Case of Economic Policymaking in Britain, in: Comparative Politics 25 (3), 275-296.
Majone, Giandomenico 1989: Evidence, Argument and Persuasion in the Policy Process. New Haven: Yale University Press. .
Marsh, David and Paul Furlong 2002: A Skin not a Sweater: Ontology and Epistemology in Political Science, in: David Marsh and Gerry Stoker [eds.]: Theory and Methods in Political Science. Houndmills: Palgrave Macmillan, 17-41. .
Roe, Emery 1994: Narrative Policy Analysis: Theory and Practice, Durham, NC: Duke University Press. .
Stone, Deborah 1988: Policy Paradox and Political Reason. Boston: Little, Brown. .
Schön, Donald Alan and Martin Rein 1994: Frame Reflection: Toward the Resolution of Intractable Policy Controversies. New York: Basic Books. .
Wagenaar, Hendrik 2011: Meaning in Action. Interpretation and Dialogue in Policy Analysis. London: ME. Sharp. .
Yanow, Dvora 1996: How Does a Policy Mean? Interpreting Policy and Organizational Actions. Washington: Georgetown University Press. .
Yanow, Dvora 2006: Conducting Interpretive Policy Analysis. Newbury Park: Sage. .
Policy debate
Crenicichla is a genus of cichlids native to South America commonly known as the pike cichlids. They are found in most tropical and subtropical freshwater habitats between the Andes and the Atlantic.
Description
The smallest species of Crenicichla (notably members of the C. wallacii species group) are no larger than , and technically qualify as "dwarf cichlids" for the aquarium hobby – though their aggressive and voracious habits should let prospective keepers beware. The biggest pike cichlids can grow to about long. Most Crenicichla measure in the range of . Like many other predatory fishes, a pike cichlid has a wide mouth and elongated body.
Distribution and ecology
The genus Crenicichla is native to freshwater in tropical and subtropical South America east of the Andes, ranging from Trinidad and the Guiana Shield (including the Orinoco), through the Amazon and Río de la Plata Basins, south as far as Río Negro in Argentina. Although widespread as a group, the individual species are often restricted to a single river or river basin. They are found in a wide range of habitats, including rivers, streams, pools and lakes; some species are rheophilic.
The vast majority of pike cichlids are predatory and feed on fish, insects, and other small animals. They usually place themselves where they can stay undetected by the prey, like close to a sunken tree stem or behind a rock. This behavior, as well as the correspondingly adapted shape, which resembles that the unrelated pikes (Esocidae) of the Holarctic, gives the pike cichlids their common name. An exception is C. tapii, which is similar in general appearance to other pike cichlids, but unusual for being gregarious and feeding on periphyton.
Species
There are currently around 93 recognized species in this genus:
Crenicichla acutirostris Günther, 1862
Crenicichla adspersa Heckel, 1840
Crenicichla albopunctata Pellegrin, 1904
Crenicichla alta C. H. Eigenmann, 1912
Crenicichla anamiri P. M. M. Ito & Rapp Py-Daniel, 2015
Crenicichla anthurus Cope, 1872
Crenicichla brasiliensis (Bloch, 1792)
Crenicichla britskii S. O. Kullander, 1982
Crenicichla cametana Steindachner, 1911
Crenicichla celidochilus Casciotta, 1987
Crenicichla chicha H. R. Varella, S. O. Kullander & F. C. T. Lima, 2012
Crenicichla cincta Regan, 1905
Crenicichla compressiceps Ploeg, 1986
Crenicichla coppenamensis Ploeg, 1987
Crenicichla cyanonotus Cope, 1870
Crenicichla cyclostoma Ploeg, 1986
Crenicichla empheres C. A. S. de Lucena, 2007
Crenicichla frenata T. N. Gill, 1858
Crenicichla gaucho C. A. S. de Lucena & S. O. Kullander, 1992
Crenicichla geayi Pellegrin, 1903 (Half-banded pike cichlid)
Crenicichla gillmorlisi S. O. Kullander & C. A. S. de Lucena, 2013
Crenicichla hadrostigma C. A. S. de Lucena, 2007
Crenicichla haroldoi Luengo & Britski, 1974
Crenicichla heckeli Ploeg, 1989
Crenicichla hemera S. O. Kullander, 1990
Crenicichla hu Piálek, Říčan, Casciotta & Almirón, 2010
Crenicichla hummelincki Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla igara C. A. S. de Lucena & S. O. Kullander, 1992
Crenicichla iguapina S. O. Kullander & C. A. S. de Lucena, 2006
Crenicichla iguassuensis Haseman, 1911
Crenicichla inpa Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla isbrueckeri Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla jaguarensis Haseman, 1911
Crenicichla jegui Ploeg, 1986
Crenicichla johanna Heckel, 1840
Crenicichla jupiaensis Britski & Luengo, 1968
Crenicichla jurubi C. A. S. de Lucena & S. O. Kullander, 1992
Crenicichla labrina (Spix & Agassiz, 1831)
Crenicichla lacustris (Castelnau, 1855)
Crenicichla lenticulata Heckel, 1840
Crenicichla lepidota Heckel, 1840 (Pike cichlid)
Crenicichla lucenai Mattos, I. Schindler, Ottoni & Cheffe, 2014
Crenicichla lucius Cope, 1870
Crenicichla lugubris Heckel, 1840
Crenicichla macrophthalma Heckel, 1840
Crenicichla maculata S. O. Kullander & C. A. S. de Lucena, 2006
Crenicichla mandelburgeri S. O. Kullander, 2009
Crenicichla marmorata Pellegrin, 1904
Crenicichla menezesi Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla minuano C. A. S. de Lucena & S. O. Kullander, 1992
Crenicichla missioneira C. A. S. de Lucena & S. O. Kullander, 1992
Crenicichla monicae S. O. Kullander & H. R. Varella, 2015 (Wallace's pike cichlid)
Crenicichla mucuryna R. Ihering (pt), 1914
Crenicichla multispinosa Pellegrin, 1903
Crenicichla nickeriensis Ploeg, 1987
Crenicichla niederleinii (Holmberg, 1891)
Crenicichla notophthalmus Regan, 1913
Crenicichla pellegrini Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla percna S. O. Kullander, 1991
Crenicichla phaiospilus S. O. Kullander, 1991
Crenicichla ploegi H. R. Varella, Loeb, F. C. T. Lima & S. O. Kullander, 2018
Crenicichla prenda C. A. S. de Lucena & S. O. Kullander, 1992
Crenicichla proteus Cope, 1872
Crenicichla punctata R. F. Hensel, 1870
Crenicichla pydanielae Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla regani Ploeg, 1989
Crenicichla reticulata (Heckel, 1840)
Crenicichla rosemariae S. O. Kullander, 1997
Crenicichla santosi Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla saxatilis (Linnaeus, 1758) (Ring-tail pike cichlid)
Crenicichla scottii (C. H. Eigenmann, 1907)
Crenicichla sedentaria S. O. Kullander, 1986
Crenicichla semicincta Steindachner, 1892
Crenicichla semifasciata (Heckel, 1840)
Crenicichla sipaliwini Ploeg, 1987
Crenicichla stocki Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla strigata Günther, 1862
Crenicichla sveni Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla taikyra Casciotta, Almirón, Aichino, S. E. Gómez, Piálek, & Říčan, 2013
Crenicichla tapii Piálek, Dragová, Casciotta, Almirón & Říčan, 2015
Crenicichla tendybaguassu C. A. S. de Lucena & S. O. Kullander, 1992
Crenicichla ternetzi Norman, 1926
Crenicichla tesay Casciotta & Almirón, 2009
Crenicichla tigrina Ploeg, Jégu & E. J. G. Ferreira, 1991
Crenicichla tingui S. O. Kullander & C. A. S. de Lucena, 2006
Crenicichla tuca Piálek, Dragová, Casciotta, Almirón & Říčan, 2015
Crenicichla urosema S. O. Kullander, 1990
Crenicichla vaillanti Pellegrin, 1903
Crenicichla virgatula Ploeg, 1991
Crenicichla vittata Heckel, 1840
Crenicichla wallacii Regan, 1905
Crenicichla yaha Casciotta, Almirón & S. E. Gómez, 2006
Crenicichla ypo Casciotta, Almirón, Piálek, S. E. Gómez & Říčan, 2010
Crenicichla zebrina C. G. Montaña, López-Fernández & Taphorn, 2008
In addition to these, several undescribed species are known.
References
Geophagini
Cichlid fish of South America
Cichlid genera
Taxa named by Johann Jakob Heckel
Anne Fulwood (born 5 February 1959) is an Australian-born former reporter, journalist and writer with a long association as a newsreader and current affairs host, she was born in South Australia's Riverland region and began her career in the state of South Australia.
Career
Fulwood began her television career at ADS-7 (now ADS-10) in Adelaide in 1982 initially as a sports reporter. She became co-news anchor for Seven National News in late 1984 alongside popular presenter Kevin Crease, well-known weatherman Keith Martyn and former football player Peter Marker on sports. In 1987, she moved to Sydney, initially as a sports reporter, with Network Ten. She worked as a weekend news anchor for Eyewitness News as well as a reporter on Sydney with Mike Gibson. In 1991 Fulwood joined Good Morning Australia (breakfast TV) as newsreader, working alongside Kerri-Anne Kennerley and Tim Webster.
Fulwood came to national prominence as anchor of Ten's Late News from 1991 (when she succeeded inaugural host Eric Walters) to 1995.
In late 1995, Fulwood moved back to the Seven Network, initially as the presenter of its late news program and then as co-host on 11 AM, where she remained until the show's final episode in May 1999. Fulwood then moved to presenting Seven News Melbourne with David Johnston from mid-1999 through 2000. Fulwood ended her career for Seven presenting the Late News.
Fulwood briefly plied her trade twice in the United States, doing so at KTVV-TV (now known as KXAN) in Austin, Texas. The first time was a 'news anchor exchange' between her and Tonia Cooke. This was due to the fact Austin and Adelaide are sister cities and were celebrating their sesquicentennial. Fulwood proved to be popular and was brought back a second time, this time co-anchoring with Cooke.
A talented tennis player, Fulwood has presented several sporting events, including Ten's coverage of the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, Canada and Seven's coverage of the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta.
Personal life
She was briefly married to airline executive John MacKinnon.
"News Flash"
The June 1993 issue of the Australian Penthouse Magazine hit the streets on Friday 14 May 1993.
As part of its regular on-going series of full-page caricatures of celebrities, drawn by Frantz Kantor, and known collectively as "Kantor's Celebrity Skins", a cartoon was published on page 33. With the title "News Flash", the caricature depicted an immaculately groomed, blonde female newsreader, quite obviously Anne Fulwood, sitting at her news desk, facing the camera, and completely naked from the waist down, with her legs spread apart clearly displaying her pubic hair and vulva below the desk. Beneath the artwork, in large print, was the caption "Anne Fulwood".
As soon as she became aware of the matter, Fulwood threatened both Penthouse and Kantor with a defamation action.
The matter was settled out of court. Penthouse recalled and destroyed all unsold copies of the magazine and publicly apologized to Fulwood for its offensive treatment of her and the embarrassment it caused her. It also gave her all of Kantor's original drawings, sketches, prints and drafts of the cartoon in question.
Notes
References
http://www.celebrityspeakers.com.au/brspeaker_bio.asp?Speaker_Index_Text=271
http://www.unofficial.com.au/stars-and-shows/anne-fulwood.html
1959 births
Living people
Seven News presenters
10 News First presenters
The siege of Marsal was a battle of the Franco-Prussian War on August 13 to 14 between the French Empire and the combined German forces of Prussia and Bavaria in Marsal Under the command of Lieutenant General Jakob von Hartmann, after replacing the Prussian 4th Cavalry Division, II Corps of the Kingdom of Bavaria forced the surrender of the French Empire's defenses , after a brief resistance by the French troops stationed at the fortress. Marsal fell to the German army in the same period as the French fortresses of Lichtenberg, La Petite-Pierre and Vitry. With the quick victory of the Bavarian army at Marsal, the road from Dieuze to Nancy was open to the Germans. In addition, the siege also brought the Germans a lot of raw materials for the war, as well as hundreds of prisoners (including some officers of the French army).
The Battle
On the day and night of , the 4th Bavarian Division under the command of Lieutenant General Friedrich von Bothmer began his march to La Petite-Pierre. On their way to the heights of the Mecleuves, they were ordered to march through Fort Marsal to Lunéville. Earlier, on 13 August , the Prussian cavalry had reached Marsal, but were unable to force the fortress to surrender and were unable to capture Marsal. Faced with this situation, the forces of the Bavarian II Corps (including reserve artillery forces ) - part of the German Third Army by Prince Friedrich Wilhelm replaced the Prussian cavalry to proceed the blockade on Marsal. On August 14, a German detachment arrived at Marsal. Under the command of Von Bothmer, the Bavarian army opened fire, and agreement was made between the Germans and the French garrison. In the process, a brief German bombardment destroyed a French artillery depot. The German infantry also advanced and took control of a number of fortifications. The German artillery attack influenced the conclusion of the German-French agreement: the French defense at Marsal ended with the defenders of the fortress surrendering to the Germans.
During the campaign of 1870 - 1871, Marsal, along with Lichtenberg, were two French fortresses that fell to the German army after only a shelling. The defenders of Marsal fortress are reported to have fired a single shot when the fortress was besieged by the Bavarians.
References
1870 in France
Marsal
Marsal
Marsal
Marsal
Marsal
August 1870 events
The bar-crested antshrike (Thamnophilus multistriatus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.
It is found in Colombia and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
bar-crested antshrike
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of Venezuela
bar-crested antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Klaus Gattermann (born 8 January 1961 in Zwiesel) is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1961 births
Living people
People from Regen (district)
Sportspeople from Lower Bavaria
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of West Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Paul Karl Maria Harteck (20 July 190222 January 1985) was an Austrian physical chemist. In 1945 under Operation Epsilon in "the big sweep" throughout Germany, Harteck was arrested by the allied British and American Armed Forces for suspicion of aiding the Nazis in their nuclear weapons program and he was incarcerated at Farm Hall, an English house fitted with covert electronic listening devices, for six months.
Education
Harteck studied chemistry at the University of Vienna and the Humboldt University of Berlin from 1921 to 1924. He received his doctorate at the latter under Max Bodenstein in 1926. From 1926 to 1928 he was Arnold Eucken's teaching assistant at the University of Breslau.
Career
From 1928 to 1933, Harteck was a staff scientist at the KWI für physikalische Chemie und Elektrochemie (KWIPC) (Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Elektrochemistry) located in Dahlem-Berlin, where he worked with Karl Friedrich Bonhoeffer on experiments on parahydrogen and orthohydrogen. While at the KWIPC, he completed his habilitation in 1931 at the Humboldt University of Berlin where he also supervised the dissertation of Karl-Hermann Geib who later developed the Girdler sulfide process.
In 1933, Harteck went to do research with Ernest Rutherford at the University of Cambridge. During this time, Rutherford was working on accelerator-driven nuclear fusion, and Harteck was credited in the 1934 paper on the topic.
Upon his return from England in 1934, he became an ordinarius professor and director of the physical chemistry department at the University of Hamburg. From 1937, he was an advisor to the Heereswaffenamt (HWA, Army Ordnance Office). In April 1939, along with his teaching assistant Wilhelm Groth, Harteck made contact with the Reichskriegsministerium (RKM, Reich Ministry of War) to alert them to the potential of military applications of nuclear chain reactions. From that year, his department as a whole did research for the HWA, with emphasis on uranium isotope separation. From 1940, with Hans Suess, his focus was on the use of heavy water as a neutron moderator. In 1941, his department constructed a conversion unit for, then I.G. Farben controlled, Norsk Hydro in German-occupied Norway for the catalytic production of heavy water. The Norwegians were forced to install the plant at their own cost, as their contribution to German war effort. In 1942, with the help of Werner Heisenberg, Harteck circumvented an appointment in Russia. In February 1943, Harteck and his colleague Johannes Jensen suggested a new type of centrifugal isotope separation, which was adopted by the Anschütz Company. Under his supervision Wilhelm Groth conducted the last enrichment experiments with the ultracentrifuge in Celle, a small town 120 km south of Hamburg. In late spring 1945, Harteck was arrested by the allied British and American Armed Forces and incarcerated at Farm Hall for six months under Operation Epsilon. In 1946, upon his return from incarceration, he became director of the chemistry department at the University, a position he held until 1950.
In 1951, Harteck became a resident professor at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York, where he taught until 1968.
In 1937 and 1952, he was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Internal reports
The following reports were published in Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte (Research Reports in Nuclear Physics), an internal publication of the German Uranverein. The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics.
Paul Harteck, Johannes Jensen, Friedrich Knauer, and Hans Suess Über die Bremsung, die Diffusion und den Einfang von Neutronen in fester Kohlensäure und über ihren Einfang in Uran G-36 (19 August 1940)
Paul Harteck Die Produktion von schwerem Wasser G-86 (December 1941)
Paul Harteck Die Trennung der Uranisotope G-88 (December 1941)
Paul Harteck and Johannes Jensen Der Thermodiffusionseffekt im Zusammenspiel mit der Konvektion durch mechanisch bewegte Wände und Vergleich mit der Thermosiphonwirkung G-89 (18 February 1941)
Paul Harteck Die Gewinnung von schwerem Wasser G-154 (26 February 1942)
Paul Harteck and Johannes Jensen Berechnung des Trenneffektes und der Ausbeute verschiedener Zentrifugenanordnungen zur Erhöhung des Wirkungsgrades einer einzelnen Zentrifuge G-158 (February 1943)
Paul Harteck, Johannes Jensen, and Albert Suhr Über den Zusammenhang zwischen Ausbeute und Trennschärfe bei der Niederdruckkolonne G-159
Paul Harteck's Institute Papers, Volume 1-6 G-341
Selected publications
Articles
A. Farkas, L. Farkas, P. Harteck Experiments on Heavy Hydrogen. II. The Ortho-Para Conversion, Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series A. Vol. 144, No. 852, pp. 481–493 (29 March 1934)
M. L. E. Oliphant, P. Harteck, Lord Rutherford Transmutation Effects Observed with Heavy Hydrogen, Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series A. Vol. 144, No. 853, pp. 692–703 (1 May 1934)
Books
K. F. Bonhoeffer and P. Harteck, Grundlagen Der PhotoChemie (Verlag Von Theodor Steinkopff, 1933)
Konrad Beyerle, Wilhelm Groth, Paul Harteck, and Johannes Jensen Über Gaszentrifugen: Anreicherung der Xenon-, Krypton- und der Selen-Isotope nach dem Zentrifugenverfahren (Chemie, 1950); cited in Walker, 1993, 278.
Notes
References
Bernstein, Jeremy Hitler's Uranium Club: The Secret Recording's at Farm Hall (Copernicus, 2001)
Hentschel, Klaus, editor and Ann M. Hentschel, editorial assistant and Translator Physics and National Socialism: An Anthology of Primary Sources (Birkhäuser, 1996)
Schaaf, Michael Der Physikochemiker Paul Harteck (1902–1985) Dissertation (Stuttgart), 1999, published as: CENSIS-REPORT-33-99, Hamburg
Schaaf, Michael: "Heisenberg and Weizsäcker haben sich überschätzt" ("Heisenberg and Weizsäcker overrated themselves"), Interview with Paul Harteck, in: Schaaf, Michael "Heisenberg, Hitler und die Bombe" (GNT-Verlag, 2018)
Schaaf, Michael Schweres Wasser und Zentrifugen: Paul Harteck in Hamburg (1934–1951) 24 July 2003
Walker, Mark German National Socialism and the Quest for Nuclear Power 1939–1949 (Cambridge, 1993)
External links
Annotated Bibliography for Paul Harteck from the Alsos Digital Library for Nuclear Issues
MPIWG – Horst Kant Werner Heisenberg and the German Uranium Project (MPIWG, 2002)
1902 births
1985 deaths
German physical chemists
Nuclear program of Nazi Germany
Operation Epsilon
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute faculty
20th-century German chemists
University of Hamburg faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
The Tokyo Photoelectric Meridian Circle (PMC) is a meridian circle that observes and records the positions of stars and planets, which are then reported in the PMC catalogs.
Meridian circle
The Tokyo Photoelectric Meridian Circle is a fully automated photoelectric meridian circle at the Mitaka campus of the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (formerly of the Tokyo Astronomical Observatory) in Tokyo, Japan. It was manufactured by Carl Zeiss Oberkochen, Germany, and installed in Mitaka in 1982. The telescope is equipped with a double-slit photoelectric micrometer, a photomultiplier with a photon counting device, and a set of filters.
Systematic observations with the PMC began in December 1985 for about 33,000 stars selected from several source catalogs. The results of the observations were divided into sequential groups according to the observation years and reduced into a corresponding annual catalog. Each annual catalog contains the positions of several thousand stars. All of the annual catalogues published up to 1993 are available on request in machine-readable form, either directly from the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan or from the Centre de Données astronomiques de Strasbourg (CDS).
List of catalogs
The PMC catalogues are astronomical catalogues which report the results of observations made with
the Tokyo Photoelectric Meridian Circle.
Tokyo PMC Catalog 85 (PMC85) (CDS ID: I/186)
Catalog of positions of 1007 stars observed in 1985
Tokyo PMC Catalog 86 (PMC86) (CDS ID: I/167)
Catalog of positions of 3974 stars observed in 1986
Tokyo PMC Catalog 87 (PMC87) (CDS ID: I/187)
Catalog of positions of 5748 stars observed in 1987
Tokyo PMC Catalog 88 (PMC88) (CDS ID: I/188)
Catalog of positions of 3800 stars observed in 1988 and planetary positions observed in 1986 to 1988
Tokyo PMC Catalog 89 (PMC89) (CDS ID: I/198)
Catalog of positions of 3866 stars observed in 1989
Tokyo PMC Catalog 90-93 (PMC90-93) (CDS ID: I/248)
Catalog of positions of 6649 stars observed in 1990 through 1993
See also
Carlsberg Meridian Telescope (another 20th century electric meridian telescope)
References
Astronomical observatories in Japan
Astronomical surveys
Astronomical catalogues of stars
The Last Outpost is a 1951 American Technicolor Western film directed by Lewis R. Foster, set in the American Civil War with brothers on opposite sides. The film is character actor Burt Mustin's film debut at the age of 67.
The film earned an estimated $1,225,000 at the US box office in 1951. The Last Outpost had the distinction of being the most successful film for the prolific B movie company, Pine-Thomas Productions. The film was re-released in 1962 by Citation Films Inc. under the title Cavalry Charge.
Plot
In 1862, Confederate Army Captain Vance Britton (Reagan) and his cavalry force are capturing most of the supplies sent East along the Santa Fe Trail before they are able to reach the Union Army outpost at San Gil, Arizona, where trading post owner Sam McQuade (Ridgely) deals with the Apache Indians. Union Colonel Jeb Britton (Bennett), Vance's brother, is sent West to stop the Confederate raids, unaware that his brother is his adversary. When he arrives with only a small detachment of troops, McQuade tries to persuade Jeb to use the Apaches to subdue the Rebels, but Jeb rejects the idea, certain the Indians would kill settlers as well as Confederate soldiers.
That evening McQuade, believing that Jeb rather than Vance is the Britton who was once the fiancé of McQaude's lonely and unhappy wife Julie (Fleming), tries to embarrass them both socially. McQuade angrily tells Julie that she is still pining for Vance and she leaves him. Vance turns the tables on Jeb's attempt to trap the Rebels and humiliates him. Returning to the fort on foot and bootless, Jeb is informed by McQuade that he has persuaded the government to negotiate with the Apaches. Soon afterwards McQuade is attacked and killed by Apaches. Vance finds a letter on McQuade's body that a Union officer is on his way from Washington, D.C. to parlay with the Apache chiefs. Vance waylays the officer and takes his place, discovering that Chief Grey Cloud is actually a disgraced former Army general who married an Apache. Gray Cloud knows the real emissary and Britton admits that he is a Confederate officer trying to keep the Apaches out of the war.
A group of Apaches is arrested for McQuade's murder. Gray Cloud gives Vance 24 hours to free the prisoners as the price of keeping the Apaches from joining forces with the Union troops. Still posing as a Yankee officer, Vance goes to the jail in San Gil, where the jailed Apaches tell him that McQuade was killed for selling them defective guns and tainted liquor. He encounters Julie, who angrily rejects his explanation that he jilted her because he chose the Confederacy. Before Vance can arrange the escape of the prisoners or seize a shipment of gold coin being sent east by stagecoach, Jeb returns from searching for the Rebels and captures his brother. Vance escapes and reluctantly decides to return to Texas.
Grey Cloud, under a flag of truce, comes to San Gil with his warriors and promises to stay out of the white man's war if the prisoners are released, but is killed by a civilian. Vance and his command learn of the ensuing Apache attack, and he orders his men to charge the Apaches and save the town. After the battle, Julie returns to the East, promising to reunite with Vance someday. The brothers shake hands before the Confederates ride away.
Cast
Ronald Reagan as Capt. Vance Britton
Rhonda Fleming as Julie McQuade
Bruce Bennett as Colonel Jeb Britton
Bill Williams as Seargent Tucker
Noah Beery Jr. as Seargent Calhoun
Hugh Beaumont as Lieutnant Fenton
Peter Hansen as Lieutnant Crosby
Lloyd Corrigan as Mr. Delacourt
John Ridgely as Sam McQuade
Burt Mustin as Marshal (uncredited)
References
External links
1951 films
American Civil War films
Films adapted into comics
Films directed by Lewis R. Foster
Films set in 1862
American Western (genre) films
1951 Western (genre) films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Potoki () is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The railway line from Novo Mesto to Metlika runs just east of the settlement. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Potoki at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
In the 1976–77 season, MC Alger is competing in the National 1 for the 12th season, as well as the Algerian Cup. It is their 9th consecutive season in the top flight of Algerian football. They will be competing in National, the Algerian Cup and the African Cup of Champions.
Squad list
Players and squad numbers last updated on 18 November 1976.Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overview
Championnat National
League table
Results by round
Matches
Algerian Cup
African Cup of Champions Clubs
Squad information
Appearances and goals
Goalscorers
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted alphabetically by surname when total goals are equal.
Notes
References
External links
1976–77 MC Alger season at sebbar.kazeo.com
MC Alger seasons
Saucier + Perrotte Architectes is an architectural firm based in Montreal, Quebec. The firm was founded in 1988 by architects Gilles Saucier and André Perrotte, and is known for designing institutional, cultural and residential projects.
The firm's portfolio ranges from single family homes, such as Résidence dans les Laurentides, to major institutional buildings, such as the UBC Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Ontario, and the Communication, Culture and Technology Building at University of Toronto Mississauga.
Saucier + Perrotte represented Canada at the Venice Biennale of Architecture in 2004. It has received more than 100 awards for their work, including the RAIC Gold Medal in 2018, and nine Governor General's Medals in Architecture. The firm believes in the symbolic and physical aspect of the architectural setting; merging architecture, landscape, and geology together.
the firm comprises a small team of fewer than 20, with Gilles Saucier as the Design Partner and André Perrotte as the Project Architect.
History
Gilles Saucier and André Perrotte met in the School of Architecture at Laval University in the early 1980s. They both earned their Bachelor of Architecture degrees from the university in 1982. While working together in Montréal for Cayouette et Saia, they decided to start their own practice. In 1988, they founded Saucier + Perrotte Architectes in Montreal, Quebec.
The firm's projects range from small buildings, such as the Guest House in the Laurentian Mountains (2007), to institutional buildings, such as the Communication, Culture and Technology Building for the University of Toronto at Mississauga (2004) and the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Ontario (2004).
In 2004, Saucier + Perrotte Architectes represented Canada at the Architecture Biennale of Venice.
Design Approach
The firm emphasizes the symbolic and physical importance of the architectural setting; merging architecture, landscape, and geology into one. Their designs often depict and capture the nature and mood of what is happening inside, through shapes, materials, and colours.
Most of their projects, such as the Anne-Marie Edward Science Building, UBC Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, have achieved LEED certification.
Projects range from single family homes to neighbourhood redevelopment and master planning, from pavilions, museums, and theatres to residential complexes, from product designs to interior designs.
Founders
Gilles Saucier
Gilles Saucier (born 22, December, 1959 in Ste-Françoise, Quebec) grew up in the countryside, interested and inspired by the nature and trees surrounding him. He previously studied biology in university, however, 2 years in, he switched into architecture. His drawing teacher referred him to an architecture professor, who accepted him on the spot.
Gilles Saucier received his architectural degree from Université Laval in Quebec City in 1982. Saucier is responsible for the overall design of every project. Aside from design, Saucier is an avid photographer. Photography helps refine his approach to architecture.
Since 1989, many universities in North America have invited him to be a guest lecturer and critic, including the University of Toronto, McGill University, University of Montreal, University of British Columbia, University of Seattle, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is currently a course lecturer at the McGill School of Architecture.
André Perrotte
André Perrotte (born 6, June, 1959 in Ste-Foy, QC) received his Bachelor of Architecture at Laval University in Quebec City in 1982. Perrotte is responsible for coordinating the design and construction process steps, as well as managing the dossier of every client. Perrotte works with Saucier to design and communicate information between all design processes. Perrotte manages multidisciplinary teams, from costs to schedules, control to production, and techniques to construction systems. He approaches construction as a contemporary cultural expression.
Perrotte has been invited as a guest critic and lecturer by many Canadian universities, including the University of Toronto, University of Waterloo, University of Montreal, McGill University, and UQAM (University of Quebec at Montreal).
Projects
Complexe Sportif Saint-Laurent (Saint-Laurent Sports Complex)
2017, Montreal, Canada
In collaboration with HCMA Architecture + Design.
The Saint-Laurent Sports Complex is located between the character neutral and horizontally formed Émile Legault School and Raymond Bourque Arena. The Sports Complex design had to physically and visually connect with Marcel Laurin Park (north of the site), and the green band running along Thimens Boulevard.
The two natural environments in the urban context is linked through both steel sculptural buildings. The translucent, white, and prismatic building, contrasts the black, horizontally stretched building, while inviting pedestrians on the Boulevard inside, and providing a passage for the park for the pedestrians. The two volumes give a floating impression to elicit the various activities taking place inside (training, sports, athletics, etc.). The ideas of movement and energy are showcased by the building's composition.
Stade de Soccer de Montréal (Montreal Soccer Stadium)
2015, Montreal, Canada
In collaboration with HCMA Architecture + Design.
Previously known as Miron Quarry, a mining centre, and finally a landfill, the city is now restoring the ecology and environment of the site. The Stade de Soccer de Montréal appears as a layer of mineral stratum, expressed by the roof, from the park's artificial topography. The architect's goal was to bring a spectrum of people together, under one roof, unified by sport.
A continuous roof cantilevers over the plaza entrance, folding down over the indoor soccer field, and reaching to the ground to become outdoor spectator seating for the field. The stadium provides both options of an indoor soccer centre and an open-sky stadium to cater to its users' needs. The stratum is made with a single gesture of Cross-Laminated Timber (CLT) to support the roof. The roof's interlaced beams appear erratic, suspended over the site; however, its density is determined by the areas where more structural support is needed.
Anne-Marie Edward Science Building at John Abbott College
2012, Montreal, Canada
The Anne-Marie Edward Science Building is in the John Abbot College campus, in a rural setting along Lake Saint-Louis.
The design stems from its landscape, with its L-shaped design surrounding an ancient ginkgo tree. The building's form creates a courtyard for the purpose of celebration, protection, and reflection of the tree. In response to the campus layout, the building was orienting southwest, accommodating those who travel to and from its central void. The north façade is clad with COR-TEN steel, relating alongside to the red-bricked historical buildings. Inside, the architects designed the central staircase to be a sculptural and abstracted version of a tree, with branches of stairs spanning into its laboratories, classrooms, and offices. The large atrium allows the landscape to flow through its tall, vertical glazed walls, letting in natural light. The building's glass material palette reflects the surrounding context, with different glass tones of light and dark grey, and white juxtaposing one another.
UBC Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences / CDRD
2012, Vancouver, Canada
In collaboration with HCMA Architecture + Design.
The UBC Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences is in the heart of UBC's campus, designed to act as a gateway for students travelling to the southeast part of the university.
The building design is conveyed through the concept of a tree. The architects designed interconnected meeting spaces to strengthen and promote new methods of individual and collaborative research, for the researchers, professors, students, and the community. Similarly, a tree grows branches that intertwine to create a unified system above the earth. The branch system of the building is represented by floating canopies, hanging over the ground level. With its conceptual tree trunks, natural light permeates through the atria into collaborative spaces. The façade is constructed of glass and steel, while the interior is constructed with wood cladding, cast concrete, white walls, and yellow and black accents.
Scandinave Les Bains Old Montreal
2009, Montreal, Canada
Scandinave Les Bains Vieux-Montréal is situated in Old Montreal and overlooks the Old Port. The building, formally known as a warehouse, was restored half a century ago due to fire damage and now houses an urban spa on its ground level.
The spaces were inspired by the duality of the hot and cold phenomena, with white, glacial volumes contrasting the warmth radiating off the volcanic rocks. The walls, ceiling, and floors are slightly angled to heighten the visitors' awareness with their surroundings. Like natural topography, small slopes are created by the small undulations in the ground, leading to the basins of bathing water. The undulating wood-cladded ceiling continues throughout the spa. Architectural reveals result from the white marbled walls meeting with the warm-coloured wooden ceiling. Natural light glows through the translucent glass in the building's existing openings.
Résidence dans les Laurentides (Residence and Guest House in the Laurentian Mountains)
2007, Montreal, Canada
Near the ski hills of Mont-Tremblant houses this single-family residence and guest house. The Private Residence and Guest House in the Laurentian Mountains contains three main volumes – living, eating, and sleeping. The residence consists of three bedrooms, living areas, a recreation room, a sauna, and a screened outdoor living room.
Within the folded landscape, a private exterior space is created from the north façade and a three-meter-high rock outcrop. Erosion caused the volumes to drift to the side; formally parallel to the residence, the guesthouse slid westwards, separating from the main mass of the home. The design takes on the wooden elements from the site, as well as implementing traditional architectural elements local in the area. Tones of brown, green, and grey, as well as rough wood cladding imitate its surrounding nature.
Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics
2004, Waterloo, Canada
Located on the shore of Silver Lake, North of Waterloo's downtown core, sits Perimeter Institute.
The design is inspired by theoretical physics - information rich and complex in concepts. A large pool to the north of the institute reflects the cantilevered, three-storey series of zinc-and-glass offices. To anodize aluminium south façade contains an abstract pattern of punched windows and polished stainless-steel mechanical grills, reflecting the enigmatic subject of physics. The layout is arranged around two central spaces, the main hall and garden. The main hall provides direct access to all programs, with vertical circulation from the concrete staircases descending along one side of the atrium. Wooden ceilings of lounge spaces contrast the glass and concrete materiality of the atrium.
Communication, Culture, Information and Technology Building, University of Toronto at Mississauga (CCIT Building)
2004, Mississauga, Canada
At the edge of the university's campus, enclosed by a park and a courtyard garden, sits the CCIT building. The building is a place of occupancy, adjacency, and transition, as it creates a linear public circulation space between the Student Centre and the Library.
The concept was to bring the natural landscape through the building, into the courtyard garden, and through to the campus. The fully transparent glazed façade diminishes the line between the interior and exterior. Conceptual strands of landscape are vertically woven throughout the structure, connecting students and spaces together through bridges, ramps, platforms, and staircases. The building provides open and interactive spaces for its occupants, classrooms, and the outside environment.
Jardin des Premières Nations (First Nations Garden-Pavilion)
2001, Montreal, Canada
Within the Montreal Botanical Garden, this outdoor pavilion, built along the primary garden passageway, was built in commemoration of the Great Peace of Montreal of 1701.
The design of the First Nations Garden Pavilion showcases the customs, traditions, and knowledge of the First Nation peoples. The pavilion signifies the connection between site and building, acting as a link between the spruce and maple areas of the forest around it. The thin, undulating, concrete roof shelters the exhibition, restroom, boutique, and office spaces. The pavilion's exterior spaces are integrated into the surrounding environment through the minimal design of vertical surfaces, leaving an open terrain between the building and the site.
Cinémathèque Québécoise
1997, Montreal, Canada
Built into the gap of two existing buildings, the design of the Cinémathèque Quebecoise demonstrates the relationship between the old and new, interior and exterior, and actor and audience.
The “light box” entrance from de Maisonneuve Boulevard explores the qualities of film through its light-weight steel frame structure and illumination. A gridded glazed screen cantilevers over the sidewalk, while laterally extending to the restored, historical, stone and brick façade of its neighbouring building. The lateral extension forms a ramp walkway for people to move through the building. Videos and images are projected onto the translucent segments of the glass screen, for pedestrians to view. Thus, silhouetted images of those walking on the ramp behind the screen are projected onto the glass façade.
Other projects
Awards
The firm has received two International Architecture Awards (presented by the Chicago Athenaeum and the European Centre for Architecture Art Design and Urban Studies), three P/A Progressive Architecture honours (presented by Architecture Magazine), and 9 Governor General's Medals in Architecture (presented by the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada). In 2009, the firm received the RAIC Award of Excellence for Best Architectural Firm in Canada, as well as a 2018 RAIC Gold Medal.
References
External links
Saucier + Perrotte Architectes website
Finding aid for the Saucier + Perrotte fonds, Canadian Centre for Architecture (digitized items)
Architecture firms of Canada
Companies based in Montreal
Węgierki Palace - historic palace in Węgierki (Września County, Poland). Since 1974 national heritage site (Polish: zabytek).
The palace was built in the second half of the 19th century (around 1890) and has elements of neoclassical architecture. This building housed a library and a school. Today the building is divided into apartments. During 2011 and 2012 a renovation of the palace's facade was carried out.
There was a natural park, with an area of about 3.06 ha, established in the 19th century.
Gallery
Sources
Franciszek Jaśkowiak, Województwo poznańskie - przewodnik, Warszawa 1967
References
Gmina Września
Palaces in Poland
Objects of cultural heritage in Poland
Terrick (formerly Terwick) is a hamlet in the parish of Ellesborough, in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located in the north of the parish, where the lane leading to Chequers meets the main road from Stoke Mandeville to Little Kimble.
The hamlet name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means 'Teofer's farm'.
Today the community of Terrick is small, but close-knit. Terrick is the location of the Chiltern Brewery Company, who have operated in the hamlet for thirty years. The hamlet name lends itself to Terrick Truckle a cheese that they produce; and Terrick Beef, traditional English meat produced by a local farmer.
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Sandi Lam is a Canadian pediatric neurosurgeon and is known for her research in minimally invasive endoscopic hemispherectomy for patients with epilepsy. Lam is the Vice Chair for Pediatric Neurological Surgery at Northwestern University and the Division Chief of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Lurie Children's Hospital. She has spent her career advancing pediatric brain surgery capabilities globally through her work in Kenya performing surgeries as well as training and mentoring local residents and fellows.
Early life and education
Lam was born in Hong Kong, and subsequently moved to Toronto, Canada for high school. She attended the University of Toronto Schools for high school and was a student athlete. After high school in Canada, she began her undergraduate degree at Northwestern University in 1994 obtaining a B.A. in biology. She remained at Northwestern University to pursue her medical degree at Feinberg School of Medicine from 1998 to 2002. After graduating from medical school, Lam then decided to pursue a residency in orthopedic surgery, and began her residency training at University of California, Los Angeles in 2002. By 2004, Lam shifted her path towards neurosurgery and began her fellowship in neurosurgery at UCLA. After her neurosurgery training in 2009, Lam began to specialize in pediatric neurosurgery and pursued her fellowship training in pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh. Lam completed her fellowship in 2011, and during this time also obtained her M.B.A. at George Washington University School of Business.
Career and research
In 2011, Lam began a faculty position at the University of Chicago where she served as an assistant professor of neurosurgery. By 2013, Lam was recruited to Texas Children's Hospital where she served as an assistant professor in the Department of Neurosurgery at Baylor College of Medicine. Lam also co-directed the Craniofacial Clinic and joined the Texas Children's Epilepsy Team. She also held a leadership position in the Center for Ethics and Health Policy at Baylor College of Medicine. In 2019, Lam was recruited back to her alma mater, Northwestern University, where she became a tenured professor in the Department of Neurosurgery as well as the Division Chief of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Lurie Children's Hospital at Northwestern. In 2021, she became the Pediatric Neurosurgery Fellowship Director. Lam has been a member at large with the American Association of Neurological Surgeons since 2020.
Minimally invasive endoscopic hemispherectomy and corpus callosotomy
Lam's clinical research focus encompasses pediatric epilepsy surgery and cerebrovascular surgery. She specifically has expertise in surgical innovation in the areas of neuroendoscopy, minimally invasive surgical techniques, and has helped create multidisciplinary patient-centered clinical programs. Her research in neuroendoscopy has led to new surgical treatments for patients with intractable epilepsy to have less invasive procedures. Lam has recently developed a new approach to minimally invasive endoscope assisted hemispherectomy and corpus callosotomy for pediatric patients with epilepsy.
Health care economics and global health
Lam's research program is based on health services research, quality improvement, and data analytics to understand and improve health care utilization and delivery. She conducts comparative effectiveness research for the treatment of epilepsy with a focus on health policy and advocacy for improvements in pediatric health care and access.
Since 2011, Lam has been participating in yearly global health trips to Africa to contribute to building sustainable global pediatric neurosurgery services and clinical training collaborations in underserved countries. She has also participated in international neurosurgery efforts in Asia. As a neurosurgeon with the Kenya Initiative, founded by Leland Albright and Susan Ferson, Lam focuses on building sustainable surgical training and infrastructure in Kenya to address the epidemic of hydrocephalus.
Awards and honors
2018 - Elected to the editorial board of the Journal of Neurosurgery: Pediatrics
2015-2016 - Faculty Award for Teaching Excellence, Baylor College of Medicine Department of Neurosurgery
2015 - Health Policy Scholar, American Association of Neurological Surgeons /American College of Surgeons
2014 - Rising Star Award, Faculty Teaching, Baylor College of Medicine Department of Neurosurgery
2002 Alpha Omega Alpha Northwestern Feinberg School of Medicine
Select publications
Zhang L., Hall M., Lam S.K. Hospital costs associated with vagus nerve stimulation and medical treatment in pediatric patients with refractory epilepsy. Epilepsia. 2022 May;63(5):1141-1151. doi: 10.1111/epi.17208. Epub 2022 Mar 13. PMID 35188675.
Li D, Ravindra VM, Lam S.K. Rigid versus flexible neuroendoscopy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of endoscopic third ventriculostomy for the management of pediatric hydrocephalus. J Neurosurg Pediatr. 2021 Jul 23;28(4):439-449. doi: 10.3171/2021.2.PEDS2121. PMID 34298514.
Lam S, Harris D, Rocque BG, Ham SA. Pediatric endoscopic third ventriculostomy: a population-based study. J Neurosurg Pediatr. 2014 Nov;14(5):455-64. doi: 10.3171/2014.8.PEDS13680. Epub 2014 Sep 19. PMID 25238625.
Rocque BG, Amancherla K, Lew SM, Lam S Outcomes of cranioplasty following decompressive craniectomy in the pediatric population. J Neurosurg Pediatr. 2013 Aug;12(2):120-5. doi: 10.3171/2013.4.PEDS12605. Epub 2013 Jun 21. PMID 23790219.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian neurosurgeons
21st-century surgeons
Feinberg School of Medicine alumni
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
George Washington University School of Business alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Baylor College of Medicine faculty
Tyomkino () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Tyomkinsky District in Smolensk Oblast of Russia. Population:
History
Tyomkino was occupied by German forces during World War II and is still surrounded by a series of trenches and fortifications. The site of fierce fighting, munitions are still regularly unearthed in its fields.
Tourism and recreation
Tyomkino is a popular holiday destination, with its pure underground springs believed to have healing and recuperative powers.
Religion
Believed to be the final resting place of Saint Makaria, it has become a place of pilgrimage for followers of the Russian Orthodox faith. She was canonized for her powers of healing.
A new Russian Orthodox Church, constructed entirely of wood, has recently been built in Tyomkino.
References
Rural localities in Smolensk Oblast
Bazhluk (; Kaitag: Баӏжулей; Dargwa: Бяжлуки) is a rural locality (a selo) in Varsitsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 39 as of 2010.
Geography
Bazhluk is located 28 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Varsit, Shilyagi and Duregi are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Shaun Christopher Hill (born January 9, 1980) is a former American football quarterback who played 15 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2002. He played college football at Maryland. Hill also played for the Amsterdam Admirals, San Francisco 49ers, Detroit Lions, and St. Louis Rams.
Early years
Hill attended Parsons Senior High School in Parsons, Kansas, where he was a three-year starter at quarterback and 2-year starter at free safety on the high school football team. He was a two-time All-Southeast Kansas League 1st-team selection and an honorable mention All-State as a senior.
In addition to football, Hill also lettered in basketball, track and baseball. As a team captain in hoops, he was a three-time All-SEK 1st-team choice and earned All-State honors 3 consecutive years while guiding Parsons to the state tournament as a sophomore and senior. He played all five positions at times for the small school program, and set career marks for assists, steals, blocks, and 3-point field goals. In track & field, he ran sprints (100m, 200m, 4 × 100 m, 4 × 400 m) as a junior and senior and even qualified for the state championships in three events during his final year. He played as a shortstop and pitcher in baseball, and was a second team All-conference pick as a sophomore.
College career
Hill was not highly recruited out of high school. Nearby Pittsburg State University offered him a scholarship as a punter, not a quarterback. Because of this, Hill elected to spend two years at Hutchinson Community College. While there, Hill beat out five players to start at QB for both years, earning honorable mention All-American honors as a freshman and sophomore. His junior college success garnered him Division I attention, and he eventually decided to attend college at University of Maryland. While serving primarily as a backup as a junior, he led the Maryland Terrapins to their first Atlantic Coast Conference title since 1985 as a senior in 2001. They earned a trip to the 2002 Orange Bowl and finished the year ranked #10 in the country. He finished his Maryland career with 3,158 yards and 19 touchdowns.
Maryland statistics
Source:
Professional career
Minnesota Vikings
Hill was not considered an NFL prospect, was not invited to the 2002 NFL Scouting Combine, and, went undrafted in the 2002 NFL Draft. He ended up signing as a free agent with the Minnesota Vikings, where he spent the season as a 3rd-string backup. He took his first career snaps for the Vikings on the final two plays of the 2005 NFL season, taking a knee both times.
Amsterdam Admirals
In order to get more experience, Hill spent the spring of 2003 with the Amsterdam Admirals of NFL Europe, where he led the league in passing yards and tied for second in touchdowns.
San Francisco 49ers
Hill entered the 2006 NFL preseason third on the San Francisco 49ers depth chart, behind Trent Dilfer and Alex Smith. He went 15/23 (65.2%) for 162 yards, no touchdowns and one interception. He spent the 2006 regular season on the sidelines, taking no snaps.
Hill completed 13 of 20 passes for 148 yards with one interception in the San Francisco 49ers' 17-13 preseason opening loss to the Denver Broncos on August 16, 2007. He demonstrated great pocket mobility but had difficulty in the red zone, throwing one interception in his first drive and then nearly throwing an interception at almost exactly the same place the second time down the field. In the last game of the 2007 preseason against the San Diego Chargers, Hill attempted to put the 49ers in field goal range to tie the game. With 16 seconds left on the clock, he threw two deep balls to his wide receivers but both missed their targets, and the second was intercepted, ending the game with the Chargers ahead, 16–13.
Hill made his 49ers regular-season debut on December 9, 2007, after Trent Dilfer suffered a severe concussion. He completed 22 of 27 pass attempts for 181 yards and one touchdown in a loss to his former team, the Minnesota Vikings. Hill was critical of his performance, adding, "There [are] a lot of things I need to get better at. Some of that is about getting comfortable playing again. Some things made me want to throw up. Some things, the execution was poor but the results were good on my part. Some things I got away with. The results were better than my execution."
Since Dilfer's injury was serious enough to sideline him for the rest of the season, Hill made his first NFL start on December 15, 2007 in a victory against the Cincinnati Bengals. Hill completed 21 of 28 pass attempts for 197 yards, ran for a touchdown and threw a touchdown. Hill was set to be the starter for the remainder of the 2007 season.
On December 18, 2007, the 49ers announced that they had an interest in re-signing Hill, to provide competition against Alex Smith. However, the contract extension, along with its negotiations, were dependent on Hill's performance for the rest of the season. On December 23, 2007, Hill made his second career start, against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He completed 11 of 24 pass attempts for 123 yards and three touchdown passes, to Darrell Jackson, fellow former Terrapin Vernon Davis, and Frank Gore. The 49ers won 21-19.
Hill suffered a back injury during the week 16 game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, when rookie Gaines Adams hit him after a throw, drawing a 15-yard personal foul. As a result, Hill was unable to play in week 17 against the Cleveland Browns. Chris Weinke played in his place.
In February 2008, Hill signed a new 3-year contract with the 49ers, with contractual terms not released to the media. The undrafted Hill competed for the starting job against Alex Smith and J. T. O'Sullivan in training camp and the 2008 preseason. O'Sullivan ended up getting the job and Hill became the primary backup after Smith was put on injured reserve early in the season.
Hill did not play until 49ers interim head coach Mike Singletary took over on October 27. After J. T. O'Sullivan committed his second turnover against the Seattle Seahawks that was returned for a touchdown, he was pulled from the lineup and Hill replaced him with solid output: 15 of 23 for 173 yards with one touchdown to Jason Hill and no turnovers, but he could not rescue the 49ers, who lost 34–13.
Despite the loss, Hill was named as Singletary's no. 1 QB for the remainder of the 2008 season. His 2008 starting debut was in week 10, on Monday Night Football against the Arizona Cardinals.
Shortly after the Seahawks game, reports surfaced that Nolan and offensive coordinator Mike Martz allegedly made up stories about Hill having a tired arm in the preseason so that O'Sullivan, who played for Martz when he was a offensive coordinator of the Detroit Lions, would win the starting job without a real challenge.
On Monday Night Football against the heavily favored Arizona Cardinals, Hill delivered a solid performance in the first half. Hill completed a 31-yard touchdown to Josh Morgan to put the 49ers up 14-3, and then struck later with a 20-yard touchdown to Vernon Davis shortly before half-time. However, in the second half, Hill threw an interception at a critically bad time to give the Cardinals the 24-29 lead. Hill also threw a second interception on an attempted shovel pass at the Arizona 20-yard line. Despite this, Hill drove the 49ers down the field twice, the first with 3:39, and the second with only 1:04 left on the game clock. Hill's last pass of the game was a completion to Jason Hill to bring the 49ers to the Arizona goal line. Unfortunately, the 49ers were unable to score the game-winning touchdown. Coincidentally, on Monday Night Football of the 2007 season against the Cardinals, the 49ers drove to the goal line in a similar fashion, and were able to get the game-winning touchdown.
During week 11 of the 2008 NFL season, Hill broke his career single-game passing record in yards, in a 35-16 victory over the St. Louis Rams by throwing for 213 yards and 2 touchdowns and running for a third. He was awarded NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his performance.
In week 12, Hill got his first 300-yard passing game in a loss to the Dallas Cowboys.
Hill delivered an impressive come-back performance in Week 16 against the St. Louis Rams. After throwing three interceptions in the first three quarters, 49ers coaches Mike Singletary and Mike Martz were preparing to bench Hill for J. T. O'Sullivan. Hill convinced his coach to leave him in the game and then led the 49ers on an 80-yard drive, finishing with a touchdown pass to Isaac Bruce for his 1000th career reception. Now down 16-10 and under three minutes left on the clock, Hill got the ball back and completed a 48-yard touchdown pass to Josh Morgan. The 49ers defense intercepted Marc Bulger ending any chance of a Rams comeback and capping Hill's first big late-game rally win.
In a week 17 thrillers against the Washington Redskins, Hill was showing difficulty, throwing an interception in the first half and no touchdowns. However, in the fourth quarter, Hill took the lead by completing a 9-yard touchdown pass to Jason Hill. Later, with the game tied at 24-24, Hill drove down the field with one minute left on the game clock to set up a game-winning Joe Nedney field goal.
With the victory, Hill improved to a 5-3 record on the season, and a 7-3 record as a starter all time. He finished the season with 13 passing touchdowns, 2 rushing touchdowns, 8 interceptions, 2,046 passing yards, and an 87.5 quarterback rating in 9 games (8 as a starter).
49ers head coach Mike Singletary had stated that Hill would be the starting quarterback going into training camp in 2009 but would compete with former number-one overall draft pick Alex Smith for the regular season starting job.
Hill was named the starter for the 49ers preseason opener versus the Denver Broncos, where he would throw only two passes, completing both.
On August 25, Hill was named the 49ers' starting quarterback for the regular season, defending his starting title over Smith.
Hill made his season-opening debut on September 13 against the Arizona Cardinals. Hill made a fourth-quarter touchdown pass to Frank Gore to win the game 20-16. With the win, Hill improved to 8-3 as a starter.
The following week against the Seattle Seahawks, Hill completed 19 of 26 passes for 144 yards and also ran once for 17 yards. The 49ers won 23-10, and Hill would continue his undefeated streak of six home victories. After a 35-0 drubbing of St. Louis, he extended it to 7-0.
Arguably, one of Hill's best games came in week 3 on the road against the undefeated Minnesota Vikings. Hill was 15/25, for 195 yards, with two touchdowns, and one interception in the game. Hill led the 49ers to a lead near the end of the game, but Brett Favre ultimately threw a 30-yard touchdown pass with two seconds left to win for the Vikings.
After a scoreless first half in the game against the Houston Texans in week 7, Singletary benched Hill and put Alex Smith into the game. Smith rallied the 49ers with three touchdowns to bring the score from 0-21 to 21-24. Although the 49ers lost the game, the comeback earned Smith the starting quarterback position in the next game against the Indianapolis Colts on November 1. Hill served as Smith's backup for the rest of the season.
Detroit Lions
Hill was traded to the Detroit Lions in exchange for a seventh round draft pick in 2011 on March 14, 2010. The Lions signed him to a one-year contract on July 12, 2010. He entered the Lions first game of the 2010 season when starter Matthew Stafford was injured. Hill threw 9 completions on 19 attempts with 88 yards and one interception leading Detroit to within the 30-yard line with under 30 seconds to go. Hill threw what seemed to be the game-winning touchdown but was later ruled incomplete by a technicality in the NFL rule book, which is now being referred to as the "Calvin Johnson Rule". He was injured while filling in for the injured Matthew Stafford October 17, 2010, against the New York Giants. The Lions announced that he had suffered a fracture of his left (non-throwing) forearm. Hill capped the season with victories against the Miami Dolphins and Minnesota Vikings, and the Lions finished 6–10.
He has since become known as one of the better backup quarterbacks in the NFL, performing well during his appearances.
St. Louis Rams
He signed a one-year deal with the St. Louis Rams on March 26, 2014.
Following a season-ending ACL injury to starter Sam Bradford in a preseason game on August 23, 2014, Hill was named the new starter by coach Jeff Fisher. However, in Week 2, Hill was replaced by Austin Davis to be the starter. After a bad performance against the Arizona Cardinals in late November, Davis was benched again in favor of Hill. Hill finished the 2014 season with 1,657 passing yards, 8 touchdowns, 7 interceptions, and an 83.9 quarterback rating in 9 games with 8 starts.
Minnesota Vikings (second stint)
On March 10, 2015, Hill signed with the Minnesota Vikings. In Week 9 against the St. Louis Rams, Teddy Bridgewater left the game in the second half with a concussion. Hill took over for the rest of the game, which the Vikings won 21-18 in overtime.
After Bridgewater was placed on injured reserve during the 2016 offseason, Hill was selected to start Week 1 of the 2016 season over Sam Bradford, who the Vikings traded for after Bridgewater's injury. Hill completed 18 of 33 passes for 236 yards with no touchdowns or interceptions in the 25-16 win against the Tennessee Titans.
NFL career statistics
Source:
NFL Europe records
Most completions thrown in a single season: 220
Personal life
Hill was a kinesiology major at Maryland. He participated in several Viking Children's Fund events and has supported the Muscular Dystrophy Association. He joined former Vikings Head Coach Mike Tice as a former Terrapin quarterback and was teammates at Maryland with former Vikings linebacker E.J. Henderson. Hill kept a weekly journal chronicling his adventures in Europe for fans on his former team's website, Vikings.com.
References
External links
Minnesota Vikings bio
Detroit Lions bio
1980 births
Living people
People from Parsons, Kansas
Players of American football from Kansas
American football quarterbacks
Hutchinson Blue Dragons football players
Maryland Terrapins football players
Amsterdam Admirals players
Minnesota Vikings players
San Francisco 49ers players
Detroit Lions players
St. Louis Rams players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
General Fortunato Maycotte Camero was a Mexican soldier who participated in the Mexican Revolution.
Fortunato was born in Progress, Coahuila, on October 26, 1891, and baptised seven months after. His parents were Apuleyo Maycotte and Juana Camero. He became affiliated with the Maderism movement in 1910.
Constitutionalism
In 1913, Maycotte joined the constitucionalistas forces, reaching the degree of General of Division. He was represented in the Convention of Aguascalientes in October 1914 by Juan Hernández. Faithful to Venustiano Carranza, he excelled in the fight against Pancho Villa in 1915. From June 26 to October 15, 1916, he was Governor of Durango.
Plan of Agua Prieta
In 1920 he rebelled against Venustiano Carranza, adhering in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, to his former boss Álvaro Obregón, supporting the Plan of Agua Prieta.
In 1923, he supported the rebellion of Adolfo of the Huerta. After being defeated in the Battle of Palo Blanco, he was executed by firing squad on May 14, 1924.
References
People from Coahuila
Executed Mexican people
Governors of Durango
Governors of Hidalgo (state)
Mexican people of French descent
Mexican people of Irish descent
1891 births
1924 deaths
People executed by Mexico by firing squad
The Journal of Management Inquiry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of management with an emphasis on qualitative research, inductive reasoning and "non-traditional" research, and thought-provoking articles meant to generate academic conversations in their field. The journal's editors-in-chief are Richard W. Stackman (University of San Francisco) and Pablo Martin De Holan (HEC Paris). It was established in 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications. It is the official journal of the Western Academy of Management, an independent affiliate of the Academy of Management.
Sections
The journal has five regular sections:
"Generative Curiosity", which introduces ideas with the aim to encourage further scholarly interest, conversation, and collaboration;
"Non-traditional Research" which publishes alternative theoretical frameworks and views, methods, and data sources;
"Dialogues" which publishes academic conversations on current topics on Organization and Management Theory;
"Provocations & Provocateurs", offering insights through the use of alternative modes of expression whose common theme is to be outside the generally accepted boundaries of the field; and
"Six Degrees" is a section that explores the collaborations that have produced seminal contributions to management in a podcast format.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences, EBSCO databases, Scopus, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2018 impact factor is 1.986, and it is ranked 125th out of 217 management journals. It is listed as an A journal in the Australian Business Deans Council ABDC journal quality list.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Business and management journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1992
Hestimoides is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
subgenus Hestimoides
Hestimoides compactus Breuning, 1939
Hestimoides stellatus (Pascoe, 1867)
Hestimoides striolatus (Aurivillius, 1921)
Hestimoides trigeminatus (Pascoe, 1867)
subgenus Ochrestimoides
Hestimoides ochreovittatus Breuning, 1950
References
Apomecynini
Cerambycidae genera
is a Japanese slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2006.
Yazawa participed in two Olympic Games. She finished in 20th place in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. She represented the host nation at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where she finished 19th in the K1 event after being eliminated in the semifinal.
Her brother Kazuki Yazawa is also an Olympic slalom canoeist.
World Cup individual podiums
1 Asian Canoe Slalom Championship counting for World Cup points
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Japanese female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Japan
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 2014 Asian Games
Canoeists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Sportspeople from Nagano Prefecture
People from Iida, Nagano
Ole Poulsen (born 16 December 1941) is a retired Danish sailor. Competing in the dragon class he won gold medals at the 1964 Olympics and 1965 World Championships, both times with Ole Berntsen.
His mother Ulla Barding-Poulsen and grandmother Yutta Barding were Olympic fencers.
References
1941 births
Living people
Danish male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Denmark
Sailors at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for Denmark
Olympic medalists in sailing
Hellerup Sejlklub sailors
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Glycine propionyl-L-carnitine}}
Glycine propionyl-L-carnitine (GPLC) is a propionyl ester of carnitine that includes an additional glycine component. Due to tissues esterases enzymes, GPLC should act as a prodrug and lead to glycine, carnitine and propionic acid in the body.
Nitric oxide stimulant
GPLC has been shown in two studies to result in an increase in blood levels of nitrate/nitrite (a surrogate marker of nitric oxide; not a direct measure of nitric oxide), when used at a daily dose of 4.5 grams. In one study, GPLC was provided to previously sedentary men and women who were also assigned to supervised aerobic exercise for eight weeks. A significant increase in resting levels of blood nitrate/nitrite was noted for subjects receiving GPLC compared to placebo (in a double blind design). Subjects who received GPLC were also noted as having lower levels of malondialdehyde, a lipid peroxidation biomarker indicating free radical mediated oxidation of lipids. Increased free radical production may be associated with impaired Nitric Oxide bioavailability.
In another study, GPLC or a placebo was provided to resistance trained men for four weeks each, with a two-week washout period between each four-week period, using a double blind design. At the end of each four-week period, resting blood samples were obtained, in addition to blood samples following Isometric exercise, showing significant increases in plasma nitrate/nitrite among those who were given GPLC. It is possible that this increase in nitrate/nitrite may have implications related to enhanced blood flow during acute bouts of exercise.
Antioxidant
In addition to regular exercise, nutritional antioxidants may combat free radical formation—as has been reported for GPLC. In this study, subjects received oral GPLC at a dosage of either 1.5 or 4.5 grams per day over the course of an eight-week intervention period. With both dosages, the post-intervention level of malondialdehyde, a marker of lipid peroxidation, was decreased as compared to pre-intervention values. The same was not true for subjects receiving a placebo. These findings highlight the significant antioxidant properties of GPLC. More work using GPLC to combat resistance exercise-induced lipid peroxidation has also noted favorable findings (unpublished data). While many athletes now use GPLC as a component of their dietary supplement regimen, future work is needed to investigate the impact of GPLC on decreasing oxidative stress resulting from strenuous exercise.
In support of the above, previous work involving the individual components of GPLC has noted decreased protein and lipid peroxidation following glycine use, with potent antioxidant properties noted for propionyl-L-carnitine.
Ergogenic aid
Although still relatively new in the field of sports nutrition, GPLC has been used by some athletes reporting favorable results in terms of exercise performance and recovery. Preliminary work with previously sedentary subjects failed to indicate performance effects related to VO2max assessed via graded exercise treadmill testing or anaerobic energy assessed via a 30-second cycle sprint. However, a study involving active men noted very favorable performance effects of GPLC, as well as a significant reduction in blood lactic acid, a byproduct of anaerobic metabolism thought to impair muscle performance.
Specifically, in this study conducted by Patrick Jacobs and colleagues, 24 healthy, exercise trained men consumed either 4.5 grams of GPLC or a placebo on two different days separated by one week (double blind, cross-over study design). Ninety minutes following ingestion of the assigned treatment, subjects performed five, maximal effort cycle sprint's, each lasting 10 seconds in duration. They were given one minute of “active” recovery between each sprint. The peak and mean power output, as well as the blood lactic acid, was measured for both conditions. Results indicated that power output was up to 15% higher following the glycine propionyl-l-carnitine trials compared to placebo, while post-exercise blood lactic acid was 15-16% lower compared to placebo. These data are in reference to trained men performing repeated cycle sprints. Therefore, it is difficult to extrapolate these findings to other activities.
In other studies, GPLC has been shown to have no effect on aerobic and anaerobic exercise performance, with results showing that up to 3 grams per day for 8 weeks in conjunction with aerobic-exercise training is ineffective for increasing muscle carnitine content and has no significant effects on aerobic- or anaerobic-exercise performance.
References
Carboxylate esters
Sports nutrition
The throat is the anterior part of the neck'
Throat or Throats may also refer to:
Throat, the corner at the front of the head of a four-sided sail
Throat, the constricted or narrow part of a passage, especially a pipe
Throat, as in the freebore of a firearm.
"Lump in one's throat", see Globus pharyngis
Throat halyard, after that part of the sail it acts on
Throat singing (disambiguation)
See also
Gular (disambiguation)
Caroline Clendening Laise (November 14, 1917 – July 25, 1991) was an American civil servant, ambassador to Nepal and the first female Assistant Secretary of State.
Early life and education
Born in Winchester, Virginia, to Elizabeth Frances (née Stevens) and James Frederic Laise. She received a Bachelor of Arts in public administration in 1938 from American University, where she was a member of the Gamma Delta chapter of Phi Mu fraternity. She later received a Master of Arts in political science from George Washington University in 1940.
Career
Laise began her career in government as a coder for the Civil Service Commission in 1940. She had a position in the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration for a short time before joining the State Department in 1948. She was an adviser from 1956 to 1961, and in 1962 became deputy director of the Bureau of South Asian Affairs.
In 1965, Laise traveled to India and Pakistan as an adviser to Vice President Hubert Humphrey. After a year in New Delhi, President Lyndon B. Johnson named her ambassador to Nepal in 1966, a position she held until 1973.
In October 1973, she became Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs, and in 1974 became director general of the Foreign Service, until her retirement in 1977.
Personal life
On January 3, 1967 she married 72-year-old ambassador-at-large Ellsworth Bunker in Kathmandu. Later that year, he was named ambassador to South Vietnam and for nearly the first six years of their marriage they only saw each other monthly, via a special government flight offered by President Johnson as enticement for Bunker to accept the post.
She died of cancer in Dummerston, Vermont at the age of 73.
References
Ambassadors of the United States to Nepal
United States Assistant Secretaries of State
1991 deaths
1917 births
American women ambassadors
American University alumni
George Washington University alumni
Directors General of the United States Foreign Service
20th-century American diplomats
Carolus is the medieval Latin form of the name Charles, notably the name of Charlemagne (742–814).
The given name also gave rise to a surname in the 17th century.
People
First name or title
Carolus Andriamatsinoro (born 1989), Malagasy footballer
Carolus Arretinus or Carlo Marsuppini (1399–1453), Italian humanist and chancellor
Carolus Clusius (Charles de l'Écluse), Flemish doctor and botanist
Carolus de Tilly (1642–1698), French Roman Catholic prelate
Carolus-Duran (Charles Auguste Émile Durand), French painter
Carolus Fernández de Velasco (1596-1665) Belgian Roman Catholic clergy
Carolus Antonius Fodor or Carel Anton Fodor (1768 – 1846), Dutch composer
Carolus Gallus (1530 – 1616), Dutch minister and polemicist
Carolus Hacquart (c. 1640 - after 1686), Flemish composer
Carolus Magnus Hutschenreuther (1794 – 1845), German industrialist
Carolus Adrianus Johannes Kreutz (born 1954), Dutch orchidologist, botanical writer and taxonomist
Carolus Lassila (1922 – 1987), Finnish diplomat
Carolus Luython (1557 – 1620), Belgian composer
Carolus Linnaeus (Carl Linnaeus or Carl von Linné), Swedish botanist and physician
Carolus Linnaeus the Younger (Carl Linnaeus the Younger), Swedish naturalist
Carolus Luython, 17th-century composer
Carolus Magnus (Charlemagne), Holy Roman Emperor
Carolus Maneken (1419-1493), professor
Carolus Mulerius (1601 – 1638), Dutch Hispanist and grammarian
Carolus Niellius (1576 – 1652), Dutch Remonstrant minister
Carolus Nolet (born 1940/41), Dutch businessman
Carolus Polodig (1671–1714), Czech Roman Catholic prelate
Carolus Johannes Reinecke (born 1941), South African rector
Carolus Rex (Charles XII of Sweden), King of Sweden
Carolus Sigonius (c. 1524 – 1584), Italian humanist
Carolus Souliaert (died 1540), 16th-century composer
Carolus Stoffels (1893 – 1957), Dutch modern pentathlete
Carolus Wimmer (born 1948), German politician
Carolus Wrede (1860 — 1927), Finnish industrialist
Middle name
Christianus Carolus Henricus van der Aa (1718 – 1793), Dutch Lutheran pastor
Francis Carolus Eeles (1876 – 1954), English liturgical scholar and ecclesiastical historian
Surname
Cheryl Carolus, South African politician
Jean Carolus, 19th-century Belgian artist
Johann Carolus, 17th-century newspaper publisher
Joris Carolus, 17th-century Dutch cartographer
Louis Carolus-Barré (1910 – 1993), French librarian and medievalist
Masculine given names
French masculine given names
German masculine given names
Dutch masculine given names
The WAGR A/AA/AB classes are classes of diesel locomotives built by Clyde Engineering, Granville, New South Wales, Australia, for the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) between 1960 and 1969.
History
In July 1960 Clyde Engineering delivered the first of the WAGR's 14 A class locomotive. Six were assembled under contract by Commonwealth Engineering at Bassendean becoming the first diesel locomotives built in Western Australia. The last two were financed by Western Mining Corporation. A1506, A1513-14 were fitted with dynamic brakes.
In 1967 five improved AA class were delivered, followed by six AB classes in 1969. All were built at Granville and fitted with more powerful Electro Motive Diesel 12-645E engines.
In January 1998 ten (A1502-A1510 & AB1533) were sold to Tranz Rail. All were shipped to New Zealand in February 1998. Five were scrapped for parts, one sold to Tasrail for parts and in November 2005, four were sold as hulks to National Railway Equipment Company and shipped to Mount Vernon, Illinois. Two of the latter were rebuilt and in 2010 sold to Ferrocarril de Antofagasta a Bolivia. There they were reunited with seven (A1512, AA1515-AA1519 & AB1532) that had been sold to the Chile operator in September 1998.
Those remaining with Westrail were included in the sale of the business to Australian Railroad Group in October 2000. When the business was split in June 2006, A1513 and A1514 were transferred to Genesee & Wyoming Australia with the South Australian operations and were reclassified as the 1200 class while A1501 and the remaining four ABs passed to QR National with the Western Australian operations, and were renumbered AB1501-AB1504. In January 2008, A1501 was withdrawn and donated to Rail Heritage WA. A1202, AB1501 and AB1502 were exported to South Africa in January 2015.
In April 2017, AB1535 was donated to Rail Heritage WA for use with the Wheatbelt Heritage Rail Project at Minnivale.
Class list (A)
Class list (AA)
Class list (AB)
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
A class History of Western Australia Railways & Stations gallery
AB class History of Western Australia Railways & Stations gallery
Aurizon diesel locomotives
Clyde Engineering locomotives
Co-Co locomotives
Diesel locomotives of Western Australia
Railway locomotives introduced in 1960
3 ft 6 in gauge locomotives of Australia
Diesel-electric locomotives of Australia
The office of Vice-President of the Navajo Nation was created in 1991 following restructuring of the Navajo Nation government. The president and vice president are elected every four years. The Navajo Nation Vice-President shall serve no more than two terms.
In 2010, Ben Shelly became the first vice president to be elected president of the Navajo Nation.
Office holders
References
Navajo Nation politicians
Paula Strautmane (born March 23, 1997) is a Latvian basketball player for TTT Riga and the Latvian national team. She played college basketball for the Quinnipiac Bobcats in Hamden, Connecticut.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1997 births
Living people
Latvian women's basketball players
Latvian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Basketball players from Riga
Power forwards (basketball)
Latvian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Quinnipiac University alumni
Silicon Border Holding Company, LLC is a commercial development designed to produce semi-conductors for consumers in North America. The site is located in Mexicali, along the western border of the United States of America and Mexico. This "specialized industrial park", which began in 2004-2005, intends to become a "Global center" for semiconductor manufacturing in Mexicali, Baja California within 15–20 years. Former President Vicente Fox and his successors have made available 10 years of tax-free status to any firms that locate in the park. Silicon Border is providing Mexico with an infrastructure that enables high-tech companies anywhere in the world to move manufacturing operations to the country and exploit its competitive advantages such as geographical location, human capital, research, legal and tax benefits, intellectual property, international treaties, and logistics provided by the country for manufacturing high technology products while allowing research to develop processes, design, fabrication and testing able to compete with Asian operations and costs. A variety of electrical and water facilities are already built at Silicon Border in addition to energy-saving lighting. The infrastructure build-out, financed by ING Clarion, consists of potable water plant and distribution, fiber optic telephone and data cable, power substations, and waste treatment facilities. Silicon Border not only provides manufacturing space to companies creating "green" products, but does so in an environmentally conscious manner.
The Autonomous University of Baja California and CETYS, a private not-for-profit university located in Mexicali, have started new programs such as Aerospace Engineering, Semiconductors and Microelectronics Engineering, Renewable Energy Engineering, Bioengineering, History and Sociology to prepare the required human capital for potential high-tech firms.
California's Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promoted cooperation with the project and has encouraged economic partnerships with Silicon Border in his radio addresses. At the beginning of 2006, the California governor created the "California/Baja Silicon Border Work Group," run by deputy secretary of the California Business, Transportation, and Housing Agency, Yolanda Benson. State officials promised to hasten the roadways needed to link up with those being built for Silicon Border in Mexico.
Silicon Border is the only site in North America with abundant and inexpensive electrical power, natural gas and potable water, as well as a large labor pool of high skilled and motivated individuals. The area is supplied with water from the Colorado River and a major electrical sub-station supplied by three separate power plants. Infrastructure improvements associated with the proposed project include a new highway (under construction) and an additional border crossing. Silicon Border estimates that in ten years following the onset of development, the Silicon Border Science Park could generate 100,000 jobs, both within Mexico and the U.S.
See also
Silicon Valley
Silicon Wadi
References
Mexicali
Imperial County, California
Information technology places
Dương Thị Ngọc Vân (楊氏玉雲, ?–1000) courtesy name Vân Nga (雲娥) was the only empress dowager of the Đinh Dynasty and afterwards empress of Lê Đại Hành, the first emperor of the Early Lê Dynasty. When her husband Đinh Tiên Hoàng was assassinated in 979, Dương Vân Nga became the Empress Dowager of the Đinh Dynasty as her son Đinh Phế Đế succeeded the throne. During the short-lived reign of Đinh Phế Đế, Dương Vân Nga and the general Lê Hoàn jointly held the regentship for the 6-year-old emperor, later it was Dương Vân Nga and general Phạm Cự Lượng who decided to cede the Đinh Dynasty's throne for Lê Hoàn in 980 so that Đại Cồ Việt could stand the Song Dynasty's invasion with a capable ruler. Subsequently, Lê Hoàn entitled Dương Vân Nga as his empress, hence she became the first woman in the history of Vietnam to be married to two emperors.
Biography
Đinh Dynasty
According to some sources, Dương Vân Nga was the daughter of a subordinate of the warlord Dương Đình Nghệ and came from the Ái province (now Thanh Hóa, Vietnam), others claim that Dương Vân Nga was from the same town Hoa Lư as Đinh Tiên Hoàng.
Being one of Đinh Tiên Hoàng's wives, Dương Vân Nga gave birth to his youngest son Đinh Toàn in 974. At the end of 979, as Đinh Tiên Hoàng and his eldest prince Đinh Liễn were assassinated by Đỗ Thích, the 6-year-old prince Đinh Toàn was made the successor of the throne of the Đinh Dynasty while his mother Dương Vân Nga became the Empress Dowager of the Đinh Dynasty and took charge of the regentship with the general Lê Hoàn who was promoted to the position of viceroy of the Đinh Dynasty.
Regency
The short-lived reign of Đinh Toàn, now Đinh Phế Đế was perturbed by the revolt of Đinh Điền and Nguyễn Bặc who had been important officials in the royal court of Đinh Tiên Hoàng while the country also had to face with the intrusion led by Ngô Nhật Khánh, son-in-law of Đinh Tiên Hoàng, with reinforcements from the kingdom of Champa in the southern border. The rebellion of Đinh Điền and Nguyễn Bặc was quickly put down by Lê Hoàn but in the north, the Song Dynasty began an invasion of Đại Cồ Việt in profiting its chaotic situation after the death of Đinh Tiên Hoàng, finally Dương Vân Nga and the general Phạm Cự Lượng with the agreement from the majority of officials in royal court, decided to elevate Lê Hoàn for the throne so that the country had an able ruler who could deal with grave troubles at that time, hence the Early Lê Dynasty was established and replaced the Đinh Dynasty.
The account of Đinh Phế Đế's abdication for Lê Hoàn is slightly different in each historical record, for example in Đại Việt sử lược, which is the oldest chronicles of history of Vietnam that remains, and Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư, it was Phạm Cự Lượng who proposed the Empress Dowager to cede her son's throne to Lê Hoàn, On the other hand, in Khâm định Việt sử thông giám cương mục, since Dương Vân Nga appeared to have affection for Lê Hoàn during their regency, Nguyễn Bặc and Đinh Điền decided to rise a revolt with the main purpose of overthrowing Lê Hoàn and protecting the child emperor, subsequently it was the Empress Dowager who had the principal role in the enthronement of Lê Hoàn when she entrusted the defence against the Song Dynasty's invasion for Lê Hoàn and herself persuaded him to accept the proposition of Phạm Cự Lượng. Trần Trọng Kim in his Việt Nam sử lược also agreed with Khâm định Việt sử thông giám cương mục about the affair between Dương Vân Nga and Lê Hoàn during their regentship.
Early Lê Dynasty
After his coronation, Lê Hoàn succeeded in driving out the invasion of the Song Dynasty in 981, afterwards he entitled the former empress dowager Dương Vân Nga as the new empress of the Early Lê Dynasty with the name Empress Đại Thắng Minh (Vietnamese: Đại Thắng Minh Hoàng hậu). With this second marriage, Dương Vân Nga became the first woman in the history of Vietnam to be married to two emperors. The marriage between Lê Hoàn and Dương Vân Nga was severely criticized by the Confucian historian Ngô Sĩ Liên who remarked that the fornication between the general and his emperor's wife and later their marriage seriously violated the Confucian moral codes and so became the seeds for the immorality of his son afterwards. Another dynastic historian, Ngô Thì Sĩ, even despised the new title Empress Đại Thắng Minh (literally Bright Empress of Great Victory) of Dương Vân Nga which was identical with the title of her first husband Emperor Đại Thắng Minh (Đại Thắng Minh Hoàng đế) Đinh Tiên Hoàng, in Ngô Thì Sĩ's opinion, this naming was a "forever derision" ("để cười nghìn thu") in the history of Vietnam.
Dương Vân Nga died in 1000 or the seventh year of the Ứng Thiên era of Lê Đại Hành. She died in the same year as Lê Thâu, the eldest son of Lê Hoàn.
Legacy
Today Dương Vân Nga, together with Lê Đại Hành and his sons Lê Long Đĩnh and Lê Long Việt, is still worshipped in the Temple of Lê Đại Hành in Hoa Lư which is located next to the tomb of Đinh Tiên Hoàng, her first husband. Since she witnessed a turbulent time and herself participated in various important events in history of Vietnam, the life of Dương Vân Nga becomes subject of several chèo, cải lương plays and a novel named Hoàng hậu hai triều Dương Vân Nga (Dương Vân Nga, Empress of Two Dynasties).
Dương Vân Nga and Lê Đại Hành's only known daughter, Princess Lê Thị Phất Ngân married Lý Công Uẩn, who became Emperor Lý Thái Tổ. Their son was Emperor Lý Thái Tông.
References
Bibliography
External link
|- style="text-align: center;"
|-
|-
|-
Đinh dynasty empresses
Early Lê dynasty empresses
Remarried royal consorts
1000 deaths
10th-century women rulers
10th-century Vietnamese women
The Journal of the Mexican Chemical Society (formerly Revista de la Sociedad Química de Mexico) is a Mexican scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1957 by the Mexican Chemical Society (Sociedad Química de México, A.C.). As of June 2014, the full text of the journal is freely available online on its homepage.
External links
Homepage of the journal:
Homepage of the Mexican Chemical Society:
Chemistry journals
Gun trick may refer to:
Bullet catch, a conjuring illusion in which a bullet appears to be caught safely by a magician at whom the bullet was fired
Quaker Gun trick, a simulated cannon made from a wooden log, sometimes painted black, used to deceive an enemy into believing a foe possesses excess guns
Sfäär (meaning Sphere) was a restaurant and store located at Mere puiestee 6E, in Tallinn, Estonia. It was noted for its Nordic cuisine and New Estonian cuisine with Italian influence, using fresh ingredients. The restaurant was described as "kind of cross between an old Soviet-era cafeteria and a stylishly retro second living room." The restaurant is also a wine store and clothes store which sells designer jeans and other goods. One review said of the restaurant: "Italian and Nordic aren't exactly terms that get along well. Yet by some stroke of insane genius, Sfäär found a way to force these to into a fusion. The result was a truly modern cuisine, presented in a contemporary and sleek setting with some tastefully incorporated retro elements." Sfäär closed down in August 2019.
References
External links
Restaurants in Tallinn
Kesklinn, Tallinn
The 2018 Mountain West Conference women's basketball tournament was held from March 5-9, 2018 at the Thomas & Mack Center on the campus of University of Nevada, Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada. The winner of the tournament received an automatic bid to the 2018 NCAA tournament. The 2017 tournament, saw Boise State defeat Fresno State 66-53 to receive an automatic bid to the 2017 NCAA tournament.
Seeds
Teams are seeded by conference record, with a ties broken by record between the tied teams followed by record against the regular-season champion, if necessary.
Schedule
Bracket
Source:
See also
2018 Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament
References
Mountain West Conference women's basketball tournament
Mountain West Conference Women's Basketball Tournament, 2018
2017–18 Mountain West Conference women's basketball season
Myles Conte (4 April 1947 – 12 March 2014) was a South African cricketer. He played thirteen first-class matches for Transvaal between 1972 and 1977.
References
External links
1947 births
2014 deaths
South African cricketers
Gauteng cricketers
Cricketers from Johannesburg
Thomas Glancy (10 October 1894 – 11 February 1949) was a Scottish professional footballer who made nearly 500 appearances in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath, Falkirk and St Johnstone. In 1923 he was a member of a squad organised by Third Lanark that toured South America.
Personal life
Glancy was the cousin of footballer Lawrence Glancy and the father of junior footballer Watty Glancy.
Career statistics
Honours
Falkirk
Falkirk Infirmary Shield: 1914–15, 1919–20, 1920–21, 1921–22
Stirlingshire Redding Pit Disaster Benefit Cup: 1923–24
Individual
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
1949 deaths
Scottish footballers
Falkirk F.C. players
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
St Johnstone F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Association football inside forwards
1894 births
People from Cowdenbeath
Inverkeithing United F.C. players
Third Lanark A.C. players
Marcial Fabricano Noe is a Bolivian indigenous leader from the Mojeño-Trinitario ethnic group. He has previously served as president of the Confederation of Indigenous Peoples of the Bolivian East and was a vice-presidential candidate of the Free Bolivia Movement.
Biography
Fabricano was born on 10 July 1953 in San Lorenzo de Moxos. He completed secondary education in Guayaramerín. He served in community leadership roles beginning in 1983 and emerged as a principal voice in the 1990 March for Territory and Dignity, organized by the Confederation of Indigenous Peoples of the Bolivian East. At the time of the march, Fabricano was the head of the Center of Indigenous Peoples of Beni.
Party politics
In 1997, Fabricano offered to participate in national elections to represent the lowland indigenous movement; he also sought eight parliamentary seats for lowland indigenous groups. This move caused controversy in the movement, which has generally remained aloof from party politics. Fabricano was nominated as the vice-presidential candidate for the Movimiento Bolivia Libre (Free Bolivia Movement), running alongside presidential candidate Miguel Urioste Fernández de Córdova. The party won 3.0% of the vote in the general election held on 1 June.
References
Confederation of Indigenous Peoples of Bolivia
Bolivian politicians
1953 births
Living people
Munshi Ghat is one of the Ghats in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Significance
Built in the year 1812, Munshi Ghat is named after Sridhara Narayana Munshi, who was a finance minister in the estate of Nagpur. In 1915, the Brahmin king Kameshwar Singh Gautam Bahadur of Darbhanga (Bihar) purchased the ghat and extended it. The extension later became known as Darbhanga Ghat.
Darbhanga Ghat extension
The palace of Darbhanga Ghat is made of sandstone from Chunar, with beautiful porches and Greek pillars. This area has been of importance in the Puranic context, but has also gained importance for its grandeur and architectural style.
In 1994 the Darbhanga palace was purchased by the Clarks Hotel Group, who named it the Brijrama Palace, and planned to transform it into five-star hotels. They have already demolished almost half of the structure from the back; its back perimeter is being extended and its height raised in order to make suitable for the use of the planned hotel.
References
Ghats in Varanasi
Šilopaj is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 135 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Thomas James Keinhorst (born 14 July 1990) is a German international rugby league footballer who plays as a or forward for Hull Kingston Rovers in the Betfred Super League.
He has previously played for the Leeds Rhinos in the Super League, and spent time on loan from Leeds at the Hunslet Hawks in the Championship, as well as the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats and the Widnes Vikings in the Super League. Keinhorst has also spent time on loan from Hull KR at the York City Knights in the Betfred Championship.
He has played rugby union for Heidelberger RK in the German Rugby-Bundesliga and in England with Otley in National League 1. He also represented Germany at international level.
Background
Keinhorst was born in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
Keinhorst began playing rugby league in 2004, while attending St. Mary's Catholic High School.
Playing positions
Rugby union
He primarily played as an inside-centre, but he could also play as an outside-centre or in the second row.
Senior rugby union career
Heidelberger RK (2009-10)
Keinhorst began playing rugby union as an amateur with Otley and he later moved to Germany to play for Heidelberger RK in 2009, at the age of 19, and he won the National Championship in the 2009-10 season.
He played eight games and scored four tries in his first season.
Otley (2010-11)
Keinhorst rejoined Otley as a semi-professional in 2010, and went onto make 11 appearances in the 2010-11 season, scoring three tries before leaving at the end of the season to sign a professional contract at rugby league side the Leeds Rhinos.
Senior rugby league career
Leeds (2012-18)
Keinhorst signed for Leeds in 2011, and made his Super League début on 30 July 2012, in the defeat by the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
Keinhorst came on as a substitute in Leeds' losing effort in the 2012 Challenge Cup Final defeat by Warrington at Wembley Stadium.
Keinhorst played from the interchange bench for Leeds in the 2015 Super League Grand Final, and helped to set-up the winning try for Josh Walters, in a 22-20 victory over Wigan.
Keinhorst scored a hat-trick of tries for Leeds in round 2 of the 2018 Super League season, against Hull Kingston Rovers at Elland Road.
It was revealed at the end of the 2018 campaign, that Keinhorst would be departing Leeds to sign a contract to play for Hull Kingston Rovers.
Hull Kingston Rovers (2019 - present)
In October 2018, Keinhorst signed a three-year deal with Hull Kingston Rovers.
On 9 January 2019, Keinhorst received the number 4 jersey ahead of the start of the Super League season. On 13 January 2019, Keinhorst made his non-competitive Hull Kingston Rovers' début in a pre-season friendly against Widnes, Keinhorst claimed a 30-16 victory with his new club.
Keinhorst made his first competitive appearance for Hull Kingston Rovers in round 1 of the 2019 Super League season, Keinhorst scored a dramatic try in the final six seconds of the match on his début, going onto record a thrilling 18-16 victory over cross-city rivals Hull F.C. at Craven Park.
On 4 September 2020 it was reported that Keinhorst would resume with Hull KR after his loan period at the York City Knights.
Castleford (loan)
On 31 July 2021, it was reported that he had signed for Castleford in the Super League on a short-term loan
Representative career
Rugby union
He made his début for Germany in a match against Poland on 20 November 2010.
Keinhorst scored his first try for Germany a week later against the Netherlands in Amsterdam.
Rugby league
Keinhorst is the youngest of four rugby-playing brothers and qualifies to play for Germany through his German father Wolfgang, who has lived in the United Kingdom for many years.
Jimmy and his three brothers, Kristian, Markus and Nicholas set a world record in 2007, when they played in a rugby league international game for Germany against the Czech Republic, becoming the most siblings to play in a rugby league international match.
As of 2012, Keinhorst was the top try and point scorer for Germany.
Honours
Career awards and accolades
Rugby league
Club (Leeds Rhinos 2012-18)
Super League (1): 2015
League Leaders' Shield (1): 2015
Rugby union
Club (Heidelberger RK 2009-10)
German Rugby Union Championship (1): 2009–10
References
External links
Hull KR profile
Leeds Rhinos profile
SL profile
James Keinhorst at totalrugby.de
James Keinhorst at the DRV website
1990 births
Living people
Castleford Tigers players
Dual-code rugby internationals
English people of German descent
English rugby union players
German rugby league players
English rugby league players
German rugby union players
York City Knights players
Germany international rugby union players
Germany national rugby league team players
Heidelberger RK players
Hull Kingston Rovers players
Hunslet R.L.F.C. players
Leeds Rhinos players
Otley R.U.F.C. players
People educated at St. Mary's Catholic High School, Menston
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Leeds
Rugby union players from Leeds
Rugby union wings
Wakefield Trinity players
Widnes Vikings players
The Historic Eight Documents are a set of eight monographs authored by the Indian Maoist revolutionary Charu Majumdar that outline the ideological principles on which the Naxalite militant communist movement in India was based. They laid down the idea that the Indian State was a bourgeois institution and that the main Indian communist parties had embraced revisionism by agreeing to operate within the framework of the Constitution of India. They urged a Maoist protracted people's war to overthrow the Indian State. They denounced the Soviet Union both for being revisionist, and for supporting the Indian State.
Composition
28 January 1965 (1st document) - Our Tasks in the Present Situation
1965 (2nd document) - Make the People's Democratic Revolution Successful by Fighting Against Revisionism
9 April 1965 (3rd document) - What is the Source of the Spontaneous Revolutionary Outburst in India?
1965 (4th document) - Carry on the Struggle Against Modern Revisionism
1965 (5th document) - What Possibility The Year 1965 is Indicating?
8 December 1966 (6th document) - The Main Task Today is the Struggle to Build Up the True Revolutionary Party Through Uncompromising Struggle Against Revisionism
1966 (7th document) - Take this Opportunity to Build armed partisan struggle by fighting against revisionism
April 1967 (8th document) - Carry Forward the Peasant Struggle by Fighting Revisionism
Impact and commentary
Both communist and non-communist sources describe these monographs as a significant inspiring factor for the Naxalbari uprising in 1967.
See also
Naxalite
Parliamentary cretinism
References
External links
Charu Majumdar Archives
Is there a Charu Mazumdar Thought?
8 (number)
1965 documents
1966 documents
1967 documents
Maoist works
Naxalite–Maoist insurgency
Monographs
500 East is a streetcar stop in South Salt Lake, Utah, served by Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) S Line (previously known as the Sugar House Streetcar). The S Line provides service from the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City to the city of South Salt Lake (where it connects with UTA's TRAX light rail system).
Description
The 500 East stop is located at 2234 South 500 East, just west of South 500 East. The single set of tracks diverges to form a passing track at this stop, thus permitting (as planned in its schedule) two cars to stop at the stop at the same time. (The two tracks continue east across 500 East before merging back to a single set.) The two side platforms are located on the far north and south sides of the tracks. There is very limited street-side parking possible nearby. The stop began service on December 8, 2013, and is operated by Utah Transit Authority.
References
UTA streetcar stops
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2013
Railway stations in Salt Lake County, Utah
2013 establishments in Utah
Yannik Cudjoe-Virgil (born November 28, 1992) is a former American football outside linebacker for National Football League (NFL). He played college football at the University of Maryland College Park where he was a pre-season selection in 2014 for the Butkus Award as the best Linebacker in college football. As of 2019 he was working in real estate.
Early years
Cudjoe-Virgil attended and played high school football at Towson High School.
College career
Seton Hill University
Freshman season (2010)
As a freshman at Seton Hill University, he played in 10 of 11 games and posted 14 tackles on the year. He contributed on special teams.
Sophomore season (2011)
As a sophomore he was elected team captain in the spring. Played all 11 games at Defensive End. Posted 44 tackles, including 8 tackles for loss and 5 sacks. Currently holds the single season school record for blocked kicks in a season (6) including a record of two in one game.
Maryland
Junior season (2012)
As a junior, he transferred to the University of Maryland College Park and joined the team as a walk-on where he redshirted
due to NCAA transfer rules. Earned a scholarship prior to the 2013 season.
Redshirt junior season (2013)
As a redshirt junior he was elected team captain. Cudjoe-Virgil made his Maryland debut against FIU (8/31) before making his first career start and notching a sack against Old Dominion (9/7). He tailed 7 tackles, 2.5 sacks and 3 tackles for loss against Connecticut
(9/14). Cudjoe-Virgil recorded his first interception against West Virginia (9/21). After 6 games he suffered a season-ending injury (torn pectoral muscle).
Redshirt senior season (2014)
As a redshirt senior he was one of 51 selected in the preseason for the Butkus Award watch list for the best linebacker in college football.
Elected team captain, Cudjoe-Virgil suffered a foot injury during training camp and missed the first 3 regular season games.
He appeared in 9 games and recorded 2 sacks and 2.5 TFL. After his redshirt senior season, Cudjoe-Virgil entered the 2015 NFL Draft.
Professional career
Cudjoe-Virgil was selected to participate in the 2015 NFL Combine. He was unable to participate due to injury. He benches pressed 225 lbs 25 times. At pro-day, he was clocked in at 4.5 to 4.6 in the 40-yard dash by NFL scouts.
Tennessee Titans
2015 season
The Tennessee Titans signed Cudjoe-Virgil after the 2015 NFL Draft to a 3-year 1.56M contract. After a strong mini-camp by national writers, he appeared in his first preseason game against the Atlanta Falcons on August 14, 2015. He suffered a torn hamstring and was placed on injured reserve. Cudjoe-Virgil made his debut for the Tennessee Titans week 12 on November 29, 2015. In week 14 he suffered a season ending torn patella tendon. He was placed on Injured Reserve for the remaining season.
2016 season
Cudjoe-Virgil suffered a re-tear of his torn patella tendon during rehabilitation and missed all of the 2016 season. He was released by the Tennessee Titans prior to the 2016 season.
2017 season
After complications from surgery, Cudjoe-Virgil retired in 2017.
Personal life
Cudjoe-Virgil was a commercial real estate investor as of 2019.
References
1992 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Maryland Terrapins football players
Tennessee Titans players
Trinidad and Tobago players of American football
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Jawbreaker may refer to:
Gobstopper, a hard candy with multiple layers
Arts and entertainment
Jawbreakers (album), an album by Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and Harry "Sweets" Edison
Jawbreaker (band), an American rock band
Jawbreakers (duo)
Jawbreaker (film), a 1999 American film
Jawbreaker (Transformers), several fictional characters in the Transformers universes
Jawbreaker (TV series), a Canadian talk show
Jawbreaker (video game), a 1981 Pac-Man clone
Jawbreaker (Windows Mobile game), a 2003 video game
"Jawbreaker", a song by The Dead Weather from Sea of Cowards
"Jawbreaker", a song by Judas Priest from Defenders of the Faith
"Jawbreaker", a song by Machine Gun Kelly (musician)
Other uses
Jawbreaker, the code name for the CIA team that operated in Afghanistan in September 2001
Jawbreaker: The Attack on bin Laden and al-Qaeda, a book by Gary Berntsen
Jawbreaker, a type of professional wrestling throw
See also
Ed, Edd n Eddy: Jawbreakers!, a 2003 video game
Ganges was launched in 1778 as an East Indiaman. She made six voyages for the British East India Company (EIC), and one voyage as transport for a naval expedition. She was last listed in 1796.
Career
EIC voyage #1 (1779–1781)
Captain George Richardson sailed from Portsmouth on 7 May 1779, bound for Madras and Bengal. Ganges was at Madeira on 5 April and Gorée on 10 May. She reached Madras on 18 September and arrived at Kedgeree on 11 November. Homeward bound, she was at Barrabulla (near Kedgeree) on 10 January 1780. She was again at Madras on 24 February, and reached St Augustine's Bay (Madagascar), on 14 June, and the Cape of Good Hope on 25 August. She was at St Helena on 29 October, and reached Crookhaven on 9 January 1781. She arrived art The Downs on 8 February.
EIC voyage #2 (1782–1785)
Captain John Hamilton Dempster sailed from Portsmouth on 6 February 1782, bound for Madras, Bombay, Bengal, and China. Ganges was at Rio de Janeiro on 29 April. She reached Bombay on 6 September and Madras on 19 October, and arrived at Culpee, on the Hooghli River, on 21 January 1783. Ganges was at Sagar Island on 29 April, and Bombay again on 3 August. Bound for China, she was at Anjengo on 19 October, Bencoolen on 11 November, and Batavia on 21 November. She arrived at Whampoa anchorage on 14 February 1784. Homeward bound, she crossed the Second Bar on 24 March. She was at Simon's Bay on 6 September and reached Cork on 8 January 1785; she arrived at Deptford on 9 April.
EIC voyage #3 (1786–1787)
Captain James Williamson sailed from Portsmouth on 1 February 1786, bound for Madras and Bengal. Ganges was at Johanna on 15 May, reached Madras on 17 June, and arrived at Diamond Harbour on 30 June. Homeward bound, she was at Cox's Island on 29 November, reached St Helena on 24 May 1787, and arrived at Long reach on 28 July.
EIC voyage #4 (1789–1790)
Captain Joseph Garnault sailed from the Downs on 29 March 1789, bound for China. Ganges reached Whampoa on 25 August. Homeward bound, she crossed the Second Bar on 14 December, reached St Helena on 18 February 1790, and arrived at Long Reach on 26 April.
EIC voyage #5 (1792–1793)
(5) 1791/2 Madras and Bengal. Captain Garnault sailed from The Downs on 17 January 1792, bound for Madras and Bengal. Ganges reached Madras on 9 June and arrived at Diamond Harbour on 2 July. Homeward bound, she was at "Broken Ground" (probably a location on the Hooghli), on 28 August. She was at Madras on 29 September and the Cape on 7 December. She reached St Helena on 22 December and Falmouth on 22 February 1793, before arriving at Long Reach on 20 March.
EIC voyage #6 (1794-1795)
By the time Ganges sailed again, war with France had broken out. Captain Garnault acquired a letter of marque on 14 November 1793.
The British government held Ganges at Portsmouth, together with a number of other Indiamen in anticipation of using them as transports for an attack on Île de France (Mauritius). It gave up the plan and released the vessels in May 1794. It paid £458 6s 8d for having delayed her departure for China by 22 days.
Captain Garnault sailed from Portsmouth on 2 May 1794, bound for China. Ganges arrived at Whampoa on 13 October. Homeward bound, she crossed the Second Bar on 13 December, reached St Helena on 13 April 1795, and arrived at Long Reach on 25 July.
West Indies expedition (1795–1796)
On her return, her owners sold Ganges for breaking up. However, her new owners chartered her to the British government as at transport for Admiral Hugh Cloberry Christian's expedition to the West Indies.
The expedition sailed on 6 October, 16 November, and 9 December, but weather forced the vessels to put back. The fleet finally successfully sailed on 20 March to invade St Lucia, with troops under Lieutenant-General Sir Ralph Abercromby. St Lucia surrendered to the British on 25 May. The British went on to capture Saint Vincent and Grenada.
Fate
Ganges disappeared from online records after 1796. A new appeared in 1797 sailing for the EIC.
Citations and references
Citations
References
1778 ships
Age of Sail ships of England
Ships of the British East India Company
In Cook Islands mythology (Aitutaki), Nganaoa is a hero who sighted and killed unusually large animals in the ocean while sailing with Rata.
Family
Nganaoa is the son of Vaiaroa and Tairi-tokerau. He discovered his parents on an island, sitting next to a sennit.
Boat request
Rata retrieved a canoe with his grandmother. He requested to enter the boat, claiming that he was excellent at flying kites. However, it did not please Rata, and Nganaoa was thrown overboard. However, Rata changed his mind and let him on the boat.
Monsters
Nganaoa sighted a large clam and shouted to Rata "O Rata! A fearful enemy is rising up from the sea!". Nganaoa was prepared and threw a spear into the clams stomach. After killing the clam, he claimed he saw another one.
Along the way, he discovered giant octopuses and whales. He attempted to kill a whale with his spear, but it broke into half. Before he was almost smashed by the whale, he cut him in half with both pieces of his spear.
References
Cook Islands mythology
Heroes in mythology and legend
Yevgeniy Dorokhin is a Russian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-2000s. He won a silver medal in the C-4 200 m event at the 2007 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.
References
Living people
Russian male canoeists
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Louis Robert Golic (June 19, 1931 – June 28, 2013) was a Canadian football player who played for the Montreal Alouettes, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1957. He played college football at Indiana University Bloomington. He was the father of American football players Mike Golic and Bob Golic as well as the grandfather of Mike Golic Jr.
References
1931 births
2013 deaths
American football offensive linemen
American players of Canadian football
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Indiana Hoosiers football players
Montreal Alouettes players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
People from Willowick, Ohio
Players of American football from Ohio
John Turner (circa 1816 – 30 July 1858) was an English first-class cricketer and clergyman.
The son of John Turner senior, he was born at Bloomsbury circa 1816. He was educated at Winchester College, before going up to Balliol College, Oxford. While studying at Oxford, he played first-class cricket for Oxford University on two occasions in 1837, both against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Oxford and Lord's respectively. He scored a total of 64 runs in his two matches, with a high score of 35.
After graduating from Oxford, he took holy orders in the Church of England. He was the rector of Tiffield in Northamptonshire from 1853, until his death at Southampton in July 1858.
References
External links
Date of birth unknown
1858 deaths
People from Bloomsbury
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
19th-century English Anglican priests
Charles Vandeleur Creagh (4 October 1842 – 18 September 1917) was Governor of North Borneo from 1888 to 1895.
Career
Creagh was educated at the Royal Naval School, New Cross and Eastman's Royal Naval Academy at Southsea. He was a barrister at the Middle Temple.
Creagh spent many years in government service in Hong Kong and is recorded as Acting Captain Superintendent of Police in 1867.
He posted as the Assistant Resident of Perak, Governor of North Borneo (1888–1895) and Governor and Commander-in-Chief, Labuan (1891–1895).
Personal life
Charles Vandeleur Creagh was the second son of Captain John Creagh, RN of Cahirbane Co. Clare, Ireland. His younger brother became General O'Moore Creagh VC GCB GCSI (1848–1923).
Creagh married Blanche Frances Edwardes (1858–1948), daughter of Captain Frederick Augustus Edwardes (1829–1878) of Rhyd-y-gors in June 1882. Their elder son became Rear-Admiral James Vandeleur Creagh DSO (1883–1956). Their younger son went on to become Second Lieutenant O'Moore Charles Creagh (1896–1918) of the Royal Field Artillery, who was killed in action during the German Spring Offensive at Feuillaucourt, near Mont Saint-Quentin, on 23 March 1918, aged 21. They also had a daughter Dorothy Creagh.
Contributions
He donated his collection of Bornean plants to Kew Gardens.
Honours and legacy
He was made a CMG in 1890. The Bauhinia Creaghi Baker, a Caesalpiniaceae family plant species, was named after him as was the Creagh Road in Taiping.
Sources
Victor Plarr, Men and Women of the Time: A Dictionary of Contemporaries, 1899
Edmund Burke, The Annual Register, 1918
Ray Desmond, Dictionary of British and Irish Botanists and Horticulturists: Including Plant Collectors, Flower Painters and Garden Designers, 1977
Bauhinia Creaghi Baker
References
1842 births
1917 deaths
Administrators in British Malaya
Administrators in British Borneo
Governors of North Borneo
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
People educated at Eastman's Royal Naval Academy
The chestnut-capped babbler (Timalia pileata) is a passerine bird of the family Timaliidae. It is monotypic within the genus Timalia.
Distribution
This bird is native in Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, and Vietnam.
The Sukla Phanta Wildlife Reserve in Nepal represents the western limit of its distribution.
References
Collar, N. J., Robson, C. (2007) Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 In: del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A., Christie, D.A. (eds.) Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
External links
BirdLife International: chestnut-capped babbler
chestnut-capped babbler
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of South China
Birds of Nepal
Birds of India
chestnut-capped babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marie Pavie (fl. 1600) was a calligrapher active in France at the beginning of the seventeenth century and possibly the first woman to have published a copybook, Le premier essay de la plume de Marie Pavie, under her own name.
Life & work
Pavie, along with Dutch calligrapher Maria Strick, the other contender for the position of first woman to publish a copybook under her own name, were part of a vanishingly small group of professional early-modern women calligraphers. Little is known about Pavie's life and there are only two copies of her book extant, and one of those partial: the Newberry Library in Chicago holds the only known complete copy, and the Bibliothèque nationale de France in Paris has some leaves. Copybooks tended to receive heavy usage and many have not survived.
References
Bibliography
Mediavilla, Claude. History of French calligraphy. Paris: 2006, p.192.
Le premier essay de la plume de Marie Pavie. S.l., 1608. 4° obl., 25 pl. (Newberry Library, Chicago: Wing ZW 639.P283, 15 pl. Available online).
See also
List of female calligraphers
16th-century calligraphers
17th-century calligraphers
Calligraphers
women calligraphers
Lion is a 2016 Australian biographical film directed by Garth Davis (in his feature debut) and written by Luke Davies, based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose. Starring Sunny Pawar, Dev Patel, Rooney Mara, David Wenham and Nicole Kidman, the film focuses on Saroo Brierley, separated from his biological mother and adopted by an Australian couple, searched his biological mother via Google Earth. The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on 10 September 2016. The film was given a limited theatrical release on 25 November 2016, by The Weinstein Company before opening generally on 6 January 2017. The film was released in Australia on 19 January 2017 and in the United Kingdom on 20 January 2017. The film was released to positive reviews, with a Rotten Tomatoes approval rating of 84%, based on 269 reviews, and an average rating of 7.3/10. Metacritic lists a score of 69 out of 100, based on 45 reviews.
Lion received six nominations at the 89th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor for Patel, Best Supporting Actress for Kidman, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Original Score and Best Cinematography. At the British Academy Film Awards, the film won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for Patel and Best Adapted Screenplay, in addition to a Best Actress in a Supporting Role nomination for Kidman and Best Original Music and Best Cinematography nominations. The film received six nominations at Critics' Choice Awards, including Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor for Patel, Best Supporting Actress for Kidman, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Score and Best Young Performer for Pawar. The film received four nominations at Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for Patel, Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture for Kidman and Best Original Score. The film received five nominations at Satellite Awards, including Best Film, Best Supporting Actor for Patel, Best Supporting Actress for Kidman, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Editing.
Accolades
Notes
References
External links
Lists of accolades by film
Peters is a census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California. Peters sits at an elevation of . The 2020 United States census reported Peters' population was 472, which is lower from 672 at The 2010 United States census.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 2.5 square miles (6.6 km), 99.76% of it land and 0.24% of it water.
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Peters had a population of 672. The population density was . The racial makeup of Peters was 532 (79.2%) White, 7 (1.0%) African American, 15 (2.2%) Native American, 20 (3.0%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 60 (8.9%) from other races, and 38 (5.7%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 153 persons (22.8%).
The Census reported that 672 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 207 households, out of which 82 (39.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 150 (72.5%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 21 (10.1%) had a female householder with no husband present, 8 (3.9%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 9 (4.3%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 2 (1.0%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 19 households (9.2%) were made up of individuals, and 6 (2.9%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.25. There were 179 families (86.5% of all households); the average family size was 3.43.
The population was spread out, with 170 people (25.3%) under the age of 18, 64 people (9.5%) aged 18 to 24, 135 people (20.1%) aged 25 to 44, 229 people (34.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 74 people (11.0%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.
There were 220 housing units at an average density of , of which 186 (89.9%) were owner-occupied, and 21 (10.1%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.6%; the rental vacancy rate was 4.5%. 613 people (91.2% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 59 people (8.8%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in San Joaquin County, California
Census-designated places in California
Anti-MAG peripheral neuropathy is a specific type of peripheral neuropathy in which the person's own immune system attacks cells that are specific in maintaining a healthy nervous system. As these cells are destroyed by antibodies, the nerve cells in the surrounding region begin to lose function and create many problems in both sensory and motor function. Specifically, antibodies against myelin-associated glycoprotein (MAG) damage Schwann cells. While the disorder occurs in only 10% of those afflicted with peripheral neuropathy, people afflicted have symptoms such as muscle weakness, sensory problems, and other motor deficits usually starting in the form of a tremor of the hands or trouble walking. There are, however, multiple treatments that range from simple exercises in order to build strength to targeted drug treatments that have been shown to improve function in people with this type of peripheral neuropathy.
Background
Myelination by Schwann cells
Myelin is an important part of neuron cells and provides insulation allowing the neuron's action potential to travel faster and more consistently. In order to provide insulation, multiple layers of closely opposing membrane are wrapped around the axon. By acting as an electrical insulator, the conduction ability of the axon is sped up considerably allowing action potentials to travel at a much faster rate, about fifteen times faster in certain cases. This ability allows the nervous system to send messages faster and more accurately. Disruption of the myelin sheath on cells that are normally myelinated allows leakage of action potential much like a faulty wire will allow leakage of electricity in a circuit. This slows the messages being sent along those nerves and disrupts normal function.
Schwann cells are the cells in the peripheral nervous system that create and maintain myelin sheaths on neurons. These are the glial cells of the peripheral nervous system and are located around the axons that they serve. Damage to these cells result in degeneration of the myelin sheath and inevitably lead to problems in communication for the nervous system.
Myelin-associated glycoprotein
Myelin-associated glycoprotein (MAG) is a glycoprotein that is specific to Schwann cells, which create myelin for nerve cells in the peripheral nervous system. Research through cloning of the rat MAG gene has shown that it is a type I transmembrane protein meaning that it contains domains both inside the cell membrane and outside the cell membrane. Expression of this glycoprotein is very specific to myelin-forming cells and begins very early in the myelination process in order to function in the early development of axons in the central nervous system. The expression continues to be relatively high even in mature animals, however, suggesting that it is associated with not only formation but maintenance as well.
Research through knockout mice, or mice with the MAG gene removed, has shown that this glycoprotein serves heavily in the formation of myelin but also show that early development of the peripheral nervous system is relatively normal even without the presence of MAG. The knockout mice generally show many motor deficits, however, as they age caused by the degeneration of the myelinated axons further suggesting the need for these glycoproteins in maintenance of the sheaths.
While it is still unclear as to the exact mechanism or pathway by which MAG affects myelination, studies suggest that MAG serves in a receptor role to begin a signaling cascade begun by activation from an external source. MAG has also been shown to bind as a ligand to a receptor on the axonal surface which suggests that the external stimulus activating the creation of myelin comes from the nerve cell or cells that these glycoproteins are bound to.
MAG antibodies
Antibodies are created by the body that can then attack and disrupt the function of myelin associated glycoproteins. These antibodies have been found to bind to the external domain of the glycoproteins and inhibit any other signaling to occur. As these proteins are important in various signal cascades that eventually lead to the Schwann cells creating myelin, these antibodies basically halt myelin creation leading to the neuropathy. There is still, however, much debate as to the actual cause for these antibodies to be created. There has been some research to suggest that these antibodies are linked to various forms of amyloidosis as patients with amyloidosis experience elevated anti-MAG antibodies usually leading to a form of neuropathy. This does not, however, provide any evidence as to the mechanisms behind the creation of the antibodies.
Symptoms and signs
Common
People with this disease have shown many sensory and muscular symptoms. Most patients have a sensory ataxia, or sensory loss in various extremities, along with mild to moderate muscle weakness, usually starting in the toes and fingers and moving inward. Most patients also present a mild to moderate tremor in the extremities which increases as the disease progresses.
Severe
More severe symptoms occur after the disease progresses and there is much more damage to the myelin sheaths in the peripheral nervous system. These can present as debilitating tremors that prevent patients from doing normal tasks, complete sensory loss on limbs, and, in some cases, extensive muscle atrophy.
Diagnosis
Detection of this type of neuropathy has concentrated mostly on detecting presence of antibodies because the antibodies are the main cause for the disease. Anti-MAG antibodies can be readily detected in a patient's sera using various types of assays, but mainly an ELISA has been shown to be most effective. There are also various biological indicators, such as elevated cerebral spinal fluid proteins and elevated IgM monoclonal levels. These can also be tested either by drawing serum from a patient or by drawing spinal fluid from a spinal tap and testing using an assay or blot.
Treatments
Drug and therapeutic treatments exist in order to battle this disease; though many have proven ineffective.
Immunotherapy and chemotherapy
While immunotherapy works for some patients in relieving minor symptoms, overall most conventional therapies using steroids, immunosuppressants, chemotherapy, and intravenous immunoglobulin therapies have not helped most patients. This has created a need for newer and more novel therapies to be developed.
Chlorambucil and prednisone
Chlorambucil is a chemotherapy drug normally used to treat leukemia as it is often used as an immunosuppressant drug, and prednisone is a steroid that has also been found to be particularly effective as an immunosuppressant. This combination of drugs has minimal to no benefits in most patients, but a small number do see small improvements such as decreased tremors. This combination has not been very effective in more severe cases, though, and is not considered a long term therapy.
Cyclophosphamide
Cyclophosphamide is a drug often used in the treatment of lymphomas and works by slowing or stopping cell growth. It also works as an immunosuppressant by decreasing the body's immune response to various diseases and conditions. This drug has been found to make significant improvements in people with anti-MAG neuropathy by relieving sensory loss and helping to improve quality of life in a few short months. There is, however, a risk of cancer because of this treatment and is therefore not used on a regular basis.
Fludarabine
Fludarabine is a drug normally used to treat hematological malignancies and acts as an immunosuppressant. It has been shown to significantly improve conditions in neuropathy patients, but because of the lack of studies it is not used regularly. There is also a danger of potential toxicity as the treatment takes a year to stabilize the patient.
Intravenous immunoglobulin
Intravenous immunoglobulin is a blood product administered by IV. It is used to treat various immune deficiencies and autoimmune diseases. While this has been shown to be effective on various types of disorders, there have been no studies that show promise in this technique treating anti-MAG neuropathies.
Most promising drug: Rituximab
Rituximab is considered to be one of the most promising drugs in the treatment of anti-MAG peripheral neuropathy. This drug is an antibody against a protein which is primarily found on the surface of B cells which, when attached, destroys the B cells. This drug has been used as a treatment in many autoimmune diseases as well as lymphomas and transplant rejection. Because of its ability to suppress the immune system, it has been used to treat anti-MAG neuropathy in the hopes that it will destroy cells that would target necessary glycoproteins on the Schwann cells. Studies in patients has shown that most patients experience marked increase in sensory and motor abilities within the first few months of therapy. There are, however, long term studies that have shown that treatment with rituximab can create many immune problems. As with most immunosuppressant drugs, there is a risk of other infections and diseases that are normally easily fought off by the immune system will be allowed take a foothold. Studies have shown that after long term treatment, patients experience many of these problems as well as a decline in their neuropathy. This has led to further studies being conducted on the drug's safety profile and overall effectiveness as a treatment.
Unfortunately, more recent studies have concluded that "rituximab is ineffective in improving ISS in patients with IgM anti-MAG demyelinating neuropathy."
Current research
Current research has focused mostly on determining treatment options. This has been studied through clinical trials with drugs listed previously or through new therapy techniques that delay loss in function. Most drugs being studied are immunosuppressants that can attack the antibodies or other aspects in the hope of preventing damage to the Schwann cells. This will, ideally, prevent the loss of myelination on peripheral nerve fibers.
References
External links
Glial cells
Peripheral nervous system disorders
The Sjønstå Hydroelectric Power Station ( or Sjønstå kraftstasjon) is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county, Norway. It is located about south-southwest of Sjønstå. It utilizes a drop of in the Sjønstå River between Langvatnet (Long Lake) and Øvervatnet (Upper Lake). The plant is a river power station without its own reservoir. It also draws water from the Tverr River and one stream intake. The plant has two 35 MW Francis turbines for an installed capacity of , with an average annual production of about 282 GWh. It is owned by Salten Kraftsamband and came into operation in 1983. The plant reuses water that was previously utilized by the Lomi and Fagerli hydroelectric power stations.
See also
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Norway
Fauske
Energy infrastructure completed in 1993
1983 establishments in Norway
The 1st CC.NN. Division "Dio lo Vuole" ("God wills it"), was one of the three Italian Blackshirts Divisions sent to Spain during the Spanish Civil War to make up the "Corpo Truppe Volontarie" (Corps of Volunteer Troops), or CTV.
1st CC.NN. Division "Dio lo vuole" – Bgd. Gen. Edmondo Rossi
1st Group of Banderas – Lt. Coronel Aristide Frezza.
533 Bandera "Aquila"
? Bandera "Leone"
524 Bandera "Carroccio" – Mayor Luigi Giulani
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
2nd Group of Banderas – Colonel Costantino Salvi
235 Bandera "Indomita" – Seniore Alberto Montanardi
Bandera "Folgore" – 1st Seniore Michele Olivas
Bandera "Falco" – Seniore Arnaldo Rocchi
Support Battery 65/17 "Centauro"
Engineers Section
3rd Grupo de Banderas – Coronel Mario Mazza.
640 bis Bandera "Lupi"
524 Bandera "Uragano"
635 Bandera "Tempesta"
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
"Carabinieri" Section
Intendencia Section
Sanitation Section
Truck Unit
The Blackshirt (Camicie Nere, or CC.NN.) Divisions contained regular soldiers and volunteer militia from the National Fascist Party. The CC.NN. divisions were semi-motorised.
Sources
de Mesa, José Luis, El regreso de las legiones: (la ayuda militar italiana a la España nacional, 1936-1939), García Hispán, Granada:España, 1994
Divisions of Italy in the Spanish Civil War
Blackshirt divisions of Italy
An Ozark Odyssey is an autobiographical memoir written by Pulitzer Prize nominee William Childress. The book tells the story of Childress' turbulent childhood and youth in the American Ozarks, his relationship with his stoic stepfather Jay Childress, and his journey into adulthood.
The book was published in 2006 by Southern Illinois University Press.
External links
An Ozark Odyssey at Amazon.com (hardcover edition)
2006 non-fiction books
American memoirs
Ozarks
Julie Laipply is an American television personality, speaker and author who is recognized for her work promoting youth leadership development.
Laipply won the Miss Virginia USA 2002 title in a state pageant held in late 2001. She represented Virginia in the Miss USA 2002 pageant broadcast live from Gary, Indiana in March 2002.
Laipply graduated from the Ohio State University Honors Program with a degree in Leadership Studies in 2000. She competed in the Miss Ohio system prior to competing at Miss Virginia USA, and used the scholarship money she received to pay for college. She moved to Virginia to become a consultant for a training firm contracted by The Pentagon where she served as a Senior Management Consultant in leadership training and development.
In addition to being a professional speaker who has traveled the country, Laipply received a New York Emmy-nomination for her work hosting positive, family friendly programming with NYC Media in New York City.
References
External links
Official Website
Living people
Ohio State University alumni
1978 births
Miss USA 2002 delegates
Phineas Timothy Miller (May 3, 1810 – February 21, 1850) Was an American physician and a founding member of Yale's Skull and Bones Society.
Early life
Phineas Timothy Miller, son of Samuel and Mary (Gilbert) Miller, of Middletown, Connecticut, was born on 3 May 1810.
e in 135, And along with notable classmates such as Alphonso Taft, he helped to found Skull and Bones in 1832.
In 1841 he was made the Director of the New Haven Hospital.
He continued to practice his profession as a physician until 1849, with the exception of a short time spent operating an apothecary in New York City.
In January, 1849, he sailed from this city in the schooner Montague with a company bound for California. While in the mining region he was seized with chronic dysentery, and after being much enfeebled he embarked for home on the ship Clarissa Perkins. He died on shipboard, on February 21, 1850, in his 40th year, and was buried at sea.
Family
He married, in Rocky Hill parish, in Wethersfield, Connecticut, on August 31, 1836, Elvira, daughter of Henry and Anna (Butler) Whitmore, who survived him. Their children were three daughters and a son. The son and one daughter died in infancy.
References
1810 births
1850 deaths
People from Middletown, Connecticut
Physicians from Connecticut
Yale School of Medicine alumni
American hospital administrators
Skull and Bones Society
Guangzhou Tram (; or "YoungTram") is the tram system in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China. It is operated by Guangzhou Tram Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Guangzhou Metro Corporation.
Lines
As of September 2021, 2 lines (Haizhu Tram and Huangpu Tram Line 1) are in operation, 1 line (Huangpu Tram Line 2) in Huangpu District is under construction, and several lines in Huangpu District, Zengcheng District, Guangzhou South Railway Station, Guangzhou Baiyun Airport and other places are being planned.
Haizhu
The first trial section of the Haizhu Island Circular New Tram (; or THZ1) opened on 31 December 2014. It is located in northern shore of Haizhu Island and runs from Canton Tower station to Wanshengwei station, making a total of 10 stops and in length.
Huangpu
According to a document released by Huangpu District Government in 2017, 13 tram lines are planned in the area.
Construction of Huangpu's first tram line, Huangpu Tram Line 1 (), started in March 2018. It operates between Xiangxue and Xinfeng Lu (), connecting central Huangpu and Changlingju area. Trail operation without passengers started in September 2019. The initial section opened on 1 July 2020, and the remaining section opened on 28 December 2020.
In addition to line 1, Huangpu Tram Line 2 () started construction in December 2019 and is expected to be opened in 2022. It operates between Xiangxue and Nangang (), mainly serves residents of Xiangxue, Yunpu and Dongqu.
See also
Guangzhou Metro
Zhujiang New Town APM
References
External links
Transport in Guangzhou
Railway lines opened in 2014
2014 establishments in China
Lwów Scientific Society () was a Polish learned society founded in 1901 in Lwów by Oswald Balzer as the Association of Support of Polish Sciences. In 1920, the name was changed into Lwów Scientific Society, and after World War II, when the city of Lwów was annexed by the Soviet Union, the Society was moved to Wrocław, where it exists under the name Wrocław Scientific Society.
The Society was the most important of the scientific organizations of Lwów. Its purpose was development and progress of sciences in all areas of human knowledge. It was divided into three departments:
philological,
historical-philosophical,
mathematical-natural.
Also, there was a section of history of arts and culture.
Every year in June, a general meeting was called in which the director and secretary general made a report on Society's activities. It was financed by the Polish government as well as its own foundation and private donors. Members of the Society were divided into active and adopted, most of them were professors of Lwów's colleges. In 1927, the Society was directed by Oswald Balzer, and the deputy was Władysław Abraham.
Among members of the Society were such renowned names as Jan Baudouin de Courtenay, Aleksander Brückner, Stefan Banach, Henryk Arctowski, Benedykt Dybowski, Hugo Steinhaus and Rudolf Weigl.
Sources
Lwów's Almanach
1901 establishments in Poland
Organizations established in 1901
Hermesia is the scientific name of two genera of organisms and may refer to:
Hermesia (beetle), a genus of insects in the family Chrysomelidae
Hermesia (plant), a genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae, currently considered a synonym of Alchornea
Bannock County is a county in the southeastern part of Idaho. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 87,018, making it the sixth-most populous county in Idaho. The county seat and largest city is Pocatello. The county was established in 1893 and named after the local Bannock tribe. It is one of the counties with territories included in the Fort Hall Indian Reservation of the federally recognized Shoshone-Bannock Tribes.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.1%) is water. The Portneuf River flows through the county, meeting the Snake River (the American Falls Reservoir) at the county's lowest point, its northwestern corner. Bonneville Peak, on the eastern border in the Portneuf Range, is the county's highest point at 9,271 feet (2825 m) ASL; on its western slopes is the Pebble Creek ski area.
Adjacent counties
Bingham County - north
Caribou County - east
Franklin County - southeast
Oneida County - southwest
Power County - west
Highways
- Interstate 15
- Interstate 86
- US 30
- US 91
- SH-40
National protected area
Caribou National Forest (part)
Demographics
Bannock County is part of the Pocatello, Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 75,565 people, 27,192 households, and 19,224 families in the county. The population density was . There were 29,102 housing units at an average density of 26 per square mile (10/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 91.29% White, 0.59% Black or African American, 2.91% Native American, 0.99% Asian, 0.16% Pacific Islander, 2.08% from other races, and 1.98% from two or more races. 4.68% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 23.1% were of English, 14.2% German, 11.1% American and 7.4% Irish ancestry.
There were 27,192 households, out of which 36.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.70% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.30% were non-families. 22.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.20.
The county population contained 28.10% under the age of 18, 14.60% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 20.00% from 45 to 64, and 10.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,683, and the median income for a family was $44,192. Males had a median income of $36,056 versus $23,595 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,148. About 9.80% of families and 13.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.60% of those under age 18 and 7.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 82,839 people, 30,682 households, and 20,836 families in the county. The population density was . There were 33,191 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 89.8% white, 3.2% American Indian, 1.3% Asian, 0.8% black or African American, 0.2% Pacific islander, 2.1% from other races, and 2.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.4% were English, 16.9% were German, 9.3% were Irish, and 7.0% were American.
Of the 30,682 households, 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.1% were non-families, and 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.17. The median age was 31.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,848 and the median income for a family was $54,650. Males had a median income of $43,538 versus $28,870 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,275. About 10.6% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.6% of those under age 18 and 4.2% of those age 65 or over.
Government and politics
The last Democratic candidate for President to win the county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964, although subsequent Republican victories have been by smaller margins than those in neighboring counties, due to the presence of Idaho State University. The closest a Democrat has gotten to winning Bannock County since 1964 was in 1992 when Bill Clinton lost to George H. W. Bush by 2.9 percent.
Similar to other Idaho counties, an elected three-member county commission heads the county government. Other elected officials include clerk, treasurer, sheriff, assessor, coroner, and prosecutor.
Like other eastern Idaho counties, Bannock County has a significant Latter Day Saint population which tends to strongly vote Republican. However, a substantial trade union presence in the county - as well as the Idaho State University community - often gives Democrats an overall advantage, especially in local races. Bannock County routinely elects more Democrats than Republicans to county-level offices.
At the state level Bannock County is located in Legislative Districts 28 and 29. Democrats currently control two of these six seats in the Idaho Legislature. In 2016, Republicans were able to win House Seat A in District 29.
Idaho Department of Correction operates the Pocatello Women's Correctional Center (PWCC) in Pocatello and in Bannock County.
Communities
Cities
Arimo
Chubbuck
Downey
Inkom
Lava Hot Springs
McCammon
Pocatello
Census-designated places
Fort Hall (part)
Tyhee
Unincorporated communities
Blackrock
Portneuf
Robin
Swanlake
Virginia
Zenda
Education
School districts include:
Grace Joint School District 148
Marsh Valley Joint School District 21
Pocatello School District 25
Preston Joint School District 201
West Side Joint School District 202
There is also a Bureau of Indian Education (BIE)-affiliated school, Shoshone Bannock Jr./Sr. High School.
See also
List of counties in Idaho
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bannock County, Idaho
References
Further reading
The History of Bannock County, Idaho (1915)
External links
County website
Idaho counties
Pocatello, Idaho metropolitan area
1893 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1893
Eleonora (Eliso) Archaia (; born July 31, 1967), is a Georgian politician and businesswoman, who is currently serving in Kutaisi City Assembly. She was first elected in 2017. She is a member of the For Georgia party.
Early life and career
Eleonora Archaia was born in the small village of Narazeni in the Samegrelo region. Her father, Jondi Archaia was a factory worker. Her mother, Neli Logua, is a former school teacher. Archaia is the third of four daughters. Archaia spent her early years in Narazeni where she graduated from Narazeni public school in 1984. The same year she moved to Kutaisi, where she studied at the Alexander Tsulukidze's Kutaisi State Pedagogical Institute, at the Faculty of Methodology of Preschool Education and Psychology From 1984 to 1988. During perestroika, Archaia with her husband established a food processing factory in Kazakhstan and lived there for several years. From 1996 to 1998, she worked as a psychologist at the Kutaisi Economic Lyceum. From 1998 to 2002, she studied Law at Akaki Tsereteli State University. Shortly after, she left Kutaisi and moved to Tbilisi with her family. From 2002 to 2005, she worked at the Ministry of Justice of Georgia, as an advisor to the Human Resources Department. From 2005 to 2017, she held numerous positions in the restaurant and hospitality business and ran a family-owned restaurant chain.
Political career
In August 2017, Archaia announced that she would run for the Kutaisi City Council seat in the 2017 local election, as a candidate of the ruling Georgian Dream party in the Kakhianouri electoral district. She won her seat in the general election, with 49.9% of the vote. Shortly after the election, she was assigned to the Property Management, Economy and Urban Management Commission and Committee on Legal Affairs. The same year she was elected as a Deputy Chairman of the Georgian Dream Caucus.
On October 30, 2018, it was reported by the media that as a result of pressure from local authorities, an independent media agency Imereti News was closed down. The founder of the agency was the son of Eleonora Archaia. He stated that because of direct and indirect threats made against him and his family by Kutaisi Deputy Mayor and Deputy Governor of Imereti, he was forced to temporarily suspend operations of Imereti News Agency.
On February 18, 2021, Giorgi Gakharia resigned as Prime Minister, left the ruling Georgian Dream, and founded a new party in May. In August of the same year, Archaia announced via a Facebook post, that she had left the Georgian Dream and joined Gakharia's newly formed party. In September, Gakharia was nominated Kutaisi mayoral candidate and Party-list of City council members. Archaia was named as a lead candidate for City Assembly. After the 2021 local election, the For Georgia party got 6.71% of the vote and became the third biggest party in the Kutaisi City Assembly. Archaia was elected for the second time.
The day after the election Archaia's car was damaged. window glass was shattered, although her bag and mobile phone were not stolen. She stated that the incident was related to her political activities as she left the ruling party. Nobody has been detained and the case is not closed.
Committee assignments in city council
Committee on Health and Social Affairs
Committee on Finance and Budget
Gender Equality Council
Former Committee assignments
Committee on Legal Affairs (2017-2021)
Committee on Economy, Property Management and Urban Economy (2017-2021)
Electoral history
2017 Election for Kutaisi City Council District 7
'''
See also
Kutaisi City Assembly
For Georgia
References
1967 births
Living people
21st-century politicians from Georgia (country)
21st-century women politicians from Georgia (country)
Politicians from Georgia (country)
Mingrelians
People from Zugdidi
People from Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti
People from Kutaisi
politicians from Kutaisi
A cog is a type of ship that first appeared in the 10th century, and was widely used from around the 12th century on. Cogs were clinker-built, generally of oak. These vessels were fitted with a single mast and a square-rigged single sail. They were mostly associated with seagoing trade in north-west medieval Europe, especially the Hanseatic League. Typical seagoing cogs ranged from about 15 to 25 meters (49 to 82 ft) in length, with a beam of 5 to 8 meters (16 to 26 ft) and were 30–200 tons burthen. Cogs were rarely as large as 300 tons although a few were considerably larger, over 1,000 tons.
Although the name cog is recorded as early as the 9th century, the seagoing vessel of that name seems to have evolved on the Frisian coast during the 12th century. Cogs progressively replaced Viking-type ships in northern waters during the 13th century. Why this was the case is uncertain, but cogs could carry more cargo than knarr of a similar size. Their flat bottoms allowed them to settle on a level in harbour, making them easier to load and unload. Their high sides made them more difficult to board in a sea fight, which may have made them safer from pirates.
Description and construction
Cogs were a type of round ship, characterized by a flush-laid flat bottom at midships which gradually shifted to overlapped strakes near the posts. They were propelled by a single, large, rectangular sail. Typical seagoing cogs ranged from about 15 to 25 meters (49 to 82 ft) in length with a beam of 5 to 8 meters (16 to 26 ft) and were 40–200 tons burthen. Cogs were rarely as large as 300 tons, although a very small number were considerably larger, over 1,000 tons. A rule of thumb for crew size was that one sailor, exclusive of any dedicated fighting men, was required for every 10 tons burthen of the cog, although this may generate a suggested crew size on the low side of Medieval practice. Crews of up to 45 for civilian cogs are recorded, and 60 for a 240 ton cog being used for military transportation.
Cogs were typically constructed largely of oak, and had full lapstrake, or clinker, planking covering their sides, generally starting from the bilge strakes, with double-clenched iron nails for plank fastenings. At the stem, chases are formed; that is, in each case, the land of the lower strake is tapered to a feather edge at the end of the strake where it meets the stem or stern-post. This allows the end of the strake to be fastened to the apron with the outside of the planking mutually flush at that point and flush with the stem. This means that the boat's passage through the water will not tend to lift the ends of the planking away from the stem. Before the next plank is fitted, the face of the land on the lower strake is bevelled to suit the angle at which the next strake will lie in relation with it. This varies all along the land. The new strake is held in position on the preceding one before the fastening is done.
The keel, or keelplank, was only slightly thicker than the adjacent garboards and had no rabbet. Both stem and stern-posts were straight and rather long, and connected to the keelplank through intermediate pieces called hooks. The lower plank hoods terminated in rabbets in the hooks and posts, but upper hoods were nailed to the exterior faces of the posts. Caulking was generally tarred moss that was inserted into curved grooves, covered with wooden laths, and secured by metal staples called sintels. The cog-built structure would be completed with a stern-mounted, hanging, central rudder on a heavy stern-post, which was a uniquely northern development. The single, thick, mast was set forward of amidships, stepped into the keelplank and equipped with a single large, rectangular, square-rigged sail. The masts of larger vessels would be of composite construction. Complicated systems of rigging were developed to support the mast and to operate the sail. Cordage was usually hemp or flax and the sail hemp-based canvas. From the 13th century cogs would be decked and larger vessels would be fitted with a stern castle, to afford more cargo space by keeping the crew and tiller up, out of the way; and to give the helmsman a better view.
A cog, compared with the carvel-built vessels more traditional in the Mediterranean, was expensive and required specialist shipwrights. However, their simpler sail setup meant that cogs only required half the crew of similar-sized vessels equipped with lateen sails, as were common in the Mediterranean. A structural benefit of clinker construction is that it produces a vessel that can safely twist and flex around its long axis (running from bow to stern), which is an advantage in North Atlantic rollers, provided the vessel has a small overall displacement. A limitation of cogs is that they lack points to mount additional masts: at least some fore-and-aft sails are desirable for maneuverability but clinker-built cogs were effectively limited to a single sail. This made them unhandy, limiting their ability to tack in the harbor and making them very reliant on wind direction at the start of voyages. The flat bottom permitted cogs to be readily beached and unloaded at low tide when quays were not available; a useful trait when purpose-built jetties were not common. Cogs were expected to have a working life of approximately 40 years.
History
The classic cog, with a rear-mounted rudder, is first mentioned in 948 AD. These early cogs were influenced by the Norse knarr, which was the main trade vessel in northern Europe at the time, which used a steering oar. Cogs could carry more cargo than knarrs; the rudder made steering easier than did the steering oar of the knarr, especially for larger vessels; and cogs were cheaper to build. The latter was due to the cog's use of sawn, rather than split, timber. Fore and stern castles would be added for defense against pirates, or to enable the use of these vessels as warships. The stern castle also afforded more cargo space below by keeping the crew and tiller up, out of the way.
Current archaeological evidence points to the Frisian coast or Western Jutland as the possible birthplace of this type of vessel. The transformation of the cog into a true seagoing trader came not only during the time of the intense trade between West and East but also as a direct answer to the closure of the western entrance to the Limfjord. For centuries, the Limfjord in northern Jutland offered a fairly protected passage between the North Sea and the Baltic. Due to its unusual geographical conditions and strong currents, the passage was constantly filling with sand and was completely blocked by the early 12th century. This change produced new challenges. The larger ships, which could not be pulled across the sand bars, had to sail around the Jutland peninsula and circumnavigate the dangerous Cape Skagen to get to the Baltic. This resulted in major modifications to old ship structures, which can be observed by analyzing the evolution of the earliest cog finds of Kollerup, Skagen, and Kolding. This caused a boom in the number of small cogs, and the need for spacious and seaworthy ships led to the development of the cog as the workhorse of the Hanseatic League. It soon became the main cargo carrier in the Atlantic and Baltic waters.
Eventually, around the 14th century, the cog reached its structural limits, and larger or more seaworthy vessels needed to be of a different type. This was the hulk, which already existed but was much less common than the cog. There is no evidence that hulks descended from cogs, but it is clear that a lot of technological ideas were adapted between the two types. The transition from cogs to hulks was not linear, according to some interpretations, both vessels coexisted for many centuries but followed diverse lines of evolution.
Archaeology
The most famous cog in existence today is the Bremen cog. It dates from the 1380s and was found in 1962; until then, cogs had only been known from medieval documents and seals. In 1990 the well-preserved remains of a Hanseatic cog were discovered in the estuary sediment of the Pärnu River in Estonia which has been dated to 1300. In 2012, a cog dating from the early 15th century was discovered preserved from the keel up to the decks in the silt of the River IJssel in the city of Kampen, Netherlands. During its excavation and recovery an intact brick dome oven and glazed tiles were found in the galley as well as a number of other artifacts. In April 2022, a 13th Century cog was found in Tallinn, Estonia during highway construction. It is believed to be better preserved than the Bremen cog and a dendrochronology test on the wood has dated the wreck to 1298 – 82 years older than the Bremen Cog. The ship is 24 meters long and nine meters wide. The boards are intact up to three meters from the bottom of the ship.
See also
Medieval ships
Notes, citations and sources
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
Description and pictures of cogs
The sailing properties of the Hanse cog in comparison with other cargo sailships
Pictures of the Kampen cog replica High resolution photos
Merchant sailing ship types
Sailing rigs and rigging
Hanseatic League
Medieval ships
Tall ships
Vital Cliche (September 10, 1890 – February 23, 1976) was a politician Quebec, Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
Early life
He was born on September 10, 1890 in Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce, Quebec and became an insurance broker. He was the father of politician Lucien Cliche.
Local politics
Cliche served as a school board member in 1919 and as Mayor of Vallée-Jonction, Quebec from 1931 to 1932.
Member of the legislature
He ran as an Action libérale nationale candidate in the district of Beauce in the 1935 provincial election and won. Cliche refused to join Maurice Duplessis's Union Nationale. Instead, he ran as an Independent Liberal in the 1936 election and lost to Raoul Poulin. He also ran as an Action libérale nationale candidate and lost a by-election that was called in 1937 as a result of Poulin's switch to federal politics.
Death
He died on February 23, 1976.
References
1890 births
1976 deaths
People from Beauce, Quebec
Action libérale nationale MNAs
Mayors of places in Quebec
Otherwise Engaged is a bleakly comic play by English playwright Simon Gray. The play previewed at the Oxford Playhouse and the Richmond Theatre, and then opened at the Queen's Theatre in London on 10 July 1975, with Alan Bates as the star and Harold Pinter as director, produced by Michael Codron. Ian Charleson co-starred as Dave, a Glasgow lout. Michael Gambon took over from Bates in 1976, "playing it for a year, eight times a week." The play also had a successful run on Broadway, opening in February 1977 with Tom Courtenay as Simon and Carolyn Lagerfelt as Beth. It won the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Play.
Plot
The play revolves around a British publisher named Simon Hench. When we first see Hench, he has settled down in his lavish living room, and plans to spend a pleasant afternoon listening to Parsifal. However, Hench is repeatedly interrupted by his tenant, his friends, family and aspiring writers, all of whom want something from him.
First, he is visited by his tenant Dave, a penniless student. Later, Hench must deal with his brother, a money-strapped public school teacher with a large family to support. Later, Hench meets with a drunken journalist mate, and with that mate's girlfriend (an aspiring writer who is more than willing to flaunt her body to get a publishing contract from Hench). Later, Hench receives a call from a meek gentleman that Hench used to torment when they were schoolboys, and whose young girlfriend Hench has been sleeping with.
Finally, Hench's tranquil afternoon is interrupted by his wife, who announces that she is leaving him.
Initially, Hench seems witty, warm and charming. For much of the play, he appears to be the one and only sane, grounded character. Gradually, this façade is stripped away, and Hench is revealed as a cold, selfish, cruel, lonely bully, unable to connect emotionally with others, and unable to care deeply about anyone but himself.
Original cast
Beth – Mary Miller
Dave – Ian Charleson
Davina – Jacqueline Pearce
Jeff – Julian Glover
Simon – Alan Bates
Stephen – Nigel Hawthorne
Wood – Benjamin Whitrow
Critical reception
Of the London production, Clive Barnes wrote in The New York Times, "The play brings together once more the three people who had earlier given us “Butley,” the playwright Simon Gray, Harold Pinter as director and its star, Alan Bates. They have proved that lightning can strike twice in the same place, and indeed this is probably a more substantial play than “Butley,” and Mr. Bates, at his most magisterially comic, is even better, deeper and funnier than in his Tony‐award winning performance in the earlier play. In fact, not to waste words, Mr. Bates is terrific."
Other productions
The play was revived at the Criterion Theatre in 2005 in a production starring Richard E. Grant and Anthony Head, directed by Simon Curtis, produced by Mark Rubinstein, Sonia Friedman, Jeremy Meadow and Lee Menzies.
References
Bibliography
Who's Who in the Theatre, 16th/17th editions, Pitman/Gale (1977/1982)
Gambon: A Life in Acting, Mel Gussow, Nick Hern Books/Applause (2004)
External links
English plays
1975 plays
Sinning may refer to:
The act of committing a sin
A historic district in Oberhausen, Bavaria
Francisco Edson Moreira da Silva, known simply as Edinho (born 8 August 1994), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Juventude, on loan from Fortaleza.
Career
Born in Baturité, Ceará, Edinho joined Fortaleza EC aged 17 and was promoted to the senior team in 2013. He was a starter in the 2014 Série C campaign making 16 appearances and scoring three goals. In 2014, he was sold to Tombense and in the two following years had a series of loan spells at Avaí, Paysandu and Ituano, before joining Guarani in 2016.
In July 2017, Edinho joined CSA on loan from Guarani, where he won the 2017 Série C title.
In 2018, Edinho returned to Fortaleza and played a major role in the team during the first half of the season, helping them get to the top of the Série B table by the 11th round with two goals and five assists.
On 28 June 2018, Edinho joined Atlético Mineiro on a five-year deal. He made his debut for Atlético, which also was his Série A debut, on 19 July 2018, in a 2–0 away loss to Grêmio.
In January 2019, Edinho rejoined Fortaleza on loan for the season.
Career statistics
Honours
CSA
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C: 2017
References
External links
Profile at Atlético Mineiro site
1994 births
Living people
People from Baturité
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
K League 2 players
Fortaleza Esporte Clube players
Tombense Futebol Clube players
Avaí FC players
Paysandu Sport Club players
Ituano FC players
Guarani FC players
Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube players
Centro Sportivo Alagoano players
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Daejeon Hana Citizen FC players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Sportspeople from Ceará
Coccothrinax pumila is a palm which is endemic to Cuba.
References
pumila
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1995
Lorenzo Dow Danford (October 18, 1829 – June 19, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician who served five terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1873 to 1879 and again from 1895 to 1899.
Biography
Born in Washington Township, Belmont County, Ohio, Danford attended the common schools and a college at Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, for two years.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar at St. Clairsville, Belmont County, Ohio, in September 1854, and commenced practice there.
He served as presidential elector on the American Party ticket in 1856.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Belmont County from 1857 to 1861, when he resigned to enlist in the Fifteenth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, as a private.
Commissioned a lieutenant and later a captain, he served until honorably discharged in August 1864.
He resumed the practice of his profession in St. Clairsville.
Presidential elector for Lincoln/Johnson in 1864.
Danford was elected as a Republican to the Forty-third, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1879) representing Ohio's 16th Congressional District.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1878.
He resumed the practice of his profession.
Presidential elector in 1892 for Harrison/Reid.
Danford was elected to the Fifty-fourth, Fifty-fifth, and Fifty-sixth Congresses and served from March 4, 1895, until his death in St. Clairsville, Ohio, June 19, 1899.
He served as chairman of the Committee on Immigration and Naturalization (Fifty-fifth Congress).
Lorenzo Danford was interred in the Methodist Cemetery in St. Clairsville, Ohio on Newell Avenue behind the Court House. His second wife Mary (Adams) Danford is buried next to him.
Mr. Danford was first married on October 7, 1858, to Annie H. Cook, of Jefferson County, Ohio, who died October 24, 1867. On October 27, 1870, he was married to Mary M. Adams, of St. Clairsville.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
Sources
External links
1829 births
1899 deaths
People from Belmont County, Ohio
Union Army officers
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
1892 United States presidential electors
Ohio lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
Waynesburg University alumni
1864 United States presidential electors
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Husayn ibn Hamdan ibn Hamdun ibn al-Harith al-Taghlibi () was an early member of the Hamdanid family, who distinguished himself as a general for the Abbasid Caliphate and played a major role in the Hamdanids' rise to power among the Arab tribes in the Jazira.
Husayn entered caliphal service in 895, and through his co-operation with the caliphal government, he established himself and his family as the leader of the Arabs and Kurds of the Jazira, leading his troops to successful campaigns against the Qarmatians, Dulafids and Tulunids over the next few years. As one of the most distinguished generals of the Abbasid Caliphate, he rose in power and influence until 908, when he was one of the leading conspirators in the abortive coup against Caliph al-Muqtadir. Although the coup failed and Husayn was forced to flee the capital, he soon secured a pardon and served as governor in Jibal, where he again distinguished himself in military operations in south-central Iran. In ca. 911, he was appointed governor in Mosul, where he remained until rising in revolt in 914/5, for reasons that are unclear. Defeated and captured in 916, he was imprisoned in Baghdad, where he was executed in 918. Through his influence, the family rose to high offices, beginning a long period during which Mosul and the entire Jazira were ruled by the Hamdanids. His nephews, Nasir al-Dawla and Sayf al-Dawla, went on to establish autonomous emirates in Mosul and Aleppo respectively.
Biography
Origin and early career
Husayn was a son of the Hamdanid family's patriarch, Hamdan ibn Hamdun. His family belonged to the Banu Taghlib tribe, established in the Jazira since before the Muslim conquests. In a pattern repeated across the Abbasid Caliphate, the Taghlibi leaders took advantage of the collapse of central caliphal authority during the decade-long Anarchy at Samarra (861–870) to assert increasing control over their particular area, centred on Mosul. Hamdan established himself among the leading tribal leaders during this time, and led the resistance against caliphal attempts to restore direct control, even allying with the Kharijite rebels in the 880s. Finally, in 895 Caliph al-Mu'tadid launched a determined attack to recover the Jazira. Hamdan fled before the Caliph's advance and was captured after a long pursuit and thrown in prison.
Husayn, however, who had been entrusted with the fortress of Ardumusht on the left bank of the Tigris, chose to surrender it instead, and offered his services to the Caliph. He managed to capture the Kharijite leader Harun al-Shari, thereby bringing an end to the Kharijite revolt in the Jazira. In exchange he secured not only a pardon for his father, but also the lifting of a tribute that the Taghlib had been forced to pay, and the right to form a regiment of 500 Taghlibi cavalry at government expense. This was a major success, laying the groundwork for his own and his family's ascent to power. In the words of the Islamic scholar Hugh N. Kennedy, to the caliph he offered a group of experienced warriors under his own skilled and loyal leadership; to the Taghlib, and other people in the Jazira, he offered the prospect of salaries and booty; and to his own family military command and the opportunity of acquiring wealth in government services. It was in fact not as an independent tribal leader, but rather as an intermediary between government and the Arabs and Kurds of the Jazira that al-Husayn made the family fortune.
In Abbasid service
Husayn led his Taghlibi regiment with distinction over the next few years. He fought against the Dulafid Bakr ibn Abd al-Aziz ibn Ahmad ibn Abi Dulaf in the Jibal in 896. After 903 he played a decisive role in the campaigns of Muhammad ibn Sulayman al-Katib against the Qarmatians of the Syrian desert, where his experienced cavalry was crucial in countering the highly mobile Qarmatians. In 903 he participated in Muhammad's major victory over the Qarmatian leader al-Husayn ibn Zikrawayh, better known by his laqab of "Sahib al-Shama", near Hama. The Qarmatian leaders fled to the desert, but were soon captured, and brought in triumph to Baghdad. Husayn then participated as commander of the vanguard in Muhammad's 904–905 campaign that ended the Tulunid dynasty and restored Syria and Egypt to direct caliphal control. Muhammad ibn Sulayman reportedly offered him the governorship of Egypt, but Husayn refused, preferring to return to Baghdad with the enormous booty he had collected.
On his return from Egypt, in 905–906, Husayn was sent against the Banu Kalb of Syria, who had risen in revolt at the instigation of the Qarmatians. Although he drove them into the desert, the Kalbis filled up the wells as they retreated, and he was unable to follow them. As a result, the rebels were able to reach the Lower Euphrates, where they defeated another Abbasid force at al-Qadisiyya and raided the hajj caravan of the Mecca pilgrims (late 906). In the end, the forces of the central government defeated the Qarmatians and drove them to flight. On their retreat back to Syria along the Euphrates, they were attacked and annihilated by Husayn in March/April 907. Although these victories did not entirely remove the Qarmatian threat—the Qarmatians based in Bahrayn continued to remain active and raided lower Iraq—they signalled the near-eradication of the sect from Syria. Husayn then subdued the remaining Kalbi rebels between the Euphrates and Aleppo, and in 907–908 confronted and drove back into Syria the Banu Tamim who had invaded the Jazira seeking pillage, defeating them near Khunasira.
By 908, this distinguished service had established Husayn as "one of the leading generals" (Kennedy) in the Caliphate, and enabled him to advance his own brothers to positions of power: they received various offices, the most important of which was the award of the governorship of Mosul to Husayn's brother Abu'l-Hayja Abdallah in 905. In December 908, Husayn became involved in a palace plot to depose the new Caliph, al-Muqtadir, in favour of the older Ibn al-Mu'tazz. Along with two others, on 17 December 908 he attacked and killed the vizier al-Abbas ibn al-Hasan al-Jarjara'i, who had endorsed al-Muqtadir's accession. The conspirators then sought to kill the young caliph as well, but the latter had barricaded himself in the Hasani Palace. Ibn al-Mu'tazz was proclaimed as caliph, and Husayn went to the palace to persuade al-Muqtadir to surrender. However, the unexpected resistance of the palace servants under the chamberlains Sawsan, Mu'nis al-Fahl and Mu'nis al-Khadim, and the plotters' indecision, doomed the coup. Al-Muqtadir prevailed, and Husayn fled from Baghdad to Mosul and to Balad. He then spent some time wandering with his followers across the Jazira. The caliph sent Husayn's own brother, Abu'l-Hayja Abdallah, to pursue him, but Husayn managed to surprise and defeat him. This success encouraged him to contact the new vizier, Ali ibn al-Furat, through the mediation of his brother Ibrahim. Although he had been a leading figure in the conspiracy, and most of the other participants in the coup were executed or imprisoned, Husayn succeeded in receiving a pardon. He was not welcomed back to Baghdad, however, but appointed governor of Qumm and Kashan in the Jibal.
As governor, he aided Mu'nis al-Khadim in his campaign against the Saffarid al-Layth ibn Ali in Sijistan and Fars, and later against the former Saffarid general and rebel Subkara and his lieutenant al-Qattal. The Abbasid forces under Mu'nis al-Khadim succeeded in suppressing the rebellion by 910/1, with al-Qattal being captured by Husayn in person, according to a celebratory poem by the later Hamdanid poet Abu Firas.
Abu Firas further reports that Husayn was offered the governorship of Fars, but refused, and returned to Baghdad. Ibn al-Furat, who probably still mistrusted his intentions, promptly dispatched him to the governorship of the Diyar Rabi'a, the province encompassing the eastern Jazira, including Mosul. From this post, Husayn led a raiding campaign against the Byzantine Empire in 913/4. Soon after, however, an open rift developed between Husayn and the vizier Ali ibn Isa al-Jarrah. The reason is unclear, but revolved around the finances of Husayn's province. In 914/5 he rose in open rebellion, assembling a force of 30,000 Arabs and Kurds in the Jazira, a testament to his influence there. He managed to defeat a caliphal army sent against him, but when confronted by the redoubtable Mu'nis al-Khadim, recalled from Egypt, he was defeated and captured in February 916 while trying to flee north into Armenia. He was brought to Baghdad, where he was publicly paraded across the city in ritual humiliation, riding a camel and wearing a cap of shame. He was put into prison, and executed in October/November 918 on the caliph's orders.
The reason for Husayn's execution is unclear. The historian of the Hamdanid dynasty, Marius Canard, suggested that it may have been due to his involvement in a Shi'a-inspired conspiracy, possibly connected to the dismissal of Ibn al-Furat from his second vizierate during the same period, or with the rebellion of the autonomous governor of Adharbayjan, Yusuf ibn Abi'l-Saj, whom al-Muqtadir may have suspected of ties with the imprisoned Husayn. As Canard writes, "in any case the caliph must have feared that if Husayn were released he would once again start a revolt, either through a desire for independence or as a Shi'i. In order to avoid attempts by those (probably numerous) who desired his release to secure it by force, the caliph preferred to take a measure which put a stop to all intrigue".
Despite Husayn's rebellion and execution, the Hamdanid family continued to prosper: his brothers were soon released from captivity, and Abdallah rose to prominence by aligning himself with Mu'nis al-Khadim and sharing in the ups and downs of the court politics in Baghdad. It was Abdallah's two sons, however, al-Hasan and Ali, better known by their honorific titles Nasir al-Dawla and Sayf al-Dawla, who established the family as the ruling dynasty in the semi-independent emirates of Mosul (until 978) and Aleppo (until 1002) respectively.
Character and assessment
According to Canard, Husayn "stands out more clearly than the supreme commander Mu'nis or any other military leaders" of the period for his ability and valour, as well as for his restive and ambitious spirit. He was also singled out in being of Arab descent, an unusual case among the Caliphate's senior leaders of the period. Canard assesses him as unusually open-minded, and attuned to the ideological turmoil and ferment in the Muslim world of his time, as indicated by his contact with the Sufi mystic al-Hallaj, who dedicated a work on politics to Husayn. Indeed, according to Canard, Husayn's espousal of Shi'ism, and his participation in the abortive coup of 908, can best be seen in light of a desire—typical of Shi'a sympathisers—for a renewal of the Caliphate and the establishment of an "ideal Muslim government", something which the corrupt and decadent Abbasids were no longer capable of. Finally, although it fell to his brother to found the actual Hamdanid dynasty, it was Husayn who first gave his family a taste of power and glory, for which he was later celebrated in the poetry of Abu Firas.
References
Bibliography
9th-century births
918 deaths
9th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
10th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
10th-century executions by the Abbasid Caliphate
Abbasid governors of Jibal
Abbasid governors of Mosul
Abbasid people of the Arab–Byzantine wars
Executed military personnel
Generals of the Abbasid Caliphate
Husayn
Iraqi Shia Muslims
Rebellions against the Abbasid Caliphate
9th-century Arabs
10th-century Arabs
Leaf Group, formerly Demand Media Inc, is an American content company that operates online brands including eHow, livestrong.com, and marketplace brands Saatchi Art and Society6. The company also provides social media platforms to existing large company websites and distributes content bundled with social media tools to outlets around the web.
Demand Media was created in 2006 by a former private equity investor, Shawn Colo, and the former chairman of MySpace, Richard Rosenblatt.
The company employs an algorithm that identifies topics with high advertising potential based on search engine query data and bids on advertising auctions. These topics are typically in the advice and how-to field. It then commissions freelancers to produce corresponding text or video content. The content is posted on a variety of sites, including YouTube and the company's own sites such as eHow and livestrong.com.
The company was acquired by Graham Holdings in June 2021 for $323 million.
Content & Media
Demand Media's Content & Media service offering includes leading owned and operated online properties that publish content in text, video, photography, and designed visual formats. This content is published across several key categories on eHow.com, a how-to reference and do-it-yourself destination, Livestrong.com, a health and healthy living destination, and certain niche properties focused on specific interests. It also owns and operates LEAFtv, a lifestyle resource for women that produces short-form how-to videos covering stylish living, food, and fashion. Additionally, its studioD business develops and executes content marketing strategies, and creates custom content for third-party brands, agencies and publishers.
Marketplaces
Through its Marketplaces service offering, Demand Media operates two art and design marketplaces where large communities of artists can market and sell their original artwork or their original designs printed on a wide variety of products.
Society6.com, which it acquired in June 2013, provides artists with an online commerce platform to feature and sell their original images or designs on consumer products such as art prints, phone and tablet cases, T-shirts, mugs, blankets, tapestries, wall clocks, duvet covers, shower curtains and throw pillows.
SaatchiArt.com, which it acquired in August 2014, is an online art gallery featuring a wide selection of original paintings, drawings, sculptures and photography that provides a global community of artists a curated environment in which to exhibit and sell their work directly to customers around the world.
In 2017, Leaf Group acquired Deny Designs, a modern home furnishings company with original designs based in Colorado.
History
Demand Media was co-founded in May 2006 by Richard Rosenblatt and Shawn Colo. Rosenblatt has a long history of building and selling Internet media companies. As chief executive officer of Intermix Media and Chairman of MySpace.com, Rosenblatt was one of the innovators of Internet social networking. Colo is a financial acquisition specialist. He worked for 10 years in the private equity industry as a principal with Spectrum Equity Investors, specializing in media and communications companies.
Demand Media raised more than $355 million in financing over its first two years from investors such as Oak Investment Partners, Spectrum Equity Investors, Generation Partners and Goldman Sachs.
In June 2007, Demand Media hired Charles Hilliard, a former Morgan Stanley investment banker, NetZero/United Online senior executive and initial public offering (IPO) specialist, as its president and chief financial officer and acquired Byron Reese's how-to website, ExpertVillage.com of Austin, TX, for about $20 million. Reese became the company's chief innovation officer and developed the algorithm that the company uses to identify topics with high advertising potential. By 2008, Demand Media had acquired more than 30 domain-name portfolios and owned 65 destination websites. It said that its 2009 revenue was nearly $200 million and that it was making a profit, but it was later reported that the company had never been profitable.
In July 2008, it was reported that Yahoo! was interested in buying Demand Media for between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. Sources close to both companies said Yahoo! executives were attracted to Demand Media's generation of advertising impressions and its ability to create niche social networks for media sites. Demand Media CEO Richard Rosenblatt later said that the company was not for sale. The deal never got past the talking stage. It was reported that Rosenblatt wanted a price closer to $3 billion for Demand Media.
In August, 2014, Demand Media acquired online art-gallery marketplace Saatchi Art and named the startup's top executive, Sean Moriarty, as the new CEO of Demand Media Inc.
The company changed its name to Leaf Group in 2016.
On June 10, 2021, Leaf announced shareholders had approved an acquisition by Graham Holdings for $8.50 per share in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $323 million.
Acquisitions and dispositions
Since 2006, Demand Media has acquired a collection of relatively unknown sites and relaunched them with social networking features and video capabilities that serve specific niche interests. In the company's first six months it made nine acquisitions, including the purchase of major registrars eNom and BulkRegister. On November 6, 2008, Shawn Colo, head of Demand Media mergers and acquisitions, said the company would continue to buy niche, well-trafficked sites because the company was profitable and still had "a lot of cash in the bank".
In 2008, Demand Media acquired Pluck, a company providing social networking and commenting solutions to other websites, for a reported $75 million in cash. IndieClick and RSS Graffiti were acquired in August 2011. Name.com, a domain name registrar, was acquired on January 7, 2013. Society6 was acquired on June 25, 2013. Saatchi Online was acquired on August 11, 2014.
In August 2014, Demand Media announced it had successfully separated from Rightside Group, Ltd. and its brands eNom, Name.com and online auction site NameJet. As a result of the separation, Demand Media is no longer a provider of domain name services.
In April 2016, Demand Media announced the sale of its brand Cracked.com to E.W. Scripps.
In May 2016, Demand Media announced the sale of its brand trails.com to LoveToKnow Corp (owned by Howard Love)
In February 2017, Demand Media's Airliners.net site was acquired by VerticalScope, majority-owned by Torstar. In 2018, Leaf acquired the website Well+Good. In 2018/19, Leaf acquired the website OnlyInYourState.
In 2021, Leaf Group was purchased in an all-cash offer by Graham Holdings.
Business model
Demand Media executives say their websites are content-driven to attract visitors by showing up in multiword search-engine queries. The more words that are typed into a search engine, the more specific the search will be. This is called "the long tail" search. Demand Media attempts to get visitors to its websites with these long-tail searches. It then tries to retain visitors with related content and social media tools. Its social media platforms get 3 billion interactions per month for clients with already well-established brands. Demand Media commissions specific website content that it then distributes to its own websites and others where it has advertising revenue sharing agreements. , Demand Media owned 135,000 videos and 340,000 articles. It was claimed to be one of the largest contributors to YouTube, uploading between 10,000 and 20,000 new videos per month, and gets about 1.5 million page views per day on YouTube.
Content is generated via a process in which Demand Media uses algorithms to generate titles, then posts the titles to a screened pool of freelance writers or video creators. The list of available titles used to be over 100,000 but was severely curtailed in the second half of 2011. Typically, writers can claim up to ten titles and then have a week to submit the articles. Format and length are dictated by guidelines. Submitted articles go to an editor (also a freelancer) who can either clean them up or request a rewrite. After writers submit a revised article it is either accepted or rejected. Payment via PayPal is twice a week.
Demand Media's acquisition of Pluck.com in 2008 gave it the means to provide specialized content and social media platforms to any website. The content comes with advertising attached. The website owners get free content for their sites and split the advertising revenue with Demand Media.
Stock offer
In April 2010, Financial Times reported that Demand Media was planning an initial public offering of shares (IPO), which would mean any acquisitions would be out of the question. IPO filing was completed in August of that year. Shares were at first expected to be offered in December 2010, in a tender that would give Demand Media a value of some $1.5 billion. However, as a result of a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation regarding the company's novel accounting for "long-lived content", the pricing was delayed.
On January 12, 2011, the company announced it would price its shares between $14 and $16 each, giving it a valuation of approximately $1.3 billion. Questions were raised about Demand Media's claim to be profitable, given that its IPO filings that had reported losses for the past several years.
On December 14, 2020 the company announced the closing of its underwritten public offering of 8,216,750 shares of its common stock, including full exercise of the underwriter's option to purchase additional shares of common stock, at a public offering price of $4.20 per share, receiving an aggregate net proceeds from the offering of approximately $32.0 million.
Criticism
Demand Media has attracted criticism from Internet watchdogs for being one of the largest buyers of articles and videos, often commissioning low-quality articles to cut costs in an effort to mass-produce articles and videos to appear highly in Google search results, purchasing thousands of search-engine-driven content from low-paid freelancers to use on its websites to attract advertisers, such as Israeli startup (now owned by Google's AdSense) Simpli.
Demand Media has also been criticized for its methods of accounting, such as capitalizing the costs of content and amortizing them over five years, giving them the appearance of profitability.
References
External links
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Mass media companies established in 2006
Online mass media companies of the United States
Web service providers
Companies based in Santa Monica, California
2011 initial public offerings
Daryl Jacob is an Irish National Hunt jockey who rode for trainer Paul Nicholls as second jockey to Ruby Walsh. When Walsh left the Nicholas yard Jacob took over as principal rider. He won at the Cheltenham festival for the first time in 2011 on Zarkandar in the Triumph Hurdle. His second Cheltenham Festival win was in 2014 on Lac Fontana in the Vincent O Brien County Handicap Hurdle on the last day of the festival. However, before the start of the next race he suffered a broken leg, knee and elbow after Port Melon crashed into the rail.
Jacob won the 2012 Grand National on the grey Neptune Collonges. The pairing beat second-place Sunnyhillboy in a photo finish and the closest ever finish to a Grand National.
Cheltenham Festival winners (3)
Triumph Hurdle -(1) Zarkandar (2011)
County Handicap Hurdle - (1) Lac Fontana (2014)
Dawn Run Mares' Novices' Hurdle - (1) Concertista (2020)
Major wins
Ireland
Irish Gold Cup -(1) The Listener (2008)
Ryanair Novice Chase -(1) Footpad (2018)
Champion Four Year Old Hurdle -(1) Fusil Raffles (2019)
JNwine.com Champion Chase -(1) Kauto Stone (2012)
Savills Chase -(1) The Listener (2006)
Great Britain
Betfair Chase -(3) Bristol De Mai (2017, 2018, 2020)
Aintree Hurdle -(1) L'Ami Serge (2018)
Top Novices' Hurdle -(1) Topolski (2011)
Henry VIII Novices' Chase -(2) Hinterland (2013), Sceau Royal (2017)
Long Walk Hurdle -(1) Reve De Sivola (2014)
Finale Juvenile Hurdle -(3) Me Voici (2009), Bristol De Mai (2014), We Have A Dream (2017)
Challow Novices' Hurdle -(2) Reve De Sivola (2010), Messire Des Obeaux (2017)
Scilly Isles Novices' Chase -(4) Gitane Du Berlais (2015), Bristol De Mai (2016), Top Notch (2017), Terrefort (2018)
Anniversary 4-Y-O Novices' Hurdle -(1) We Have A Dream (2018)
Mildmay Novices' Chase -(1) Terrefort (2018)
Celebration Chase -(1) Sanctuaire (2012)
France
Grande Course de Haies d'Auteuil -(1) L'Ami Serge (2017)
See also
List of jockeys
List of Grand National winners
References
Living people
Irish jockeys
1983 births
Sportspeople from County Wexford
Promofilm is an audiovisual production company based in Argentina, belonging to the Spanish Grupo Globomedia. Was founded in 1990 innovating and adapting television formats, not only in Argentina but also outside. In 1995 joined agreement with Globomedia to share programs and formats.
Promofilm continued to expand, and currently has offices in several American countries (USA, Chile, Mexico, Brazil). Each has its own production center and local professionals. Since 2000 is part of Grupo Globomedia. By pioneering new formats has become the leading producer of television in Argentina, and thanks to good international infrastructure has worked on five continents.
External links
Promofilm Web site
Television production companies of Argentina
The Yupian (; "Jade Chapters") is a c. 543 Chinese dictionary edited by Gu Yewang (顧野王; Ku Yeh-wang; 519–581) during the Liang dynasty. It arranges 12,158 character entries under 542 radicals, which differ somewhat from the original 540 in the Shuowen Jiezi. Each character entry gives a fanqie pronunciation gloss and a definition, with occasional annotation.
The Yupian is a significant work in the history of Written Chinese. It is the first major extant dictionary in the four centuries since the completion of Shuowen and records thousands of new characters that had been introduced into the language in the interim. It is also important for documenting nonstandard súzì (俗字, "popular written forms of characters"), many of which were adopted in the 20th century as official simplified Chinese characters. For instance, the Yupian records that wàn (traditional 萬, "ten thousand, myriad") had a popular form of (simplified 万), which is much easier to write with three strokes versus thirteen.
Baxter describes the textual history:
The original Yùpiān was a large and unwieldy work of thirty juàn ["volumes; fascicles"], and during Táng and Sòng various abridgements and revisions of it were made, which often altered the original fănqiè spellings; of the original version only fragments remain (some two thousand entries out of a reported original total of 16,917), and the currently-available version of the Yùpiān is not a reliable guide to Early Middle Chinese phonology.
In 760, during the Tang dynasty, Sun Jiang (孫強; Sun Chiang) compiled a Yupian edition, which he noted had a total of 51,129 words, less than a third of the original 158,641. In 1013, Song dynasty scholar Chen Pengnian (陳彭年; Ch'en P'eng-nien) published a revised Daguang yihui Yupian (大廣益會玉篇; "Expanded and enlarged Jade Chapters"). The Japanese monk Kūkai brought an original version Yupian back from China in 806, and modified it into his c. 830 Tenrei Banshō Meigi, which is the oldest extant Japanese dictionary.
References
External links
Digitized original editions of the Yupian, National Diet Library Digital Collections: [ Chapter 18]・[ Chapter 22]・[ Chapter 27]・[ Chapter 27]
Searchable digitized versions of the Yupian, Chinese Text Project
6th-century Chinese books
Chinese dictionaries
Middle Chinese
Khaled Akil born 1986 in Aleppo is a Syrian artist based in Istanbul. Akil is a self-taught artist who works with different art mediums. He is best known for his photography series Pokémon Go in Syria
Biography
Khaled Akil was born in Aleppo, Syria, to a family with a long history of artistic and political influence. His father is the renowned painter Youssef Akil. His great maternal grandfather is the Syrian author and historical figure Abd al-Rahman al-Kawakibi.
ِAkil's first exhibition was held in 2009, when at the time he was completing his bachelor's degree in Law. His experience in law, politics and human rights played a major role in his artistic development and projections.
In 2012, he held a solo exhibition “The Legend of Death” in Istanbul, where he resides today due to the escalation of the war in Syria.
Solo exhibitions
2018 Brown University, Rhode Island, U.S.
2017 Stanford University, California, U.S.
2013 Chalabi Art Gallery, Istanbul, Turkey
2012 Lahd Gallery, London, UK
2011 Karma Art Gallery, Aleppo, Syria
2010 Mustafa Ali Art Foundation. Damascus, Syria
2009 Sarmad Art Gallery, Aleppo, Syria
Group exhibitions
2019 Kashash, Bozar Art Museum, Brussels, Belgium
2018 Anti Trump Show, Creative Debuts, London, U.K. Uprooted, World Bank, Washington D.C, U.S. Contemporary Photography from the Arab World, American University Museum in Washington, Katzen Arts Center, D.C., USA.
2016 Flight, West Branch Gallery, Stowe, Vermont, U.S. Anna&Mark art fair San Jose, California. Catharsis, Gaya Art Gallery, Sidi Bou Said.
2015 International Discoveries V, FotoFest, Houston, Texas, United States. Woman Through The Eyes- Tajallyat Art Gallery, Beirut. In-Quest, Gaya Art Gallery, Sidi Bou Said. Voices from the Middle East, Art in Exile Festival, Washington, D.C.
2009 From Aleppo with Love, Le Pont Gallery, Aleppo, Syria
References
External links
Syrian Artist's Photographs Offer a Prayer for Peace
Syrian Artist Khaled Akil: ‘Art Flies With No Visa'
Artist Khaled Akil vows not to seek US visa under Trump
You Need to Be Looking at 'Pokémon Go in Syria - The Creators Project, VICE
Artist Khaled Akil imagines Pokémon Go in ravaged Syria | AL Jazeera EN
"The Identity Thief"- Article by Khaled Akil | The New York Times Magazine
Requiem for Syria: artist Khaled Akil on why his latest work is about peace, not war
The Syrian Art World After 2011– presented by miriam cooke
Khaled Akil joins art team for “Aleppo, Syria: Witness to an Ancient Legacy”
The five hottest artists from the Middle East today
Khaled Akil: storyteller. Revealer of truths. Armed to the teeth.
Syrian male artists
Syrian contemporary artists
Nude photography
Censorship in the arts
Living people
People from Aleppo
Fine art photographers
Obscenity controversies in photography
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Syrian artists
Timez Are Weird These Days is the debut studio album by the American rapper Theophilus London. It was released on July 19, 2011, by Reprise Records. The album entered the US Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart at number 30 and the Rap Albums chart at number 21 for the week of August 6, 2011.
Singles
The album's first single "Last Name London" was released on June 27, 2011.
Track listing
Release history
References
2011 debut albums
Hip hop albums by American artists
Reprise Records albums
Albums produced by Ariel Rechtshaid
Theophilus London albums
Kevin Killian (December 24, 1952 – June 15, 2019) was an American poet, author, editor, and playwright primarily of LGBT literature. My Vocabulary Did This to Me: The Collected Poetry of Jack Spicer, which he co-edited with Peter Gizzi, won the American Book Award for poetry in 2009.
Killian was also co-founder of the Poets Theater, an influential poetry, stage, and performance group based in San Francisco as well as the New Narrative movement in San Francisco.
Life and career
Kevin Killian was born on December 24, 1952 in Smithtown, New York. He was raised Roman Catholic and attended a Roman Catholic parochial school run by Franciscan friars. He discussed these experiences in an essay in the edited work Wrestling with the Angel. He was also the New York City spelling bee champion. He attended Fordham University and graduate school at Stony Brook University in the 1970s.
Killian moved to San Francisco in 1980. A year later in 1981, he met fellow author Dodie Bellamy, both are bisexual. The couple were married for 34 years.
Killian admired the work of JT LeRoy (later to be revealed as the pen name and persona of author Laura Albert), and held public readings of LeRoy's work in 2000.
As a beginning novelist, Killian tied for first place in the "Hamming Up Hammett" Dashiell Hammett bad-writing contest in San Francisco in 1988. Author Dodie Bellamy featured him as a partially fictional character in her vampire novel The Letters of Mina Harker. His poetry has appeared in the anthology The Best American Poetry 1988, the magazine Discontents, and the anthology Good Times: Bad Trips. Killian once based a volume of poetry on the work of horror film director Dario Argento (motivated to do so as a response to the AIDS epidemic). Killian also helped author Alvin Orloff polish chapters of his novel Gutterboys. Noted author Edmund White described his work as "a kind of mandarin American casualness that is peculiar to … West Coast writers … a school of refined but deceptively offhand stylists." The Village Voice called My Vocabulary Did This to Me: The Collected Poetry of Jack Spicer, which he co-edited with Peter Gizzi, "impeccably edited". The work was also highly praised by The New York Times.
Killian's 2009 collection of short gay erotic fiction Impossible Princess won the Lambda Literary Foundation Award for best gay men's erotica. The first story in the collection, "Young Hank Williams," was written with Canadian cult writer Derek McCormack. The collection was inspired by Kylie Minogue's album of the same name and, in turn, it inspired Conrad Tao's piano composition "All I Had Forgotten Or Tried To".
Killian was founder and former director of Small Press Traffic. He also edited the poetry 'zine Mirage.
Killian died from cancer on June 15, 2019.
Poets Theater and retrospective work
Killian's interest in theatre emerged in the early 1980s when he saw experimental plays by Carla Harryman. Harryman and Tom Mandel subsequently cast him in their play Fist of the Colossus. He co-founded the Poets Theater in San Francisco, and acted in as well as wrote pieces for the group. As of 2001, he had written 31 plays. He co-authored the performance art piece The Red and the Green in 2005 with cinematographer Karla Milosevich. In 2009, Killian and David Brazil co-edited a collection of Poets Theater pieces, The Kenning Anthology of Poets Theatre: 1945–1985.
Killian was also active in bringing attention to important LGBTQ artists and writers of the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. He held poetry readings of a wide number of influential poets and writers and participated in a number of panels, art installations, retrospectives, and memorials. For example, in 2008 he was a featured speaker at a University of Maine "Poetry of the 1970s" conference. He and artist Colter Jacobsen also helped organize a tribute ("Kiki: The Proof Is in the Pudding") to the Kiki Gallery, an influential art gallery in San Francisco in the 1980s that featured the work of LGBTQ artists.
Published works
Story and poetry collections
Novels
Biographies
Poet Be Like God (co-written with Lewis Ellingham; Wesleyan University Press, 1998)
Edited works
The Wild Creatures by Sam D'Allesandro (Suspect Thoughts Press, 2005)
My Vocabulary Did This to Me: The Collected Poetry of Jack Spicer (co-edited with Peter Gizzi; Wesleyan University Press, 2008)
The Kenning Anthology of Poets Theater: 1945-1985 (co-edited with David Brazil; Kenning Editions, 2010)
Writers Who Love Too Much: New Narrative Writing 1977-1997 (co-edited with Dodie Bellamy; Nightboat Books, 2017)
Plays
Stone Marmalade (co-written with Leslie Scalapino; Singing Horse Press, 1996)
Often (co-written with Barbara Guest; Kenning Editions, 2001)
Island of Lost Souls (Nomados, 2004)
References
External links
Links to online works by Kevin Killian
Kevin Killian and Dodie Bellamy Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
1952 births
2019 deaths
People from Smithtown, New York
Writers from New York (state)
Writers from San Francisco
Bisexual writers
Lambda Literary Award winners
LGBT dramatists and playwrights
American male novelists
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American LGBT poets
American LGBT novelists
American male short story writers
20th-century American poets
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American poets
American male poets
American male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award winners
American Book Award winners
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
California College of the Arts faculty
LGBT people from New York (state)
Penshurst railway station is on the Redhill to Tonbridge Line and is located approximately two miles north of Penshurst in Kent, in the village of Chiddingstone Causeway in England. It is measured from via .
History
Penshurst station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 26 May 1842. Penshurst Airfield, which was in operation from 1916 to 1936, and again from 1940 to 1946 as RAF Penshurst, was within ¼ mile (400 m) of the station.
In 1967 the station became unstaffed following which the original station buildings were demolished. In 1993 the line was electrified and services started to run through to London rather than being an extension of the to North Downs Line service. Prior to electrification a new down platform was constructed opposite the up platform. New signalling was installed when the signal box was closed.
In 2007, a PERTIS (Permit to Travel) machine was installed at the street entrance to the Tonbridge-bound platform (since replaced by a modern ticket machine). The station was until December 2008 operated by Southeastern before it transferred to Southern, whose green signage was installed before October 2008.
Facilities and Connections
Penshurst station is unstaffed and facilities are limited. Tickets can be purchased from the self-service ticket machine at the station and there are passenger help points located on each platform. There is also a basic shelter located on each platform. The station has step free access available to both platforms.
The station is served Monday-Saturday by the Metrobus routes 231 & 233 buses which provide connections to Edenbridge and Tunbridge Wells as well as the Autocar route 210 which provides connections to Tonbridge.
Accidents and incidents
On 28 July 1845, a light engine was in a rear-end collision with a passenger train near Penshurst. Thirty people were injured.
On 20 January 1846, a bridge over the River Medway between and Penshurst collapsed whilst a freight train was passing over it. The driver was killed.
Services
All services at Penshurst are operated by Southern using Class 377 EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to
1 tph to
Services increase to 2 tph in each direction during the peak hours.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Sevenoaks District
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
The 47th edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from April 21 to May 4, 1997. There were a total of 119 competitors, including six Mexican riders.
Stages
1997-04-21: Bucaramanga — Bucaramanga (7.6 km)
1997-04-22: Bucaramanga — Barichara (148.7 km)
1997-04-23: Oiba — Duitama (192.7 km)
1997-04-24: Tunja — Zipaquirá (138.3 km)
1997-04-25: Funza — Ibagué (196.2 km)
1997-04-26: Ibagué — Sevilla (185.9 km)
1997-04-27: Cali Circuito Panamericano (105 km)
1997-04-28: Palmira — Pereira (200.4 km)
1997-04-29: Santa Rosa de Cabal — Manizales (35.7 km)
1997-04-30: Manizales — Itagüí (184 km)
1997-05-01: Medellín — Alto Santa Helena (91.2 km)
1997-05-02: Rionegro — Puerto Salgar (197 km)
1997-05-03: La Dorada — Fontibón (179.5 km)
1997-05-04: Circuito Bogotá (100 km)
Jersey progression
Final classification
Teams
Todos por Boyacá — Lotería de Boyacá
Telecom Discado Directo Internacional — Kelme
Kelme Costa Blanca
Aguardiente Antioqueño — Lotería de Medellín
Petróleos de Colombia — Energía Pura
Gaseosas Glacial
Caprecom — Zapatos Kioo's
San Andresitos de la 38 — Cúcuta su Bono
Ciclistas de Jesucristo
Idea — SAM (Orgullo Paisa)
Mixto Telecom — Oriente Antioqueño
Hotel Nuevo Magdalena Cicloases
Mixto Glacial A
Gaseosas Glacial — Tenis Karst Musher México Guanajuato
See also
1997 Clásico RCN
References
cyclingnews
pedalesybielas via webcitation.org, Archived 2009-10-22
Vuelta a Colombia
Colombia
Vuelta Colombia
Virginia's 37th House of Delegates district elects one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. District 37 represents Fairfax City and part of Fairfax County. The seat is currently held by David Bulova.
District officeholders
References
Virginia House of Delegates districts
Government in Fairfax County, Virginia
Fairfax, Virginia
Carnock () is a village and parish of Fife, Scotland, west of Dunfermline. It is east of Oakley, Fife. The name of the village derives from Scottish Gaelic, from ceàrn ("corner"), with a suffix denoting a toponym, thus giving "[the] corner place". Carnock is known to have had military significance in antiquity. The civil parish had a population of 5,927 .
Notable places
On the Main Street of Carnock lies a Parish church which was built in 1840, though in the nearby kirkyard lies the remains of the original 12th-century church which was rebuilt in 1602.
Nextdoor to the church is Carnock Primary School, this school serves both Carnock and Gowkhall. The school was built in 1864 with an extension added in 1912 and another in 2007. The main building consists of 4 classrooms and a medway hut used for various purposes.
Carnock Olympian:- Former pupil at Carnock Primary was Debbie Knox part of the Gold Medal winning team at the Winter Olympics in Curling at Salt Lake City. She did come back to the school to show her Medal to the pupils and crown the Gala Queen.
On Main Street is the 16th-century The Carnock Inn, one of the oldest buildings in the village, which became a public house in 1884. Next door to the Pub is a local craft shop / studio in what used to be the village Post Office . Now Oakley serves as the Post Office for Carnock.
The village also boasts a Community Centre built in 2005 and available for hire via Fife council.
History
In 1774 upon Carneil hill, near Carnock, several urns containing Roman coinage were discovered.
It is believed that the local inhabitants, the Horestii, unsuccessfully defended this location against the Roman general Gnaeus Julius Agricola. The local names Easter Camps and Wester Camps were suspected by Thomson to originate from this time as reported by Lewis.
Another native fort is located at the nearby Craigluscar only away. Subsequent Roman encampments are suspected east of Dunfermline and a large camp at Loch Ore.
The pre-Reformation church of St Caernach (which gives its name to the village) was run by the red friars of Scotlandwell and dates from 1250. The church continued in use after the Reformation and was rebuilt in 1602 and 1641 before being abandoned in 1840 when a new church was built by John Henderson.
After the Reformation in 1560 the church in Carnock was under the control variously of Saline to the north and Dunfermline to the east. Only in 1592 did it get its own minister, the ecclesiastical historian John Row, who served the parish until 1645. He was succeeded by Rev George Belfrage who translated from Culross in 1647. He died and was replaced by John Shaw in 1664 who was translated to Kinnaird, Perthshire in 1679. His successor Thomas Marshall was deprived of office in 1689 for not signing the National Covenant. William Innes was minister 1693 to 1696. In 1699 James Hog took over and was a noted theological author. Daniel Hunter succeeded him in 1730, also serving as chaplain to the local family of Col Erskine. He died in 1739.
The parish was then overseen by Rev Thomas Gillespie from 1741 to 1752. Thomas Gillespie was founder of the Relief Synod which was latterly incorporated into the United Presbyterian Church. Gillespie was followed by Rev Thomas Adie in 1753 who died in 1780 and was replaced by Rev Alexander Thomson who died in 1826 to be replaced briefly by Robert Thomson. In 1827 Rev William Gilston took over. Gilston was responsible for the building of the new church in 1840 but moved to the Free Church of Scotland in the Disruption of 1843 and was minister there until death in 1881 (a ministry in Carnock of 55 years!). Meanwhile the Church of Scotland placed Rev Adam Black Douglas in their church from 1843.
Transport
The village has two bus stops.
Eastbound Traveline Code : 34325459
Westbound Traveline Code : 34325439
Services run from Dunfermline bus station serving Gowkhall, Oakley and Saline, Fife.
Notes
See also
Carnock's listed buildings
Villages in Fife
Parishes in Fife
The Weaker Sex is a 1948 British drama film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Ursula Jeans, Cecil Parker and Joan Hopkins.
It was one of the most popular films at the British box office in 1948. The film's subject was what The New York Times described as the "heroics of that valiant legion of women who stood, but did not wait, through the long war years and the now dreary post war years."
Plot
Set near Portsmouth, one of the main bases for the D-Day invasion fleet, the film portrays life on the British home front during World War II.
During the run up to D-Day (1944), widowed Martha Dacre (Ursula Jeans) tries to keep house and home together for her two daughters and two servicemen billeted on her. Although her two daughters serve as Wrens, and her son is away in the Navy, she has chosen to stay at home as a housewife (although she also participates in fire-watching and works in a canteen). When she learns that her son's ship was damaged during the landings, she experiences regrets about not taking a more active role in the war.
Using occasional footage of actual events and with frequent reference to contemporary newspaper and wireless reports, the story moves forward from D-Day to VE-Day, the 1945 general election and on to 1948 when the film was made. Martha eventually re-marries to naval officer Geoffrey (Cecil Parker) who was one of the men billeted on her and has by now become a father-figure to her son and daughters.
Cast
Ursula Jeans as Martha Dacre
Cecil Parker as Geoffrey Radcliffe
Joan Hopkins as Helen
Derek Bond as Nigel
Lana Morris as Lolly
John Stone as Roddy
Digby Wolfe as Benjie
Thora Hird as Mrs. Gaye
Bill Owen as Soldier
Marian Spencer as Harriet Lessing
Kynaston Reeves as Captain Dishart
Eleanor Summerfield as Clippie
Dorothy Bramhall as Mrs. Maling
Gladys Henson as Woman in Fish Queue
Merle Tottenham as Woman in Fish Queue
Vi Kaley as Old Woman On Sea Front
Marjorie Gresley as Shop Supervisor
Production
The film was shot at Denham Studios with location shooting taking place in Margate, Portchester Castle and the village of Denham in Buckinghamshire. The film's sets were designed by the art director Alex Vetchinsky. It was adapted by Esther McCracken from her own 1944 play No Medals, with additional material added to continue the story until the present day in 1948.
Box Office
The film was popular at the British box office. According to Kinematograph Weekly the 'biggest winner' at the box office in 1948 Britain was The Best Years of Our Lives with Spring in Park Lane being the best British film and runners-up being It Always Rains on Sunday, My Brother Jonathan, Road to Rio, Miranda, An Ideal Husband, Naked City, The Red Shoes, Green Dolphin Street, Forever Amber, Life with Father, The Weaker Sex, Oliver Twist, The Fallen Idol and The Winslow Boy.
Critical reception
Critical reception was lukewarm, but the film had some defenders. A critic for The News of the World wrote, "I see that according to my fellow critics The Weaker Sex ... is riddled with faults. Therefore I ask your indulgence for being incapable of detailing these grave weaknesses. I must have missed them because I was enjoying myself so much".
The New York Times wrote, "a thoroughly professional cast and an adult script make the drama genuine and trenchant. Ursula Jeans is excellent as the beleaguered mother who minimizes her work and sacrifices by remarking "one is given no choice — just a little extra strength from somewhere." Cecil Parker is equally adept in his restrained portrayal of the commander she eventually marries. The wonderful Thora Hird contributes a superbly droll bit as a Yorkshire servant and Joan Hopkins, Lana Morris, Digby Wolfe, Derek Bond and John Stone add solid characterizations as the children and sons-in-law" ; and Sky Movies wrote, "the best reviews of the period were saved for Thora Hird as Mrs Gage [sic], the 'daily' with a dry sense of humour", and concluded, "good, solid drama told convincingly – if a trifle over-sentimental today."
References
Bibliography
Murphy, Robert. Realism and Tinsel: Cinema and Society in Britain 1939-48. Routledge, 2003.
External links
1948 films
1948 drama films
Films directed by Roy Ward Baker
British drama films
British films based on plays
Films set in 1944
Films set in 1945
Films set in 1948
Films set in London
Films set in Hampshire
Films set on the home front during World War II
Two Cities Films films
British black-and-white films
Films produced by Paul Soskin
Films with screenplays by Paul Soskin
Films shot at Denham Film Studios
Films shot in Hampshire
Films shot in Kent
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Samar Sen (10 August 1914 16 February 2003) was an Indian diplomat who served as the 1st permanent representative of India to the United Nations, Geneva, 8th in New York and the 2nd high commissioner of India to Bangladesh from June 1974 to November 1976.
Born in Dhaka, British India (in modern-day Dhaka, Bangladesh), Sen obtained his education from the University of Calcutta, the University of London, Oxford, and Lincoln's Inn. He was a civil services officer who served as a president of the United Nations Security Council from 1972 to 73.
Career
Sen served in the government of India at various posts, including under secretary, and deputy secretary. From 1946 to 48, he represented India at the United Nations as a liaison officer. He also served as chairperson of the International Commission of Control and Supervision besides serving as ambassador to Algeria and Lebanon, and high commissioner to Australia, New Zealand, and Pakistan. At the government of India, he also served as joint secretary in the Ministry of External Affairs from 1957 to 1959.
During his foreign services, he served as president of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and chairperson of the G77.
Assassination attempt
Following the Bangladesh Liberation War and assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, he was reportedly a target of an assassination attempt in November 1975. He received several injuries and then remained India's high commissioner for the next year until he was appointed as high commissioner to Pakistan.
He suffered broken shoulder bone, but bullet was removed after a surgery in Dhaka hospital. During retaliation his security guards killed four of the six attackers. The attackers posed his visitors in a civilian clothes. He was brought to India by an Indian Air Force plan, although he remained India's high commissioner for the next year after he survived alleged assassination.
References
Further reading
1914 births
2003 deaths
Permanent Representatives of India to the United Nations
High Commissioners of India to Bangladesh
High Commissioners of India to Pakistan
High Commissioners of India to New Zealand
High Commissioners of India to Australia
Ambassadors of India to Algeria
Ambassadors of India to Lebanon
Walter Campbell Allison Aitkenhead (21 May 1887 – 19 July 1966) was a Scottish footballer who played for Partick Thistle, Blackburn Rovers and the Scotland national team.
Aitkenhead was born in Maryhill, Glasgow and played just 4 matches for his first club Partick Thistle before being signed by English club Blackburn Rovers in September 1906. He remained with Blackburn for the remainder of his career, winning the 1911-12 and 1913-14 league championships. He made just one appearance for Scotland, and scored twice in a 4–1 win against Ireland on 16 March 1912.
During the First World War he "guested" for Preston North End for several seasons. After retiring in 1918 he worked at management level in the Lancashire cotton industry, serving as chairman of a local firm for almost 40 years.
References
External links
1887 births
1966 deaths
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Glasgow
Preston North End F.C. wartime guest players
Place of death missing
Alocasia wentii, the hardy elephant's ear, is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to the highlands of New Guinea. Occasionally kept as a houseplant, the unimproved species and some variegated cultivars are commercially available.
References
wentii
House plants
Endemic flora of New Guinea
Plants described in 1916
Căpeni Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Baraolt, Covasna County with estimated coal reserves of 8.4 million tonnes. The legal entity managing the Căpeni mine is the Ploieşti National Coal Company which was set up in 1957.
References
Coal mines in Romania
The Dun class of tankers comprised two ships, HMCS Dundalk and HMCS Dundurn, constructed for the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. The two vessels were ordered by the Royal Canadian Navy to fill a need to transport fuel oil for convoy escorts in the Battle of the Atlantic. The two vessels began their careers in 1943 and remained in naval service until 1946. Following the end of the war, they were crewed by civilians as naval auxiliaries until the 1980s. Dundalk was wrecked in 1984 and Dundurns ultimate fate is unknown.
Description
The Dun class were small tankers, displacing and at full load. They were long with a beam of and a draught of . The vessels were powered by a Fairbanks-Morse diesel engine driving two shafts rated at . This gave the tankers a maximum speed of . The Dun class were armed with one QF 12-pounder 12 cwt naval guns and two single-mounted 20 mm Oerlikon cannon during the Second World War. The two vessels had a complement of 3 officers and 27 enlisted. This was later reduced to a total complement of 24. The vessels could carry of fuel oil and of dry cargo.
Ships in class
Service history
Dundalk and Dundurn were ordered by the Royal Canadian Navy in 1942 after efforts to find a solution for the transportation of fuel oil for the convoy escorts along the Atlantic Coast had been found insufficient. The two ships were constructed by the Canadian Bridge Company at their shipyard in Walkerville, Ontario. Dundalk was launched on 4 July 1943 and Dundurn on 18 September of that year. Dundalk was commissioned on 13 November 1943 and Dundurn on 25 November.
During the Second World War, both vessels were used to transport fuel oil from refineries around Halifax, Nova Scotia to other naval bases along the Atlantic Coast being used by convoy escorts in the Battle of the Atlantic. Dundalk would sometimes be employed as a lighter. Following the end of the war, the Royal Canadian Navy intended to continue to use the vessels in this work instead of relying on civilian contractors. Dundalk was paid off on 9 April 1946. The vessel became a Canadian naval auxiliary vessel (CNAV) with a civilian crew but remained under naval control. Dundurn was transferred to the West Coast of Canada, based at Esquimalt, British Columbia and paid off on 2 January 1947 for service as a CNAV. In 1948, Dundalk was used to transport fuel oil from Halifax to Churchill, Manitoba in preparation for an Arctic cruise by large Canadian warships. In order to navigate in Hudson Bay, the ship was fitted with a gyro compass due to the poor navigation charts of the area. At Port Burwell, Dundalk refuelled the destroyers and . Dundalk remained in service at a CNAV and later as a CFAV (Canadian Forces auxiliary vessel) until 17 December 1982. Dundalk was wrecked on 7 November 1984. Dundurn remained in service on the West Coast until 1993. Thev vessel was eventually sold to the Burrard Yacht Club of Vancouver on 8 May 1996 to be used as a floating breakwater.
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
Blog post at warsearcher.com discussing fate of ships
Auxiliary ships of the Royal Canadian Navy
Dun-class tanker
1943 ships
Valencia High School may refer to:
Valencia High School (Placentia, California), a public high school in Placentia, California
Valencia High School (Santa Clarita, California), a public high school in Santa Clarita, California
Valencia High School (Los Lunas, New Mexico), a public high school in Los Lunas, New Mexico
The lasing threshold is the lowest excitation level at which a laser's output is dominated by stimulated emission rather than by spontaneous emission. Below the threshold, the laser's output power rises slowly with increasing excitation. Above threshold, the slope of power vs. excitation is orders of magnitude greater. The linewidth of the laser's emission also becomes orders of magnitude smaller above the threshold than it is below. Above the threshold, the laser is said to be lasing. The term "lasing" is a back formation from "laser," which is an acronym, not an agent noun.
Theory
The lasing threshold is reached when the optical gain of the laser medium is exactly balanced by the sum of all the losses experienced by light in one round trip of the laser's optical cavity. This can be expressed, assuming steady-state operation, as
.
Here and are the mirror (power) reflectivities, is the length of the gain medium, is the round-trip threshold power gain, and is the round trip power loss. Note that . This equation separates the losses in a laser into localised losses due to the mirrors, over which the experimenter has control, and distributed losses such as absorption and scattering. The experimenter typically has little control over the distributed losses.
The optical loss is nearly constant for any particular laser (), especially close to threshold. Under this assumption the threshold condition can be rearranged as
.
Since , both terms on the right side are positive, hence both terms increase the required threshold gain parameter. This means that minimising the gain parameter requires low distributed losses and high reflectivity mirrors. The appearance of in the denominator suggests that the required threshold gain would be decreased by lengthening the gain medium, but this is not generally the case. The dependence on is more complicated because generally increases with due to diffraction losses.
Measuring the internal losses
The analysis above is predicated on the laser operating in a steady-state at the laser threshold. However, this is not an assumption which can ever be fully satisfied. The problem is that the laser output power varies by orders of magnitude depending on whether the laser is above or below threshold. When very close to threshold, the smallest perturbation is able to cause huge swings in the output laser power. The formalism can, however, be used to obtain good measurements of the internal losses of the laser as follows:
Most types of laser use one mirror that is highly reflecting, and another (called the output coupler) that is partially reflective. Reflectivities greater than 99.5% are routinely achieved in dielectric mirrors. The analysis can be simplified by taking . The reflectivity of the output coupler can then be denoted . The equation above then simplifies to
.
In most cases the pumping power required to achieve lasing threshold will be proportional to the left side of the equation, that is . (This analysis is equally applicable to considering the threshold energy instead of the threshold power. This is more relevant for pulsed lasers). The equation can be rewritten:
,
where is defined by and is a constant. This relationship allows the variable to be determined experimentally.
In order to use this expression, a series of slope efficiencies have to be obtained from a laser, with each slope obtained using a different output coupler reflectivity. The power threshold in each case is given by the intercept of the slope with the x-axis. The resulting power thresholds are then plotted versus . The theory above suggests that this graph is a straight line. A line can be fitted to the data and the intercept of the line with the x-axis found. At this point the x value is equal to the round trip loss . Quantitative estimates of can then be made.
One of the appealing features of this analysis is that all of the measurements are made with the laser operating above the laser threshold. This allows for measurements with low random error, however it does mean that each estimate of requires extrapolation.
A good empirical discussion of laser loss quantification is given in the book by W. Koechner.
References
Threshold
Futsal Association of India (FAI) is the governing body of state-level futsal league and Asian Premier Futsal Championship in India.
FAI has been developing futsal through various District, State and National Championships. FAI organised its 1st Youth Futsal Championship in 2011.
FAI is affiliated with Asociación Mundial de Fútbol de Salón (AMF) since 2011, and was a founding member of the Confederation of Asian Futsal (CAFS).
See also
Football in India
AMF Futsal World Cup
AFC Futsal Asian Cup
AFC Futsal Club Championship
FIFA Futsal World Cup
AIFF Futsal Club Championship
Minifootball
Five-a-side football
Indoor soccer
References
External links
Futsal in India
Sports governing bodies in India
Futsal in India
2007 establishments in Maharashtra
Football governing bodies in India
Sports organizations established in 2007
Organisations based in Mumbai
Twiggs County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,023. The county seat is Jeffersonville. The county was created on December 14, 1809, and named for American Revolutionary War general John Twiggs.
Twiggs County is included in the Macon, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Twiggs County Courthouse is located in Jeffersonville.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Due to its location on the fall line, the county boasts a diverse geography. Northern parts of the county tend to be hillier, being part of the Piedmont region, and southern parts of the county tend to be flatter, being part of the upper Atlantic coastal plain.
The geographical center of Georgia lies in Twiggs County — off Bullard Road near Old Marion.
The southwestern and central portion of Twiggs County, south of Dry Branch and west of Jeffersonville, is located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. A narrow northwestern portion of the county, from just north to southwest of Dry Branch, is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The entire eastern edge of the county is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin, with a small triangular portion of Twiggs County, south of Interstate 16 and west of Danville, located in the Little Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the same larger Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 16
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 80
U.S. Route 129 Alternate
State Route 18
State Route 19
State Route 57
State Route 87
State Route 96
State Route 112
State Route 358
State Route 404 (unsigned designation for I-16)
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
Adjacent counties
Wilkinson County - northeast
Laurens County - southeast
Bleckley County - south
Houston County - southwest
Bibb County - west
Jones County - northwest
National protected area
Bond Swamp National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,590 people, 3,832 households, and 2,862 families living in the county. The population density was 29 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 4,291 housing units at an average density of 12 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 54.88% White, 43.65% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.25% from other races, and 0.87% from two or more races. 1.06% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,832 households, out of which 33.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.00% were married couples living together, 17.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.30% were non-families. 22.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.20.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.00% under the age of 18, 9.40% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 23.30% from 45 to 64, and 11.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,608, and the median income for a family was $38,715. Males had a median income of $31,141 versus $22,057 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,259. About 15.50% of families and 19.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.20% of those under age 18 and 25.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 9,023 people, 3,634 households, and 2,492 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,235 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 56.8% white, 41.3% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 11.1% were American, and 8.4% were English.
Of the 3,634 households, 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were married couples living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.4% were non-families, and 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.99. The median age was 45.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,521 and the median income for a family was $31,324. Males had a median income of $38,886 versus $25,446 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,904. About 17.3% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.6% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 8,022 people, 3,044 households, and 1,838 families residing in the county.
Education
Twiggs Academy
Twiggs County Comprehensive Middle/High School
Jefersonville Elementary
Communities
Allentown
Danville
Dry Branch
Jeffersonville (county seat)
Notable people
Philip Cook, Confederate general in the Civil War and postbellum U.S. Congressman.
Darqueze Dennard, cornerback for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League and former cornerback for the Michigan State Spartans football team. He was the winner of the 2013 Jim Thorpe Award.
Dudley Mays Hughes, member of the U.S. House of Representatives, American politician, farmer and railroad executive.
Chuck Leavell, an American musician and current tree farmer in Twiggs County, who was a member of The Allman Brothers Band during the height of their 1970s popularity, a founding member of the jazz-rock combo Sea Level, a frequently-employed session musician, and long-time touring member of The Rolling Stones.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Twiggs County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1809 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1809
Macon metropolitan area, Georgia
Felice Guarneri (1882–1955) was an Italian economist and politician who served in the cabinet led by Benito Mussolini as the minister for exchanges and currencies between 1937 and 1939.
Biography
Guarneri was born in Pozzaglio on 6 January 1882. He was the professor of economic policy at the University of Genoa from 1909 to 1914. Then he was appointed secretary general of the Union of Chambers of Commerce. In 1920, he was appointed general secretariat of the association of Italian joint-stock companies and later became its general manager. At the beginning of the 1930s Guarneri was the editor-in-chief of a scholarly journal entitled Rivista di politica economica which supported corporatism. In 1935, he served as the superintendent for exchanges and currencies institution. Next he was appointed its undersecretary and named as the minister for exchanges and currencies which he held between 1937 and 1939. From 1940 to 1944 he was president of the Banco di Roma. Guarneri died in Rome on 3 April 1955.
Views and work
Guarneri was a supporter of Fascism and Catholicism, modernity and social conservatism. He published several books on the Italian economy.
References
External links
1882 births
1955 deaths
Government ministers of Italy
Italian economists
Mussolini Cabinet
National Fascist Party politicians
University of Genoa alumni
Reeves was the most prominent firm of monumental masons (tombstone carvers) in Bath, Somerset. They flourished from c. 1778 to the 1860s. They often signed their work with "Reeves," or occasionally "Reeves & Son of Bath" when commissioned outside of Bath. One memorial is in the Grade I-listed City of London church St. Magnus the Martyr.
List of works
1786, Thomas Stokes, marble tablet in St Marys Church Yate
1799, Nathaniel Osborne, marble tablet in St Marys Church, Tormarton
1807, Simon Wayte marble tablet in Church of St Mary, Rodbourne Cheney, Swindon
1820, Thomas Preston Esq. (d.1820) and wife Jane (d.1823), their daughters, and many subsequent entries until 1848. It features the willow tree motif, and is in the City of London Church of St Magnus-the-Martyr.
1841, George Whittington marble tablet in Holy Trinity Church, Cold Ashton
c.1847, Benjamin Plim Bellamy Monument in Bath Abbey Cemetery
c.1847, Samuel Maxwell Hinds Memorial in Bath Abbey Cemetery
c.1847, Joseph Chaning Pearce Memorial in Bath Abbey Cemetery
1851, William Bevan Gwyn monument in Church of St Cain, Llangain
Contemporary Monumental Masons in Bath
Rogers of Bath
Tucker, Mason
Treasure, Mason
White
References
Companies based in Bath, Somerset
Stonemasons
Monumental masons
In computer science, locality-sensitive hashing (LSH) is an algorithmic technique that hashes similar input items into the same "buckets" with high probability. (The number of buckets is much smaller than the universe of possible input items.) Since similar items end up in the same buckets, this technique can be used for data clustering and nearest neighbor search. It differs from conventional hashing techniques in that hash collisions are maximized, not minimized. Alternatively, the technique can be seen as a way to reduce the dimensionality of high-dimensional data; high-dimensional input items can be reduced to low-dimensional versions while preserving relative distances between items.
Hashing-based approximate nearest neighbor search algorithms generally use one of two main categories of hashing methods: either data-independent methods, such as locality-sensitive hashing (LSH); or data-dependent methods, such as locality-preserving hashing (LPH).
Definitions
An LSH family
is defined for
a metric space ,
a threshold ,
an approximation factor ,
and probabilities and .
This family is a set of functions that map elements of the metric space to buckets . An LSH family must satisfy the following conditions for any two points and any hash function chosen uniformly at random from :
if , then (i.e., and collide) with probability at least ,
if , then with probability at most .
A family is interesting when . Such a family is called -sensitive.
Alternatively it is defined with respect to a universe of items that have a similarity function . An LSH scheme is a family of hash functions coupled with a probability distribution over the functions such that a function chosen according to satisfies the property that for any .
Locality-preserving hashing
A locality-preserving hash is a hash function that maps points in a metric space to a scalar value such that
for any three points .
In other words, these are hash functions where the relative distance between the input values is preserved in the relative distance between the output hash values; input values that are closer to each other will produce output hash values that are closer to each other.
This is in contrast to cryptographic hash functions and checksums, which are designed to have random output difference between adjacent inputs.
The first family of locality-preserving hash functions was devised as a way to facilitate data pipelining in implementations of parallel random-access machine (PRAM) algorithms that use universal hashing to reduce memory contention and network congestion.
Locality preserving hashes are related to space-filling curves.
Amplification
Given a -sensitive family , we can construct new families by either the AND-construction or OR-construction of .
To create an AND-construction, we define a new family of hash functions , where each function is constructed from random functions from . We then say that for a hash function , if and only if all for . Since the members of are independently chosen for any , is a -sensitive family.
To create an OR-construction, we define a new family of hash functions , where each function is constructed from random functions from . We then say that for a hash function , if and only if for one or more values of . Since the members of are independently chosen for any , is a -sensitive family.
Applications
LSH has been applied to several problem domains, including:
Near-duplicate detection
Hierarchical clustering
Genome-wide association study
Image similarity identification
VisualRank
Gene expression similarity identification
Audio similarity identification
Nearest neighbor search
Audio fingerprint
Digital video fingerprinting
Physical data organization in database management systems
Training fully connected neural networks
Computer security
Methods
A bit sampling for Hamming distance
One of the easiest ways to construct an LSH family is by bit sampling. This approach works for the Hamming distance over -dimensional vectors . Here, the family of hash functions is simply the family of all the projections of points on one of the coordinates, i.e., , where is the th coordinate of . A random function from simply selects a random bit from the input point. This family has the following parameters: , .
Min-wise independent permutations
Suppose is composed of subsets of some ground set of enumerable items and the similarity function of interest is the Jaccard index . If is a permutation on the indices of , for let . Each possible choice of defines a single hash function mapping input sets to elements of .
Define the function family to be the set of all such functions and let be the uniform distribution. Given two sets the event that corresponds exactly to the event that the minimizer of over lies inside . As was chosen uniformly at random, and define an LSH scheme for the Jaccard index.
Because the symmetric group on elements has size !, choosing a truly random permutation from the full symmetric group is infeasible for even moderately sized . Because of this fact, there has been significant work on finding a family of permutations that is "min-wise independent" — a permutation family for which each element of the domain has equal probability of being the minimum under a randomly chosen . It has been established that a min-wise independent family of permutations is at least of size , and that this bound is tight.
Because min-wise independent families are too big for practical applications, two variant notions of min-wise independence are introduced: restricted min-wise independent permutations families, and approximate min-wise independent families.
Restricted min-wise independence is the min-wise independence property restricted to certain sets of cardinality at most .
Approximate min-wise independence differs from the property by at most a fixed .
Open source methods
Nilsimsa Hash
Nilsimsa is a locality-sensitive hashing algorithm used in anti-spam efforts. The goal of Nilsimsa is to generate a hash digest of an email message such that the digests of two similar messages are similar to each other. The paper suggests that the Nilsimsa satisfies three requirements:
The digest identifying each message should not vary significantly for changes that can be produced automatically.
The encoding must be robust against intentional attacks.
The encoding should support an extremely low risk of false positives.
TLSH
TLSH is locality-sensitive hashing algorithm designed for a range of security and digital forensic applications. The goal of TLSH is to generate hash digests for messages such that low distances between digests indicate that their corresponding messages are likely to be similar.
Testing performed in the paper on a range of file types identified the Nilsimsa hash as having a significantly higher false positive rate when compared to other similarity digest schemes such as TLSH, Ssdeep and Sdhash.
An implementation of TLSH is available as open-source software.
Random projection
The random projection method of LSH due to Moses Charikar called SimHash (also sometimes called arccos) is designed to approximate the cosine distance between vectors. The basic idea of this technique is to choose a random hyperplane (defined by a normal unit vector ) at the outset and use the hyperplane to hash input vectors.
Given an input vector and a hyperplane defined by , we let . That is, depending on which side of the hyperplane lies.
Each possible choice of defines a single function. Let be the set of all such functions and let be the uniform distribution once again. It is not difficult to prove that, for two vectors , , where is the angle between and . is closely related to .
In this instance hashing produces only a single bit. Two vectors' bits match with probability proportional to the cosine of the angle between them.
Stable distributions
The hash function
maps a -dimensional vector
onto the set of integers. Each hash function
in the family is indexed by a choice of random and
where is a -dimensional
vector with
entries chosen independently from a stable distribution and
is
a real number chosen uniformly from the range [0,r]. For a fixed
the hash function is
given by .
Other construction methods for hash functions have been proposed to better fit the data.
In particular k-means hash functions are better in practice than projection-based hash functions, but without any theoretical guarantee.
Semantic hashing
Semantic hashing is a technique that attempts to map input items to addresses such that closer inputs have higher semantic similarity. The hashcodes are found via training of an artificial neural network or graphical model.
LSH algorithm for nearest neighbor search
One of the main applications of LSH is to provide a method for efficient approximate nearest neighbor search algorithms. Consider an LSH family . The algorithm has two main parameters: the width parameter and the number of hash tables .
In the first step, we define a new family of hash functions , where each function is obtained by concatenating functions from , i.e., . In other words, a random hash function is obtained by concatenating randomly chosen hash functions from . The algorithm then constructs hash tables, each corresponding to a different randomly chosen hash function .
In the preprocessing step we hash all -dimensional points from the data set into each of the hash tables. Given that the resulting hash tables have only non-zero entries, one can reduce the amount of memory used per each hash table to using standard hash functions.
Given a query point , the algorithm iterates over the hash functions . For each considered, it retrieves the data points that are hashed into the same bucket as . The process is stopped as soon as a point within distance from is found.
Given the parameters and , the algorithm has the following performance guarantees:
preprocessing time: , where is the time to evaluate a function on an input point ;
space: , plus the space for storing data points;
query time: ;
the algorithm succeeds in finding a point within distance from (if there exists a point within distance ) with probability at least ;
For a fixed approximation ratio and probabilities and , one can set and , where . Then one obtains the following performance guarantees:
preprocessing time: ;
space: , plus the space for storing data points;
query time: ;
Improvements
When is large, it is possible to reuse the hashing time from .
This was shown by and which gave
query time: ;
space: ;
It is also sometimes the case that the factor can be very large.
This happens for example with Jaccard similarity data, where even the most similar neighbor often has a quite low Jaccard similarity with the query.
In it was shown how to reduce the query time to (not including hashing costs) and similarly the space usage.
See also
Bloom filter
Curse of dimensionality
Feature hashing
Fourier-related transforms
Geohash
Multilinear subspace learning
Principal component analysis
Random indexing
Rolling hash
Singular value decomposition
Sparse distributed memory
Wavelet compression
References
Further reading
Samet, H. (2006) Foundations of Multidimensional and Metric Data Structures. Morgan Kaufmann.
External links
Alex Andoni's LSH homepage
LSHKIT: A C++ Locality Sensitive Hashing Library
A Python Locality Sensitive Hashing library that optionally supports persistence via redis
Caltech Large Scale Image Search Toolbox: a Matlab toolbox implementing several LSH hash functions, in addition to Kd-Trees, Hierarchical K-Means, and Inverted File search algorithms.
Slash: A C++ LSH library, implementing Spherical LSH by Terasawa, K., Tanaka, Y
LSHBOX: An Open Source C++ Toolbox of Locality-Sensitive Hashing for Large Scale Image Retrieval, Also Support Python and MATLAB.
SRS: A C++ Implementation of An In-memory, Space-efficient Approximate Nearest Neighbor Query Processing Algorithm based on p-stable Random Projection
TLSH open source on Github
JavaScript port of TLSH (Trend Micro Locality Sensitive Hashing) bundled as node.js module
Java port of TLSH (Trend Micro Locality Sensitive Hashing) bundled as maven package
Search algorithms
Classification algorithms
Dimension reduction
Hashing
Probabilistic data structures
Dabudasht District () is a district (bakhsh) in Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. Its administrative center is Dabudasht. At the 2006 census, its population was 74,687, in 19,356 families. The District has one city: Dabudasht. The District has two rural districts (dehestan): Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District and Dasht-e Sar Rural District.
References
Amol County
Districts of Mazandaran Province
Neophrida meterythralis is a species of snout moth in the genus Neophrida. It was described by George Hampson in 1916 and is known from Venezuela.
References
Moths described in 1916
Tirathabini
John Stroppa (January 2, 1926 – May 7, 2017) was an award-winning halfback who played in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1949 to 1951.
A native of Winnipeg, Stroppa took the league by storm in 1949, being the surprise winner of the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy for Canadian rookie of the year in the west. He also played in the famed Mud Bowl, the 1950 Grey Cup but retired after a serious mid-season kidney injury in 1951.
After his playing days Stroppa moved to Edmonton because of his job, and took up amateur officiating. He then became one of the few professional players to become a CFL referee, working 250 games in 15 years, after which he became the CFL's supervisor of officials for another 11 years. He died in Edmonton on May 7, 2017.
References
1926 births
2017 deaths
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Phyllodicolidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Cyclorhiza Heegaard, 1942
Phyllodicola Delamare Deboutteville & Laubier, 1960
References
Copepods
Crustacean families
The kulibit is a type of tube zither played by the Kalinga people of the Philippines. The instrument consists of a long tube of bamboo which has been slit to allow five or six strands of the bamboo husk to be played as "strings".
The instrument is also played by the Bontoc and Tinguian people who call it the kollitong, and the Manobo and Tiruray people, who call it the saluray, togo, or takumbu.
These types of instruments, in which a portion of the body of the instrument serves as a string, are referred to as idiochords. A similar instrument is found in Madagascar, the valiha, though modern valihas may use separate metal or plastic strings.
See also
Kolitong
References
Tube zithers
Philippine musical instruments
Bamboo musical instruments
Culture of Kalinga (province)
Aalborg Boldspilklub A/S (also AaB A/S) is a Danish sports corporation based in Aalborg Denmark. Founded on 1 July 1987, AaB A/S is most noted for ownership of the professional football (soccer) team AaB Fodbold. Other holdings have until included professional handball and hockey teams, a retail sports chain, a conference and sports center and a sports college but all of these activities has been closed or sold off due to financial problems. The company's stock is traded on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange as AaB.
Management
AaB A/S is headed by director Lynge Jacobsen and seven board members, with Finn V. Nielsen as chairman of the board.
Each department has its own division director.
Shareholders
At 31 December 2008 Aalborg Boldspilklub A/S had about 9,600 shareholders.
Two companies owned more than 5%. They are Nordjyske Holding A/S with 19.8% and Sebc Holding ApS with 5.3%.
References
External links
AaB stock profile at Børsen A/S
Aalborg Boldspilklub
Entertainment companies of Denmark
Companies based in Aalborg
The Nini is a river in south-western Ghana. It is one of the rivers for which the Nini-Suhien National Park (now incorporated into the Ankasa Conservation Area) was named. It flows into the Tano River.
References
External links
GEOnet Names Server
Tour site with reference to Nini and Suhien Rivers
Rivers of Ghana
Josh Rachele (born 11 April 2003) is a professional Australian rules footballer. He was selected by the Adelaide Crows in the 2021 AFL draft. He previously played for the Murray Bushrangers in the NAB League and the Shepparton Swans Football Club in the Goulburn Valley League. He was educated at Notre Dame College, Shepparton and Caulfield Grammar School.
Rachele had had an opportunity to play soccer professionally but chose Australian rules football instead. He was part of the academy for Melbourne City FC and the under-17s Australian team.
He has Italian and Greek heritage.
AFL career
Rachele made an immediate impact at the Crows, kicking five goals on debut against Fremantle in the opening round of the 2022 AFL season.
References
External links
Living people
2003 births
Adelaide Football Club players
People educated at Caulfield Grammar School
Murray Bushrangers players
Australian people of Greek descent
Australian people of Italian descent
Ljutovnica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village had a population of 190 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Justin Lock is an American meteorologist for the Charleston, South Carolina TV Station, WCSC-TV. He first started at KHAS-TV in Hastings, Nebraska. Then he made his way to Charleston to WCIV-TV as an anchor on Lowcountry Live. After that, he was in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on CN8 The Comcast Network. He then went to the WGCL-TV in Atlanta, Georgia, and boosted their morning show, Better Mornings Atlanta, while he was a Weather/Traffic anchor. He now is in Charleston at WCSC-TV.
Lock graduated from Ohio State University in 2001 with a Bachelor of Science degree in meteorology. He has chased tornadoes in Nebraska, lived through several landfalling hurricanes in Charleston, South Carolina, and forecasted countless nor'easters in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Lock began his career in 2001 doing morning weather in Hastings, Nebraska, on KHAS-TV with other stints in Charleston on WWCIV-TV and Philadelphia on CN8.
In June 2011 Lock won his first Emmy Award for best On-Air Meteorologist in the Southeastern United States.
Lock is also a member of the American Meteorological Society and has earned the Certified Broadcast Meteorologist seal (CBM), the highest certification in his field.
Lock resides in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, with his wife and newborn son and his two dogs.
References
Justin Lock bio. CBS Atlanta TV.
External links
Justin Lock at LinkedIn
https://web.archive.org/web/20130712160738/http://www.live5news.com/story/21101049/justin-lock
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American meteorologists
Volleyball offensive systems are the ways in which a coach can personalize and tweak his or her team's offense based on each player's skill level to make the team as competitive as possible. This is done by using different formations that allow a team to use a variety of volleyball attacks. A team on offense will try to increase the probability of winning a point on a hit by confusing the opposing blockers and disguising the setter's intended receiver as much as possible. This is done keeping in mind that the goal is to score a point and that running a successful offense is executed differently for every team. Teams use offensive systems in whatever way suits the team best.
Preview
Volleyball offense is how a team can attempt to score a point by causing the ball to land on the opposing teams side of the court. Generally, this is done by first receiving the ball from the other side in the form of either an attack or serve, having the ball set to an attacker, and then having a player jump and attack the ball. Once the ball is received, the goal is to get the ball where it can be hit most effectively. This is usually close to the net where an attacker can jump and hit the ball. Based on a teams skill level, they will be able to run their offense smoothly with a unique arsenal of attacks and formations.
Attacks
Basic
The basics sets are used by teams that do not yet have the experience to run more complicated plays. Any more advanced set, relative to the team skill level, should be used sparingly so the opposing block is tricked by thinking the set is merely a basic set.
10: A 10 is a high set to the back row antenna where a back row attacker may hit it.
5: A 5 is a high set to the left antenna where an outside attacker may hit it.
4: A 4 is a quick (Shoot) set, to the left antenna where an outside attacker may hit it.
3: A 3 (also referred to as a 32 or 33) is a nice high set between the middle hitter and outside hitter.
7: A 7 is a high set that goes right behind the setter (essentially a backwards 2)
6: A 6 is a quick, low set (very similar to a 1) to the right side hitter.
BS: A BS (Back Shoot) is a quick, low set to the right side antenna. This set is very similar to a 4.
1: A 1, also called a quick, is a fast, low set that is set straight up at the middle of the net.
2: A 2 is set in the same spot as a 1 but is about three times as high above the net.
9: A 9 is a high set to the right side antenna where a right-front attacker may hit it.
Advanced
These more complicated sets are meant to fool the opposition and get your attacker with 1 blocker or less. At higher levels, teams will use a basic set if it is a last resort, meaning that the ball was received poorly.
Shoot: A shoot or Go-ball is a quick, low set to the left-front hitter near the antenna.
32: A 32 (pronounced three-two) is a set to the left-front hitter halfway in between the middle of the net and the antenna about the height of a two ball.
Flare: A flare is when an attacker uses an inside-out path to attack an outside set. A teammate commonly runs a quick fake to trick the opponents, then the attacker flares out to attack.
Slide: A slide is a set to any attacker who runs parallel to the net and jumps off of one foot.
Iso: An isolation play is a play where you use an attacker, usually the middle, as a decoy to leave another attacker with a weaker opposing block.
Tandem: A tandem is when one attack follows another and hits the ball right after the first one lands, using the first attacker as a decoy.
Double quick: A double quick is when two attackers take an approach towards the setter so that he or she may set either a 1 or a back 1, which is a 1 set over the shoulder of the setter.
X: An x is when a middle goes up for a 1 and the right side attacker comes from the other side to hit a 2, making the two paths of the hitters cross.
Formations
In volleyball, teams must have their players in a specific formation. The players then rotate around the court clockwise whenever the team performs a side-out. There is a penalty for being out of rotation and the opposing team receives a point. There are three formations that are widely used in the sport, each having advantages and disadvantages.
4-2
This offense takes its name from the fact that it uses 4 attackers and two setters. This is a basic formation generally used by less experienced teams to avoid confusion on the court. At any given time, one of the setters is front row and the other is back row. They are always opposite of each other on the court. This allows for 2 attackers front row at any given time, and the setter is able to dump the ball as the setter will always be in the front court. This basic offensive formation allows for any of the basic sets to be run, as well as a 32, shoot, or possibly a tandem. Teams that use a 4-2 will rarely set anything other than the basic sets. The positive aspects of the 4-2 include its simplicity, so a team can gain experience and later move on to a more complicated formation. The negative aspect of using a 4-2 is its limits regarding your offense. Some think that having two setters takes away from your team as the setter is generally the team leader. Some coaches opt to start their team out running a more complicated system and just having the players adopt it.
5-1
A 5-1 takes its name from using 1 setter and having 5 attackers on the court. The secondary setter is replaced by an opposite hitter who is always opposite the setter on the court. This formation allows the setter to be able to dump the ball for half the rotations and have 3 front row attackers to set the ball to on the other three rotations. This system allows the setter to set any possible set he or she wants to depend on whether he or she is front row or back row. Many coaches prefer this system, having one setter as the team leader. It also helps to have only one setter so that the setting does not change. One setter may set the ball differently from another giving a different feel for the attackers. It helps when the attackers are used to one setter in particular. The negative points of this offense are that the setter needs to transition from defense to set the ball. This creates situations where the setter has the first contact and someone else has to set the ball.
6-2
A 6-2 is similar to a 4-2, but has 6 attackers and 2 setters. This is possible by having the back row setter always set the ball, making the setter only a hitter when he or she is front row. This formation allows any possible set to be made not including a dump by the setter because he or she is always back row when setting the ball. This formation is good for a team in which the setters are also very good attackers where coach does not want to waste that talent. Some young teams also use it so that the player can increase a broad range of skills and not be sentenced to being a setter for his or her career. Unfortunately, this formation has the problems of 5-1 and 4-2. Having two setters, and always having one of them be back row. The setter always has to transition from defense and the leadership is lacking. Most teams at the highest level, including the USA Olympic team use the 5-1 rather than this for leadership purposes. A 6-2 offense is very common when a team has two setters of equal ability and at a younger age.
References
External links
USA Volleyball
ncaa
mpsf men's volleyball
Volleyball terminology
Camille Lizette Vélez-Rivé (born February 5, 1968) is a United States magistrate judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico who is a nominee to serve as a United States district judge of the same court.
Early life and education
Vélez-Rivé was born on February 5, 1968, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. She received a Bachelor of Arts from Washington University in St. Louis in 1989 and a Juris Doctor, magna cum laude, from the University of Puerto Rico Law School in 1993.
Legal career
She served as a law clerk for Justice Francisco Rebollo López of the Puerto Rico Supreme Court from 1993 to 1994. From 1994 to 1997, she was an associate at Pietrantoni Méndez & Alvarez in San Juan, Puerto Rico. From 1998 to 2004, she was an assistant United States attorney in the United States Attorney's Office for the District of Puerto Rico.
Federal judicial service
United States magistrate Judge
Vélez-Rivé has served as a United States magistrate judge for the District of Puerto Rico since 2004.
Nomination to district court
On June 15, 2022, President Joe Biden nominated Vélez-Rivé to serve as a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. President Biden nominated Vélez-Rivé to the seat vacated by Judge Francisco Besosa, who took senior status on January 1, 2022. On July 13, 2022, a hearing on her nomination was held before the Senate Judiciary Committee. On August 4, 2022, her nomination was reported out of committee by a 14-8 vote. Her nomination is pending before the United States Senate.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
20th-century American women lawyers
20th-century Puerto Rican lawyers
21st-century American judges
21st-century American women lawyers
21st-century Puerto Rican lawyers
American women judges
Assistant United States Attorneys
Hispanic and Latino American judges
Hispanic and Latino American lawyers
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican judges
Puerto Rican women lawyers
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
University of Puerto Rico alumni
United States magistrate judges
André Hennebicq (16 February 1836–31 March 1904) was a Belgian painter, specialising in historical pictures and murals. He trained under Joseph Stallaert in Tournai, his native town, and Jan Frans Portaels in the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. He won the Prix de Rome (Belgium) in 1865; the gold medal at Brussels in 1872 (for Travailleurs dans la campagne romaine) and at Paris in 1874 (for Messaline, insultée par le peuple).
Notes and references
Further reading
Hennebicq, Leon, 1937: La vie d'André Hennebicq. Peintre. Brussel: Ferdinand Larcier
Hermans, C., 1923: Annuaire de l'Académie Royale des Sciences, des Lettres et des Beaux-Arts de Belgique: Notice sur André Hennebicq 89, 101-114 online edition
Masson, P., Van Grieken., J., & Vandekerckhove, V. 2004: In eer hersteld. De monumentale schilderijenreeks van André Hennebicq in het Leuvense stadhuis. Leuven: Stad Leuven
1836 births
1904 deaths
Artists from Tournai
Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts alumni
Haplogroup Q may refer to:
Haplogroup Q (mtDNA), a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup
Haplogroup Q (Y-DNA), a human Y-chromosome (Y-DNA) haplogroup
The R482 road is a regional road in Ireland. It is a loop road from the N67 in County Clare. The road is part of the Wild Atlantic Way.
The R482 travels southwest from the N67 to Spanish Point. After Spanish Point, the road turns south before rejoining the N67. The R482 is long.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Clare
Eudokia Dekapolitissa () was the empress consort of Michael III (r. 842–867), the last member of the Phrygian Dynasty to rule the Byzantine Empire.
Marriage
Michael III had succeeded to the throne in 842, when he was two years old. His mother, Theodora, and Theoktistos jointly served as his regents. In 855, Michael III was fifteen years old and had one mistress, Eudokia Ingerina.
Theodora did not approve of the relationship and organized a bride-show for her son, where Dekapolitissa was one of the contenders. Her background is unknown, though entry to a bride-show required noble origin and courtly connections. Through the bride-show, Dekapolitissa was chosen to become empress.
Empress
Throughout their marriage, Michael continued his affair with Ingerina. In early 856, Michael III relegated his surviving sisters to monasteries. On 15 March 856, Theodora was stripped of her title of Augusta. She was allowed to remain in the palace until accused of conspiring against her son the following year, when she was forced to join her daughters as a nun.
Although she remained Michael's legal wife, the status of Eudokia during these events is unknown. She continued to be the empress until the assassination of Michael III by Basil the Macedonian on 23–24 September 867. Eudokia was not harmed by Basil, and returned as a widow to her family. She does not resurface in historical records.
References
9th-century births
9th-century deaths
9th-century Byzantine empresses
Phrygian dynasty
The 1961 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State College during the 1961 NCAA College Division football season.
San Diego State competed in the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA). The team was led by head coach Don Coryell, in his first year, and played home games at Aztec Bowl. They finished the season with seven wins, two losses and one tie (7–2–1, 2–2–1 CCAA). This was a big turnaround from the previous year when they had won only a single game.
Schedule
Team players in the NFL/AFL
No San Diego State players were selected in the 1962 NFL Draft or 1962 AFL Draft.
Team awards
Notes
References
San Diego State
San Diego State Aztecs football seasons
San Diego State Aztecs football
J. Ivy (born March 3, 1976 as James Ivy Richardson II) is an American performance poet, spoken word artist, recording artist, songwriter and author. He is a three-time HBO Def Poet and is known for his performance on Kanye West's Grammy Award winning debut album The College Dropout, which featured him on the song "Never Let Me Down" along with Jay-Z. He received an NAACP Image Award for his writing and on-camera narration of the BET documentary Muhammad Ali: The People's Champ.
Early life
J. Ivy was born March 3, 1976 as James Ivy Richardson II in Chicago, Illinois to James Ivy Richardson Sr. and Pamela Richardson. His father was a Disc Jockey and On-Air Personality, who went by the name Jim Richards. Jim Richards' highlights included hosting the morning hour show on Chicago's popular radio station WVON, and his mother was a registered nurse.
J. Ivy grew up on Chicago's South side with his family until the age of 14 before moving to the South Suburbs of Chicago, where he attended Rich Central High School. Ivy discovered his poetry talent during his junior year when his English teacher asked him to perform a piece he had written for a routine homework assignment. He performed in front of the student body and received a standing ovation. J. was heavily influenced by his mother, who supported his budding talent by encouraging him to continue writing and publish his burgeoning body of work. After his successful school performance, J took his poetry passion as a serious hobby and began regularly writing and performing well into his college years.
Music career
J. Ivy attended Illinois State University, where he became known on campus as "The Poet" and delved deeper into the art form. After college, J. Ivy returned to Chicago and frequently performed on the local arts circuit. As his popularity grew, J. Ivy was featured several times on Chicago's WGCI radio station and later became the host of "Rituals," (from 1997 to 2000) the most popular poetry night in Chicago and perhaps the nation at that time. He was eventually asked to come on Russell Simmons' HBO Def Poetry Jam. He received a standing ovation for his performance of "I Need to Write" and was invited back for two encore appearances in later seasons where he performed his signature poems "Dear Father" and "Never Let Me Down."
Fellow Chicagoan Kanye West heard about J. Ivy from mutual friends while he was working on his debut album The College Dropout for Roc-A-Fella Records. He contacted Ivy and offered him the opportunity to be on the song, "Never Let Me Down" which also featured Jay-Z. The College Dropout album earned a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album. The night J. Ivy recorded his verse on "Never Let Me Down," he heard music from a singer named John Stephens. J. Ivy was so inspired by John's music that he began to call him John Legend. J. Ivy is also featured in the first episode of the Kanye three part documentary Jeen-yuhs.
His distinct hip-hop poetic style caught the attention of many who were not accustomed to hearing poetry incorporated into music in this manner which led him to collaborating with many artists including John Legend, Estelle, Slum Village, Maurice Brown, Smoke DZA, and more.
On October 26, 2010, J. Ivy released his second studio album "HERE I AM", which features guest artists Abiodun Oyewole of The Last Poets, Jessica Care Moore, Jesse Boykins III, Blitz the Ambassador, Chris Rob, Amanda Seales, Mikkey Halsted, and more.
In 2014 J. Ivy released a mixtape titled, "Diggin' in the Papes Vol.1", which features a host of collaborative records Ivy has created with Hip-Hop artist and producers like Crooked I, The Cool Kids, Ski Beatz, Slum Village, Carl Thomas, Tall Black Guy, and more.
In 2017 J. Ivy released his third studio album, "My Daddy's Records", an album created for his book "Dear Father: Breaking the Cycle of Pain."
J. Ivy is currently the Chicago Chapter President of the Recording Academy and is the first Spoken-Word Artist to hold a Chapter President seats in the history of the Recording Academy.
Literary career
In 2012, J. Ivy followed up his album "HERE I AM" with the release of his book "HERE I AM: Then & Now," a compilation of the album's lyrics, stories regarding the inspiration for the album, and additional poetry. In January 2014 J. Ivy inked a book deal with Beyond Words Publishing, an imprint of Atria Books & Simon & Schuster, for the January 2015 release of his new book "Dear Father: Breaking the Cycle of Pain", which is based on J. Ivy's poem "Dear Father" (as seen on HBO Def Poetry).
Ad campaigns
In addition to his voice, Ivy has been a featured in numerous ads and served as a spokesperson for national corporate initiatives. He has been a model for both Mecca and LRG's national print-ads as well as a spokesperson for Ford Urban.com alongside Tarrey Torae, Rocsi from BET's 106 & Park and MTV's VJ Sway Calloway.
Voice overs
J. Ivy was the sole voice and face in Verizon's History in the Making Campaign, which earned him a Gold Clio Award for the campaign's commercial, which was shown in movie theaters nationwide. This campaign was directed by Bob Giraldi, who directed Michael Jackson's "Beat It." J. Ivy's musical endorsements have also included extensive work with Allstate Insurance's Beyond February initiative. J. Ivy's voice has also been heard on 2013 Benjamin Moore & Co. Paint Commercial, 2013–15 Nissan Commercials, HBO Boxing, Monday Night Football, CBS Sports, MTV's Who's Got Game, and in the 2009 and 2011 NFL seasons, he was featured on the introduction for the entire season of NBC's Sunday Night Football alongside Faith Hill.
Charity and community involvement
J. Ivy supports programs that bring arts into the school system. He is a regular performer in Chicago Public Schools. J. Ivy was a guest speaker/performer at Deepak Chopra's 2012 Annual Sages & Scientists Symposium and was the official MC for the 2013 & 2014 edition. Additionally, J. Ivy has conducted poetry workshops and given performances for Reading Is Fundamental, The Kanye West Foundation, and Steve Harvey's Mentoring Camp For Young Men, where he presented his Dear Father Initiative, which teaches the power of forgiveness and promotes social emotional healing through the exercise of writing and journaling.
Film and television appearances
J. Ivy has appeared on many programs and series, including: ER, The Martha Stewart Show, ABC's BCS Selection Show, ABC's All-America Team Show, ABC's FedEx Orange Bowl Championship Game, ABC's Monday Night Football, ABC's NBA Finals, Russell Simmons' Def Poetry Jam on HBO, HBO's Bob Costas Now, HBO Boxing, MTV's Who's Got Game, MTV's 2004 New Year's Eve Bash (2004), MTV's Black History Month Special (2004), MTV's My Block, VH-1's Best Year Ever (2005), B.E.T.'s Lyric Café, BET's Black Carpet Series, B.E.T.'s Harlem Nights, the independent film, Backstabbers (1999), ESPN's 2015 Scripps National Spelling Bee, and B.E.T.'s "Ali: The People's Champ, which won a NAACP Image Award. In 2018 Ivy's national T.V. commercial for AARP premiered on Super Bowl Sunday during the episode of NBC's This Is Us and has run through 2019. In January of 2019 J. Ivy wrote for, starred in, and narrated B.E.T.'s documentary "Martin: The Legacy of a King." He was also featured in Episode 1 of AMC's "Hip-Hop: The Songs that Shook America."
Personal life
After dating for six years, J. Ivy married singer-songwriter Tarrey Torae, on September 4, 2005, in Chicago, Illinois.
References
External links
Screamingwoman.com
Rogerroberts.net
Official website
American spoken word artists
Writers from Chicago
1976 births
Living people
Saptaswa Basu is a Bengali film director, producer, writer and editor who has been involved in directing films, telefilms and ad films.
Career
He has founded his production house Neo Studios and has been producing his films under the same banner. Basu is a student of Electronics and Communication Engineering from RCC Institute of Information and Technology. He started directing and editing shorts since the age of 17 years and gained much appreciation and acclaim in various film festivals. After completing college, he has started working making feature films projects. His debut feature film is called Network.
Filmography
Pratidwandi
Shree & I (2020 short film)
Network (2019) (starring Saswata Chatterjee, Sabyasachi Chakraborty, Bhaskar Banerjee, Rini Ghosh, Indrajit Mazumder, Saayoni Ghosh and others)
I/Witness (2010)
Protibimbo (2010)
Jugmapath (2010) (for AnandaUtsav.com )
Fate/Fatal (2010)
Giallo (Yellow) (2010)
I/Witness 2 (2011)
The Forlorn (2011)
The Oasis (2012)
Jotugriho (Upcoming)
Doctor Bakshi (2022)
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Bengali film directors
People from Kolkata
Blackmail is a 1928 thriller play by the British writer Charles Bennett. In Chelsea, an artist's model kills an artist when he attempts to assault her.
It ran for 38 performances at the Globe Theatre in London's West End. Directed by Raymond Massey, was the playwright's first West End production, chosen by the impresario Albert H. Woods as a vehicle for the American star Tallulah Bankhead. In the event it was the shortest British run Bankhead had been in. It was initially considered a disappointment and Woods never staged the play on Broadway. However, over the following decade it became a popular work on tour in Britain and Ireland.
Adaptation
The following year it was made into Blackmail, a pioneering early sound film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Anny Ondra. It was also novelised by Ruth Alexander.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Kabatchnik, Amnon. Blood on the Stage, 1925-1950: Milestone Plays of Crime, Mystery and Detection. Scarecrow Press, 2010.
Wearing, J. P. The London Stage 1920-1929: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1928 plays
Plays by Charles Bennett
Thriller plays
British plays adapted into films
Plays set in London
West End plays
Victor Morales (born 1 November 1943) is a former Ecuadorian cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Ecuadorian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Ecuador
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sungevity is a solar electricity company based in Oakland, California. Founded in 2007, the company designs home solar systems; provides financing options; and manages system installation, maintenance, and performance.
Sungevity operates in the United States and Europe. Within the United States, it installed solar panels and solar systems in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maryland, New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Vermont, Delaware, and Washington D.C. In 2012, the company reported having more than 250 employees, but in 2017 it laid off almost all its staff and was sold to Northern Pacific Group.
In 2020, Sungevity's assets were acquired by Minnesota-based company Pineapple Energy, which resumed activity under the Sungevity name in California only.
History
Founding
Sungevity was founded in 2007 by Danny Kennedy, Andrew Birch (CEO), and Alec Guettel. On September 22, 2009, thefirm announced that it had raised $6 million to expand its services to Southern California and California's Central Valley. On May 1, 2010, Sungevity partnered with US Bank and launched its Solar Lease program.
In December 2010, the firm raised an additional $15 million toward its Series C funding round. In 2011, it worked with U.S. Bancorp, Rabobank, and Citigroup to fund residential solar installations. Also in 2011, Lowe's, the home-improvement retailer, purchased a stake in Sungevity. In April 2014, the firm raised $70 million in equity from investors including General Electric, Lowe's, Jetstream Ventures, and E.ON, Europe's largest investor-owned utility. On December 15, 2015, it announced its $600 million private equity funding by investors including GE Ventures as well as Apollo Investment Corporation.
In November 2011, the firm announced it was taking an equity stake in Dutch solar company Zonline. Sungevity was to provide Zonline with its proprietary software tools, including the company's Remote Solar Design services and brand-identity assets. In June 2014, Sungevity acquired Zonline and launched Sungevity Netherlands.
In April 2012, Sungevity and Australian solar company Nickel Energy announced a joint venture, called Sungevity Australia, that would provide Australian homeowners with their first pay-as-you-go solar option, which the company dubbed RoofJuice.
Layoffs and first acquisition
In January 2017 the company laid off senior and mid-level managers, and in March it laid off around 2/3 of its staff without notice, with sources at the company suggesting bankruptcy was imminent. The ex-employees filed a lawsuit seeking back pay for 60 days, a requirement under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act. In April, after laying off another 2/3 of its staff without severance pay, the remainder of the company was sold to private equity firm Northern Pacific Group for $50 million, who created a new company, Solar Spectrum, which acquired Sungevity's infrastructure, technology, installer network, supplier warranties, and certain agreements. Northern Pacific Group also acquired Sungevity's European businesses which were subsequently sold to French utility Engie. The now Engie owned European business operates under the name Sungevity International.
Sungevity laid off 400 people in March 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
In November 2020, Sungevity's companies Horizon Solar Power and Solar Spectrum, along with Sungevity, before Sungevity resumed operations under Pineapple Energy.
Pineapple Energy Acquisition
In 2021, Sungevity resumed operations under the umbrella of Pineapple Energy, which acquired its assets in 2020. Pineapple Energy is a U.S.-based operator and consolidator of residential solar, battery storage and grid services solutions, which is currently privately owned but will be merging with the publicly traded Communication Systems Inc., an IoT company.
Awards and recognition
2009 Green Business Award
Green Jobs Award 2011
Planet Forward Innovator of the Year 2011
See also
Off-the-grid
References
Solar energy companies of the United States
Solar energy in California
Companies based in Oakland, California
Energy companies established in 2007
Renewable resource companies established in 2007
2007 establishments in California
Energy in the San Francisco Bay Area
American companies established in 2007
FC Lokomotyv Smila was a Ukrainian football club from Smila.
History
It was one of the best football clubs from Cherkasy Oblast and it still holds the record for the number of wins in the regional championship and cup competitions. The club became a successor of FC Kharchovyk Smila that participated in the regional championship of Kiev Oblast (Note: Cherkasy Oblast was created in 1954). Lokomotyv holds a record of being the champion 10 times, while its closest pursuer Temp Cherkasy (4 wins) does not exist any longer.
Sometime in the beginning of 2000s the club was dissolved, but in 2005 it was revived at first as a farm club FC Dnipro Cherkasy under the name Dnipro-2 Smila. In 2006 it was reorganized into an independent club as FC Yavir Smila and continues to compete in the regional championships.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|1995–96
|align=center|4th
|align=center bgcolor=silver|2
|align=center|6
|align=center|3
|align=center|2
|align=center|1
|align=center|5
|align=center|5
|align=center|11
|align=center|1/128
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Zone 3, Promoted
|-
|align=center|1996–97
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|13
|align=center|32
|align=center|9
|align=center|10
|align=center|13
|align=center|29
|align=center|37
|align=center|37
|align=center|1/64
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Group B
|-
|align=center|1997–98
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|11
|align=center|32
|align=center|10
|align=center|9
|align=center|13
|align=center|34
|align=center|40
|align=center|39
|align=center|1/128
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Group B
|-
|align=center|1998–99
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|x
|align=center|7
|align=center|–
|align=center|–
|align=center|–
|align=center|0
|align=center|0
|align=center|–
|align=center|1/64
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Group B, withdrew
|}
Honours
Cherkasy Oblast Football Championship
Winners (11): 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1973, 1974, 1995
References
Football clubs in Cherkasy Oblast
Lokomotyv Smila
Railway association football clubs in Ukraine
Association football clubs disestablished in the 2000s
2000s disestablishments in Ukraine
The black-bellied wren (Pheugopedius fasciatoventris) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The black-bellied wren has three subspecies, the nominate Pheugopedius fasciatoventris fasciatoventris, P. f. melanogaster, and P. f. albigularis.
Description
Male black-bellied wrens weigh and females . Adults of all three subspecies have a rich chestnut back and tail; the latter has black bars. They have a white supercilium of varying size above a grayish face and are white on the chin, throat, and breast. All three have a black belly, but that of P. f. melanogaster is unmarked while those of the other two subspecies have thin white bars.
Distribution and habitat
P. f. melanogaster is the northernmost subspecies; it is found from the Gulf of Nicoya in western Costa Rica through western Panama to the Canal Zone. P. f. albigularis is found from the Canal Zone into Colombia's Chocó Department. The nominate P. f. fasciatoventris is found in northwestern and central Colombia east to the foothills of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta and south into the Cauca and Magdalena valleys. The species inhabits the interior and edges of primary and secondary forest and is often associated with streams.
Behavior
Feeding
The black-bellied wren forages mainly in the canopy and sub-canopy of both the forest interior and its edges. It also sometimes forages in the understory and on the ground, but always in dense cover. It preys on small arthropods but details are scant.
Breeding
The black-bellied wren nests mostly in forest edges, usually near the ground in vine tangles. The nests are domed with a side entrance and constructed by both sexes of strips of palm and sugar cane leaves and lined with softer plant material. The clutch size is two. It appears that only the female incubates the eggs. The species' nests are heavily predated.
Vocalization
Both sexes of the black-bellied wren have large song repertoires; one male was recorded with 38 different songs and a female with 19. Multiple examples are available at Xeno-canto and Cornell's Macaulay Library .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the black-bellied wren as being of The Least Concern. However, its population "is suspected to be in decline owing to ongoing habitat destruction and fragmentation."
References
black-bellied wren
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
black-bellied wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Always Be My Maybe may refer to:
Always Be My Maybe (2016 film), 2016 Philippine romantic-comedy film
Always Be My Maybe (2019 film), 2019 American romantic-comedy film
See also
"Always Be My Baby", song
The church of Saint Sarkis (; pronounced Surp Sarkis) is located at the edge of a gorge opposite the town of Ashtarak in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is situated at an attractive point at a promontory overlooking the gorge and offers a fine view to the three churches of Tsiranavor, Spitakavor, and Karmravor. Located in the center of town nearby is also the church of S. Mariane. Directly below Saint Sarkis in the gorge is a unique bridge built in 1664. A path leads down from the church into the gorge and across the bridge which leads to the town.
Architecture
Saint Sarkis Church has a small cruciform central-plan supposedly built in the 19th century on an old foundation. A single drum and umbrella type dome rest on top of the church. Four small windows are located around the drum and upon the walls directly below at each of the four sides of the church. The interior stone has not been changed, yet the exterior façades have had extensive restoration work done recently. It looks to be a new church, but a small number of the older original stones carved with decorative relief and inscriptions (replaced with new stone and now sitting next to the foundation of the building) show its age to be much older.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Armenian Architectural Studies
Armenian Apostolic churches in Ashtarak
Tourist attractions in Aragatsotn Province
Buildings and structures in Aragatsotn Province
Canalete is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Canalete
Canalete official website
region pujante de Colombia
Cordoba
Deretin is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 175 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Giovanni Francesco Malagodi (12 October 1904 – 17 April 1991) was an Italian liberal politician, secretary of the Italian Liberal Party and president of the Italian Senate.
He was the 3rd and the 6th President of Liberal International in the period 1958–1966 and 1982–1989, respectively.
Biography
Born in London, he was the son of journalist and politician Olindo Malagodi. Starting from the 1930s, he held directive positions in the Banca Commerciale Italiana and was thus named as Italian representative at the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation.
In 1953 he entered the Italian Liberal Party (Partito Liberale Italiano, PLI) and was appointed as the party's national secretary the following year. During his tenure, PLI abandoned the connection with the 19th century Unification of Italy ideals, and established strong ties with Confindustria, the association of Italian industrialists. In particular, Malagodi was a strong opposer of Christian Democracy's openings towards the Italian Socialist Party. This, in 1955, caused the secession of PLI's left wing, forming the Radical Party. Under Malagodi, in 1963 the party scored a record 7% in the Parliament elections.
Between 1954 and 1965, he participated in several Bilderberg conference.
With the formation of centre-left governments in the 1960s, PLI was marginalized in the Italian political world, and suffered an unstoppable decline, which was not halted by the party's participation in the second Giulio Andreotti cabinet in 1972–1973. Malagodi was chosen as Minister of the Treasure. Malagodi launched a series of measures to favour younger and more politically aligned bureaucrats, such as that of the so-called pensioni d'oro ("Golden pensions").
In 1972 Malagodi resigned as PLI's secretary, being followed by Agostino Bignardi, assuming the party's presidency. He abandoned the latter positions in 1977, in contrast with the new secretary, Valerio Zanone, who was more oriented to a collaboration with centre-left parties. Malagodi was the president of the Italian Senate from 22 April to 1 July 1987, succeeding Amintore Fanfani.
He died in Rome in April 1991.
External links
Profile at Italian Senate
Presidents of the Italian Senate
Presidents of the Liberal International
1904 births
1991 deaths
Italian Liberal Party politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
British emigrants to Italy
The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Elphin. It is located on Temple Street in Sligo, Ireland. The cathedral was developed by Bishop Laurence Gillooly who had been appointed Bishop of Elphin in 1858. He decided that the diocese was now of a size and wealth that the time had come to replace St. John's Parish Chapel, which had been recognised as the diocesan pro-cathedral.
He engaged George Goldie, one of the foremost Catholic architects in England in the nineteenth century. The cathedral was opened for divine worship on 26 July 1874 by Cardinal Paul Cullen of Dublin.
Modelled on a Normano–Romano–Byzantine style, it is the only example of a Romanesque style cathedral built during the 19th century. Designed in the shape of a basilica, the church has a square, pyramid-capped tower, which reaches a height of 70 metres, and supporting turrets at the west end. It can seat 1400 people. The circular baptistery incorporated in the apse with its five lancet windows behind the high altar, was originally designed as a mortuary chapel.
References
External links
Cathedral website
Roman Catholic cathedrals in the Republic of Ireland
Roman Catholic churches in County Sligo
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1874
George Goldie church buildings
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Ireland
The Americas Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2000.
In the Americas Zone there were four different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier. The top two teams in Group III advanced to the Americas Zone Group II in 2001, whereas the bottom two teams were relegated to the Americas Zone Group IV in 2001.
Participating nations
Draw
Venue: Liguanea Club, Kingston, Jamaica
Date: 22–26 March
Group A
Group B
1st to 4th place play-offs
5th to 8th place play-offs
Final standings
and promoted to Group II in 2001.
and relegated to Group IV in 2001.
Round robin
Group A
Haiti vs. Puerto Rico
Panama vs. Jamaica
Haiti vs. Panama
Puerto Rico vs. Jamaica
Haiti vs. Jamaica
Puerto Rico vs. Panama
Group B
Netherlands Antilles vs. Bolivia
Dominican Republic vs. Trinidad and Tobago
Netherlands Antilles vs. Trinidad and Tobago
Dominican Republic vs. Bolivia
Netherlands Antilles vs. Dominican Republic
Bolivia vs. Trinidad and Tobago
1st to 4th place play-offs
Semifinals
Puerto Rico vs. Dominican Republic
Jamaica vs. Netherlands Antilles
Final
Dominican Republic vs. Netherlands Antilles
3rd to 4th play-off
Puerto Rico vs. Jamaica
5th to 8th place play-offs
5th to 8th play-offs
Panama vs. Trinidad and Tobago
Haiti vs. Bolivia
5th to 6th play-off
Trinidad and Tobago vs. Bolivia
7th to 8th play-off
Panama vs. Haiti
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cup Americas Zone
Americas Zone Group III
Pre-Pottery Neolithic B (PPNB) is part of the Pre-Pottery Neolithic, a Neolithic culture centered in upper Mesopotamia and the Levant, dating to years ago, that is, 8800–6500 BC. It was typed by British archaeologist Kathleen Kenyon during her archaeological excavations at Jericho in the West Bank.
Like the earlier PPNA people, the PPNB culture developed from the Mesolithic Natufian culture. However, it shows evidence of a northerly origin, possibly indicating an influx from the region of northeastern Anatolia.
Lifestyle
Cultural tendencies of this period differ from that of the earlier Pre-Pottery Neolithic A (PPNA) period in that people living during this period began to depend more heavily upon domesticated animals to supplement their earlier mixed agrarian and hunter-gatherer diet. In addition, the flint tool kit of the period is new and quite disparate from that of the earlier period. One of its major elements is the naviform core. This is the first period in which architectural styles of the southern Levant became primarily rectilinear; earlier typical dwellings were circular, elliptical and occasionally even octagonal. Pyrotechnology, the expanding capability to control fire, was highly developed in this period. During this period, one of the main features of houses is a thick layer of white clay plaster flooring, highly polished and made of lime produced from limestone.
It is believed that the use of clay plaster for floor and wall coverings during PPNB led to the discovery of pottery. The earliest proto-pottery was White Ware vessels, made from lime and gray ash, built up around baskets before firing, for several centuries around 7000 BCE at sites such as Tell Neba'a Faour (Beqaa Valley). Sites from this period found in the Levant utilizing rectangular floor plans and plastered floor techniques were found at Ain Ghazal, Yiftahel (western Galilee), and Abu Hureyra (Upper Euphrates). The period is dated to between c. 10,700 and c. 8,000 BP or 7000–6000 BC.
Plastered human skulls were reconstructed human skulls that were made in the ancient Levant between 9000 and 6000 BC in the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B period. They represent some of the oldest forms of art in the Middle East and demonstrate that the prehistoric population took great care in burying their ancestors below their homes. The skulls denote some of the earliest sculptural examples of portraiture in the history of art.
Society
Danielle Stordeur's recent work at Tell Aswad, a large agricultural village between Mount Hermon and Damascus could not validate Henri de Contenson's earlier suggestion of a PPNA Aswadian culture. Instead, they found evidence of a fully established PPNB culture at 8700 BC at Aswad, pushing back the period's generally accepted start date by 1,200 years. Similar sites to Tell Aswad in the Damascus Basin of the same age were found at Tell Ramad and Tell Ghoraifé. How a PPNB culture could spring up in this location, practicing domesticated farming from 8700 BC has been the subject of speculation. Whether it created its own culture or imported traditions from the North East or Southern Levant has been considered an important question for a site that poses a problem for the scientific community.
Extent
Work at the site of 'Ain Ghazal in Jordan has indicated a later Pre-Pottery Neolithic C period, which existed between 8,200 and 7,900 BP. Juris Zarins has proposed that a Circum Arabian Nomadic Pastoral Complex developed in the period from the climatic crisis of 6200 BC, partly as a result of an increasing emphasis in PPNB cultures upon animal domesticates, and a fusion with Harifian hunter gatherers in Southern Palestine, with affiliate connections with the cultures of Fayyum and the Eastern Desert of Egypt. Cultures practicing this lifestyle spread down the Red Sea shoreline and moved east from Syria into southern Iraq.
The culture disappeared during the 8.2 kiloyear event, a term that climatologists have adopted for a sudden decrease in global temperatures that occurred approximately 8,200 years before the present, or c. 6200 BC, and which lasted for the next two to four centuries. In the following Munhatta and Yarmukian post-pottery Neolithic cultures that succeeded it, rapid cultural development continues, although PPNB culture continued in the Amuq valley, where it influenced the later development of the Ghassulian culture.
Artifacts
Around 8000 BCE, before the invention of pottery, several early settlements became experts in crafting beautiful and highly sophisticated containers from stone, using materials such as alabaster or granite, and employing sand to shape and polish. Artisans used the veins in the material to maximum visual effect. Such objects have been found in abundance on the upper Euphrates river, in what is today eastern Syria, especially at the site of Bouqras. These form the early stages of the development of the Art of Mesopotamia.
Genetics
Pre-Pottery Neolithic B fossils that were analysed for ancient DNA were found to carry the Y-DNA (paternal) haplogroups E1b1b (2/7; ~29%), CT (2/7; ~29%), E(xE2,E1a,E1b1a1a1c2c3b1,E1b1b1b1a1,E1b1b1b2b) (1/7; ~14%), T(xT1a1,T1a2a) (1/7; ~14%), and H2 (1/7; ~14%). The CT clade was also observed in a Pre-Pottery Neolithic C specimen (1/1; 100%). Maternally, the rare basal haplogroup N* has been found among skeletal remains belonging to the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B, as have the mtDNA clades L3 and K.
DNA analysis has also confirmed ancestral ties between the Pre-Pottery Neolithic culture bearers and the makers of the Epipaleolithic Iberomaurusian culture of North Africa, the Mesolithic Natufian culture of the Levant, the Savanna Pastoral Neolithic culture of East Africa, the Early Neolithic Cardium culture of Morocco, and the Ancient Egyptian culture of the Nile Valley, with fossils associated with these early cultures all sharing a common genomic component.
Diffusion
Carbon-14 dating
The spread of the Neolithic in Europe was first studied quantitatively in the 1970s, when a sufficient number of 14C age determinations for early Neolithic sites had become available. Ammerman and Cavalli-Sforza discovered a linear relationship between the age of an Early Neolithic site and its distance from the conventional source in the Near East (Jericho), thus demonstrating that, on average, the Neolithic spread at a constant speed of about 1 km/yr. More recent studies confirm these results and yield the speed of 0.6–1.3 km/yr at 95% confidence level.
Analysis of mitochondrial DNA
Since the original human expansions out of Africa 200,000 years ago, different prehistoric and historic migration events have taken place in Europe. Considering that the movement of the people implies a consequent movement of their genes, it is possible to estimate the impact of these migrations through the genetic analysis of human populations. Agricultural and husbandry practices originated 10,000 years ago in a region of the Near East known as the Fertile Crescent. According to the archaeological record this phenomenon, known as "Neolithic", rapidly expanded from these territories into Europe. However, whether this diffusion was accompanied or not by human migrations is greatly debated. Mitochondrial DNA – a type of maternally inherited DNA located in the cell cytoplasm- was recovered from the remains of Pre-Pottery Neolithic B (PPNB) farmers in the Near East and then compared to available data from other Neolithic populations in Europe and also to modern populations from South Eastern Europe and the Near East. The obtained results show that substantial human migrations were involved in the Neolithic spread and suggest that the first Neolithic farmers entered Europe following a maritime route through Cyprus and the Aegean Islands.
Relative chronology
See also
Holocene climatic optimum
Levantine archaeology#Ceramics analysis
Prehistory of the Levant
Upper Mesopotamia#Prehistory
References
External links
Neolithic cultures of Asia
Archaeological cultures of the Near East
9th-millennium BC establishments
7th-millennium BC disestablishments
Pre-Pottery Neolithic
Magic Neighbor is an album by musician Lisa Germano. It was released in 2009 through Young God Records. It peaked at #6 on Billboard's New Age Albums chart.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Lisa Germano; except where indicated
"Marypan"
"To the Mighty One"
"Simple"
"Kitty Train"
"The Prince of Plati"
"A Million Times"
"Magic Neighbor"
"Suli-Mon"
"Snow"
"Painting the Doors" (Germano, Harold Budd)
"Cocoon"
Personnel
Sebastian Steinberg - baritone guitar, mandolin, bass
Greg Leisz - pedal steel
References
Lisa Germano albums
2009 albums
Young God Records albums
Parties to the Chemical Weapons Convention encompasses the states that have ratified or acceded to the Chemical Weapons Convention, a multilateral treaty outlawing the production, stockpiling, and use of chemical weapons. In addition, these states are members of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons''' (OPCW).
On January 13, 1993, the Convention was opened for signature. Fiji became the first state to ratify the Convention on January 20, 1993. Pursuant to article 21 of the Convention, it entered into force on April 29, 1997, after it had been ratified by 65 states. The Convention was closed for signature on the preceding day, and states that did not sign the Convention can now only accede to it. Pursuant to article 21 of the Convention, for states that ratify or accede to the Convention after this date, the Convention enters into force 30 days after their deposit of the instrument of ratification or accession.
A total of 197 states may become parties to the Chemical Weapons Convention, including 193 United Nations member states, the Cook Islands, Niue, Palestine, and Vatican City. As of August 2022, 193 states have ratified or acceded to the Convention (most recently Palestine on 17 May 2018) and another state (Israel) has signed but not ratified the Convention. Only Egypt, North Korea, and South Sudan have neither signed nor acceded to the Convention. All four states which are not parties are suspected of possessing chemical weapons.
Of the four non-parties, South Sudan stated in December 2017 that it "has all but concluded the process of joining the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons". Ahmet Üzümcü, the Director-General of the OPCW, has stated that Egypt, Israel, and North Korea had "regional reasons" for not joining. Egypt has promised to ratify the Convention if Israel, the only state in the Middle East that is believed to possess nuclear weapons, ratifies the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. Israel, meanwhile, has stated that it will ratify the Convention if all other non-parties in the region (of which only Egypt remains) do so as well. In addition, Israel has been reluctant to ratify due to an unwillingness to grant OPCW inspectors access to its military bases. North Korea is thought to be unlikely to become a party for the foreseeable future.
List of States Parties
States that have signed but not ratified
– 13 January 1993
Non-signatory states
The following states are eligible to become parties to the Convention, but have not acceded to it.
States with limited recognition
– though not eligible to become a party to the Convention due to its limited recognition, it has stated that it attempts to comply with the Convention.
See also
Australia Group
List of parties to the Biological Weapons Convention
List of parties to the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons
List of parties to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty
List of parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons
List of parties to the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons
List of parties to the Ottawa Treaty
List of parties to the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty
List of parties to weapons of mass destruction treaties
Notes
References
External links
OPCW Member States
Arms control treaties
Chemical warfare
Chemical weapons demilitarization
Chemical Weapons Convention
Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
Ernest C. S. Holmboe (1873–1954) was an American architect best known for his work in West Virginia.
Life and career
E. C. S. Holmboe was born in Denmark in 1873, where he studied architecture for four years. He later relocated to Chicago, where he was educated at the Art Institute of Chicago. In the early and mid 1890s he practiced as an architect in Chicago, but by 1899 he had relocated to the much smaller city of Marietta. In 1901 he formed a partnership with Robert C. Lafferty, a native of Wheeling, West Virginia. Lafferty was sent to Clarksburg to open a branch office. Soon afterwards, Holmboe moved the firm's chief office to Clarksburg, and Lafferty ran another branch office, this time at Bluefield. Holmboe & Lafferty grew to become to most prominent architectural firm in the Clarksburg region, but was dissolved in 1920, soon after the end of World War I.
After a brief period alone, Holmboe established a new partnership with Guy M. Pogue, who had been educated by Charles W. Bates and been a practicing architect in Wheeling for five years. Holmboe & Pogue appears to have lasted for only a few years, but completed several major projects, including four county courthouses.
After the dissolution of Holmboe & Pogue, Holmboe practiced on his own at least until the 1940s, though few projects are known. Holmboe died in 1954.
Influence and legacy
Holmboe was well regarded as a designer of fraternal buildings, especially Elks lodges. Buildings of this type by Holmboe & Lafferty were built in such faraway states as Florida and North Dakota.
Works
E. C. S. Holmboe, until 1901
1899 - Elks Home, 410 Front St, Marietta, Ohio
Burned in 2001.
1900 - Masonic Temple, 308 Front St, Marietta, Ohio
Holmboe & Laffery, 1901-1920
1902 - Cottrill Opera House, East Ave, Thomas, West Virginia
1902 - Elks Opera House, 212 Federal St, Bluefield, West Virginia
Remodeled by the firm in 1908.
1902 - Miners' and Merchants' Bank Building, 172 East Ave, Thomas, West Virginia
1903 - Bank of Pine Grove Building, Allen Addition St, Pine Grove, West Virginia
1903 - Empire National Bank Building, 400 W Main St, Clarksburg, West Virginia
1903 - Virgil L. Highland House, 240 E Main St, Clarksburg, West Virginia
1904 - Braxton County Jail, Main St, Sutton, West Virginia
1904 - Grafton Banking and Trust Building, W Main & Ethel Sts, Grafton, West Virginia
Demolished.
1904 - St. Mary's Hospital, Washington Ave, Clarksburg, West Virginia
Demolished.
1904 - West Side School (former), 304 Beech St, Grafton, West Virginia
1905 - Garrett County Jail, E Alder St, Oakland, Maryland
Demolished in the 1970s.
1905 - Old Main, Marshall College, Huntington, West Virginia
1906 - McGuffey and Wilson Halls (Remodeling), Ohio University, Athens, Ohio
Conversion into dormitories.
1906 - Welch High School (former), Howard St, Welch, West Virginia
Burned.
1907 - First Baptist Church (former), 100 Duhring St, Bluefield, West Virginia
1907 - Lantz Hall, Massanutten Academy, Woodstock, Virginia
1907 - Morgan County Courthouse, 202 Fairfax St, Berkeley Springs, West Virginia
Destroyed by fire in 2006.
1907 - Tunnelton Bank Building, North St, Tunnelton, West Virginia
1908 - Elks Home, 1015 4th Ave, Huntington, West Virginia
1909 - Administration Building, Salem College, Salem, West Virginia
1910 - Citizens National Bank Building, 47 Church St, Philippi, West Virginia
1910 - Cumberland City Hall, N Center St, Cumberland, Maryland
1910 - Elks Home, 411 W Pike St, Clarksburg, West Virginia
Burned in 2002.
1910 - Haymond Apartments, 444 W Main St, Clarksburg, West Virginia
1911 - Rhea Terrace Apartments, Rhea Ter, Fairmont, West Virginia
1911 - Whitescarver Hall, Broaddus College, Philippi, West Virginia
1912 - Elks Home, 103 W Frederick St, Staunton, Virginia
1912 - Elks Home, 425 N Florida Ave, Tampa, Florida
Demolished in 1962.
1912 - Harpers Ferry High School (Old), 847 Washington St, Harpers Ferry, West Virginia
1912 - Thomas W. Koon House, 221 Baltimore Ave, Cumberland, Maryland
1912 - Miners Hospital, Hospital Rd, Frostburg, Maryland
Demolished in 1997.
1913 - Parsons High School, 501 Chestnut St, Parsons, West Virginia
Demolished.
1913 - Second National Bank Building, 102 S Main St, Culpeper, Virginia
1914 - Columbia Street School, 311 Columbia Street, Cumberland, Maryland
1914 - Elks Club, 139 W 5th St, East Liverpool, Ohio
1914 - First M. E. Church, 1539 W Pike St, Adamston, West Virginia
1914 - Clyde E. Hutchinson House (Sonnencroft), Morgantown Ave, Fairmont, West Virginia
Demolished in the 1960s.
1914 - Moorefield Graded and High School, 400 N Main St, Moorefield, West Virginia
Demolished.
1915 - Elks Home, 424 5th St NE, Devils Lake, North Dakota
Demolished.
1916 - Gilmer County Jail, 201 N Court St, Glenville, West Virginia
1916 - Sperry Hall, Massanutten Academy, Woodstock, Virginia
1917 - Hepzibah Public School, Shinnston Pk, Hepzibah, West Virginia
1918 - Ellsworth School, 504 Cherry St, Middlebourne, West Virginia
1918 - Victory High School, 1636 W Pike St, Adamston, West Virginia
1920 - Roosevelt-Wilson High School (former), 116 Pennsylvania Ave, Nutter Fort, West Virginia
Holmboe & Pogue, from 1920
1921 - Hampshire County Courthouse, 50 S High St, Romney, West Virginia
1922 - Ritchie County Courthouse, 115 E Main St, Harrisville, West Virginia
1922 - Sistersville Junior High School (former), Work St, Sistersville, West Virginia
1922 - Tyler County Courthouse (Remodeling), 121 Court St, Middlebourne, West Virginia
1923 - Virginia Lee Harrison Gymnasium, Massanutten Academy, Woodstock, Virginia
Presently a dormitory.
1924 - Pleasants County Courthouse, 301 Court Ln, St. Marys, West Virginia
E. C. S. Holmboe
1929 - Shepherdstown High School (Old), 54 Minden Ave, Shepherdstown, West Virginia
1937 - Circleville School, Price Way, Circleville, West Virginia
References
Architects from West Virginia
20th-century American architects
People from Clarksburg, West Virginia
Danish architects
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
1873 births
1954 deaths
Howard Wales (February 8, 1943 – December 7, 2020) was an American keyboardist who worked in a wide variety of styles. He was a collaborator with Jerry Garcia in the early 1970s.
Wales was a session player for many musical acts, including Ronnie Hawkins, Freddie King, James Brown, and the Four Tops. Though he was adept at accompanying rock and R&B artists, he also played free-form jazz. Later in his career he released several solo albums in this style.
For several months in 1970, Wales led Monday night jazz-rock jam sessions at the Matrix, a club in San Francisco. Jerry Garcia usually played guitar at these free-form performances. The two were often joined by John Kahn on bass and Bill Vitt on drums. A studio album called Hooteroll?, with these musicians and others, and featuring music composed mostly by Wales, was released in 1971. A live album recorded at the Matrix jam sessions, Side Trips, Volume One, was released in 1998.
Wales contributed to the 1970 Grateful Dead album American Beauty. He played organ on the songs "Truckin' " and "Candyman", and piano on "Brokedown Palace".
Wales had a cerebral hemorrhage in November 2020 and died on December 7, 2020, at the age of 77.
Discography
Howard Wales
Rendezvous with the Sun (1976)
The Monk in the Mansion (1992)
Complex Simplex (2001)
Between Two Worlds (2006)
Life Is a Trip (2009)
Faces (2012)
Overview (2014)
Undisclosed Location (2018)
Howard Wales and Jerry Garcia
Hooteroll? (1971)
Side Trips, Volume One (1998)
With other artists
A.B. Skhy – A.B. Skhy (1969)
Music of El Topo – Shades of Joy (1970)
American Beauty – Grateful Dead (1970)
Baby Batter – Harvey Mandel (1971)
Electronic Progress – Harvey Mandel (1971)
The Runner – Jeff Jolly Band (1996)
Planetary Warrior – Harvey Mandel (1997)
Changer L'Horizon – Rod and the Shotgun Blues (1998)
Berkeley Soul – Sy Klopps (2000)
Raw Material – Jeff Jolly (2001)
Mosaique – Rocío Guitard (2002)
Harvey Mandel and the Snake Crew – Harvey Mandel (2006)
The Wax Still Drips – Stackabones (2011)
References
External links
Howard Wales on Bandcamp
American rock keyboardists
1943 births
2020 deaths
The Homorod () is a right tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It is formed at the confluence of its headwaters Homorodul Mare and Homorodul Mic, in the village Homorod. It discharges into the Olt in Ungra. Its length is 8 km (62 km including the Homorodul Mare) and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Brașov County
Porsild is a surname, and may refer to:
Anntonia Porsild, Thai-Danish model, actress and beauty pageant titleholder
Morten Pedersen Porsild (1872–1956), Danish botanist
Erling Porsild, Danish-Canadian botanist
is a railway station on the Gantoku Line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi, Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Nishi-Iwakuni Station is served by the Gantoku Line.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 15 April 1929, initially named Iwakuni Station. It was renamed Nishi-Iwakuni in 1942, and at the same time, the original Marifu Station was renamed Iwakuni Station.
Surrounding area
Iwakuni Prison
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Lake Antiniotissa or Antinioti (), sometimes known as Antinioti Lagoon, is a small brackish lake on the north-east coast of Corfu, Greece near Agios Spyridon beach. It is an important wetland area and lies within a Natura 2000 nature protection area of at the western edge of the municipal unit of Thinali. The lake's Greek name translates into English as "the enemy of youth". It was once a malarial swamp and home to the anopheles mosquito, resulting in the area being uninhabited for many centuries, and it is still comparatively undeveloped. The vegetation surrounding the lake includes thickets of reed and bamboo. Inland there are orchards, olive groves and farmland, while between the lake and the sea lie sand dunes. The lake is jointly owned by the twelve principal villages of north-eastern Corfu and leased for fish farming, producing flathead grey mullet, sea bass and eel. It is also used for duck hunting. The adjacent dunes are home to the sand lily (pancratium maritimum) and the agile frog (rana dalmatina). The lake as it was in the 1930s was described by the British naturalist Gerald Durrell in his childhood autobiography My Family and Other Animals, in which it was called the "Lake of Lillies". Durrell wrote that:
References
Antiniotissa
Corfu
Miloslava Svobodová (born 7 February 1984) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1984 births
Living people
Czech women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Ennis Samuel Rees, Jr. (March 17, 1925 – March 24, 2009) was an American poet and professor. He was named by Governor Richard Wilson Riley as the third South Carolina Poet Laureate from 1984 to 1985.
Biography
Early life and education
Rees was born in Newport News, Virginia, on March 17, 1925. His parents were Ennis Samuel, Sr., and Dorothy Drumwright Rees. In high school, he participated in track and lettered in football, focusing more on athletics than academics. He was also student body vice president and his senior class vice president as well.
He graduated from the College of William & Mary with an A.B. degree in 1946 where he was Phi Beta Kappa. He then went on to obtain both his M.A., in 1948, and Ph.D., in 1951, from Harvard University.
Career
After graduating from Harvard with his M.A. degree, Rees became an English instructor at Duke University in 1949 while still pursuing his Ph.D. from Harvard. He remained at Duke until 1952 when he became an instructor at Princeton University from 1952 to 1954. He then began a long career at the University of South Carolina in 1954, eventually becoming a full professor in 1963. He remained a professor at the university until his retirement in 1988.
Poet laureateship
Rees was named to be South Carolina's third poet laureate by Governor Dick Riley in 1984. Originally a life-time appointment, Riley changed the position some during his governorship and appointed Freeman to only a one-year term of office.
Personal life
Rees was married to the former Marion Lott. They had three children.
Awards and honors
South Carolina Poet Laureate – 1984
South Carolina Academy of Authors honoree – 1999
Works
In addition to his published books, some of Ennis' work has appeared in Journal of English, The Southern Review, The New Republic, and Germanic Philology.
Non-fiction
The Tragedies of George Chapman: Renaissance Ethics in Action, Harvard University Press, 1954; Octagon Books, 1979,
Poetry
Selected Poems University of South Carolina Press, 1973,
Children's verse
The Song of Paul Bunyan and Tony Beaver (1964)
Riddles, Riddles Everywhere (Abelard-Schuman, 1964)
Pun Fun (Abelard-Schuman, 1965)
Fables from Aesop (Oxford University Press, 1966)
Windwagon Smith (1966)
Tiny Tall Tales (1967)
Teeny Tiny Duck and the Pretty Money (Prentice-Hall, 1967)
Brer Rabbit and His Tricks (Young Scott Books, 1967)
The Little Greek Alphabet Book (Prentice-Hall, 1968)
More of Brer Rabbit's Tricks (1968)
Gillygaloos and Gollywhoppers (1969)
Potato Talk (1969)
Fast Freddie Frog and other tongue-twister rhymes (Caroline House distributed by St. Martin's Press, 1993)
Translations
Homer's The Odyssey (Random House, 1960)
Homer's The Iliad (Random House, 1963)
References
1925 births
2009 deaths
Poets Laureate of South Carolina
American male poets
College of William & Mary alumni
Harvard University alumni
People from Newport News, Virginia
Writers from Columbia, South Carolina
University of South Carolina faculty
Poets from South Carolina
20th-century American poets
Translators of Homer
20th-century American male writers
Frederick John Landeg (born 1948) was the Chief Veterinary Officer (CVO) of the United Kingdom and for Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA), from November 2007 to April 2008.
Landeg was born in 1948, and educated at Sir Walter St. John's School. He graduated from the Royal Veterinary College in 1971 and practiced as a veterinary surgeon until 1975, when he became a Veterinary Officer at the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food. He became the UK's Deputy Chief Veterinary Officer, and Director General at DEFRA in 2004.
On 9 November 2007, Landeg became the UK's acting Chief Veterinary Officer following the early retirement of Debby Reynolds. On 16 November, he was promoted to the role officially.
Landeg retired in April 2008, and was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours. He received his honor from the Queen at Windsor Castle on December 12, 2008.
References
British veterinarians
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
1948 births
Living people
People educated at Sir Walter St John's Grammar School For Boys
Alumni of the Royal Veterinary College
Ronald "Killer" Koes (August 6, 1937 – November 30, 2014) was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Ottawa Rough Riders. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1960. Before he went into the CFL, he was drafted into the NFL with the chargers and lions. He played college football for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Koes died at the age of 77 in 2014.
References
1938 births
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
2014 deaths
5th Street is a streetcar station, located across the intersection of H Street NE and 5th Street NE. It is located on the H Street/Benning Road Line of the DC Streetcar system.
History
5th Street station opened to the public as one of the original stations on February 27, 2016.
Station layout
The station consists of two side platforms on either side of H Street.
References
H Street/Benning Road Line
Streetcars in Washington, D.C.
DC Streetcar stops
Electric railways in Washington, D.C.
Street railways in Washington, D.C.
750 V DC railway electrification
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2016
2016 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Mathias Israelsson (born July 19, 1994) is a Swedish ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Minnesota State in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association. He made his Elitserien debut playing with Frölunda HC during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
Playing career
After playing one game for Frölunda HC in the Swedish Hockey League, Israelsson was loaned to the Odense Bulldogs of the Metal Ligaen where he played in seven games.
Israelsson then moved to North American and began playing in the United States Hockey League with the Waterloo Black Hawks for the 2013-14 season. After playing in 10 games and posting a 6–3–0 record, Israelsson was traded to the Fargo Force in exchange for Cam Johnson. On June 11, 2015, Israelsson committed to play NCAA hockey for Northern Michigan University.
Israelsson began his freshman year at Northern Michigan University during the 2015–16 season. He played in four games and recorded a 2–2–0 record with a .922 save percentage. The following year, he played in six games and was named a WCHA Scholar-Athlete and to the All-Academic Team. In his junior year, Israelsson played in a career-high 11 games, posting a 2-5-2 record and was again named a WCHA Scholar-Athlete and to the All-Academic Team. Before his senior year began, Israelsson, tired of playing backup, transferred to Minnesota State.
International play
Israelsson represented Sweden at the 2011 World Junior A Challenge. While playing in the preliminary round, he became the first goaltender to record a shutout against Canada West. Israelsson played in two games during the tournament and recorded a .943 save percentage to help Sweden place fourth.
Awards and honors
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey goaltenders
Frölunda HC players
Waterloo Black Hawks players
Fargo Force players
Northern Michigan Wildcats men's ice hockey players
Minnesota State Mavericks men's ice hockey players
People from Kungälv Municipality
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
The Canadian Historical Association (CHA; French Société historique du Canada, SHC) is a Canadian organization founded in 1922 for the purposes of promoting historical research and scholarship. It is a bilingual, not-for-profit, charitable organization, the largest of its kind in Canada. According to the Association, it "seeks to encourage the integration of historical knowledge and perspectives in both the scholarly and public spheres, to ensure the accessibility of historical resources, and to defend the rights and freedoms of emerging and professional historians in the pursuit of historical inquiry as well as those of history degree holders who utilize the analytical, research, communication, and writing skills they acquired during their studies to pursue a variety of career paths inside or outside of academia."
Activities
The CHA represents historians in Canada and acts as a public advocate for the field. Within the historical profession, the CHA helps to set ethical standards for research and has published a Statement on Research Ethics. The Association organizes annual meetings for members and publishes the Journal of the Canadian Historical Association, The CHA Bulletin and series of booklets featuring concise treatments of particular aspects of Canadian history in an international context. The CHA has also created a microsite, What Can you Do With a History Degree? , which profiles individuals with history degrees who work in a variety of fields. Other activities include lobbying government agencies, libraries, and archives on matters related to document preservation and availability.
The current CHA president is Penny Bryden of the University of Victoria.
An affiliated committee of the Canadian Historical Association, the Canadian Committee on Labour History, publishes the journal Labour/Le Travail. It holds an annual conference together with other scholarly groups as part of the Congress of the Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences (the "Learneds").
Other affiliated committees include:
History
Early years
The Canadian Historical Association was founded in 1922 by Lawrence Burpee. That year, Burpee presented a new constitution for the Historic Landmarks Association (founded in 1907), which was adopted, changing the name and objectives of the organization. Burpee's model for the Canadian Historical Association was based on the American Historical Association, which was founded in 1884.
The first Canadian Historical Association Executive and Council included George Wrong, Chester Martin, Arthur Doughty, Pierre-Georges Roy, James Kenny, Lawrence Burpee, William Douw Lighthall, and Frederic William Howay. Marius Barbeau was its founding Secretary. Lighthall nominated Burpee for the presidency of the Canadian Historical Association, and Burpee was president from 1923 to 1925 and continued his involvement as chairman of the management committee until 1934.
Over the course of the 1920s, the Canadian Historical Association saw its annual meeting become a scholarly conference. It also became a social event for historians to reconnect with each other. In 1926, Frank Underhill wrote a letter to Charles Cochrane, the Secretary-Treasurer at the time, encouraging the Canadian Historical Association to model its annual meeting after the American Historical Association. Underhill later suggested that the annual meeting be organized around a particular theme. Cochrane agreed to both suggestions. In 1927, the annual meeting was held at the University of Toronto. The format in 1927 became the basic format of the annual meeting. In 1928, the annual meeting was held in Winnipeg.
In 1929, Rodolphe Lemieux became president, he was succeeded by Robert Borden. In 1931, Frederic William Howay became president and he was succeeded by John Clarence Webster in 1932.
In 1933, the Canadian Historical Association held its annual meeting in conjunction with the Canadian Political Science Association. They met separately, but gathered for a joint session and some social events. Based on the success of their joint meeting, they established a joint membership in 1936 at the cost of four dollars.
In 1937, the CHA was invited by the CBC to prepare a series of radio broadcasts on forgotten Canadians. The Association created a Radio Committee with Toronto's George Glazebrook as chair. Over twelve months the committee paired specific historians with specific topics in a series of twenty-seven broadcasts.
In late 1939, the Royal Society of Canada approached the CHA with an offer to become a subgroup of the Society, but after Donald Creighton and Reginald Trotter met with representatives of the Society it was decided that the Canadian Historical Association would not accept this offer.
Recent years
In 2017, in response to public conversations about the legacies of Canadian historical figures and in particular their roles in the genocide of Indigenous peoples, the CHA council proposed changing the name of one of its flagship awards, the Sir John A. Macdonald Prize. The award was an annual prize established in 1977 and given to the book making the most significant contribution to Canadian historical understanding. In 2014, the prize had been awarded to James Daschuk for his book Clearing the Plains: Disease, Politics of Starvation, and the Loss of Aboriginal Life, which in part highlighted Macdonald's role in the forced starvation of Plains Indigenous peoples in the late 19th century. Daschuk noted that winning the award for this book was "ironic" and was vocally in favour of rebranding the prize. In May 2018 at its annual meeting in Regina, CHA members voted overwhelmingly in favour of the name change, by a margin of 121-11. The prize was renamed the CHA Best Scholarly Book in Canadian History Prize.
Controversy
Several Canadian historians are concerned that the CHA has been recently "more about activism than good scholarship" or that from the 1990s onwards the CHA has moved too close to social history at the expense of political history, diplomatic history and military history.
For example, on 1 July 2021, the CHA issued a controversial statement (no longer available on their website) regarding Canada's past treatment of Indigenous peoples, claiming the existence of a "broad consensus" among historical experts that "genocidal intent has been amply established". In response, on 12 August The Dorchester Review published an open letter from 53 historians (many of whom were past members of the CHA) disputing this claim. Authors included Margaret MacMillan; Robert J. Young; Robert Bothwell; J.L. Granatstein, author of Who Killed Canadian History?; and Prof Jim Miller, emeritus professor of history at the University of Saskatchewan. This letter was in turn criticized immediately by seven historians in Native American studies.
Prizes
As part of its mandate to promote and recognize excellence in historical research, the CHA administers the following prizes:
François-Xavier Garneau Medal, awarded every five years honours an outstanding Canadian contribution to historical research
CHA Best Scholarly Book in Canadian History Prize, an annual prize for non-fiction work of Canadian history judged to have made the most significant contribution to an understanding of the Canadian past
The Wallace K. Ferguson Prize, an annual prize for an outstanding scholarly book in a field of history other than Canadian history
The Clio Prizes, given for meritorious publications or for exceptional contributions by individuals or organizations to regional history
The Albert B. Corey Prize, an award once every two years jointly with the American Historical Association, for best book dealing with the history of Canadian-American relations or the history of both countries
The John Bullen Prize, awarded for the outstanding historical dissertation written for a doctoral degree at a Canadian university
The CHA Journal Prize, awarded every year for the best essay published each year in the Journal of the Canadian Historical Association
CCWH Book Prize in Women's and Gender History, awarded every two years to the best book published in the field in the previous two years, in either English or French
The Hilda Neatby Prize, awarded annually for the best articles in French and English on women's history
Other prizes include: The Canadian Aboriginal History Book Prize, Political History Prize - Best Book, Political History Prize - Best Article, Public History Prize, The Eugene Forsey Prize, The Neil Sutherland Article Prize and Best article on the History of Sexuality.
Presidents
See also
:Category:Canadian historians
Historiography of Canada
List of learned societies
References
External links
Canadian Historical Association website
Archival papers of Robert Craig Brown, President from 1979-1980 of the Canadian Historical Association, held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
Archival papers of J.M.S. Careless, President from 1968-1969 of the Canadian Historical Association, held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
Archival papers of the CHA Committee on Historical Broadcasting held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
Canadian Historical Association fonds (R6802) at Library and Archives Canada
Higher education in Canada
History organizations based in Canada
Archivist associations based in Canada
Organizations established in 1922
1922 establishments in Canada
Guillaume Soisson (18 November 1866 – 27 August 1938) was a Luxembourgian engineer and politician for the Party of the Right.
A conservative, Soisson entered the cabinet of Hubert Loutsch in 1915 as the Director-General for Public Works and Director-General of Agriculture. He resigned, along with the Prime Minister, on 24 February 1916. He entered the cabinet for the second time, under Émile Reuter, as the Director-General for Public Works: replacing Guillaume Leidenbach, who had resigned on 14 April 1923.
Footnotes
|-
Ministers for Public Works of Luxembourg
Government ministers of Luxembourg
Party of the Right (Luxembourg) politicians
Luxembourgian engineers
Luxembourgian educators
1866 births
1938 deaths
People from Lorentzweiler
Alumni of the Athénée de Luxembourg
Ministers for Agriculture of Luxembourg
Peter Suhrkamp (full name Johann Heinrich Suhrkamp; 28 March 1891, Hatten – 31 March 1959, Frankfurt) was a German publisher and founder of the Suhrkamp Verlag.
Early years
Suhrkamp was a farmer's son from Kirchhatten, some south-east of Oldenburg.
The house where he was born is still standing: in the town hall at Kirchhatten there is a bust of him by Johannes Cernota (2012) as well as a portrait, while a few of his works are exhibited at the local library.
As a young man Suhrkamp was a candidate for the priesthood at the Evangelical seminary in Oldenburg. Like many of his generation, in 1914 he volunteered for the army where he would serve as an infantryman and as a Battalion Patrol Leader. For his contribution as an Assault Troop leader he won the Knight's Cross of the Royal Order of Hohenzollern, awarded "with swords, for particular bravery”. Nevertheless, his experiences on the frontline led him to a nervous breakdown. After the war he studied Literature and linguistics at, successively, Heidelberg, Frankfurt and Munich. During his studies he also worked as a teacher at the Odenwald School, a private boarding school in Heppenheim and at the prestigious Free School Community in Wickersdorf.
From 1921 to 1925 Suhrkamp worked as dramatic adviser and director at the Landestheater Darmstadt. Between 1925 and 1929 he returned to teaching at the Free School Community in Wickersdorf where he had earlier worked while a student. He finally gave up teaching in 1929 and relocated to Berlin where he worked as a freelancer with the Berliner Tageblatt (BT), a leading liberal newspaper of the time, also working on the monthly magazine “Uhu” which was produced by the same publisher as the BT. During this time he was married three times: to Ida Plöger, a teacher, from 1913–1918, to Irmgard Caroline Lehmann from 1919–1923 and, more briefly, in 1923/24 to the opera singer, Fanny Cleve.
The publisher
In 1932 he joined the S. Fischer Verlag (a well established publishing house), initially as editor of the Neue Rundschau, a literary magazine. In 1933 he joined the company's board. In 1935 he married Annemarie Seidel, who had started a career as an actress but been obliged to retire on health grounds. A year later the S. Fischer Verlag company was split when Gottfried Bermann Fischer moved (initially) to Vienna, taking part of the business with him. Part of the business had to remain in Germany, being purchased by Peter Suhrkamp, who would continue to lead it till he was accused of high treason and arrested by the Gestapo in April 1944. The legal process continued till early in 1945, when he was placed in “protective custody" (a euphemism then much in vogue in Germany) in the concentration camp at Sachsenhausen-Oranienburg. Two weeks later, suffering from a serious lung disease, he was released. Several celebrities from the world of culture and the arts had approached members of the leader's inner circle, to urge Suhrkamp's release. These included the sculptor Arno Breker who had intervened with Albert Speer, the writer Gerhart Hauptmann who had invoked support from Baldur von Schirach, and the writer Hans Carossa who had approached Ernst Kaltenbrunner.
After the German surrender, Suhrkamp received, on 8 October 1945, the first publishing license from the British Military Government in Berlin and began the rebuilding of the company. He cooperated with Bermann Fischer (who had operated as a publisher during the war in New York City), publishing some of his authors, under Licence, in Germany. Suhrkamp and Fischer discussed a reintegration of the two businesses that had split when the political situation had obliged Fisher to leave Germany back in 1936. There was talk of refounding S. Fischer Verlag in Frankfurt am Main. In due course Fischer was re-established in Frankfurt, but there was a rift between Fischer and Suhrkamp over the future of the business. Following an out-of-court settlement, it was Bermann Fischer who recovered the Frankfurt publishing business that carried his name and Peter Suhrkamp who left to establish, in 1950, his own publishing house, Suhrkamp Verlag.
Suhrkamp Verlag
The creation of the "new“ Suhrkamp Verlag owed much to the initiative of Hermann Hesse who provided encouragement and moral support, and was also able to provide valuable contacts with investors, notably the Swiss Reinhart family. Authors who had remained with Fischer Verlag during the Nazi years were given a free choice as to whether to stay with the existing business, now under Bermann Fischer, or have their future works published by Peter Suhrkamp's new concern. In the end, 33 of the 48 authors in question, including Bertolt Brecht and Hermann Hesse, switched to Suhrkamp Verlag. Suhrkamp's fourth marriage was lasting better than the first three, and his wife Annemarie Seidel also joined the firm, working as an editor and translator.
Public recognition followed the commercial success of Suhrkamp Verlag, and in 1956 Suhrkamp received the Goethe Plaque of the City of Frankfurt. Honorary membership of the German Academy for Language and Literature (itself still less than ten years old) followed in 1957.
Island retreat in the north
Suhrkamp was an enthusiastic visitor to the Island of Sylt where his wife had retained a villa following the ending of her marriage to the wealthy (Dutch by origin) musicologist Anthony van Hoboken. (Annemairie remained on friendly terms with her first husband.) The villa had been constructed in 1929 directly on the Wadden Sea. In the years immediately following the war the Suhrkamps entertained eminent guests here, such as Max Frisch. However, in 1953 the holiday villa was sold to the energetic newspaper magnate Axel Springer and his wife for 45,000 Marks: Surhkamp invested his windfall in the German language publishing rights for Marcel Proust's works.
Achievements
Authors published by Suhkamp included Theodor W. Adorno, Samuel Beckett, Bertolt Brecht, T. S. Eliot, Max Frisch, Ernst Penzoldt, Rudolf Alexander Schröder, Martin Walser and Carl Zuckmayer. A small insight into his personal relationships with "his" authors comes in his volume Briefe an die Autoren ("Letters to the authors") Suhrkamp also tried his hand at authorship and at translation. His Bibliothek Suhrkamp (Suhrkamp Library) series was the first such series to feature works of twentieth century literature that combined literary merit with the new scientific spirit of the age. The “Suhrkamp culture” was vigorously underwritten by Siegfried Unseld who joined as the publisher's senior editor in 1951 and, after Suhrkamp died in 1959, succeeded him as publisher in chief and sole owner of the business.
Death
Peter Suhrkamp died in Frankfurt's University Clinic. He was cremated and his ashes were conserved in a suitable container on the Island of Sylt, at the church of St. Severin in Keitum. Suhrkamp had mandated in his hand-written will that his ashes were to be scattered in the North Sea from the coast of Sylt, but it turned out that this was against the rules. The placing of the urn containing his ashes in an aperture in the wall of the church cemetery was organised by Siegfried Unseld. Peter Suhrkamp died one or two days before his divorce from Annemarie was scheduled to take place. The marriage had been affected by Annemarie's alcoholism in its final years and the divorce had been agreed upon between the parties by the time of Peter Suhrkamp's death. Peter Suhrkamp predeceased his 91-year-old mother, but only by fourteen days. Their mother-son relationship has been described as an "ambivalent non-relationship” ("ambivalente Nicht-Beziehung").
Reading list (in German)
Gottfried Bermann Fischer: "Bedroht – Bewahrt. Weg eines Verlegers", S. Fischer Verlag, Frankfurt am Main 1967. Neuauflage 1994.
Siegfried Unseld (Hrsg.): In memoriam Peter Suhrkamp. Privatdruck für die Freunde des Verlages, Suhrkamp, Frankfurt am Main o. J. (1959); darin enthalten (S. 157–163: Vorläufige Bibliographie v. Helene Ritzerfeld)
Siegfried Unseld: Peter Suhrkamp. Zur Biographie eines Verlegers in Daten, Dokumenten und Bildern, Suhrkamp, Frankfurt am Main 2004,
Siegfried Unseld (Hrsg.): Hermann Hesse – Peter Suhrkamp. Briefwechsel 1945–1959, Suhrkamp, Frankfurt am Main 1969
Wolfgang Schopf (Hrsg.): „So müßte ich ein Engel und kein Autor sein“. Adorno und seine Frankfurter Verleger. Der Briefwechsel mit Peter Suhrkamp und Siegfried Unseld, Suhrkamp, Frankfurt am Main 2003,
References
External links
German publishers (people)
1959 deaths
1891 births
The Willys MD, formally the M38A1 Truck, Utility: 1/4 ton, 4x4, or the G758 by its U.S. Army Standard Nomenclature supply catalog designation, was a four-wheel drive, military light utility vehicle, made by Willys and Willys Motors / Kaiser Jeep from 1952 to 1971. It was widely procured by the U.S. military from 1952 until 1957, after which U.S. purchases were reduced to the U.S. Marine Corps. The Marine version had minor differences from the units used by other branches.
The MD was the first Willys jeep with a significantly restyled body, immediately recognizable by its rounded hood and fenders. It formed the basis for the civilian and commercial Jeep CJ5, built for three decades (1954–1983), and subsequent models, and called the first 'round-fendered' Jeep. Although hard doors were still not available, the soft-top could be complemented with soft side panels and little hinged doors, that consisted of a thin steel frame with cloth and plastic window.
For the U.S. Army, the MD was replaced by the Ford M151 jeep, from 1960. Low volume production of M38A1s for export to friendly foreign governments continued through 1971. Production totalled 101,488 units (80,290 domestic / 21,198 foreign sales). M38A1 jeeps saw extensive service during the Korean War, Vietnam War and several other conflicts.
Description
The M38A1 / MD was the second post-war evolution of the World War II Willys MB jeep (after the M38 or MC; F engine Prototypes), and the first Willys Jeep to feature the new rounded fenders and hood body design that would become the distinguishing body style of the 1955 CJ5, and which was carried through for decades on the CJ6, CJ7 and CJ8 Jeeps.
The M38A1's wheelbase grew by a single inch (2.5cm), and overall length by some .
Drive Train
The M38A1 was the first Army jeep to use the Willys Hurricane F-Head 134 inline-four engine. This engine was taller than the 'Go-Devil' engine that powered the WWII era jeeps and the M38, and was the reason for restyling the body over the higher power plant.
Otherwise, the MD had a T-90 3-speed transmission, Dana 18 transfer case, either the Dana 25 or the Dana 27 front axle, and Dana 44 rear axle.
Variants
M38A1 (MD)
Basic utility version. Would regularly be equipped with M2 .50 cal machine gun and/or radio equipment and antenna-mount. On early units (1952–1953) the front grille was mounted with two 45 degree hinges, one at each frame rail, to flip it forward for maintenance.
M38A1C
Modified version equipped with a M40A1 106mm recoilless rifle. They were fitted with a .50 caliber M8C semi-automatic spotting rifle. The spotting would be fired first, to ensure a first round hit with the 106mm recoilless rifle. The .50 caliber spotter cartridge was 22mm shorter than the standard .50 caliber machine gun cartridge. A slot was provided in the windshield frame for the 106mm barrel when traveling.
M38A1'D'
Several dozen M38A1s were converted, mounting a tactical nuclear Davy Crockett Weapon System, fired by a large diameter smoothbore recoilless rifle – either an M28 120mm, or an M29 155mm gun. The vehicle carried two M388 projectiles, mounting the Mk-54 nuclear warhead. The range of weapons was approximately 1.25 miles (2 km), with the M28 gun, or 2.5 miles (4 km) with the M29. This vehicle/weapon combination was also referred to as the "Battle Group Atomic Delivery System", and was allocated to airborne units.
M38A1 Welding Unit
Just one unit is assumed to have been built, originally fitted with a Harger & Valentine field arc-welding system, powered by a power take-off driven generator.
M170 ambulance
The M170 Frontline Ambulance variant of the M38A1, with a stretched wheelbase, formed the basis for the later civilian Willys CJ6 Jeep. The spare tire was relocated in a special wheel well on the right interior side of the vehicle, and a larger fuel tank was fitted. Capacity was six seated passengers, or three lying on litters. A total of 4,155 M170 ambulances were designed and built by Kaiser Jeep of Toledo, Ohio, from the mid-1950s to the early 1960s.
U.S. Marines
There is no official, nor uniform specification, for the M38A1s that where manufactured specifically for the United States Marine Corps. USMC jeeps had to be air transportable, hung under a helicopter, so they all had a reinforced rear bumper, for lift ring fitment, and most indeed had front and rear lift rings. The rear lift rings were fitted (by or for USMC) in a different position, than standard jeeps had been prepared for from the factory.
Further, most USMC jeeps had more waterproofing, and roughly two thirds of them received more undercoating – to the frame exterior, under the floor and hood, and the bottom half of the firewall. For better traction, the Marine Corps started ordering limited-slip differentials, especially on the rear axle, and mostly after introduction of the M151 jeeps in the Army. USMC jeeps were painted 34052 forest green, with flat yellow numbering on the hood only. Little or no other markings were applied on USMC jeeps.
U.S. Air Force DJ
Canadian
Canadian variants: M38A1CDN, M38A1CDN2 produced in Canada and M38A1CDN3 produced in the USA.
According to Canadian author David Dunlop, over 1,000 M38A1 CDN jeeps were built by Ford of Canada in 1952/1953.
Next, Kaiser Jeep of Canada Ltd started assembling Jeeps in Windsor in 1954 or in 1959, in the former Willys factory, established there in 1934. Initially building only CJ-5 jeeps, at a targeted rate of 1,000 a year, in 1967 a Canadian government contract came, to build 800 M38A1 CDN2 Jeeps for the Canadian Forces at $2,789,000 CDN. M38A1 CDN3 jeeps were built in the USA for Canada in 1970-1971. Unclear about 1959-69 Windsor production is how many other Jeep models and units were built for the Canadian military. Anecdotal evidence has surfaced of a domestic Canadian Navy unit, built in 1964.
Dutch: NEKAF jeeps
After initially using surplus U.S. war jeeps after World War II, a successor model was required by the Royal Netherlands Army, from the early 1950s. Wanting to support Dutch industry, a prototype four-wheel drive design by the country's only volume car and truck manufacturer DAF, the H-driven DAF YA-054, was considered, competing with U.S.-built M38A1s, a number of which had been supplied under the Mutual Defense Assistance program.
The DAF proposal seemed neither better nor cheaper and lost the race, but as an economic stimulus, the American Jeeps were to be assembled in Holland from knock-down kits parts, made in the U.S.A., in the "Netherlands Kaiser-Frazer" (NEKAF) factory. Eventually some 24 % of the NEKAF jeep's parts were supplied by Dutch firms. Nekaf jeeps were identical to U.S. M38A1s, except for minor lighting additions.
Production spanned from 1955 to 1958, under Kaiser-Frazer (some 5,650 units), after which time production was taken over by a Dutch company, who delivered another 2,237 jeeps through 1963, still using the 'NEKAF' name, for a total of just under 8,000 units. The M38A1 Jeep eventually served with one of the longest service records in the Royal Dutch military, for more than 40 years, from 1952 until 1996, as a result of both budget constraints, and sheer longevity of the vehicles, even outlasting the DKW Mungas, which had been bought to replace them in Dutch service, as well as some 1,200 DAF YA 66s supplied in the 1970s, which had little to no off-road capability, and which were decommissioned in the early 1990s.
After 1959, with American part sets, 355 Nekafs were converted to M38A1C: 106mm M40 recoilless rifle carriers, and from 1983 to 1989, forty M38A1Cs were equipped with cable-guided TOW missiles.
Iranian
Jeep Truck copies (variously called the Simurg or Simoorgh) are produced by the firm of Sherkat-Sahami in Iran.
South Korean
Kia KM410 and Keohwa M-5GA1 versions were produced by Kia and Keohwa, Ltd. (now SsangYong Motor) in South Korea.
Operators
: M38A1 MD and M38A1C versions used by the Bangladesh Army.
: CJ-5 and Brazilian-produced versions used by the Brazilian Army.
: M38A1 MD, M38A1Cdn, M38A1Cdn2 and M38A1Cdn3 Canadian-produced versions used by the Canadian Army.
: South Korean-produced Kia KM410 and Keohwa M-5GA1 versions used by the Chadian ground forces.
: M38A1 MD version used by the Cuban Army during the Cuban Revolution.
: M38A1 MD and CJ-5 versions used by the Croatian National Guard during the Croatian War of Independence (19911995).
: Jeep CJ-7, Jeep CJ-8, Jeep TJ, Jeep JK, and Jeep J8 Egyptian-produced KADER versions used by the Egyptian Army.
: CJ-5 version used by the Salvadoran Army during the Salvadoran Civil War.
: Jeep CJ-7 (and Jeep J8 APV versions) used by the Armed Forces of Guatemala.
: M38A1 MD, M38A1C, and Israeli-modified versions used by the Israel Defense Forces and Israel security forces; replaced by the AIL Storm.
: M38A1 MD, M38A1C, South Korean and Iranian-produced versions used by the Islamic Republic of Iran Army Ground Forces.
: M38A1 MD and M38A1C versions used by the Jordanian Armed Forces.
: M38A1 MD version used by the Katangese Gendarmerie during the Congo Crisis.
Kingdom of Laos: M38A1 MD version used by the Royal Lao Army during the Laotian Civil War (1954-1975).
: M38A1 MD version used by the Regional Gendarmerie and the Lebanese Armed Forces.
: Egyptian-produced Jeep TJL version.
: M38A1 MD version used by the Myanmar Army.
: M38A1 MD and Dutch-produced NEKAF versions used by the Royal Netherlands Army.
: M38A1 MD and CJ-5 versions used by the National Guard of Nicaragua.
: M38A1 MD and M38A1C versions used by the Pakistan Army.
: M38A1 MD version used by the Portuguese Army.
Republic of the Congo: M38A1 MD version used by the Armée Nationale Congolaise (ANC) during the Congo Crisis.
: M38A1 MD version used by the Rhodesian Security Forces.
: M38A1 MD and South Korean-produced Kia KM410 and Keohwa M-5GA1 versions.
: Captured Iranian-produced versions re-used by Spetsnaz special forces teams during the Soviet–Afghan War.
: M38A1 MD and M38A1C versions.
: M38A1 MD and M38A1C versions used by the Turkish Army.
: M38A1 MD, M38A1C, M170, USMC variant, and USAF DJ versions.
: M38A1 MD and M38A1C versions used by the Republic of China Army.
Non-state military operators
26th of July Movement: M38A1 MD version captured from the Cuban Army.
Afghan Mujahideen: Iranian-produced Simurg or Simoorgh variants employed during the Soviet–Afghan War.
Al-Mourabitoun: M38A1 MD or CJ-5 versions.
Army of Free Lebanon (AFL): M38A1 MD or CJ-5 versions.
Amal Movement: CJ-5 and CJ-8 versions.
Arab Democratic Party (Lebanon): CJ-5 and CJ-8 versions.
Progressive Socialist Party/ People's Liberation Army (PLA): M38A1 MD and CJ-5 and CJ-8 versions.
Kataeb Regulatory Forces (KRF): M38A1 MD and Israeli-modified versions.
Lebanese Arab Army (LAA): M38A1 MD or CJ-5 versions.
Lebanese Forces: M38A1 MD and Israeli-modified versions, and South Korean Kia KM410 and Keohwa M-5GA1 versions.
– Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO): M38A1 MD and CJ-5 versions used by the Palestinian guerrilla factions in Lebanon.
Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN): M38A1 MD and CJ5 versions captured from the National Guard of Nicaragua.
South Lebanon Army (SLA): M38A1C and Israeli-modified versions.
Syrian Social Nationalist Party in Lebanon: CJ-5 and CJ-8 versions.
Tigers Militia: M38A1 MD or CJ-5 versions.
United Nations: M38A1 or CJ-5 versions.
Zgharta Liberation Army (a.k.a. Marada Brigade): CJ-5 and CJ-8 versions.
Service history
See also
Footnotes
Reference notes
General references
TM 9-804A -ton 4x4 utility truck M38A1, Technical manual (1952)
TH 9-345 NEKAF M38A1 Dutch M38A1 made by NEKAF, Technical manual (1957)
Kenneth Conboy and Don Greer, War in Laos 1954-1975, Carrollton, TX: Squadron/Signal Publications, 1994.
Samer Kassis, 30 Years of Military Vehicles in Lebanon, Beirut: Elite Group, 2003.
Samer Kassis, Véhicules Militaires au Liban/Military Vehicles in Lebanon 1975-1981, Trebia Publishing, Chyah 2012.
Leigh Neville, Technicals: Non-Standard Tactical Vehicles from the Great Toyota War to modern Special Forces, New Vanguard series 257, Osprey Publishing Ltd, Oxford 2018.
Moustafa El-Assad, Civil Wars Volume 1: The Gun Trucks, Blue Steel books, Sidon 2008.
Philipe Naud, La Guerre Civile Libanaise - 1re partie: 1975-1978, Steelmasters Magazine, August–September 2012, pp. 8–16. (in French)
Zachary Sex & Bassel Abi-Chahine, Modern Conflicts 2 – The Lebanese Civil War, From 1975 to 1991 and Beyond, Modern Conflicts Profile Guide Volume II, AK-interactive, 2021. ISBN 8435568306073
External links
The M38A1 Restoration Site
M38A1 on display at U.S. Veterans Memorial Museum, Huntsville, AL
Military light utility vehicles
Military trucks of the United States
Military vehicles introduced in the 1950s
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
Kaiser Motors
M38A1
USA-1 may refer to:
USA-1 (satellite), an early GPS navigation satellite
USA-1 (monster truck), a monster truck built in the 1970s
Cambe may refer to:
Cambé, Brazil
Cambe (Cappadocia), Turkey
The European Foundation Centre (EFC) was an international membership association of foundations and corporate funders, based in Philanthropy House, Brussels, Belgium. The organisation was created in 1989 by seven non-profit organisations, in order to support the philanthropic sector in Europe. The organisation ceased to exist in 2022 as the result of a merger with the Donors and Foundations Network in Europe, to form the new Philanthropy Europe Association (Philea).
The European Foundation Centre was one of the leading supporters of the European Commission's failed proposal, the European Foundation Statute. First proposed in 2012, the call for a foundation statute had been supported by the EFC since 2010. The legislative proposal was withdrawn in 2015 following its failure to pass through COREPER 1.
References
External links
Organisations based in Brussels
1989 establishments in Belgium
International organizations
Organizations established in 1989
William Francis Mitchell (born 7 March 1952) is a professor of economics at the University of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia and Docent Professor of Global Political Economy at the University of Helsinki, Finland. He is one of the founding developers of Modern Monetary Theory.
Early life
Mitchell was born to working class parents in Glen Huntly, a suburb of Melbourne, in March 1952. The family moved to Ashwood, a new Housing Commission suburb soon after. He attended Ashwood Primary School (1957–1963) and Ashwood High School (1964–1969).
Education
Mitchell holds the following degrees: PhD in Economics, University of Newcastle, 1998; Bachelor of Commerce, Deakin University, 1977; and Master of Economics Monash University, 1982. He completed a Master's Preliminary at the University of Melbourne in 1978 (with first-class honours).
Career
Academic
Since 1990, Mitchell is a professor at University of Newcastle, New South Wales. He also holds the position of Docent Professor in Global Political Economy, Faculty of Social Sciences, University of Helsinki, Finland.
Activist
Mitchell works to promote active government economic policies and the use of fiscal deficits as a tool to enhance well-being and environmental sustainability. He is Director of the Centre of Full Employment and Equity (CofFEE), a non-profit, research organisation at the University of Newcastle. Its mission statement is to advance research and policies that can restore full employment and achieve a society that "delivers equitable outcomes for all".
Mitchell participates in public and community activities on the issues of politics, economics, fiscal sustainability, and the environment.
Mitchell opposes neo-liberal economic theories and practices; he disputes the "revisionism" of History ostensibly perpetrated by mainstream or conservative economists, especially in relation to the policies of the New Deal. He has often been called to appear as an expert witness in industrial matters in state and federal tribunals in Australia, as well as in various government enquiries. His work in childcare industrial cases in Victoria and New South Wales influenced the realignments in the relevant State and Federal Awards in that sector.
Author
Mitchell coined the term Modern Monetary Theory, also known as MMT. He coined the term in reference to John Maynard Keynes' claim that for at least 4,000 years money has been "a creature of the state". He is a prominent promoter of MMT in macroeconomics.
He has written extensively in the fields of macroeconomics, econometrics and public policy. He has published widely in refereed academic journals and books and regularly gives conference presentations abroad.
Macroeconomics
His book Macroeconomics (Macmillan, March 2019), co-written with L. Randall Wray and Martin Watts, is a textbook that "encourages students to take a more critical approach to the prevalent assumptions around the subject of macroeconomics, by comparing and contrasting heterodox and orthodox approaches to theory and policy ... based on the principles of Modern Monetary Theory (MMT)".
Reclaiming the State: A Progressive Vision of Sovereignty for a Post-Neoliberal World
His 2017 book Reclaiming the State: A Progressive Vision of Sovereignty for a Post-Neoliberal World (September, 2017), co-written with Italian journalist Thomas Fazi, "reconceptualises the nation state as a vehicle for progressive change. They show how despite the ravages of neoliberalism, the state still contains resources for democratic control of a nation's economy and finances. The populist turn provides an opening to develop an ambitious but feasible left political strategy. It offers an urgent, provocative and prescient political analysis of our current predicament, and lays out a comprehensive strategy for revitalising progressive economics in the 21st century."
Eurozone Dystopia: Groupthink and Denial on a Grand Scale
His book Eurozone Dystopia: Groupthink and Denial on a Grand Scale (May 2015), provides "a critical history and analysis from the perspective of Modern Monetary Theory of the European economic crisis that started in 2009."
Full Employment Abandoned
Full Employment Abandoned: Shifting Sands and Policy Failures (2008), co-written with Joan Muysken of Maastricht University, traces the theoretical analysis of the nature and causes of unemployment over the last 150 years and argue that the shift from involuntary to so-called "natural rate" concepts of unemployment are behind an "ideological backlash" against state intervention as notably advocated, within the frame of the free economy, by Keynes in the 1930s. The authors further contend that unemployment is a reflection of systemic policy failures, rather than an "individual problem". They present a theoretical and empirical critique of the neo-liberal approach and suggest that the reinstatement of full employment, along with price stability, is a viable policy goal, achievable through an activist fiscal policy.
The notion of job guarantee is introduced, whereby the government would guarantee a job to every willing and able adult individual, paying a wage that would become society's minimum wage, and would be expression of the aspiration of the society of the lowest acceptable standard of living.
Musician
Mitchell has played guitar professionally in bands over the years. Mitchell currently plays with Pressure Drop, a Melbourne-based reggae-dub band, originally popular in the 1970s and early 1980s. The band reformed in 2010.
Mitchell often refers to the economics discipline, and especially the academia, in disparaging terms, stating, only half-jokingly, that his work as a musician does less damage to people. "I think my economics profession is very dangerous," he says.
Personal life
Mitchell is a "passionate" cyclist. He was an "active bike racer" when, in 1995, he founded the website Cyclingnews.com, which was sold in 1999 to the Australian media company Knapp Communications. It was subsequently bought in 2007 by Future plc.
See also
Modern Monetary Theory
Fiat money vs. commodity money
Government accounting
Balanced budget
Legal Tender Cases
Job Guarantee
NAIBER
References
Additional sources
Mitchell, William, Joan Muysken, Tom Van Veen: Growth and cohesion in the European Union: The Impact of Macroeconomic Policy (2006), Edward Elgar Publishing,
Mitchell, William & Joan Muysken: Full Employment Abandoned: Shifting Sands and Policy Failures (2008), Edward Elgar Publishing 320 pp, Hardback,
External links
Bill Mitchell's personal website
Bill Mitchell's blog, with "commentary on economic events"
CofFEE website
CyclingNews.com
1952 births
Living people
Australian economists
Modern monetary theory scholars
Post-Keynesian economists
University of Newcastle (Australia) faculty
Mark O'Halloran (born 6 March 1981) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Wests Tigers and the Penrith Panthers in the NRL, and the London Broncos in the ESL. His junior club was Burwood United in the Balmain District Competition. O'Halloran's position of choice was as a although he had also played as a , a defensive second rower, and briefly played five eighth in the English Super league.
Background
O'Halloran was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Playing career
O'Halloran made his NRL début for Wests Tigers in 2001 and played 28 first grade games, mostly as a centre. In 2004, O'Halloran moved to England, where he played in the Super League for the London Broncos.
O'Halloran returned to Australia from England and played for the Penrith Panthers in the NRL.
O'Halloran played in the USA international team having played one game in 2007.
Post playing
Since retiring, O'Halloran has become a PD/H/PE teacher and currently works at St Patrick's College, Strathfield.
References
External links
Penrith Panthers profile
NRL stats
NRL points
Hunslet 4–70 London
1981 births
Living people
Australian people of American descent
Australian people of Irish descent
Australian rugby league players
Australian schoolteachers
London Broncos players
Penrith Panthers players
People educated at St Aloysius' College (Sydney)
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league wingers
United States national rugby league team players
Wests Tigers players
Windsor Wolves players
Merlin Frederick Schneider (February 22, 1901 – November 15, 1970) was a highly decorated officer in the United States Marine Corps with the rank of brigadier general. He is most noted as commanding officer of 22nd Marine Regiment during the Recapture of Guam in July 1944, for which he received the Navy Cross, the United States military's second-highest decoration awarded for valor in combat.
Early career
Merlin F. Schneider was born on February 22, 1901, in Clatskanie, Oregon, and attended high school there. He accepts appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, and graduated on June 7, 1923. During his time at the academy, he was active in football team and also served as chief petty officer of 4th Midshipman Battalion.
Many of his classmates became general officers later: Arleigh Burke, Harry D. Felt, Merrill B. Twining, Charles F. Coe, George F. Good Jr., John B. Moss, Frederick Moosbrugger, Stanhope C. Ring, Thomas B. Williamson, William D. Anderson, Murr E. Arnold, John G. Crommelin, Paul F. Dugan, William H. Hamilton, Francis M. Hughes, Joseph L. Kane, William G. Manley, Henry G. Moran, Richard M. Oliver, Edwin R. Peck, John V. Peterson, William T. Rassieur, William J. Scheyer, Francis E. Shoup Jr., Curtis S. Smiley, Frederick C. Stelter Jr., Frank D. Weir, Ralph W.D. Woods, Howard L. Young, Richard M. Cutts Jr., Samuel G. Fuqua, Ira L. Kimes, Frank H. Lamson-Scribner or Henry A. Schade.
Following the graduation, Schneider was commissioned second lieutenant in the Marine Corps and ordered to the Basic School at Philadelphia Navy Yard for further officers education. He completed the school one year later and was stationed at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia, until late 1926, when he was ordered for his first expeditionary duty.
Schneider was attached to the First Marine Brigade under Brigadier General John Twiggs Myers and sailed for Haiti in order to support government forces against the Cacos rebels. He spent two years in the Caribbean and returned to the United States in 1928. After two-year assignment at Marine Barracks Parris Island, South Carolina, Schneider was ordered to China with 4th Marine Regiment in 1930 and served for next three years with American Legation in Peking and Shanghai.
In summer of 1933, he was ordered back to the States and assumed duties at Marine Corps Institute in New York, before he was transferred to Washington, D.C., for duty at Headquarters Marine Corps.
Schneider, who was already promoted to the rank of captain, was appointed commanding officer of the Marine detachment aboard the battleship USS New Mexico in 1938 and took part in the patrol cruises off coast of Hawaii.
World War II
In 1940, Schneider was attached to the staff of Fleet Marine Force under the command of Major General William P. Upshur and participated in the Caribbean exercise. He was promoted to the rank of major during his service in this capacity.
When the 22nd Marine Regiment was formed at the beginning of June 1942 at Camp Elliott, Schneider was appointed commanding officer of the 3rd Battalion and sailed for Pacific area on June 18. He was stationed at Tutuila, American Samoa and took part in the garrison duty until May 1943, when the regiment was transferred to Wallis Island for island defense and small unit training. Schneider was promoted to the rank lieutenant colonel and appointed executive officer under Colonel John T. Walker.
He served in that capacity during the Eniwetok operation in the Marshall Islands at the end of February 1944 and following the promotion to the rank of colonel during the next month, he was appointed commanding officer of 22nd Marines. Schneider led his regiment during the recapture of Guam in the Marianas in July 1944 and distinguished himself during that operation. He was decorated with the Navy Cross, the United States military's second-highest decoration awarded for valor in combat.
His official Navy Cross citation reads:
Upon the formation of 6th Marine Division under Major General Lemuel C. Shepherd Jr. at the beginning of September 1944, Twenty Second Marines were attached to that division and took part in the eight-month training on Guadalcanal.
Following that period, Schneider led his regiment to Okinawa in April 1945 and took part in the landing on Green Beach. He led his regiment during the fierce fighting and participated in the capturing of northern portion of the island. However Schneider became overcautious and general Shepherd pointed several times on slow advance of 22nd Marine Regiment and criticized that Schneider stayed mostly on the regimental command post and not on the frontlines with his battalions.
Schneider was relieved without prejudice on May 16, 1945, and succeeded by Colonel Harold C. Roberts from the Divisional staff. General Shepherd thought, that Schneider who served in the Pacific area nonstop since June 1942 need rest. He decorated Schneider with Bronze Star Medal with Combat "V" and ordered back to the United States.
Later life
Following a vacation with his family, Schneider returned to service and remained on active duty until 1948. He subsequently retired after 25 years of active service and was advanced to the rank of brigadier general on the retired list for having been specially commended in combat.
He settled in Mesa, Arizona together with his wife Catherine and died there on November 15, 1970. Both of their sons attended United States Naval Academy, and Richard Dana Schneider was killed in action in Korea in 1952. Their second son, Merlin Jr., was badly wounded during the recapture of Seoul in September 1951 and resigned from the service.
Decorations
Here is the ribbon bar of Brigadier General Merlin F. Schneider:
References
1901 births
1970 deaths
People from Clatskanie, Oregon
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Marine Corps generals
American military personnel of the Banana Wars
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Military personnel from Oregon
Jackie Moore (1946 – November 8, 2019) was an American R&B singer. Born in Jacksonville, Florida, she is best known for her gold single 1970 song "Precious, Precious," which reached No. 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart on March 6, 1971. This disc sold over one million copies, and received a gold disc awarded by the R.I.A.A. in March 1971.
Also noteworthy was her 1979 disco hit "This Time Baby," which hit No. 1 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart. The track reached No. 49 in the UK Singles Chart. The latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit "Love on My Mind" by the Freemasons featuring Amanda Wilson. Moore also had a US pop chart hit (No. 42) with Bunny Sigler and Phil Hurtt's upbeat "Sweet Charlie Babe" in the fall of 1973, which she recorded with the Philadelphia Strings and Horns.
Career
Before her success at Atlantic Records and Columbia Records, Moore recorded for Wand Records which produced the single "Who Told You." Her debut "Dear John" was released on Shout Records in 1969.
Reviewing the 1973 Sweet Charlie Babe LP, Robert Christgau wrote in Christgau's Record Guide: Rock Albums of the Seventies (1981), "Figures that this should fall somewhere between state-of-the-art and great-mean soul: the five hits go back to 'Precious, Precious' in the winter of '71, with the two latest cut at a funkier-than-usual Sigma in Philadelphia and the others by a simpler-than-usual Crawford-Shapiro team at Criteria in Miami. Moore's voice is simultaneously sweet and rough, an unusual combination in a woman, and the songs are pretty consistent. But she lacks not only persona but personality, so that what in technical terms is pretty impressive stuff never goes over the top."
"This Time Baby" was a featured song in the video game, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories.
Discography
Studio albums
Precious, Precious: The Best of Jackie Moore (1994, Ichiban)
The Complete Atlantic Recordings (2015, Real Gone Music)
Singles
See also
List of number-one dance hits (United States)
List of artists who reached number one on the US Dance chart
References
External links
American dance musicians
American disco musicians
American rhythm and blues musicians
Musicians from Jacksonville, Florida
1946 births
2019 deaths
Wand Records artists
Atlantic Records artists
Columbia Records artists
20th-century African-American women singers
Hard II Love is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Usher. It was released on September 16, 2016, by RCA Records. Recording sessions took place between from 2013 to 2016, including the executive production from Usher, alongside Mark Pitts, Jaha Johnson, and its co-production by Coup D'état. It features contribution for its album's production by Brandon "B.A.M." Hodge, Rock City, Pop & Oak, PartyNextDoor, D'Mile, Tricky Stewart, The-Dream, Metro Boomin and Raphael Saadiq, among others. The album was supported by four singles: "No Limit" featuring Young Thug, "Crash", "Missin U" and "Rivals" featuring Future.
The album was available for online streaming on June 13, 2016, exclusively through the streaming service Tidal, which Usher co-owns. On June 16, 2016, it was released for paid purchase on other digital download and online streaming services on September 16, 2016. The album debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200, earning 38,000 album-equivalent units in its first week.
Background
In an interview with Rap-Up, singer-songwriter Eric Bellinger explained that himself, along with Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox and Brian Alexander Morgan, were working on Usher's next album. Bellinger compared the album's music to Usher's Confessions, saying that it is "more urban" than Looking 4 Myself. The latter declared that his next album would show that he is "still Usher". In an interview with Billboard, Bellinger explained that Usher created music for his previous albums based on what people wanted to hear. For his follow-up project, he chose to do music based on "what he wants to do in his heart", placing R&B as the album's main focus.
On January 6, 2014, RCA Records CEO Peter Edge described Usher's album as "one of his best records," and stated that new music from the record would be released in conjunction with his return on the sixth season of The Voice, on February 24. The album would feature several guest appearances and contributions from Nicki Minaj, Pop & Oak, Steve Mostyn of Public School, Pharrell Williams, Jermaine Dupri, Diplo, Ed Sheeran, Skrillex, Drake and Chris Brown. Usher teamed up with Honey Nut Cheerios in a conjoint promotional effort, where the singer is shown dancing to the album's second single "She Came to Give It to You" with the Honey Nut Cheerios bee. During the outset of the commercial, the album's title was rumored to be UR, the singer's initials.
On September 8, 2014, Usher told Billboard, that the album would be indefinitely delayed, though wouldn't divulge further details due to the album not being finished; it was to be originally released in September 2014. On January 14, 2016, after continual delays of his eighth album, Usher announced via Instagram that the official title of the album would be titled Flawed. In August 2016, an iTunes New Zealand link popped up with a new Usher album, along with the title and cover art of the album being called Hard II Love. He then confirmed the title on the late-night talk show Jimmy Kimmel Live!.
Cover artwork
The album's cover art is a portrait sculpture of Usher that was done by Daniel Arsham. The cracks and erosions in the sculpture represent flaws and that things and people are not always as perfect or beautiful as they appear on the outside, relating to some of the themes in the album.
Promotion
On August 26, 2016, Usher released the instant-grats from these tracks such as "Missin U" and "Champions" with the latter to be featured on the upcoming boxing film Hands of Stone, where Usher portrays Sugar Ray Leonard. On September 2, 2016, Usher appeared on the BBC Radio 1, Live Lounge, where he performed "No Limit" and "Crash" as well as singles from his previous albums. Usher performed "Crash" on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon and The Ellen Show. Usher held multiple private listening sessions for Hard II Love. On September 13, 2016, Usher had an exclusive playback listening session put on by Tidal held at the Ace Theatre in Los Angeles, California. Radio host Big Boy led the intimate session, where Usher talked about the new album track-by-track. On September 16, 2016, the evening of his album release, Usher hosted and performed songs from the album at his private listening party hosted by iHeartRadio and AT&T Live at Pier 15 in New York City.
Singles
On June 9, 2016, Usher released the album's first single, titled "No Limit" to the music streaming platform Tidal. The song features guest rap verse from an American rapper Young Thug, with production by B. A. M. and Rock City. Usher performed it at the BET Experience and first live televised performance of the song at 2016's BET Awards, which took place at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, California on June 26, 2016. The song peaked at number 32 on the US Billboard Hot 100, number 9 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and at number 4 on the rhythmic charts.
The album's second single, titled "Crash" was released for all digital platforms on June 10, 2016. Its music video was uploaded to Vevo on June 16, 2016. The song was produced by f a l l e n, and Carlos St. John.
On August 26, 2016, "Missin U" was released for online streaming and digital download, along with "Champions". The former was produced by Pop Wansel and Autoro Whitfield. "Missin U" impacted US urban adult contemporary radio as the album's third single on September 13, 2016.
On August 30, 2016, Usher released "Rivals" and its accompanying music video on Tidal. The song features guest rap verse from an Atlanta-native and fellow American hip hop recording artist Future, with production by K-Major and Murphy Kid. "Rivals" impacted US urban adult contemporary radio as the album's fourth single on September 13, 2016.
Critical reception
Hard II Love received generally positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 74, based on 8 reviews. Maura Johnston of Rolling Stone expresses that Hard II Love, "stretches the boundaries of R&B while winding toward the brooding atmospherics that have enveloped much of pop over the past 12 months." Chris DeVille of Stereogum wore that the album "suggests Usher will continue to make hits, headline arenas, and be one of the world's most beloved musical superstars. The guy's natural singing prowess and effortless ability to jump across genre make him a national treasure. In just about every context, he sounds like a pro."
John Pareles of The New York Times commented "he has all the gifts and skills he needs, starting with a genuinely expressive voice that encompasses an ardent croon, a melting falsetto and quick, singsong declamation that puts him at the border of rapping. Told Wright from Vulture wrote "the album is a true return to form for the R&B artist, complete with falsetto crooning and sexy bed-thumping beats". Ira Madison III from MTV wrote that "sexy bangers like 'Bump,' 'Tell Me,' and 'Make U a Believer', helps Usher meet his goals and then some on Hard II Love after seeing few years 'experimenting' with music, he told us, now he's ready to release a classic R&B album again". John Reyes of Idolator wrote Hard II Love is impressive because it shows an R&B vet who's been around for two decades and has sold 43 million albums worldwide. Clover Hope of Jezebel complimented Usher's vocals, saying that "his seamless melodies and fluid vocal strokes remain leaps and bounds ahead of his peers". AllMusic's Andy Kellman felt that Hard II Love "is the most pleasing Usher album in over a decade. In terms of ability, agility, and creativity, Usher's vocals still crush the commercial competition."
Commercial performance
In his home country of the United States, Hard II Love debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200, earning 38,000 album-equivalent units (including 28,000 copies as pure album sales) in its first week. This became Usher's eighth US top-ten album. The album was also streamed 10.7 million times on Tidal in the first week.
Track listing
Sample credits
"Missin U" contains a sample of "Third World Man" performed by Steely Dan, written by Walter Becker and Donald Fagen.
"Bump" contains a sample of "I Wanna Rock" performed by Luke, written by Luther Campbell.
"Let Me" contains a sample of "Love You Down" performed by Ready for the World, written by Melvin C. Riley.
Personnel
Credits for Hard II Love adapted from AllMusic.
Managerial
Usher Raymond IV – executive producer
Mark Pitts – executive producer, A&R
Jaha Johnson – co-executive producer
Coup D'état – co-executive producer
Keith Thomas – A&R consultant, vocal producer
Leticia Hillard – A&R consultant
Randy Warnken – assistant
Jason Stanulis – assistant
Riley McIntyre – assistant
Jeff Jackson – assistant
Brandon Harding – assistant
Nicholas Essig – assistant
Jacob Dennis – assistant
Maddox Chhim – assistant
Jeremy Brown – assistant
Calvin Bailiff – assistant
Nico Raat – Security director
Visuals and imagery
Daniel Arsham – art direction, sculpture
Steve Ramirez – design
James Law – photography
D.L. Warfield – album and song title illustration
Performance credits
Usher Raymond IV – primary artist
Young Thug – featured artist
Future – featured artist
Rubén Blades – featured artist
Priyanka Chopra – vocals
Lil Jon – vocals
Uncle Luke – vocals
Production
Dernst Emile II – producer
Metro Boomin – producer
PartyNextDoor – producer
Brandon "B.A.M." Hodge – producer
Pop & Oak – producer
R!O – producer
Kamo – producer
Tre Drumz – producer
Carlos St. John – producer
f a l l e n – producer
Fisticuffs – producer
Geniuz League – producer
xSDTRK – producer
K-Major – producer
Raphael Saadiq – producer
Mario Jefferson – producer
David "Prep" Hughes – producer
Joseph Hill – producer
Track King Cole – producer
Yonatan "xSDTRK" Ayal – producer, programming
Paul Epworth – producer, programming
Taura Stinson – vocal arrangement
Kory Aaron – engineer, vocal engineer
Matt Wiggins – engineer
Sam Thomas – engineer
John "J-Banga" Kercy – engineer
Joseph Hartwell Jones – engineer
Seth Firkins – engineer
Jeff Edwards – engineer
Donnie Meadows – production coordination
Manny Marroquin – mixing
Tom Coyne – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
2016 in hip hop music
List of UK R&B Albums Chart number ones of 2016
List of Billboard number-one R&B albums of 2016
PBR&B
References
2016 albums
Usher (musician) albums
Albums produced by Rock City
Albums produced by Metro Boomin
Albums produced by Raphael Saadiq
Albums produced by Oak Felder
RCA Records albums
Albums produced by PartyNextDoor
Albums produced by Paul Epworth
Albums produced by Tricky Stewart
Albums produced by Frank Dukes
Albums produced by The-Dream
Minuscule 757 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ304 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament written on paper. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. The manuscript has no complex contents. Scrivener labelled it as 846e, 209a, 399p, and 146r.
Description
The codex contains the text of the New Testament, on 414 paper leaves (size ), with some lacunae. The texts of Matthew 1:1-2:11; 27:60-28:14; John 4:31-21:25 were supplied in the 16th century. The text of Matthew 15:20-23:27 is very defective. It has not Ephesians 4:28-6:24.
The text is written in one column per page, 24-28 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the (chapters), whose numbers are given at the margin, but there are no their (titles) at the top of the pages. It contains Prolegomena, tables of the (with a harmony), lectionary markings, incipits, (lessons), , pictures, and Euthalian Apparatus. Synaxarion and Menologion were added in the 16th century.
The order of books: Gospels, Acts, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles (Hebrews follows Philemon), Apocalypse.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kr. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kr in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It creates textual pair with 1075.
The text of the Pericope Adulterae is marked by an obelus.
History
Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 15th century; Gregory dated the manuscript to the 13th or 14th century. The manuscript is currently dated by the INTF to the 13th century.
In 1843 it was brought from the monastery in Locris.
It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (846) and Gregory (757). Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886. The text of the Apocalypse was collated by Herman C. Hoskier.
The manuscript is now housed at the National Library of Greece (150) in Athens.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Minuscule 758
References
Further reading
Hoskier, Concerning the Text of the Apocalypse: Collation of All Existing Available Greek Documents with the Standard Text of Stephen's Third Edition Together with the Testimony of Versions, Commentaries and Fathers. 1 vol. (London: Bernard Quaritch, Ltd., 1929), pp. 513–514 (only for Apocalypse)
Greek New Testament minuscules
13th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the National Library of Greece
Stanisław Szenic (13 January 1904, Pakość - 28 November 1987, Warsaw) was a Polish lawyer and writer.
He graduated from the Gymnasium at Inowrocław and the Department of Law and Economics at the University of Poznan, before working as a judge for Poland's Foreign Ministry and Justice Ministry. From October 1944 Szenic, Bolesław Rumiński and Alfred Wiślicki prepared an operational group and he was a representative of the Economic Council of Ministers sent to acquire industrial facilities in Poznań province in 1945. At Poznan he was elected the president of the Polish Union of Western Affairs.
From 1945 to 1948 he was a member of the Polish Military Mission in Berlin, at the rank of lieutenant, and was later the Head of the Polish Institute of International Affairs and chief editor of German literature at the State Publishing Institute (1955–1962), among other duties.
His first book, published in 1937, was a commentary on the legal acquisition of citizenship under the Geneva Convention on Upper Silesia. After World War II, he issued several books on the history of Poland (Warsaw, in particular).
Selected works
Generałowie i Hitler
Za zachodnią miedzą
Pitaval warszawski
Pitaval wielkopolski
Maria Szymanowska i jej czasy (with T. Syga)
Maria Kalergis
Franciszek Liszt
Większy niż król ten książę
Ongiś
Najstarszy szlak Warszawy (with Józef Chudek)
Królewskie kariery warszawianek
Ochmistrzynie i faworyty królewskie
Larum na traktach Warszawy
Mars i Syrena
Ani triumf, ani zgon
Cmentarz Powązkowski (3 parts - 1790-1850, 1851-1890, 1891-1918)
1904 births
1987 deaths
20th-century Polish lawyers
20th-century Polish historians
Polish male non-fiction writers
20th-century Polish male writers
People from Inowrocław County
Frederickton is a designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
History
Formerly called Bassett's Harbour, this fishing and lumbering community was named Frederickton after 1901. Early inhabitants came from Fogo Island to use Muddy Hole's resources during the winter season, such as its forest, unoccupied lands, abundant wildlife, and fishing and birding grounds. Muddy Hole first appears in the 1845 Census with a population of 45; by 1857 the population had reached 150. The growth in Muddy Hole was its advantageous location for the seal hunt and cod fishery. By the 1950s Frederickton was a lobster-fishing area with some logging as well. In 1951 the population was 235 and by 1966 it was 346.
Church history
The first inhabitants of Frederickton were Church of England and there were a small number of Roman Catholics as well, in the 1840s. In the 1857 Census there was a record of Wesleyans in the community. In 1857 there was a Methodist school and by the early 1900s a Methodist church was constructed in Frederickton.
In 1860 some resident fishermen of Muddy Hole were James Bonnall, George Clark, Richard Hipditch, and Thomas King.
Geography
Frederickton is in Newfoundland within Subdivision L of Division No. 8.
Frederickton is located on the southwest shore of Muddy Hole, north of Carmanville on the point of an open, exposed harbour. The rocky, low stretch of coastline, the shallow waters in the bay and the exposure to harsh weather can be dangerous for boats. For example, the H.M. Mosdell overturned in November 1908 due to strong wind and six men drowned. However, Frederickton's position created an excellent base for the seal hunt and cod fishery which was the basis of its growth and economy. Frederickton is also located close to excellent fishing and birding areas and has agricultural potential.
Demographics
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Frederickton recorded a population of 221 living in 107 of its 124 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 253. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador
List of designated places in Newfoundland and Labrador
References
External links
http://ngb.chebucto.org/
http://www.ucs.mun.ca/~hrollman/index.html
Populated coastal places in Canada
Designated places in Newfoundland and Labrador
ZFK Dynamo Moscow () is the women's team of Russian football club FC Dynamo Moscow. The club participates in the Russian Women's Football Championship, the top division of Russian women football.
History
The original Dynamo's women team has been founded on 2 December 2021, by support of VTB as women's department of FC Dynamo, to take part in the Russian championship starting from 2022 season.
League and cup history
See also
Dynamo Moscow
Dynamo Moscow (women's basketball)
References
External links
«Динамо» открывает новое направление – женский футбол // Dynamo opens a new direction — women's football – official announcement
Women Football
Football clubs in Moscow
Association football clubs established in 2021
2021 establishments in Russia
Occacaris oviformis is an extinct nektonic predatory arthropod from the Lower Cambrian Maotianshan shale Lagerstätte. It bears a superficial resemblance to the Cambrian arthropod, Canadaspis, though, was much smaller, and had a pair of "great appendages", with which it may have grasped prey. It was originally considered belonging to Megacheira, however it is questioned in later study.
It had a bivalved carapace that covered most of its body, leaving only the last two tergites of its trunk, with the telson jutting out of the posterior end of the carapace, and the eyes, antennae (possibly isolated endopod), and great appendages jutting out of the anterior end. The spines of the great appendages are paired, setting it apart from Forfexicaris valida and megacheirans like Fortiforceps foliosa.
Suggestions have been made that Occacaris is closely related to megacheirans, or to mandibulates.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Xian-Guang Hou, The Cambrian Fossils of Chengjiang, China: The Flowering of Early Animal Life. (Blackwell, 2004)
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian arthropods
Maotianshan shales fossils
Robert Yarber (born Dallas, Texas, 1948) is an American painter and Professor of Art at Pennsylvania State University. He received a BFA from Cooper Union in 1971, and an MFA from Louisiana State University in 1973.
Yarber gained international attention when his work was included in "Paradise Lost/Paradise Regained: American Visions of the New Decade", an exhibit organized by the New Museum for display in the American Pavilion at the 41st Venice Biennale in 1984. At the Venice Biennale, he was one of twenty-four artists (including Roger Brown, Rev. Howard Finster, Cheryl Laemmle, Jedd Garet, April Gornik, and Eric Fischl) represented in the United States pavilion. Yarber gained further prominence with his inclusion in the Whitney Biennial in 1985. In 1990, Yarber, along with artists Janet Woolley, Jenny Holzer and the illustrators Lou Brooks and Marvin Mattelson, participated in an MTV advertising campaign in Rolling Stone magazine that allowed them the freedom to create an illustration without specific requirements.
Yarber has been credited with influencing the Terry Gilliam film Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (1998). According to cinematographer Nicola Pecorini, the look of the film was influenced by Yarber's paintings that are "Very hallucinatory: the paintings use all kinds of neon colors, and the light sources don't necessarily make sense." According to Gilliam, they used him as a guide "While mixing our palette of deeply disturbing fluorescent colors."
He has been represented by the Sonnabend Gallery in New York, Marella Arte Contemporanea in Milan, Modernism Inc. in San Francisco, Reflex Amsterdam, Amsterdam, Nicodim Gallery in Los Angeles, and other galleries in the United States and Europe. His most recent show Return of the Repressed opened for Los Angeles's Nicodim Gallery in 2018. Its coverage has been featured in various art publications including Autre Magazine and Artillery Magazine. Critic Annabel Osberg of Artillery writes, “Robert Yarber‘s spellbinding nocturnal realms feel at once familiar and otherworldly, each of his paintings is far weirder than the sum of its parts, with generic characters and unplaceable urban locales coalescing into bizarre, morbid scenarios.” His 2013 work Panic Pending inspired a collaboration with literary theorist Herbert Marks, who published a piece The Ugly Baby and the Beautiful Corpse: Robert Yarber's Gnostic Comedy in that year's Yearbook of Comparative Literature.
Yarber is perhaps best known for a series of paintings of flying and falling figures seen above cityscapes viewed at night. Yarber's works revolve around "combining antiquity with modernism." Two recent shows at Sonnabend Gallery in New York have highlighted Yarber's integration of non dual Vedanta and Upper Amazonian Shamanism into his drawings and paintings. A graphic fiction is in the works based on the most recent show, "Irrational Exuberance."
References
External links
Yarber web site
American artists
Cooper Union alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
Pennsylvania State University faculty
1948 births
Living people
Norfolkia squamiceps, known commonly as the Scalyhead triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Norfolkia. It was described by Allan Riverstone McCulloch and Edgar Ravenswood Waite in 1916. Under the synonym Norfolkia lairdi it was the type species of Fowler's new genus. This species has been recorded from off Queensland, Norfolk Island, Lord Howe Island, New Caledonia and the Loyalty Islands. The adults occur in tidal pools among areas of coral reef.
References
Scalyhead triplefin
Fish described in 1916
Lang Chánh is a township () and capital of Lang Chánh District, Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam.
References
Populated places in Thanh Hóa province
District capitals in Vietnam
Townships in Vietnam
Paul Ambros (23 June 1933 – 26 June 2015) was a German ice hockey player. He was part of the United Team of Germany, which represented the country at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics.
Born in Füssen, Germany, Ambros played for EV Füssen from 1949 until 1965, scoring more than 60 goals in 200 games and helping his team win the Spengler Cup in 1965. He then played for Augsburger EV from 1965 until 1973. He was often referred as "Der Tiger vom Hopfensee (The Tiger from Hopfensee)".
Ambros is a member of the German Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.
Ambros died on 26 June 2015 at the age of 82, following a lengthy undisclosed illness. He is survived by his wife, Inge.
References
External links
1933 births
2015 deaths
German ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey players at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Sportspeople from Füssen
Olympic ice hockey players of the United Team of Germany
German submarine U-135 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
She was laid down at the Vulkan-Vegesackerwerft in Bremen on 16 September 1940 as yard number 14, launched on 12 June 1941 and commissioned on 16 August with Oberleutnant zur See Friederich-Hermann Praetorius in command.
U-135 began her service career in training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla, before moving on to the 7th flotilla for operations.
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-135 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 6 V 40/46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Brown, Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . U-135 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history
The boat sank three ships totalling and damaged a fourth of .
First and second patrols
The submarine's first patrol began with her departure from Kiel on 24 December 1941. Her route took her across the North Sea and into the Atlantic Ocean via the passage between the Orkney and Shetland Islands. As part of wolfpack 'Ziethen', she sank Gandia on 22 January 1942 east of Cape Race, (Newfoundland). She arrived at St. Nazaire in occupied France on the 31st.
Her second foray was northeast of Iceland, but she returned to another port, Brest, on 3 April 1942.
Third and fourth patrols
Her third sortie was her longest, at 71 days. Having departed Brest on 26 April 1942, she sank Fort Qu Appelle on 17 May north of Bermuda. She also sank Pleasantville on 8 June northwest of Bermuda before returning to St. Nazaire on 5 June.
U-135 discovered and shadowed convoy ON 122 during her fourth patrol, and was able to remain on patrol following heavy damage received when attacked with depth charges and Hedgehog by HNoMS Potentilla and . The boat was later attacked by a Czech-crewed Vickers Wellington aircraft of No. 311 Squadron RAF on 3 October 1942 in the Bay of Biscay. Only minor damage was sustained, but one man was killed and another died of his wounds.
Fifth and sixth patrols
Her fifth sortie took her across the Atlantic, almost to the coast of Newfoundland.
U-135s sixth patrol was toward Greenland; she was attacked by a British B-24 Liberator of 120 Squadron northeast of Ireland on 8 February 1943. Some damage was repaired, but the boat was forced to return to Lorient on 10 March when further leaks were discovered.
Seventh patrol and loss
For her last patrol, she left Lorient on 7 June 1943. Northeast of the West Indies, she attacked and damaged Twickenham on the 15th. She then moved to the east Atlantic where she was attacked by the sloop , the corvettes and and a US PBY Catalina flying boat of VP-92. U-135 was sunk east of the Canary Islands on 15 July. Five men died, there were 41 survivors.
Wolfpacks
U-135 took part in ten wolfpacks, namely:
Zieten (6 – 20 January 1942)
Westwall (2 – 12 March 1942)
York (12 – 25 March 1942)
Pfadfinder (21 – 27 May 1942)
Lohs (17 August - 20 September 1942)
Panzer (23 November - 11 December 1942)
Raufbold (11 – 19 December 1942)
Pfeil (3 – 8 February 1943)
Neptun (18 – 28 February 1943)
Trutz 2 (22 – 29 June 1943)
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1941
U-boats sunk in 1943
World War II submarines of Germany
1941 ships
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats sunk by US aircraft
U-boats sunk by depth charges
U-boats sunk by British warships
Maritime incidents in July 1943
Streamstown () is a town in County Westmeath, Ireland. It is close to the large town of Mullingar. Streamstown was historically called Ballintruhan, which is an anglicisation of its Irish name.
A horse named Streamstown competed in the 2002 Grand National Steeplechase, finishing in ninth place.
Streamstown railway station opened on 1 August 1851 and finally closed on 17 June 1963. Midland Great Western Railway from Athlone to Mullingar formed part of the main route between Dublin, County Galway and County Mayo until 1987, when Córas Iompair Éireann (CIÉ) closed the line and severing the rail link between Athlone and Mullingar. This section of rail line has since been developed into the Athlone to Mullingar Cycleway, which opened in October 2015.
Streamstown has a fox hunting club called the Streamstown Harriers, affiliated with the Irish Masters of Harriers Association.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Westmeath
DEGENESIS is a pen-and-paper role-playing game created by Christian Günther and Marko Djurdjevic and that is currently published by SIXMOREVODKA. DEGENESIS was created as an indie project, supported by Projekt Odyssee. It was originally produced and distributed in 2004 by Sighpress-Verlag. Since 2014, the second and current edition (DEGENESIS: Rebirth) is produced and distributed by SIXMOREVODKA. Since April 2020 all of its materials are available to download online for free.
Setting
The game is categorized by the designers as "Primal Punk", a description detailing a world in which humanity struggles for survival in a world filled with perils both alien and humane.
The game is set in the regions of Europe and North Africa at the end of the 26th century, more than 500 years after a major asteroid event devastated the face of the Earth and the ensuing chaos and conflict reset human civilization, when it was just at the edge of transhumanism. From the ashes of the old world, new cultures emerge and fight for survival.
Furthermore, an alien entity travelled within the asteroids, and in its interaction with terrestrial lifeforms it pushes them to mutate and evolve. The Primer, as it is called, is a menace to the human species, for when it infects a human embryo it can turn it into something more primal: A Homo Degenesis.
Characters within the universe are shaped by three different ideals: culture, cult and concept. Culture is defined as the home region, the concept as the character's personal background theme and the cult as the player's team or organization. The story universe spans 13 different cults, which represent the major organizations within the world, and the Clanners, encompassing all the minor organizations which conform the majority of the world's population and allow for player customization.
Rebirth edition
Noted points of departure from the first edition include the whole revamping of the game system, and lore-wise, a more lax and intertwined relationship between the cults.
System
The revamped Katharsys game system uses a d6 pool system where players roll a number of d6 equal to the sum of the relevant Attribute and the specific Skill, plus or minus circumstantial modifiers. Character's stats consist of 6 primary attributes and each one of these has six specific skills. Primal and Focus, Faith and Willpower, Secondary stats and backgrounds.
Free To Play
In April 2020 a revamped website and business model was announced, with all PDFs of the game's publications being available for free download indefinitely.
A donation system was set up for fans to support the game via one-time or monthly subscriptions, and physical media, including the aforemented books in print and other merchandise, are still available for purchase.
The website is the nexus for the game and under the new model it is updated regularly with new content that expands upon the lore of degenesis in the form of short stories, art, and character entries, among other types of media.
The Free To Play experiment failed to boost sales in any meaningful way. On October 22, 2021, the product line was brought to an end and discontinued.
First Edition
Rules
The gaming system is based on five Attributes (Mentality, Mobility, Body, Expression and Psyche). Players add Skill and Attributes to get the "Action Value" and rolls two 10-sided (2D10) die below it.
Difficulties are described by numbers the players must "beat".
Fighting is an expansion of the basic rules of the game by which the characters are "action points". The action points are modifiers within the game that either set initiative or other actions within the battle scenario. Players do damage by rolling a number of d10 under a specified number (defined by the weapon stats). There are also experience points that can be collected via battles or free experience points that can be freely distributed amongst the players.
Generally, however, players strive to roll as little as possible.
Publications and Special Editions
Reviews and awards
The Degenesis: Rebirth Edition was awarded the 2015 Special Jury Prize by the German Role-Playing Game Prizes (Deutschen Rollenspiel Preis (DRSP)).
Reviews
Casus Belli (v4, Issue 13 - Jan/Feb 2015)
References
External links
Degenesis - Official Webpage
SIXMOREVODKA - Homepage
Post-apocalyptic role-playing games
Role-playing games
Role-playing games introduced in 2004
The photothermal ratio (PTR), also named photothermal quotient, is a variable that characterizes the amount of light available to plants relative to the temperature level. It is used in plant biology to characterize the growth environment of plants.
Rationale
Both light and temperature are important environmental variables that determine the growth and development of plants. Light is especially important in driving photosynthesis and producing sugars. Temperature is a strong driver of cell division, where available sugars are converted to produce new leaf, stem, root or reproductive biomass. As such, both are important factors – along with nutrient and water availability – in determining the source:sink balance of a plant, the amount of sugar available for plant in relation to its growth potential. The photothermal ratio is a quantitative descriptor that can be used to approximate this balance.
Calculation and units
The photothermal ratio is calculated by dividing the Daily Light Integral (photosynthetic photon flux density integrated over a day; DLI) plants are exposed to by a baseline daily temperature(Tb). PTR = DLI / Tb. Units are therefore mol quanta m−2 day−1 °C−1. Alternatively, the number of degree days have been used rather than Tb per se, with units of the form mol degree-day−1. The PTR concept has been introduced in detailed studies of growth and productivity of a particular species. For these species, a baseline temperature Tb is chosen for which it is known than no leaf elongation takes place below that temperature, which for many temperate species will be a temperature around 5 °C.
In characterizing the growth environment of a broad range of plants without reference to any specific species, Tb has been taken to be zero °C.
Normal ranges
The photothermal ratio is relatively constant over the year in the tropics, with lowland values around 1.3 mol m−2 day−1 °C−1. At higher latitudes PTR changes with seasons, being high in spring, and low in autumn. Averaged over the growing season, PTR values are around 3 in boreal zones, and around 2 in temperate zones. Plants growing in glasshouses often grow at a PTR of ~1, experiments with Arabidopsis are often carried out at a PTR around 0.2.
Effects on plants
Many effects that have been ascribed to light are actually dependent on temperature as well. For example, strong stem elongation at low light will only take place when temperatures are high, but not when temperatures are close to 0 °C. In wheat, PTR in the month before anthesis strongly determines the number of kernels. In horticulture, plants grown at a high PTR generally have thicker stems, shorter internodes and more flowers, and therefore have higher marketable yield.
See also
Daily light integral
Climate
References
Plants
Light
Botany
The 2019 Galway Intermediate Hurling Championship was the 61st staging of the Galway Intermediate Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Galway County Board in 1949. The championship began on 5 April 2019 and ended on 3 November 2019.
On 3 November 2019, Kinvara won the championship after a 1-10 to 0-12 defeat of Kilconieron in the final at Kenny Park. It was their second championship overall and their first title since 1966.
Results
Relegation playoffs
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Galway GAA website
Galway Intermediate Hurling Championship
Galway Intermediate Hurling Championship
Pablo Larios Iwasaki (, July 31, 1960 – January 31, 2019) was a Mexican professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was nicknamed "El Arquero de la Selva" (The Goalkeeper of the Jungle), both for being from Zacatepec, a town in the Mexican state of Morelos known for his humid and warm climate, and for starting his career with his hometown's football club.
Career
Larios was a goalkeeper for Zacatepec, Cruz Azul, Puebla and Toros Neza during his playing career. He played for the Mexico national football team at the 1986 FIFA World Cup, where Mexico reached the quarter-finals and 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup. He also participated in the 1979 FIFA World Youth Championship.
He was the goalkeeper trainer in the 2006 FIFA World Cup working for Ricardo Lavolpe.
Personal life
He has Japanese ancestors on his maternal side.
In early September 2008, Larios's 19-year-old son, Pablo Larios Garza, was reported missing. After an intense search, he was found dead by the border police near the area of Grajeno, approximately 600 feet away from the Rio Grande. He attempted to illegally cross the border to visit his girlfriend, who lived in the USA, since he had lost his visa.
Death
On Thursday January 31, 2019 Larios was pronounced dead at a hospital in Puebla.
Honours
Zacatepec
Mexican Segunda División: 1983–84
Puebla
Mexican Primera División: 1989–90
Copa México: 1989–90
Campeón de Campeones: 1989–90
CONCACAF Champions' Cup: 1991
See also
List of people from Morelos
References
External links
1960 births
2019 deaths
1986 FIFA World Cup players
1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Association football goalkeepers
Mexican people of Japanese descent
Mexico international footballers
Mexico under-20 international footballers
Footballers from Morelos
Club Atlético Zacatepec players
Cruz Azul footballers
Club Puebla players
Toros Neza footballers
Liga MX players
Mexican footballers
Sidenreng Rappang Regency (the name is often abbreviated to "Sidrap") is a landlocked regency of South Sulawesi Province in Indonesia. It has an area of and had a population of 271,911 at the 2010 Census and 319,990 at the 2020 Census. Its capital is at the town of Pangkajene Sidenreng. The original inhabitants of this area are Bugis.
History
Sidenreng Rappang conducted its first direct elections for district heads on 29 October 2008.
Sidenrang and Rappang
Sidenreng Rappang originally consisted of two kingdoms, Sidenreng and Rappang. It was difficult to find the boundary between them. Often those from one community served in the other community. They speak the same language with slightly different dialects. The Rappang region occupies the northern position, while Sidenreng is in the South.
Topography
Rappang Sidenreng lies at an altitude between 10 m - 1500 m from sea level. State of the topography in this area varies between a flat area covering 879.85 km2 (46.72%), a hilly area of 290.17 km2 (15.43%) and a mountainous area of 712.81 km2 (37.85%). The northeastern portion (Pitu Riase District) is very underpopulated.
Economy
Sidenreng Rappang is a center of rice production in South Sulawesi. It is mainly supported by a network of technical irrigation to irrigate rice fields throughout the year. Some of the existing irrigation network in Sidenreng Rappang include:
Irrigation Fur Cenrana, irrigate 6,000 hectares of paddy
When the irrigation network, irrigate 5,400 hectares of paddy
Irrigation Fur Timoreng, irrigate 5,400 hectares of paddy
In addition to the major producer of rice in eastern Indonesia, the area is also a major producer of chicken eggs and duck eggs outside Java. Other agricultural commodities are cocoa, copra, cashew and kemiriserta forest products such as wood and rattan.
Services and Industry
Industrial development is concentrated on small-scale industries, medium and cottage industries ( home industry ), the main target is still limited to the share of inter- regional or inter pasaar island. The development of the industrial sector increased empowerment through education, workforce training, and creating a business climate conducive to stimulate investors to support the industrial sector, both in the field of marketing and capital.
Industrial sector as one of the economic sectors is still potential for development, which is affecting the economic sector as well as to drive the development of other sectors. Industrisebagai sector development sectors absorb considerable manpower especially Small Industrial Enterprises ( SMEs ) which could affect the development process of the region, where the leading industrial sector will grow faster.
The 75MW Sidrap Wind Farm, which opened in 2018, is Indonesia's first wind farm.
Profile and Status Sub Project
In the Financial Management reform agenda outline there are eight (8) steps in implementation:
Preparation of Action Plan Formulation and Implementation in Financial Management Reform.
Institutional Development and Legal Basis of Financial Management.
Planning and Implementation Regional Budget.
Monitoring the Implementation of the Regional Budget.
Revenue Management.
Regions Financial Reporting and Accountability.
Financial Management Capacity.
Development of Regional Financial Information System.
Social Culture
Education
Educational facilities at sufficient Rappang Sidenreng, which means that there ranging from the level of kindergarten, elementary school, junior high, and high school.
Health
Availability of health facilities such as hospitals, health centers, health centers (Pustu), Polyclinics and BKIA / Maternity Hospital during the year 2006 this number is relatively unchanged. In addition to the provision of health facilities to improve health services to the community, the health care supply business is also expected to be improved. Noted there are as many as two (2) pieces Hospital, 13 health centers, 37 sub health centers, two (2) Medical Center, 2 (two) BKIA / maternity hospital and 1 (one) Clinic. The medical personnel are available consisting of 18 physicians, 10 dentists, 97 nurses, 84 midwives, and 82 other health workers.
Potential Areas
Food Crops & Horticulture
Potential natural state supported by people who are mostly farmers allow various types of plants can be developed, both for small and large scale.
Development of Agriculture and horticulture crops provide an advantage for Sidenreng Rappang, whose economy is based on agriculture sector, with a wide, potential and even geography was conducive to the development of this sector. In the development of this sector fully supports the government programs intended to help farmers and improving the standard of living.
Featured commodities Sidenreng Rappang Agriculture and Horticulture Food Crops include: Rice, Corn, Cassava, Sweet Potato, Peanuts, Soybeans, Green Bean, Cucumber, Eggplant, Large Chilli, chili, tomatoes, beans length, kale, Spinach, Banana, Guava, Mango, Citrus Siam, Papaya, Salak, Jackfruit, Breadfruit.
Potential Plantation
Plantation sector development directed at increasing production and productivity, improved quality of results and the development of agribusiness plantation commodities. The development of the plantation sector provide an advantage for Sidenreng Rappang because of geography that supports fully with programs intended to help farmers and improving the standard of living.
The plantation species developed in Sidenreng Rappang include: Coconut, Cocoa, Cashew, Pepper, Coffee, Tamarind, Clove.
Forestry
The forestry sector is in Sidenreng Rappang namely: Protected forest, limited production forest, forest degraded land and forest preserves. More details Sindereng district forestry Rappang picture can be seen in the following table;
Limited Production Forest
forest Preserve
Forest Reserves.
Livestock
Livestock sector is the dominant sector in Sidenreng Rappang. This can be seen by the many farms, both large and small livestock farm. The pattern is just relying on the ranch for pasture land that is in a broad Kabypaten Sidenreng Rappang with 19 154 hectares, spread over nine (9) districts.
Especially small livestock (poultry), the sector is very potential to be developed viewed from various aspects, such as land aspects, socio-economic feasibility, infrastructure, etc..
Poultry population and Not Race Race (Native) is the largest population. For this type of laying chicken, in 2005 totaled 2,360,142 head, an increase of 2,503,721 head in 2006. As for the chicken Buras, also increased the number of tails 1,661,669 in 2005, and in 2006 amounted to 1,761,401 head.
Tourism
Geographically located belt Sidenreng Rappang trajectory major tourist destination areas in South Sulawesi, namely Tanah Toraja (Tator), so it is a very big district opportunities to attract foreign visitors to stop for a moment or even overnight while enjoying the typical traditions of the local community.
Tourist destination in Sidenreng Rappang that can be used as a primary goal, among others, are: DataE Travel Park, Studio Art Nene 'Mallomo, Lake Sidenreng, Thermal Baths, Nature Park, Niagara, Horse Racing, Toda Bojo Agro Tourism, etc..
Communication
Telecommunications infrastructure development directed at increasing the flow of information on a region to another, which is expected to spur economic activity between regions.
One of telecommunications facilities in the district are Sidenreng Rappang Postal Service. The number of existing service facilities Heading 4 (four) pieces Pangkajene the Post Office, Post Office Rappang, Amparita Post Office and Post Office Tanru Tedong.
In addition to the Post Office, that there are other means of telecommunication in Sidenreng Rappang is Phone. This communication services implemented by PT Telkom to facilitate communication between people who use cable telephone services, in addition to the user 's cell phone or mobile phone services, with the installation of antennas ( BTS ) from PT Telkomsel and PT Satelindo for certain areas such as the District and surrounding MaritangngaE, District Panca Flint, District Five Lautang, and District Two PituE, hence the need for telecommunications, particularly mobile phones can be served in Sidenreng Rappang, although for the time being is still limited existence.
Transportation
Rappang Sidenreng within ± 200 km from Makassar and lies at the intersection between the lines to Palopo and Toraja. To get to this area is by bus or Toraja Palopo majors, general passenger cars (Toyota, Suzuki APV, Izusu Panther) and minibuses.
Administrative districts
Sidenreng Rappang Regency in 2020 comprised eleven administrative Districts (Kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, and the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district.
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Isabella Gomez (born February 9, 1998) is a Colombian-American actress, best known for starring in One Day at a Time. Gomez has previously had minor roles in both Modern Family and Matador. She was later cast in a starring role in HBO Max's reboot of Head of the Class, which premiered in October 2021.
In 2020, Gomez was awarded an Impact Award by the National Hispanic Media Coalition for her "Outstanding Performance in a Television Series" on One Day at a Time.
Early life
Gomez was born in Medellín, Colombia, in 1998. Gomez began acting in commercials at the age of five. Her family later immigrated to Orlando, Florida, when she was ten years old. There, she received lessons from a vocal coach to help moderate her accent. In 2015, her family moved to Los Angeles to improve her ability to pursue an acting career.
Personal life
In 2018, Gomez dated actor Rhenzy Feliz for a year and a half.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Colombian television actresses
1998 births
Living people
People from Medellín
Actresses from Orlando, Florida
Hispanic and Latino American actresses
Colombian emigrants to the United States
21st-century Colombian actresses
American film actresses
American television actresses
American voice actresses
21st-century American women
William R. Pell (August 16, 1947 – July 26, 2003) was an American opera singer who had a major international career during the 1980s and 1990s. He began his career as a baritone in the early 1970s before transitioning into the dramatic tenor repertoire in 1975. He was particularly admired for his interpretations of the works of Richard Wagner.
Early years
Born in Denver, Colorado, Pell attended high school in Indianapolis, Indiana, where the youth played basketball while taking voice lessons at the urging of his mother, Helen Pell. He then studied at the Peabody Conservatory (1965–1967) and the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University (1967–1970). While at IU he performed in student productions of Andrea Chénier (Roucher), Deidamia (Fenice), L'italiana in Algeri (Haly), and Love on Trial (Count Asdrubale). After graduation, Pell was drafted into the U.S. Army, where he sang with an Army ensemble and band. Pell then moved to New York City, where he pursued graduate studies at the Manhattan School of Music and sang as a baritone with the professional choir of nearby Riverside Church, under the direction of Frederick Swann.
Career in opera
Pell began performing in professional operas with mostly secondary houses throughout North America during the early 1970s as a baritone. He notably sang Figaro in Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro with the Canadian Opera Company and Germont in Verdi's La Traviata in San Francisco. In 1975 he made his first foray into the tenor repertoire with a portrayal of Rodolfo in Puccini's La bohème. In 1977 he became an Affiliate Artist at San Francisco Opera where he sang the role of the officer in Ariadne auf Naxos by Richard Strauss and Procolo in Donizetti's Le convenienze ed inconvenienze teatrali.
In the late 1970s he went to Europe where his career thrived. From 1982-1989 he was a principal tenor at the Deutsche Oper Berlin where he was much admired in Wagner roles. He notably starred in the world premiere of Wolfgang Rihm's Oedipus on October 4, 1987, which was broadcast on German television. Music reviewer John Holland said Pell sang his challenging part's "high tessitura without any sign of distress". He also performed with the company in performances of Rudolf Kelterborn's Ophelia at the Schwetzingen Festival. He had two major triumphs with the company in 1988 as Siegfried in Wagner's Ring Cycle and Váňa Kudrjáš in Janáček's Káťa Kabanová.
Pell was also highly active as a guest artist with opera companies on the international stage. In 1980 he returned to the Canadian Opera Company to sing Laca Klemeň in Janáček's Jenůfa and in 1981 he returned to the San Francisco Opera to portray Romeo in Gounod's Roméo et Juliette. At Oper Frankfurt he sang in the world premiere of Hans Zender's Stephen Climax on June 15, 1986. He had a major triumph at the Festival dei Due Mondi in the title role of Wagner's Parsifal in 1987, returning there the following year to sing Laca Klemeň. In 1988 he was an admired Bacchus in Ariadne auf Naxos at the Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi in Trieste and gave successful performances of Alwa in Alban Berg's Lulu at the Teatro Carlo Felice and Staatsoper Hannover.
Pell gave several performances at the Bayreuth Festival where he was heard as Parsifal (1989) and as Walther in Tannhäuser (1989–1991). In 1990 he sang Florestan in Beethoven's Fidelio in Trieste and returned to Frankfurt to perform in York Höller's The Master and Margarita. He also performed Parsifal at the Spoleto Festival that year, with New York Times music critic Donal Henahan calling his performance, "believable and bright-toned". Pell also made several guest appearances at the De Nederlandse Opera, Staatsoper Stuttgart, La Fenice, and the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma during his career. Other roles in his extensive repertoire included Desportes in Zimmermann's Die Soldaten, Jean in Antonio Bibalo's Miss Julie, Matteo in Arabella by Richard Strauss, and Zinoviy Borisovich Izmailov in Shostakovich's Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District.
Death and legacy
Having never retired, Pell died in Nashville, Tennessee, on July 26, 2003 at the age of 55. His remains are interred in the columbarium of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City, where he often sang. He is survived by his ex-wife, Andrea, a professional ballerina, and a son, Christopher, who is principal clarinetist of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, as of . Pell's voice is preserved on a complete opera recording of Tannhäuser made in 1988 under the direction of Giuseppe Sinopoli and on Messe für Soli, Chor und Orchester by Wolfgang von Schweinitz. Some of Pell's solos sung at Riverside Church in the mid-1970s can still be heard on the Sacred Classics radio program, such as his rendition of The Palms by Jean-Baptiste Faure. Pell's performance of Wolfgang Rihm's Oedipus, televised in 1987, was released by Arthaus on DVD in 2013.
References
1947 births
2003 deaths
American operatic tenors
Indiana University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Manhattan School of Music alumni
20th-century American male opera singers
Dairyville is an unincorporated community in Tehama County, California, United States. The community is along the Sacramento River and California State Route 99 east-southeast of Red Bluff.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Tehama County, California
The guiltive is a term introduced by John Haiman for the speaker attitude whereby the speaker overtly presents themself as generous or indifferent but actually means the opposite of what they are saying, with the intention of making the addressee feel guilty.
The guiltive is similar to sarcasm: in both, the speaker's ostensible message is accompanied by a derived metamessage "This message is bogus." In sarcasm this is overtly marked by the speaker (for example, using intonation or caricatured formality), whereas in the guiltive, it is instead "left to be supplied by the addressee, who is thereby made to feel like a worm." The fact that the speaker still sounds sincere (albeit known not to be) suggests an affinity with polite language. But unlike politeness, the purpose of which is to avoid aggression, the guiltive is a form of passive-aggressiveness intended to make the listener feel bad.
The name "guiltive" is formed with the -ive suffix, which is commonly used for the names of grammatical moods. But as with sarcasm, no language has been found to have grammaticalized it.
References
Bibliography
Contains an abridged version of .
Pragmatics
Irony
Meridian Water is a £6bn, 20-year regeneration programme in Upper Edmonton, in the south-east of the London Borough of Enfield, North London. Led by the council, the project will build 10,000 homes next to the Lee Valley Regional Park.
The development has its own railway station which opened in June 2019, replacing Angel Road, connecting to Stratford and London Liverpool Street to the south, and Stansted and Cambridge to the north.
Current site
The 210-acre site is located in the south of the London Borough of Enfield between Edmonton, Tottenham and Walthamstow. It is currently home to the Ravenside Retail park, an IKEA store, and a number of large blue warehouse structures, formerly owned by British Oxygen Company, or BOC Group, for the manufacture of liquified gas storage vessels. These buildings are currently being used for storage, industrial and distribution purposes.
The council has acquired 87 acres (35 hectares) of land at Meridian Water since April 2014. It currently owns 64% of all developable land within the red line boundary of the site and has to date committed £157m to land acquisition.
Current development
The first phase of development called "Meridian One" will create the first 725 homes and retail space built at Willoughby Lane, near the new Meridian Water station, which opened in June 2019. This station is estimated to serve up to four million passengers each year at its peak.
A planning application and development partner are also being progressed for the second phase called "Meridian Two" at Leeside Road, which will create 200 affordable homes. The developer intends these homes for ‘makers and creators' that will use new workspace on the lower floors. The developer also says that this phase will create a new employment hub for around 900 new jobs at a 2–3-acre site along the North Circular.
External links
Official web site
References
Edmonton, London
Housing in London
PT Telekomunikasi Selular (trading as Telkomsel) is an Indonesian wireless network provider founded in 1995 and is owned by Telkom Indonesia (65%) and Singtel (35%). It is headquartered in South Jakarta.
Telkomsel is the largest cellular telecommunication carrier in the country with 169.5 million customer base as of 2020. The company operates their GSM network on the 900–1800 MHz frequency range, as well as 3G, 4G, and 5G services on other frequencies. Telkomsel operates a variety of mobile services, chief among them are Telkomsel PraBayar (a consolidation of simPATI, kartuAs, and LOOP, all of them Telkomsel's prepaid services) and Telkomsel Halo (formerly kartuHalo). These brands differ on their payment model (prepaid vs. postpaid) as well as pricing. As of the first quarter of 2020, Telkomsel had a 66.4% share of the Indonesian mobile phone market.
History
Telkomsel was incorporated on 26 May 1995 in Jakarta, Indonesia by PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia Tbk (Telkom) and PT Indosat Tbk (Indosat). In 1996, KPN Netherlands (KPN) and PT Setdco Megacell Asia (Setdco) acquired stakes in Telkomsel of 17.3% and 5%, respectively. In 2001, Telkom acquired Indosat shares to increase its ownership to 77.7%, while KPN and Setdco's shares were acquired by Singtel Mobile. The following year, Singtel Mobile increased its ownership by 12.7%, bringing its total ownership in Telkomsel to 35%, while it is majority owned by Telkom Indonesia with 65% of the shares.
In November 1997, Telkomsel became the first wireless carrier in Asia to introduce rechargeable GSM pre-paid services (branded as simPATI until the 2021 rebrand). In September 2006, Telkomsel became the first carrier in the country to launch a 3G service.
On 20 March 2009, Telkomsel and Apple South Asia Pte. Ltd. launched the iPhone 3G in Indonesia with customised price plans for all of Telkomsel's customers. Three years later, Telkomsel had acquired more than 100 million active customers.
In 2014, 11 million former Telkom Flexi (the parent company's fixed wireless access service) subscribers were migrated to either kartuAs or kartuHALO service (depending on their plan) when Telkom, along with various other cellular providers across the country, ended their CDMA services.
In April 2017, the company website was hacked, and a message protesting about high charges and unnecessary extra services was posted containing numerous offensive words. There was widespread support for the hacker on social media.
In June 2021, Telkomsel became the first carrier in the country to launch a 5G service, with limited rollout in certain regions in Jakarta and South Tangerang, along with Batam. In 18 June 2021, Telkomsel launched its new logo, replacing the old logo that has been used 26 years since its foundation.
Network coverage
As of 2018, Telkomsel had 160,705 Base Transceiver Stations (BTS) with 68.7% being 3G/4G capable. The network uses GSM Dual Band (900 & 1800), GPRS, EDGE, 3G, 4G, and 5G technologies.
References
External links
Indonesian brands
Indonesian companies established in 1995
Joint ventures
Mobile phone companies of Indonesia
Telecommunication companies of Indonesia
Telecommunication companies established in 1995
Telkom Indonesia
Roger Jean Khawam (19 April 1922 – 22 April 2016) was an Egyptologist and one of the foremost dealers in Egyptian antiquities of his time. He took over the firm of Khawam Brothers in 1955 which he ran until his retirement in 2005.
Early life
Roger Khawam was born in the affluent Garden City, Cairo, on 19 April 1922. His family were of Syrian Christian origins and moved to Egypt in 1850 when Roger's grandfather, Sélim Khawam, started a jewellery shop near the Ramses railway station in Cairo. They later became involved in the antiquities business. Roger Khawam received his early education at the Lycée Français du Caire from 1929 and subsequently in Paris where he went to learn mathematics and chemistry. Boutros Boutros-Ghali was a childhood friend and Omar Sharif was a cousin.
Khawam was familiar with the antiquities trade from a young age, taking holidays at the pyramids and watching his father Joseph attend to rich Americans at his showroom at the Khan el-Khalili souq, but he only decided to become an Egyptologist after Emile Gaston Chassinat dissuaded him from becoming an aerobatic pilot instead. He had learned to fly while in Paris for his studies. Accordingly, from 1945 to 1950 he studied the skills required of an Egytologist at the Sorbonne's École pratique des hautes études and the Institut Catholique de Paris, such as Coptic, numismatics, hieratic, and German. He already knew Arabic, English and French.
Career
In 1955, Khawam took over the family business. He developed an extensive network of contacts that brought him new finds including farmers who found things in their fields and he toured archaeological digs looking for new pieces. He became an expert at spotting fakes. He told his sons to always look at the object, not the hand that held it. Customers included the Louvre, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Queen Mother and her ladies-in-waiting. He was a member of the Egypt Exploration Society and the Société Française d'Egyptologie.
In 1977, after the Egyptian authorities introduced laws that restricted the sale and export of antiquities, Khawam moved the firm to Paris where it still trades as Khawam Brothers.
Khawam was known for his charm, good manners and dapper appearance, always wearing a full suit whatever the heat. He shrank from publicity and spent his weekends studying Egyptology and drawing scarab inscriptions. He was a gourmet who enjoyed fine wine and whisky. He retired in 2005 as one of the foremost dealers in Egyptian antiquities of his time.
His library of Egyptology was sold in Paris in 2012.
Family
Khawam married Elise Roger in 1950, a French governess that he had met in a Parisian cafe in 1949. Elise died in 2012. They had two sons, Roland and Bertrand.
Death
Khawam died in Paris on 22 April 2016. He was survived by his sons.
References
External links
Khawam Brothers Antiquities.
1922 births
2016 deaths
Egyptian Egyptologists
Egyptian antiquarians
Businesspeople from Cairo
Egyptian expatriates in France
The President's Daughter may refer to;
The President's Daughter, a 2021 novel by Bill Clinton and James Patterson
The President's Daughter (Britton book), a 1928 book by Nan Britton
The President's Daughter (White novel), a 1984 novel by Ellen Emerson White
The President's Daughter series, a series of books by White
Clotel; or, The President's Daughter, an 1853 novel by William Wells Brown
The President's Daughter (film), a South Korean film with Namkoong Won
The President's Daughter (Higgins book), a 1997 book by Jack Higgins
The 2002–03 ISU World Standings, are the World Standings published by the International Skating Union (ISU) during the 2002–03 season.
The 2002–03 ISU World Standings for single & pair skating and ice dance, are taking into account results of the 1999–2000, 2000–01, 2001–02 and 2002–03 seasons.
World Standings for single & pair skating and ice dance
Season-end standings
The remainder of this section is a list, by discipline, published by the ISU.
Men's singles (12 skaters)
Ladies' singles (6 skaters)
Pairs (18 couples)
Ice dance (12 couples)
See also
ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking
List of the highest ranked figure skaters by nation
List of ISU World Standings and Season's World Ranking statistics
2002–03 figure skating season
References
External links
International Skating Union
2002–03
Standings and Ranking
Standings and Ranking
Baghao is a town and union council of Barkhan District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The area has some of the most productive soil in the district.
References
Populated places in Barkhan District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
This is a list of populated places in the Pakistan province of Punjab.
Punjab
Samantha Monahan (born December 5, 1988 in Dumont, New Jersey) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Ballerup-Skovlunde Fodbold of the Danish Elitedivisionen.
Early life
Monahan grew up in Tucson, Arizona and attended Catalina Foothills High School, where she was a four-year starter and won three consecutive 4A state championships in 2005, 2006 and 2007.
Northern Arizona University
In 2012, she graduated with a major in Electronic Media and Film at Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona, where she played for the Northern Arizona Lumberjacks women's soccer program from 2008-2012. She made 70 appearances for the Lumberjacks, accumulating 13 goals and 21 assists - good for eighth and second all-time in program history, respectively - and is one of ten players in program history with multiple All-Big Sky first team selections. She led her team to its first ever NCAA tournament appearances by winning back-to-back Big Sky Conference tournament titles in 2008 and 2009, and was named first team All-Big Sky in 2010 and 2011.
Club
Monahan had a tryout with the Philadelphia Independence of the WPS in December 2011. She was asked to join the team for the final tryouts before the league was suspended before the 2012 season. The beginning of her professional career started overseas with Finnish club Ekenäs IF in 2012, before moving to FC Honka in 2013. In two seasons with Honka she had 18 goals and 18 assists and won the Finnish Cup in 2014.
In the summer of 2015, Monahan joined up with her current team, Swedish Elitettan club Östersunds DFF. In 2016 Monahan lead her team with 11 goals and 8 assists.
She played for Women's Premier Soccer League clubs Arizona Rush in 2008 and FC Tucson Women in 2015.
Playing Style
Monahan is a versatile attacking player who typically lines up as an attacking midfielder or second striker, but also has the ability to play as a striker or an outside forward in a 4-3-3 or 4-2-3-1 formation.
References
1988 births
Living people
FC Honka (women) players
Northern Arizona Lumberjacks women's soccer players
People from Dumont, New Jersey
American women's soccer players
Soccer players from Tucson, Arizona
Ekenäs IF players
Women's association football midfielders
Women's association football forwards
Women's Premier Soccer League players
Arizona Rush players
Ballerup-Skovlunde Fodbold (women) players
Guillermo Díaz (born March 4, 1985) is a Puerto Rican professional basketball player who plays for Cangrejeros de Santurce of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN). Díaz was drafted by the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 2006, becoming the fifth Puerto Rican ever drafted by the NBA and the eighth to play there. He has also played professionally in Europe and in Puerto Rico.
Biography
University of Miami
Diaz had a stellar college career at the University of Miami, where he earned All-American status. At the University of Miami, he finished 10th on the school's all-time scoring list with 1,477 points, including 174 three-point field goals. He garnered All-Big East Team Freshman First Team honors in 2003–04 and led Miami in scoring as both a sophomore and a junior. He was named to the All-ACC Team in both his sophomore and junior years.
Los Angeles Clippers
Diaz declared his eligibility for the NBA draft following his junior year and was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers, with the 52nd overall selection in the 2006 NBA Draft. During the summers of 2006 and 2007, Diaz participated with the team in the NBA Summer Pro League.
On August 16, 2007, Diaz signed a non-guaranteed contract with the Los Angeles Clippers to 3 years $2 million, according to HOOPSHYPE.com. On October 25, Diaz was released at the conclusion of preseason, signing a free agent contract with the Anaheim Arsenal of the NBDL. Through January 8, 2008, Diaz averaged 16.6 points per game in 14 games, with 7 starts.
On January 8, 2008, Diaz was signed to a 10-day contract with the Clippers, in which he debuted against the Phoenix Suns playing 5 minutes and registering 1 rebound. On January 18, the Clippers extended his contract for an additional 10 days. Through 6 games played in the NBA, Diaz scored 5 points, grabbed 2 rebounds, and dished 1 assist in 18 minutes played. The contract was terminated on January 28, when the team decided not to offer a guaranteed contract for the remainder of the season.
NBA Summer League 2008
Guillermo Diaz was included on the Summer League roster of the Charlotte Bobcats for the NBA Summer League 2008.
Overseas career
For the 2006–07 season he played for ČEZ Basketball Nymburk in the Czech basketball league. On January 7, 2007, El Nuevo Dia reported that Diaz would not return for the second half of the season, as stated by mentor Arturo Alvarez, as Diaz wasn't able to adapt to the different lifestyle that he experienced in the Czech Republic. By the time that Diaz decided to leave the Czech league, he was the second leading scorer in the whole league, with an average of 20.1 points per game, and had led Nymburk to a 15–1 season start in the Czech League.
Diaz also played in five games with AEP Olimpiada Patron in the Greek League in 2007, tallying 13.0 points per game.
In February 2008, he signed for Pepsi Caserta, a team in the LegADue, now known as Serie A2 Basket, the second division of Italian professional basketball. He helped them win the championship in the 2008 season. For winning they were promoted to the Italian top-tier level LBA in the 2008–09 season.
Controversy with National Superior Basketball
After his departing from the Czech national league, Diaz announced that he was interested in including his name to the list of players in the Puerto Rican BSN draft. He was involved in a movement that was trying to convince the team owners of the league to avoid the implementation of a salary cap to first-year players.
However, the team owners decided to put in cap on salary of twenty five thousand dollars, which led Diaz to remove his name from the list of players. This led former owner Miguel Mercado to create a movement inciting first-year players to withdraw their names from the draft; the controversy reached a conclusion, when Mercado and the league reached an agreement. Diaz announced that he was going to skip participation in any league, and continued his participation in the Clippers Summer League team.
Real Estelí
Diaz played with Nicaraguan club Real Estelí in the 2021–22 BCL Americas.
Career stats
Domestic leagues
NBA: 6 games, 5 points (0.8 PPG), 1 assist (0.2), 2 rebounds (0.3), .250 field goal percentage and .600 free-throw percentage
NCAA Division I: 93 games, 1477 points (15.9 PPG), 238 assists (2.6), 313 rebounds (3.4), 123 steals (1.3), .448 field goal percentage, .740 free-throw, and .380 3-point.
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
References
External links
The Miami Herald's report on Diaz
Diaz's stats in the Czech Basketball League
El Nuevo Dia report about Diaz's controversy with the Puerto Rican Superior league
NBAdraft.net profile
1985 births
Living people
2010 FIBA World Championship players
American expatriate basketball people in the Czech Republic
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
Anaheim Arsenal players
Atléticos de San Germán players
Capitanes de Arecibo players
Basketball Nymburk players
Greek Basket League players
Juvecaserta Basket players
Los Angeles Clippers draft picks
Los Angeles Clippers players
Miami Hurricanes men's basketball players
National Basketball Association players from Puerto Rico
Olympias Patras B.C. players
Pallacanestro Biella players
Point guards
Real Estelí Baloncesto players
Puerto Rican expatriate basketball people
Puerto Rican expatriate basketball people in Greece
Puerto Rican expatriates in Nicaragua
Puerto Rican men's basketball players
San Lorenzo de Almagro (basketball) players
Sportspeople from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Victoria Libertas Pesaro players
was a Japanese waka poet of the mid-Heian period. His exact dates of birth and death are unknown but he flourished in the second half of the tenth century. He was one of the Thirty-six Immortals of Poetry and one of his poems was included in the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu.
Because he was a of Tango Province he is occasionally known by the nicknames and . He was known as an eccentric individual with numerous anecdotes told about him. He was not well regarded in his own time but later was recognized as a highly innovative poet, with roughly 90 of his poems appearing in imperial anthologies.
The following poem by him was No. 46 in Fujiwara no Teika's Ogura Hyakunin Isshu:
References
Bibliography
McMillan, Peter. 2010 (1st ed. 2008). One Hundred Poets, One Poem Each. New York: Columbia University Press.
Suzuki Hideo, Yamaguchi Shin'ichi, Yoda Yasushi. 2009 (1st ed. 1997). Genshoku: Ogura Hyakunin Isshu. Tokyo: Bun'eidō.
10th-century Japanese people
10th-century Japanese poets
Hyakunin Isshu poets
Advanced Life Support in Obstetrics (ALSO) is a program that was developed by the American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP). This course helps physicians, certified nurse midwives (CNM), registered nurses, and other health care providers involved in potential emergencies in the perinatal care of mothers. This course is important and even required in some hospitals for family practice physicians as well as a learning tool in most family practice residency programs. ALSO was developed by Damos and Beasley, from the Department of Family Medicine at the University of Wisconsin.
ALSO aims to decrease morbidity and mortality for both the mother and baby. ALSO does this by incorporating both didactic and practical hands on workstations with lifelike mannequins. Topics include assisted vaginal delivery, Doppler fetal monitoring, fetal dystocias, neonatal resuscitation, management premature labor, management of postpartum hemorrhage, along with forceps and vacuum-assisted delivery. Participants must pass a written test as well as a practical hands-on case management of a birth (mega-delivery) incorporating many elements learned throughout the course.
ALSO helps serve the same function as advanced trauma life support (ATLS) and advanced cardiac life support (ACLS) to help keep physicians who work with rural or underserved populations up to date on evidence-based medicine and curriculum.
Although Canadian family physicians historically followed the ALSO course, the College of Family Physicians of Canada has also developed a similar program entitled Advanced Labour and Risk Management (ALARM), which serves the same purpose as the AAFP's ALSO.
References
Emergency medicine
Obstetrics
Gynaecology
American Academy of Family Physicians
Midwifery
pl:Opieka perinatalna
St Faith's and Aylsham Rural Districts were adjacent rural districts in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1935.
They were formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on rural sanitary districts of the same names, and lay to the north of Norwich.
In 1935 some northern parts of Aylsham RD were variously transferred to Walsingham, Erpingham and Smallburgh RDs. The remainder, and the whole of St Faith's RD, were merged to form St Faith's and Aylsham Rural District. Changes to the border with Norwich County Borough were made in 1907, 1951 and 1968.
In 1974, the merged district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972, and became part of the Broadland district.
Statistics
Parishes
These parishes operated within St Faith's and Aylsham RD unless otherwise indicated.
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
Conscription in Vietnam has existed since 1975 and requires male citizens between the ages of 18 and 25 (18 to 27 for those who attend colleges or universities) to perform compulsory military service. Women are not required to perform military service, but they may voluntarily join the military.
General regulations
According to Article 4 of the Military Service Law 2015 (effective from 1 January 2016):
Military service is a glorious duty of citizens serving in the People's Army Vietnam. Performing military service includes active duty service and service in the reserve ranks of the People's Army of Vietnam.
Citizens of military service age, regardless of ethnicity, social class, belief, religion, education level, occupation, or place of residence, must perform military service in accordance with regulations of this Law.
Citizens serving in the Vietnam Coast Guard and joining the Vietnam People's Public Security are considered to have performed active military service.
Citizens falling into one of the following cases are recognized to have finished active military service in peacetime:
The core militia and self-defense force has completed the obligation to join the militia and self-defense force, of which at least 12 months have been on the duty of standing militia and self-defense force;
Complete the task of participating in the Commune Police continuously for full 36 months or more;
Cadres, civil servants, public employees, university graduates or higher who have been trained and conferred the rank of reserve officer;
Young people who have graduated from universities, colleges or intermediate schools volunteer to serve at the economic - defense delegation for full 24 months or more according to the scheme decided by the Prime Minister;
Citizens who have served on fishing vessels for full 24 months or longer.
Service length
The de jure length of compulsory military service in Vietnam is 2 years. Unlike in South Korea and other countries or territories with compulsory military service, Vietnam has a fixed enlistment date on February or March every year. The de facto period usually ends before Tết two years after enlistment (e.g. if one's military service started in February 2020 (after Tết 2020), they will be discharged before Tết 2022)
In some cases, the Minister of the Ministry of Defence may decide to extend the active service period of non-commissioned officers and soldiers, but not exceeding 6 months:
To ensure combat readiness;
In the process of preventing and combating natural disasters, epidemics, rescue and rescue.
Exemptions
These are exempt from military service:
People with disabilities
People with serious illnesses
Mentally ill people
People with chronic diseases
Salary, Allowances and Benefits
Controversies
Hazing
Unsuspicious cases
20 January 2004 – Private first-class Trần Văn Đại was attacked by six men from the Guards platoon of Regiment 209, Division 312, Corps 1st.
November 2020 – Từ Văn Nghĩa, Vương Phước Tự, Nguyễn Hữu Nghĩa and Lê Văn Vĩnh, along with some other soldiers, voluntarily left the barracks to drink alcohol. When they were discovered by their superiors and asked to disperse and return to the barracks, these soldiers beaten their superiors and comrades.
Unusual or suspected unusual cases
Since the effective of the Military Service Law 2015 (effective since 2016), there have been many deaths of draftees which their families or acquittances suspected them to be unusual:
See also
Military service
References
Vietnam
Military of Vietnam
Janet Mary Riley (September 20, 1915 – July 5, 2008) was an American civil rights activist and first female law professor in New Orleans. Riley dedicated her career to social justice reform, where her proposed "equal management" in reference to community property law was adopted by the Louisiana legislature in 1978 and formally incorporated into the Civil Code in 1980. In addition, Janet Mary Riley heavily involved herself with activism regarding the civil rights movement.
Education
Riley obtained a B.A. from Ursuline College, the sister college to Loyola University New Orleans and, years later, a B.S. in Library science from Louisiana State University. She later earned a law degree from Loyola University New Orleans College of Law and an L.L.M from the University of Virginia.
Academic and legal career
Riley taught in the New Orleans Public School System for a short time following her first college degree. After receiving her Library science degree, she became a librarian at the New Orleans Public Library and later an assistant at Loyola's library. During World War II , Riley, like many other women at the time, supported her community by joining the war's cause. She became a librarian in the special services, and returned to her job at Loyola after the war.
In 1945 she began to oversee Loyola's law library , also taking law courses in the evening, graduating with a J.D. in 1952 and being admitted to the bar in 1953. She was then was offered a position as law faculty, but at a lower salary than what she'd made as a librarian. Riley took the job as she would be on a 10 month salary (instead of 12) and could aspire to professor status, whereas as a librarian she could only hope to reach assistant professor. She was subsequently hired as a full-time law professor, making her the first female law professor in New Orleans, and only the seventh in the nation. As a professor, Riley encountered sexist behavior from her male legal students, who did not expect to see a woman in the classroom, as well as from colleagues, where she would often hear an opinion she'd expressed (and that had been ignored) later lauded when it came from another (male) colleague.
Riley served on the legal team that defended four people, three of them African-American, who were arrested for sitting at a "whites only" lunch counter at McCrory's in 1960. Riley wrote the brief for the case, Lombard vs. Louisiana, and it was eventually overturned by the Supreme Court, setting a precedent for striking down segregation laws and practices.
In 1971, after she began to teach Community property law, Riley published the case book Louisiana Community Property: Cases and Material on Louisiana Property Law of Marriage. As a result, in 1973 she was asked to chair the subcommittee studying the matrimonial regimes section of the Louisiana Civil Code. At the time, the Louisiana Civil Code "Head and Master" rule gave the husband sole control over community property. Riley actively campaigned for change in the law, speaking to women's groups and at conferences. The Equal Management Law was eventually passed in 1979, and took effect in 1980.
Activism
In addition to her legal work concerning Community property and segregation, Riley also volunteered with the Civil Rights Movement. She served on the Commission on Human Rights of the Catholic Committee of the South, led by Jesuit sociologist, author, social reformer, and Loyola colleague Joseph H. Fichter, S.J. The Commission helped implement the 1953 Archdiocese's order forbidding any further racial segregation in Catholic Churches. In 1947 she served on the Board of Editors for the Louisiana Library Association Bulletin, where she advocated for the admission of African American librarians without limitation to the association. She was also a member of the Community Relations Council, a bi-racial group focused on the integration of public spaces such as playgrounds and restaurants in New Orleans.
Personal life
Riley was a member of a pontifical secular institute called The Society of Our Lady of the Way where members took vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience.
Legacy
Loyola University New Orleans established the Janet Mary Riley Distinguished Professorship in 2002 from funds donated by Riley and her colleagues. On May 13, 2005, Riley received an Honorary Degree from the Loyola University New Orleans College of Law. Riley's personal papers are held at the Loyola University New Orleans Special Collections & Archives.
Riley's life and work were the subject of an exhibit, "Janet Mary Riley: A Voice for Social Justice in Louisiana," in Special Collections & Archives; a lecture by historian Janet Allured, "Janet Mary Riley: An Angel With Teeth;" and a "Letters Read" event.
References
External links
Recording of Letters Read event of Janet Mary Riley letters
Digital exhibit for "Janet Mary Riley: A Voice for Social Justice in Louisiana
Finding aid for the Janet Mary Riley Papers at Loyola University New Orleans
Oral history interview with Janet Mary Riley on the Louisiana Bar Foundation website
1915 births
2008 deaths
American Roman Catholics
Loyola University New Orleans alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
Loyola University New Orleans College of Law alumni
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
American civil rights activists
American women academics
American legal scholars
Lawyers from New Orleans
Women legal scholars
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Salchow may refer to:
Ulrich Salchow (1877–1949), Swedish figure skater
Salchow jump, a figure skating jump named after him
Irving Middle School could be referring to the following:
Washington Irving Middle School (Los Angeles) - Los Angeles, California
Irving Middle School Nebraska - Lincoln, Nebraska
Washington Irving Middle School (Springfield) - Springfield, Virginia
Hamblen Drive is a scenic road located approximately south of Claude, Texas, United States, in Armstrong County. Hamblen Drive itself is a section of Texas State Highway 207, which cuts through Palo Duro Canyon and crosses the Prairie Dog Town Fork Red River. The road is named for Will H. Hamblen (1876–1952) ) who, with his family, first moved to the Palo Duro Canyon area in 1890. He married his wife, Ada, in 1900 and together they ranched near Wayside, Texas after 1905.
In the 1890s, Hamblen helped his father haul cedar posts cut from Palo Duro Canyon to Amarillo, Texas to sell for three cents apiece. The journey was made over old Indian trails through the canyon. During these trips Hamblen began to create a crude road, which made it a bit easier to make the trip to Amarillo, and cut approximately 120 miles of the journey to the courthouse in Claude, Texas. This crude road was steep and dangerous, and Hamblen still wanted better roads for the settlers to use. He worked for many years to get a road built through the canyon. In 1928 he was elected county commissioner and a graded road was built. In 1930, the commissioner's court dedicated the road as Hamblen Drive, and paved it in 1954.
In 1968 the State Historical Survey Committee placed a historical marker (marker number 4284) atop a scenic overlook on the cliff of the Palo Duro Canyon. The marker is located at 34° 47.899′ N, 101° 26.16′ W.
References
External links
Roadside Park on Hamblen Drive
Texas Historical Commission
The Handbook of Texas Online
The S.P. Hamblen Family
Roads in Texas
Transportation in Armstrong County, Texas
Brandon Baddock (born March 29, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger for the Iowa Wild in the American Hockey League (AHL), while under contract to the Minnesota Wild in the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted 161st overall by the New Jersey Devils in the sixth round of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft and formerly played for the Binghamton Devils and Laval Rocket.
Playing career
Junior
After playing minor hockey in the Alberta Major Bantam Hockey League (AMBHL), Baddock was drafted 134th overall by the Edmonton Oil Kings in the seventh round of the 2010 WHL Bantam Draft. He played two more seasons in the Alberta Minor Midget Hockey League (AMMHL) and in the Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) before making his Western Hockey League (WHL) debut.
Baddock made his WHL debut on November 19, 2011, in a 5–2 loss against the Lethbridge Hurricanes. In his second WHL appearance on September 20, 2012, he scored his first WHL goal in a 5–3 win against the Kootenay Ice. Overall, he played 59 games with seven goals and four assists in his rookie WHL season, en route to a WHL Championship final appearance. In the 2013–14 WHL season, he played 56 games with six goals and 11 assists, en route to the Oil Kings' fourth Ed Chynoweth Cup and first Memorial Cup. Prior to the 2014–15 WHL season, Baddock was named alternate captain of the Oil Kings, scoring 19 goals and 21 assists in 71 games played. In his final WHL season, he was selected as captain, scoring 22 goals and 13 assists in 68 games played.
Professional
After being drafted 161st overall by the New Jersey Devils in the sixth round of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, Baddock signed a three-year entry-level contract with the Devils on June 1, 2016.
On January 29, 2017, the Devils' AHL affiliate, the Albany Devils, reassigned him to their ECHL affiliate, the Adirondack Thunder. The same day, he made his professional debut for the Thunder, in a 3–2 win against the Elmira Jackals. He ultimately appeared in 21 games with four assists in his rookie professional season for the Thunder. On October 7, 2017, he made his AHL debut for the Binghamton Devils in a 2–1 win against the Bridgeport Sound Tigers. On October 28, 2017, he scored his first professional goal in a 2–1 win against the Springfield Thunderbirds, playing 53 games with three goals and four assists in the 2017–18 AHL season. The following season, he played 67 games with three goals, seven assists and was the 2018–19 AHL season penalty infraction minute leader.
On July 15, 2019, the New Jersey Devils re-signed Baddock to a one-year two-way contract. He played 50 games with six goals and nine assists in the shortened AHL season.
On October 9, 2020, the Montreal Canadiens signed Baddock to a one-year two-way contract. He was promoted to the Canadiens' taxi squad in the 2020–21 season, however, he never appeared in an NHL game. He also appeared in 25 games with two goals and three assists for the Canadiens' AHL affiliate, Laval Rocket, in the 2020–21 AHL season.
On July 27, 2021, the Canadiens re-signed Baddock to a one-year two-way contract. After injuries and a COVID-19 outbreak on the Canadiens' roster, he made his NHL debut on December 30, 2021, in a 4–0 loss against the Carolina Hurricanes. He was placed on the COVID-19 protocol the following day.
On February 12, 2022, Baddock was traded by the Canadiens to the Minnesota Wild in exchange for Andrew Hammond.
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Adirondack Thunder players
Binghamton Devils players
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Edmonton Oil Kings players
Iowa Wild players
Laval Rocket players
Montreal Canadiens players
New Jersey Devils draft picks
Keever–Cansler Farm, also known as the Daniel Keever Farm, is a historic farm and national historic district located near Blackburn, Catawba County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 5 contributing buildings. The main house was built in 1879, and is a two-story, brick, I-house dwelling. Also on the property are the contributing granary, frame barn (c. 1920), log barn, and smokehouse / wood shed.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1879
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
The Hunter 34 is an American sailboat, that was designed by Cortland Steck.
Production
The boat was built by Hunter Marine in the United States between 1983 and 1987, but it is now out of production.
Design
The Hunter 34 is a small recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead B&R rig, an internally-mounted spade-type rudder and a fixed fin keel. It displaces and carries of iron ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and with the optional shoal draft keel. It has a hull speed of .
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar 3GM diesel engine. The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
Variants
Hunter 34
This model has a full fin keel, giving a draft of . The boat has a PHRF racing average handicap of 153 with a high of 156 and low of 147.
Hunter 34 SD
This model has a shoal draft keel, giving a draft of . The boat has a PHRF racing average handicap of 147 with a high of 159 and low of 135.
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Hunter 36
Similar sailboats
Beneteau 331
Beneteau First Class 10
C&C 34
C&C 34/36
Catalina 34
Coast 34
Columbia 34
Columbia 34 Mark II
Creekmore 34
Crown 34
CS 34
Express 34
San Juan 34
Sea Sprite 34
Sun Odyssey 349
Tartan 34 C
Tartan 34-2
Viking 34
References
External links
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat types built by Hunter Marine
Sailboat type designs by Cortland Steck
Brian Marshall Allard (born January 3, 1958) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Texas Rangers (-) and Seattle Mariners (). His fastball was 90-95 mph. He also threw a curveball, slider, and changeup. He lives in Washington.
Professional career
Texas Rangers
Allard was selected by Texas Rangers in fourth round, 84th overall, of 1976 Major League Baseball Draft.
He made his debut with the Rangers on August 8, against the Detroit Tigers at the age of 21. Allard went two innings, giving up two earned runs on two hits in that game. He finished the '79 seasons going 1-3 in seven games, four for starts, with a 4.32 ERA.
In Allard went 0-1 for the Rangers with a 5.65 ERA in five games, two for starts.
Seattle Mariners
On December 12, , Allard was traded by the Rangers along with Steve Finch, Rick Auerbach, Ken Clay, Jerry Don Gleaton and Richie Zisk to the Seattle Mariners for Larry Cox, Rick Honeycutt, Willie Horton, Mario Mendoza and Leon Roberts.
In Allard started seven games for the Mariners, including a start against the Cleveland Indians' Len Barker. Barker had thrown a perfect game in his previous start. Allard out dueled Barker, combining with relief pitcher Shawn Rawley to pitch a three-hit game.
Allard went on to finish the '81 seasons with a 3-2 record with a 3.75 ERA in seven games, all for starts. This would be his last season at the Major League level.
References
External links
Retrosheet
1958 births
Living people
Asheville Tourists players
Baseball players from Illinois
Charleston Charlies players
Gulf Coast Rangers players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Spring Valley, Illinois
Salt Lake City Gulls players
Seattle Mariners players
Spokane Indians players
Texas Rangers players
Tigres de Aragua players
Tucson Toros players
Tulsa Drillers players
Edward Lea (January 31, 1837 – January 1, 1863), was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War. He was mortally wounded at the Battle of Galveston and died in the arms of his father, who was on the opposing side in the conflict.
Biography
Lea was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Army engineer Albert Miller Lea and Ellen Shoemaker. He entered the Naval Academy at Annapolis on October 2, 1851, graduating on June 9, 1855, with the rank of midshipman. Lea was employed in active service on various stations, receiving promotion to passed midshipman on April 15, 1858, to master on November 4, 1858, and to lieutenant on November 22, 1860.
Lea was serving aboard the , flagship of the East India Squadron, when the Civil War broke out in 1861. The ship was recalled, eventually arriving in Delaware Bay in December. Lea was soon reassigned to the , then attached to the Potomac Flotilla, but was soon reassigned in her to the Gulf Blockading Squadron, where he took part in operations leading to the capture of New Orleans in April 1862. Lea was subsequently promoted to lieutenant commander on July 16, 1862. Harriet Lane pushed further up the Mississippi that July to engage enemy batteries around Vicksburg, and was then assigned to the blockade of Galveston, which she helped capture in October 1862 in the Battle of Galveston Harbor.
When Confederate forces retook Galveston on 1 January 1863, Lea, serving as the first officer (XO) of Harriet Lane, was wounded in the abdomen and side. He subsequently succumbed to his wounds in the arms of his father, who was serving as a major of artillery in the Confederate Army, and who had witnessed the capture of the Harriet Lane by the gunboat from shore, and had rushed to the ship to find his son dying.
Lea and his captain, Jonathan M. Wainwright were buried together at the Trinity Episcopal Cemetery in Galveston. After the war Wainwright was re-interred at the Naval Academy Cemetery in Annapolis, but when a relative suggested that Lea's remains be reburied next to his mother in the Green Mount Cemetery, Baltimore, Albert Lea refused, stating that his son would have preferred to remain where he had fallen in battle.
Namesake
The destroyer was named for him, as is Camp #2 of the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War in Houston.
References
External links
1837 births
1863 deaths
Union Navy officers
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Navy officers
People of Maryland in the American Civil War
Union military personnel killed in the American Civil War
Military personnel from Baltimore
Sugarloaf Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, northeast of Old Forge.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Paekkŭmsan station is a railway station in Paekkŭmsan-dong, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened on 4 December 1943 along with the rest of the Tongam–Paekkŭmsan section of the line; the station was originally called Yongyang station (Chosōn'gŭl:용양역; Hanja: 龍陽駅), receiving its current name after the establishment of the DPRK.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Valencia is the only genus in the family Valenciidae. Valencia is a genus of ray-finned fishes. It is sometimes grouped into the family Cyprinodontidae. Members of this genus are restricted to southern Europe.
Species
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:
Valencia hispanica (Valenciennes, 1846) (Valencia toothcarp)
Valencia letourneuxi (Sauvage, 1880) (Corfu toothcarp)
Valencia robertae Freyhof, Kärst & Geiger, 2014
References
External links
Freshwater fish genera
Taxa named by George S. Myers
Robert Ford Gagen , also known as R. F. Gagen and as Robert F. Gagen, (May10, 1847March02, 1926) was a Canadian painter of seascapes and landscapes.
Biography
]
Robert Ford Gagen, was born in London, England. He came to Canada with his parents in 1862, and settled at Harpurhey, now Seaforth, in Huron County, Ontario. William Nicoll Cresswell, an artist who lived near Seaforth, began to teach him drawing and painting in 1863. Afterwards, Gagen went to Toronto and entered a painting class with George Gilbert. In 1872, John Arthur Fraser hired Gagen to work at Notman and Fraser as a painter of water color portraits and miniatures on a photographic base: he remained there till 1878.
Gagen painted sea and river studies and travelled widely to do so, favoring the Maritime Provinces and the shore of St. Lawrence in Quebec as well as Maine and Massachusetts in the United States. In 1890, he painted the Rockies and the Selkirks and in 1906, Scotland and Switzerland. In 1910, he returned to painting the St. Lawrence. In 1918, the Canadian War Memorials Fund asked him to record the shipbuilding underway in Toronto, Ontario. He exhibited his work in the many societies of which he was a member almost every year from the time he joined them. In 1927, a year after he died, there was an exhibition and sale of his work at Eaton's. His work is included today in exhibitions of Canadian art, such as Stone and Sky: Canada's Mountain Landscape, at the Audain Art Museum in Whistler, B.C. in 2018 and is in many collections such as the National Gallery of Canada and Art Gallery of Ontario.
Honours and distinctions
Gagen was one of the founders of the Ontario Society of Artists in 1872. He became the Society`s long-term secretary (1889-1926).
In 1880, he was elected an Associate of the Royal Canadian Academy; he became a full member in 1915. In 1893, he was appointed one of the Canadian Fine Arts Commissioners to the World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago. He acted in the same capacity at the Pan-American Exposition, Buffalo, 1901, where he was awarded honorable mention and at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, St. Louis, 1904. He was also Director of the Fine Arts Exhibitions for the Canadian National Exhibition, appointed from 1904 on, and Secretary of the Commission in 1912. He occupied both these posts till his death in 1926. He was a member of the Board of the Central Ontario School of Art and Design, and later a member of the council of the Ontario College of Art. He helped found the Canadian Society of Painters in Water Colour in 1926 and served as President (1925–1926), and was a charter member of the Arts and Letters Club of Toronto, later serving as its president (1918–1920).
Gagen was the author of Ontario Art Chronicle, ca. 1919, a typed manuscript in the collection of The Edward P. Taylor Library & Archives of the Art Gallery of Ontario in Toronto.
Gagen died in Toronto on 2 March 1926. The Toronto Daily Star report of the funeral said, "The assemblage of so many painters, architects, writers, musicians, sculptors and university professors as well as associate members demonstrated how widespread was the influence of this remarkable old artist whose art and mentality had always kept the vigor of eternal youth."
References
Bibliography
1847 births
1926 deaths
19th-century Canadian painters
20th-century Canadian painters
Members of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts
Slovenia competed at the 2019 Military World Games held in Wuhan, China from 18 to 27 October 2019.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
2019 Military World Games Results
Nations at the 2019 Military World Games
Military
Crevenna is the surname of the following persons:
Alfredo B. Crevenna, Mexican film director
Richard Crevenna, Austrian medicine and university professor
Luka Radelić (born March 8, 1981 in Split) is a Croatian sailor. Radelic represented Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he competed for the Laser class. He placed twelfth out of forty-three Laser sailors at the end of ten preliminary races in this event, with a score of 101 net points.
Radelic achieved his best results in Laser sailing by winning the championship title at the 2005 International New Year's Regatta – Laser Europa Cup in Hvar. He is also a member of Mornar Sailing Club in his home city Split, and is coached and trained by Nenad Viali.
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1981 births
Living people
Croatian male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Croatia
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Piano Sonata in F major, K. 547a (Anh. 135) is a sonata in two movements. It was originally published as an original sonata by Breitkopf and Härtel in 1799 but was soon found to be an amalgam of movements culled from other compositions. It is sometimes called Mozart's Piano Sonata No. 19.
Movements
The work has two movements:
The set of six keyboard variations on an original Andante, KV 54/547b/Anh.138a are sometimes played as an additional third movement to this piece. These variations are themselves also transcribed from the same violin sonata (K. 547) as the Allegro with its fourth variation (which was violin-centric in the original) re-written.
See also
Piano Sonata in B-flat major, K. 498a (Mozart)
Notes
External links
(Third movement, K. 54/547b)
The Complete Mozart Piano Sonatas / Rodrian - MIDI files of the work. Here this sonata is moved into the canon and is placed as Piano Sonata No. 16, thus pushing the Sonata facile down to No. 17.
Piano Sonata 547a
Compositions in F major
Compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart published posthumously
Mozart: spurious and doubtful works
The 1992 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament was held in March at Kemper Arena in Kansas City, Missouri. The 55th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format.
Awards and honors
Leading scorers:
Leading rebounder:
Player of the Year: est. 1994.
1992 NAIA bracket
* denotes overtime.
See also
1992 NAIA Division I women's basketball tournament
1992 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament
1992 NCAA Division II men's basketball tournament
1992 NCAA Division III men's basketball tournament
1992 NAIA Division II men's basketball tournament
References
Tournament
NAIA Men's Basketball Championship
NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament
NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament
Bayou Caviar is a 2018 American neo-noir drama film directed by Cuba Gooding Jr. and written by Eitan Gorlin and Gooding. The film stars Gooding, Famke Janssen, Richard Dreyfuss, with Gregg Bello, Ken Lerner, Sam Thakur, Katharine McPhee, and Lia Marie Johnson in supporting roles. Russian hockey player Alexei Kovalev makes an appearance in the film. This film marks Gooding's first time as director.
Plot
Rodney (Gooding) is a former boxing star reduced to working as a bouncer, a job that eventually brings him into contact with Yuri (Dreyfuss), a Russian gangster whose preferred method for the disposal of dead bodies is in the form of "bayou caviar," which is food left to the alligators in the Louisiana swamps.
Rodney's task is to provide compromising evidence on the son-in-law of the gangster's business associate, a blackmail scheme that if executed properly, could rebound to the benefit of several people, including a fame-hungry teenager Kat (Lia Marie Johnson) and lesbian photographer Nic (Famke Janssen).
Cast
Cuba Gooding Jr. as Rodney Jones
Famke Janssen as Nic
Richard Dreyfuss as Yuri
Gregg Bello as Isaac
Ken Lerner as Shlomo
Sam Thakur as Rafi
Katharine McPhee as Shelly
Lia Marie Johnson as Kat
Kedrick Brown as Emmanuel Johnson
James Moses Black as Sasha
Filming
Principal photography began on June 19, 2017.
References
External links
2018 films
2018 drama films
American drama films
2018 directorial debut films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The 1989 FIVB Women's World Cup was held from 7 to 14 November 1989 in Japan.
Teams
Results
|}
|}
Final standing
Awards
Most Valuable Player
Mireya Luis
Best Spiker
Mireya Luis
Best Blocker
Magaly Carvajal
Best Setter
Kumi Nakada
Best Defender
Ichiko Sato
Best Server
Chang Yoon-hee
Best Receiver
Monica Lueg
Best Coach
Antonio Perdomo
Spirit of Fight
Mayumi Saito
External links
Results
1989 Women's
Women's World Cup
V
V
November 1989 sports events in Asia
Women's volleyball in Japan
The 1962–63 Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball team was an NCAA University Division college basketball team competing in the Mid-American Conference. They finished with 19 wins and 8 losses, and in conference play, they led the MAC with 9 wins and 3 losses. In the 1963 NCAA tournament, they beat Notre Dame in the Mideast regional quarterfinal before falling to Illinois in the regional semifinal.
Roster
References
Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball seasons
Bowling Green
Bowling Green
Bowling Green
Ten O'Clock Classics (TOC) is an American group of classical musicians established in 2000. Its founder and current artistic director, Ronen (Ronnie) Segev, was educated at the High School for Performing Visual Arts (HSPVA) in Houston, Texas before moving to Juilliard, where he studied under classical pianist and professor of music Veda Kaplinsky.
Ten O'Clock Classics have performed in venues throughout the world, including Cortot Hall in Paris and the Melbourne International Arts Festival. TOC's outreach concerts include performances at Studio 54, Gotham Properties, Crunch Fitness, The Knitting Factory, The Cutting Room, MAKOR, Le Cirque, and Union Square Ballroom.
The group's educational initiatives include providing weekly private music lessons and instruments free of charge to New York City schoolchildren, and performances and lectures at schools throughout the United States.
In April 2009, Billy Joel, one of the group's board members, auctioned off an autographed Steinway piano to raise funds for the education component of the program. In September 2009 Justin Timberlake made a donation.
References
External links
American classical music groups
High School for the Performing and Visual Arts alumni
The Golden Goblet Outstanding Artistic Achievement (Chinese: 金爵奖最佳艺术贡献奖) is a special jury prize awarded to films in the main category of competition at the Shanghai International Film Festival.
Award Winners
References
Lists of films by award
Shanghai International Film Festival
Amblypharyngodon chulabhornae, the princess carplet, is a species of carplet in the family Cyprinidae from mainland south-east Asia.
Description
Amblypharyngodon chulabhornae has 10 soft rays in the dorsal fin with 8 in the anal fin, it has 31-32 vertebrae. It is distinguished from other species in the genus Amblypharyngodon in having a smaller number scales on the lateral row, 42-50 in A. chulabhornae compared to 50-79 in other species in the genus, likewise this species has 6-7 perforated scales along its lateral line and 4-5 scales on a transverse row situated along the normal course of the lateral line in other fish and the pelvic fin base. The body is golden in colour, with a blue eye and lacks a barbel. Its maximum standard length is 30-40mm but mature females grow a little larger than the males and have a more rounded belly.
Habitat and distribution
Amblypharyngodon chulabhornae can be found in shallow standing water such as within paddy fields and in ditches, preferring vegetated areas with growths of floating and emergent vegetation as well seasonally flooded terrestrial grasses. It is found in the Chao Phraya and Mekong basin in Thailand, Laos and Cambodia, as well the Mae Klong basins and river systems in southeast Thailand extending into the upper Thai-Malay peninsula. It may have been introduced to Singapore and appears to be established there.
Habits
Amblypharyngodon chulabhornae probably feeds small invertebrates, zooplankton and algae. They are sociable fish and prefer to live in small schools. they breed by spawning, most likely scattering the eggs on the substrate and showing no care thereafter.
Conservation
It is still common and is treated as being of "Least Concern" by the IUCN but population in some areas appear to be in declining such as on Chae Phraya in Thauland while in waters around Phnom Penh the species remains common. It does not appear in the local fishmarkets but may be consumed by subsistence fishermen, and the main threat appears to be pollution. It is rare in the aquarium trade and if it is offered for sale in that trade this is probably as a result of bycatch by fishermen hunting other species.
Etymology
The generic name derives from the Ancient Greek amblús meaning "blunted", pháruks meaning throat and odṓn meaning "toothed" in referenced to the shape of the pharyngeal teeth, the specific name is in honour of H.R.H. Princess Chulabhorn Mahidol of Thailand in recognition of her interest in and patronage of the sciences and technology.
References
Amblypharyngodon
Taxa named by Chavalit Vidthayanon
Fish described in 1990
Taxa named by Maurice Kottelat
Anna Leszczyńska may refer to:
Anna Leszczyńska (1660–1727), Polish noble lady and the mother of King of Poland Stanisław I Leszczyński
Anna Leszczyńska (1699–1717), the eldest daughter of King Stanisław Leszczyński of Poland (later Duke of Lorraine) and Katarzyna Opalińsk
The Arthur W. Page Center for Integrity in Public Communication is a research center at the Donald P. Bellisario College of Communications at the Pennsylvania State University. The center is dedicated to the study and advancement of ethics and responsibility in all forms of public communication.
History
The center is named for Arthur W. Page, widely regarded as the founder of modern corporate public relations, whose views have been distilled into the Page Principles: (1) tell the truth; (2) prove it with action; (3) listen to stakeholders; (4) manage for tomorrow; (5) conduct public relations as if the whole enterprise depends on it; (6) realize that an enterprise's true character is expressed by its people; and (7) remain calm, patient and good-humored.
Bringing the center to Penn State was the idea of alumnus Lawrence G. Foster, who retired as corporate vice-president of public relations at Johnson & Johnson. The launch was made possible by a $300,000 gift he and his wife Ellen made to the college. Foster worked on the project with Edward M. Block, retired vice-president of public relations at AT&T, and John A. Koten, retired senior vice president of corporate communications at Ameritech. All three played leading roles in the formation of The Arthur W. Page Society, which functions as a separate entity.
The Arthur W. Page Center Awards
The Page Center annually honors individuals who, over the course of their careers, have demonstrated consistent and fervent commitment to the concept of “truth well told." Three icons of the profession are recognized each February at an awards dinner held in New York City. Hundreds of professionals attend as the honorees are given a Larry Foster Award for Integrity in Public Communication, named after the center's founder. Past honorees include Ann Barkelew, Dick Martin, Alan Murray, Bill George, Gwen Ifill, John Onoda, Dean Baquet, Marilyn Laurie, John Rowe, Gene Foreman, Ginger Hardage, Thomas Kean Anthony Fauci, Bill Heyman, Eugene Robinson, and Judy Woodruff. The 2022 Arthur W. Page Center Awards honored Christiane Amanpour, Kenneth Chenault and Andy Polansky.
Research and projects
The Page Center seeks to foster a modern understanding and application of the Page principles and Robert Wood Johnson's business philosophy by supporting innovative research, educational or public service projects in a variety of academic disciplines and professional fields.
Page/Johnson legacy scholars
Since its founding, the center has awarded more than $1 million to scholars and professionals throughout the world to support research that makes important contributions to knowledge, practice or public understanding of ethics and responsibility in public communication. Annually, the center releases a call for proposals within a specific topic. Past topics include, sustainability, ethics of care, corporate social advocacy, organization listening, fake news, corporate social responsibility, stakeholder engagement, digital ethics and more.
Ethics Training
The Page Center offers free, online modules that cover 12 ethics topics in public relations. The modules were created by Page Center scholars and feature lessons, case studies, videos and quizzes. The lessons are designed to help instructors incorporate ethics into their college-level communications courses.
Topics include:
Introduction to public relations ethics
Core ethical principles
Professional codes of ethics
Ethical decision making
Digital ethics
Ethics in a global context
Transparency
Corporate social responsibility
Ethics in crisis communication
Introduction to diversity in public relations
Media framing and ethics
Ethical implications of fake news for PR professionals
Oral history collection
Printable transcripts, streaming video, and searchable indexed content provide history, analysis and individual comment on public relations and the media from the luminaries in the field. To date, the Center has conducted 31 interviews and has transcribed and indexed many acquired videos from the Arthur W. Page Society and other contributors.
Page archive
The Page Center also has an archive for Page's previously uncollected papers and memorabilia and related research materials in the area of ethics in public communication and corporate responsibility.
References
Business ethics organizations
Although the Albanian language is the dominant language in Kosovo, equal status is given to Serbian and special status is given to other minority languages. The legislative framework for the protection and promotion of minority languages follows the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities and the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages, even though the country is not a member of the Council of Europe. However, a lack of political will to enforce the law by Kosovo's institutions and the continued separation of Serb and Albanian communities impede the actual enjoyment of minority language rights.
The Assembly of Kosovo adopted the Law on the Use of Languages in 2006, which committed Kosovo's institutions to ensuring the equal use of Albanian and
Serbian as the official languages in Kosovo. Other languages can also gain recognition at municipal level as official languages if the linguistic community represents at least 5% of the total population within the municipality. Additionally, the Law on the Use of Languages gives Turkish the status of an official language in the municipality of Prizren, irrespective of the size of the Turkish community living there. Although both Albanian and Serbian are official languages, municipal civil servants are only required to speak one of them in a professional setting and, according to Language Commissioner of Kosovo Slaviša Mladenović statement from 2015, no organizations have all of their documents in both languages.
Notes and references
Notes:
References:
External links
Office of Language Commissioner
Languages of Kosovo
Kosovo
Sthenistis is a monotypic moth genus in the family Immidae. Its only species, Sthenistis gyrtoniformis, is found in Sri Lanka. Both the genus and species were described by George Hampson in 1896.
The wingspan is about . The forewings are pale brown, thickly marked with short dark brown streaks in the interspaces, the inner margin paler, also the outer area except towards the costa. There are traces of an antemedial line appearing as a wedge-shaped mark on the inner margin and there is a dark speck at the lower angle of the cell, with an obscure oblique line from it to the inner margin. The hindwings are fuscous brown. Females have broader forewings, with the inner and outer areas prominently paler.
References
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Monotypic moth genera
Quartz gabbro is an intrusive rock with a composition intermediate between gabbro and tonalite. It is defined in the QAPF classification as coarse-grained igneous rock in which quartz makes up 5% to 20% of the QAPF mineral fraction, plagioclase makes up 90% or more of the total feldspar content, and the plagioclase is calcium-rich (%An > 50).
References
Plutonic rocks
The Weaver Viaduct, in the north of Cheshire on the M56, is one of the longest concrete viaducts on the British motorway network.
History
It was built as part of the first section of the M56 North Cheshire Motorway, also initially known as the Cheshire East-West Motorway, five miles from junctions 14 Hapsford Interchange to 12 at the A557.
Design
It was designed from 1964-67. It was designed by Husband and Company Consulting Engineers of Sheffield.
Construction
Work began on the eight-mile motorway in December 1968. The bridge crosses a flood plain. The construction of the five-mile motorway was completed in December 1970. The five-mile motorway opened for traffic on 21 February 1971. The section to Preston Brook at junction 11 opened in September 1971.
Structure
Due to its position, on the eastern edge of the exposed Cheshire Plain, there can be high crosswinds over the bridge, and the bridge may be closed as a result. Many high-sided vehicles have had accidents on the bridge.
It has a 222 ft span over the River Weaver and a 125 ft span over the Weaver Navigation. There are 30 approach spans of 90 ft each.
References
External links
History
1970 establishments in England
Bridges completed in 1970
Bridges in Cheshire
Cheshire West and Chester
Concrete bridges in the United Kingdom
M56 motorway
Motorway bridges in England
Silnyy or Silny (, "Strong") was a Soviet Navy Project 1135 Burevestnik-class Large Anti-Submarine Ship (, BPK) or Krivak-class frigate. Displacing full load, the vessel was built around the Metel anti-submarine missile system. Launched on 29 August 1972, Silnyy served with the Baltic Fleet. The vessel undertook a number of visits to nations friendly to the Soviet Union, including Cape Verde, Cuba, East Germany and Poland. In 1976, while escorting the aircraft carrier , the ship had a close encounter with the cruiser , although neither vessel was damaged. Silnyy was taken out of service for repairs in 1990. However, lack of funds meant that, instead, the ship was decommissioned on 30 June 1994 and broken up.
Design and development
Silnyy was one of twenty-one Project 1135 Burevestnik (, "Petrel")-class ships launched between 1970 and 1981. Project 1135 was envisaged by the Soviet Navy as a less expensive complement to the Project 1134A Berkut A (NATO reporting name 'Kresta II') and Project 1134B Berkut B (NATO reporting name 'Kara') classes of anti-submarine cruisers, called Large Anti-Submarine Ships (, BPK) by the Soviets.
The design was originally given to the TsKB-340 design bureau of Zelenodolsk, which had created the earlier Project 159 (NATO reporting name 'Petya') and Project 35 (NATO reporting name 'Mirka') classes. However, the expansion in the United States Navy ballistic missile submarine fleet and the introduction of longer-ranged and more accurate submarine-launched ballistic missiles led to a revisit of the project to deal with the new threat. The work was transferred to the TsKB-53 bureau in Leningrad who produced a substantially larger and more capable design. The design, created by N. P. Sobolov, combined a powerful missile armament with good seakeeping for a blue water role and shared the same BPK designation as the larger ships. This was amended to Guard Ship (, SKR) from 28 July 1977 to reflect the change in Soviet strategy of creating protected areas for friendly submarines close to the coast. NATO forces called the new class 'Krivak'-class frigates.
Displacing standard and full load, Silnyy was long overall, with a beam of and a draught of . Power was provided by two M7 power sets, each consisting of a combination of a DK59 and a M62 gas turbine linked in a COGAG arrangement and driving one fixed-pitch propeller. Each set was capable of a maximum of . Design speed was and range was at . The ship's complement was 197, including 23 officers.
Silnyy initially had a primary mission of anti-submarine warfare and for this end was equipped with four URPK-3 Metel missiles (NATO reporting name SS-N-14 'Silex'), backed up by two quadruple torpedo tube mounts for torpedoes and a pair of RBU-6000 Smerch-2 anti-submarine rocket launchers. Defence against aircraft was provided by forty 4K33 OSA-M (SA-N-4 'Gecko') surface-to-air missiles which were launched from two sets of ZIF-122 launchers, each capable of launching two missiles. Two twin AK-726 guns were mounted aft and two single mounts for 21-KM guns were carried on the superstructure. Provision was made for carrying 18 mines.
Silnyy had a well-equipped sensor suite, including a single MR-310A 'Angara-A' air/surface search radar, 'Volga' and 'Don-2' navigation radars, MP-401S 'Start-S' ESM radar system and 'Spectrum-F' laser warning system. An extensive sonar complex was fitted, including MG-332 'Titan-2', which was mounted in a bow radome, and MG-325 'Vega'. The latter was a towed-array sonar specifically developed for the class and had a range of up to . The ship was also equipped with the PK-16 decoy-dispenser system.
Construction and career
Silnyy was laid down at the Yantar Shipyard in Kaliningrad on 15 March 1971, the third of the class to be constructed by the shipbuilder, and was given the yard number 154. The vessel was named for a Russian word which can be translated strong or fiery. Launched on 29 August 1972 and commissioned on 30 June the following year, the ship joined the Baltic Fleet.
In October 1974, Silnyy undertook the first of what would be a number of visits to friendly nations. On 5 October, the vessel arrived at Gdynia along with sister ship , staying for four days. Silnyy returned on 26 June 1975 and staying for another five days. The ship also ventured further, crossing the Atlantic Ocean and, between 22 and 27 August 1976 and 11 and 15 October 1985, visited Havana, Cuba. On 10 October 1988, Silnyy started a four day visit to Praia, Cape Verde, and between 5 and 9 October 1989, could be found at Rostock in East Germany. The vessel also visited Nigeria, hosting a local deputation onboard. The visits were termed "friendly" and were frequently part of a wider programme of activity and cultural exchange.
On 26 July 1976, the vessel was escorting the aircraft carrier when the US Navy cruiser , which was shadowing the flotilla, approached closely. The US warship claimed that the Soviet ship "shouldered" it, which the Soviets denied. Neither vessel was damaged and the incident did not escalate.
On 3 December 1990, Silnyy sailed back to Kaliningrad to be repaired, and was there at the time of the dissolution of the Soviet Union on 26 December 1991. The ship was to be transferred to the Russian Navy. However, lack of funding instead meant that the ship was decommissioned on 30 June 1994 and was broken up at the Yantar shipyard between 1994 and 1995.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1972 ships
Krivak-class frigates
Ships built at Yantar Shipyard
Ships built in the Soviet Union
Cold War frigates of the Soviet Union
Barbara Wendy Arnott (née Barron, born 1950) is a New Zealand politician. She served as the 18th mayor of Napier between 2001 and 2013, and was the first female mayor of the city.
Arnott is the daughter of Bill and Mollie Barron, and is married to David Arnott. In the 2014 New Year Honours, Arnott was appointed a Companion of the Queen's Service Order for services to local government and the community.
References
1950 births
Living people
Companions of the Queen's Service Order
Mayors of Napier, New Zealand
Women mayors of places in New Zealand
Charles Anson (born Adams; 1770 – 7 June 1827) was Archdeacon of Carlisle from 29 January 1805 until his death.
He was born in Stepney, the third son of George Adams (renamed Anson in 1773) of Sambrooke of Shugborough Hall, and Mary, the daughter of George Venables-Vernon, 1st Baron Vernon.
Anson was educated at Christ Church, Oxford. He was Rector of both Lyng (from 1794) and Mautby (from 1804) in Norfolk, having been presented to both livings by his elder brother Thomas Anson, 1st Viscount Anson before his appointment to the Archdeaconry by his uncle Edward Venables-Vernon-Harcourt, then Bishop of Carlisle. He died in Carlisle.
References
1770 births
1827 deaths
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
Archdeacons of Carlisle
People from Stepney
Wambeen is an evil god of Australian Aboriginal mythology. Known for his lightning hurling figure, like many other subjects of ancient tales, Wambeen prefers travelers for his victims. Said to come down to earth to smite wanderers, he was recognized only by his smell of evil.
References
Mercatante, Anthony S.. "Wambeen."The facts On File Encyclopedia of world Mythology and Legend. 1988.
Australian Aboriginal gods
In enzymology, a phosphoacetylglucosamine mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine 1-phosphate N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine 1-phosphate, and one product, N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the phosphotransferases (phosphomutases), which transfer phosphate groups within a molecule. The systematic name of this enzyme class is N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine 1,6-phosphomutase. Other names in common use include acetylglucosamine phosphomutase, acetylglucosamine phosphomutase, acetylaminodeoxyglucose phosphomutase, phospho-N-acetylglucosamine mutase, and N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 1,6-phosphomutase. This enzyme participates in aminosugars metabolism. This enzyme has at least one effector, N-Acetyl-D-glucosamine 1,6-bisphosphate.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 4 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , and .
References
Boyer, P.D. (Ed.), The Enzymes, 3rd ed., vol. 6, 1972, p. 407-477.
EC 5.4.2
Enzymes of known structure
Robert Mauck Switzer (March 6, 1863 – October 28, 1952) was an American educator, lawyer and politician who served four terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1911 to 1919.
Biography
Early life
Born near Gallipolis, Ohio, Robert Switzer attended the district schools, Gallia Academy, and Rio Grande College. He attended the law departments of the University of Virginia at Charlottesville and the Ohio State University of Columbus.
Career
He taught school from 1883-1887. He then served as Deputy Sheriff of Gallia County 1888-1892.
He was admitted to the bar in 1892 and commenced practice in Gallipolis, Ohio. He served as prosecuting attorney of Gallia County 1893-1900. He served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1900 and 1920.
He was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-second and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1919). He served on the Subcommittee of the Committee on Mines and Mining which investigated the Copper Country Strike of 1913–14. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1918 to the Sixty-sixth Congress. He also served as City solicitor of Gallipolis, Ohio. He then resumed the practice of law.
Death
He died in Gallipolis, Ohio, on October 28, 1952, and he was interred in Mound Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1863 births
1952 deaths
People from Gallipolis, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio State University Moritz College of Law alumni
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
University of Rio Grande alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Kilmichael may refer to:
Kilmichael, County Cork, Ireland
Kilmichael Ambush, 1920
Kilmichael, Mississippi, United States
Kilmichael structure, geological feature and probable impact crater, near Kilmichael, Mississippi
Sports Mix is a confectionery product manufactured in the UK under the brand-name of Maynards Bassetts, which is itself part of the Cadbury UK brand now owned by Mondelēz International and was formerly produced by Lion Confectionery. Both Maynards and Lion are owned by Cadbury UK, formerly Cadbury Trebor Bassett.
The Lion brand has since been adopted by Tangerine Confectionery who manufacture Sports Mix to the original Lion Confectionery version.
The product consists of fruit-flavoured hard gums in the shape of sports equipment and as at October 2015, the shapes found in the packs are interpreted as;
The gums come in five different colours; red, orange, black, yellow and green and each has its own flavour. The product used to contain liquorice flavoured pieces, but this has now been replaced by blackcurrant. The larger 2kg box still contains black, liquorice flavoured gums and is available on eBay or sold loose in traditional UK sweet (candy) shops.
The Maynard's Sports Mix contains the natural colours of anthocyanins, Carbon black, paprika extract, and lutein.
(*) Percentage reference intake of an average adult (8400 kJ / 2000 kcal)
It is not suitable for vegetarians because it contains gelatin.
References
British confectionery
Candy
Delia Delfina Degliuomini de Parodi (1913 – 1991) was an Argentine politician and the first Argentine woman to hold a prominent elected post.
Early life
Parodi was born to Italian Argentine parents in Ingeniero Luiggi, a small La Pampa Province town, in 1913. Her family relocated to Buenos Aires in 1917 and lived in modest circumstances. She was able to attain secondary education, however, and shortly afterwards met Juan Carlos Parodi.
The couple operated a small business and in 1944, Delia Parodi was hired as a stenographer in the Department of Labor by its new appointee, Colonel Juan Perón. Parodi assisted Perón in his fundraising efforts dealing with the devastating 1944 San Juan earthquake, and became close to Eva Duarte (who would soon be Perón's fiancée and most influential adviser). Following Perón's election to the Presidency in 1946, Parodi was transferred to the Province of San Luis, where she participated as an enumerator during the 1947 Census. The experience earned her a promotion as a local ombudsman in the Las Cañitas section of Palermo (today an upscale ward in Buenos Aires).
Political career
The enactment of female suffrage in Argentina in 1949 and Parodi's neighborhood work earned her a seat in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies in 1951 as one of the first 22 women in Congress. The first woman to make a formal speech in the Argentine Congress, she was active in intellectual property and consumer rights. Following the First Lady's death in 1952, she was elected titular head of the Peronist Women's Party, and represented her country in the Inter-Parliamentary Union. On 25 April 1953, she was unanimously elected First Vice President of the Chamber, becoming the first Argentine Woman to hold an elected leadership position in any branch (she would remain the highest-ranking woman in Argentine Congressional history until the election of Mirian Curletti as First Vice President of the Senate in 2003).
Parodi was imprisoned on Perón's 19 September 1955, overthrow, and she remained in custody until March 1958, shortly after a new election. Pardoned by the newly elected President Arturo Frondizi (who had won with Perón's endorsement), Parodi remained in exile in neighboring Uruguay and separated from her husband; she returned to Argentina in secret to attend her husband's funeral (from which she was forced to flee after police recognized her).
Later life and death
Parodi relocated to Madrid, where Perón had lived since 1961. Undeterred, she helped organize the aging leader's planned return to Argentina in December 1964. Posing as "Delia and Juan Sosa" and sporting Paraguayan passports, she and Perón were intercepted in Rio de Janeiro by Brazilian Intelligence.
The fiasco resulted in an Interpol arrest order against her and her detention in Paris. She remained in contact with Perón, however, and joined his entourage on the leader's June 20, 1973, return to Argentina. Perón died in office a year later, and Parodi's own, worsening health (as well as a violent dictatorship) kept her in a low profile in subsequent years. Following a return to democracy in 1983, she took part in numerous interviews and seminars, and published an autobiography.
Parodi died in Buenos Aires on 13 May 1991, at age 78. Her casket was displayed in Congress' Hall of Lost Steps, and the main press conference room of the Chamber of Deputies was named in her honor in 2003.
References
Further reading
(Delia Parodi's Spanish language autobiography)
1913 births
1991 deaths
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Buenos Aires
Justicialist Party politicians
Women members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
Argentine people of Italian descent
People from La Pampa Province
Place of birth missing
20th-century Argentine politicians
20th-century Argentine women politicians
Florida is an unincorporated community in Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Geography
Florida is located at .
History
Florida was founded in 1856. It likely took its name from the state of Florida. A post office was established at Florida in 1864, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1903.
References
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
"The Carpet Crawlers" is a song by the English progressive rock band Genesis, recorded for their sixth studio album The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway. Mike Rutherford and Tony Banks wrote most of the music, with the help of Peter Gabriel. Lyrically, the song tells the section of the album's story whereby Rael, the lead character, finds himself in a red carpeted corridor surrounded by kneeling people slowly crawling towards a wooden door. Rael dashes by them towards the door and goes through it. Behind the door is a table with a candlelit feast on it, and behind that, a spiral staircase that leads upwards out of sight.
The complex symbolism of Peter Gabriel's lyrics has been interpreted as referring to the fertilisation journey or as describing a scene inspired by Gnosticism in which humanity is misled by the 'callers': instead of the promise of heaven, the carpet crawlers find death and rebirth to a hellish environment.
The song was released in April 1975 as the album's second single under the title "The Carpet Crawlers". In 1995, Genesis re-recorded the song with producer Trevor Horn that featured Gabriel and Collins sharing lead vocals, released as "The Carpet Crawlers 1999". This marked the last time both singers recorded with Genesis, as Gabriel had left the band in 1975 and Collins quit in 1996 (though he would later rejoin the band in 2007).
Releases
"The Carpet Crawlers" reappears on the 1976 Genesis: In Concert with Bill Bruford on drums, and on Seconds Out, Genesis's 1977 live album, with Chester Thompson on drums. It was also played on subsequent tours in 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1998, 2007, 2021/22 and the Six of the Best reunion concert with Peter Gabriel. It was also performed once during the 1992 tour.
A re-recorded version, called "The Carpet Crawlers 1999", was released on the compilation album Turn It On Again: The Hits; this is the last recording to date by the 5-man line-up of Peter Gabriel, Steve Hackett, Tony Banks, Phil Collins and Mike Rutherford, and is also the last studio recording by any configuration of Genesis to date. Gabriel and Collins share the role of lead vocals, ultimately harmonizing toward the end of the song. Collins contributes percussion programming as well, under a more contemporary drum and bass influence. The song's final verse was planned on being sung by Genesis' third singer Ray Wilson, but he left the band so the plan was dropped and the final verse was left out.
The B-sides of the 1999 single were "Turn It On Again" and "Follow You Follow Me". The song is also included as the final track of the 2007 live album Live Over Europe 2007 and on the live DVD When in Rome 2007.
Performance variations
On the 1974 studio version, Peter Gabriel sang an introductory verse beginning with "There is lambs' wool under my naked feet...", while from 1976 onwards Phil Collins omitted the introduction, and started the song with "The crawlers cover the floor...". This later live version omitting the introductory verse is simply referred to as "The Carpet Crawl", as it is listed on Seconds Out. The song as sung by Collins was a fixture through the 1981/1982 tours, and was played as the final encore for each date of the 2007 Turn It On Again Tour and the 2021 The Last Domino? Tour.
Personnel
Tony Banks – ARP Pro-Soloist & RMI Electra piano (1974); keyboards and additional programming (1999)
Phil Collins – drums, percussion, backing vocals (1974); co-lead vocals and programmed drums (1999)
Peter Gabriel – lead vocals and flute (1974); co-lead vocals and additional programming (1999)
Steve Hackett – electric guitar
Mike Rutherford – 12-string guitar, electric guitar, bass guitar, bass pedals, backing vocals
Cover versions
Under the title "Carpet Crawl", it was covered by the German band M. Walking on Water for their 1993 EP, Pictures of an Exhibitionist.
As "The Carpet Crawler" it was covered by Human Drama on their 1993 Pin Ups release.
A version was recorded by John Ford (ex-Strawbs) for the 2006 album Golden Sound: Tribute to Genesis.
Another version was covered by the jazz band Fragile on their 2007 cover album smile.
Nick D'Virgilio (who played drums on Genesis' 1997 album Calling All Stations) and Mark Hornsby covered the song as part of their Rewiring Genesis: A Tribute To The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway Project in 2008.
A cover was arranged and recorded by the German symphonic rock/chant band Gregorian for their 2009 album Masters of Chant: Chapter VII.
The song was recorded for Steve Hackett's 2012 album Genesis Revisited II: Selection, with vocals by former Genesis singer Ray Wilson.
It was covered by Mark Kozelek on his 2013 covers album Like Rats.
References
Genesis (band) songs
1974 songs
1975 singles
1999 singles
Songs written by Phil Collins
Songs written by Tony Banks (musician)
Songs written by Peter Gabriel
Songs written by Steve Hackett
Songs written by Mike Rutherford
ka:The Carpet Crawlers#The Carpet Crawlers 1999
Shahid Kapoor is an Indian actor. Kapoor is the recipient of three Filmfare Awards Best Male Debut for Ishq Vishk (2003), Best Actor for Haider (2014) and Best Actor (Critics) for Udta Punjab (2016). He has received four additional Best Actor nominations at Filmfare for Jab We Met (2007), Kaminey (2009), Udta Punjab (2016) and Kabir Singh (2020). For his performance in Haider, Kapoor was also awarded the Screen Award for Best Actor, Star Guild Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role, among other awards.
BIG Star Entertainment Awards
Filmfare Awards
International Indian Film Academy Awards
Indian Television Academy Awards
2010: Best Anchor - Music/Film Based Show - Star Screen Awards
- Winner
2020: Best Anchor - Music/film Based Show - Star Screen Awards
- Winner
Screen Awards
Stardust Awards
Star Guild Awards
Zee Cine Awards
Other Awards
See also
List of accolades received by Haider
List of accolades received by Kaminey
List of accolades received by Padmaavat
References
Lists of awards received by Indian actor
Awards
Thomas Esmonde may refer to:
Thomas Esmonde (VC) (1829–1872), Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross
Sir Thomas Esmonde, 1st Baronet (died c. 1665), of the Esmonde baronets
Sir Thomas Esmonde, 8th Baronet (died 1803), of the Esmonde baronets
Sir Thomas Esmonde, 9th Baronet (1786–1868), MP for Wexford Borough
Sir Thomas Esmonde, 11th Baronet (1862–1935), Irish MP and Senator
Sir Thomas Francis Grattan Esmonde, 17th Baronet (born 1960), of the Esmonde baronets
Kristi Joti (born 15 January 1998) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays for KF Korabi Peshkopi in the Kategoria e Parë.
Club career
Kukësi
In August 2017, Joti moved to Albanian Superliga club FK Kukësi. He made his league debut for the club on 2 December 2017 in a 2-1 away loss to KF Skënderbeu Korçë. He was subbed on for Eni Imami in the 85th minute.
Tomori Berat
In August 2018, Joti was loaned out to Albanian First Division club FK Tomori Berat. He made his competitive debut for the club on 9 September 2018 in a 1-1 home draw with Lushnja, playing 89 minutes before being replaced by Ardian Gega.
Honours
Kukësi
Albanian Superliga Runner-Up: 2017–18
Albanian Supercup Runner-Up: 2017–18
References
External links
Profile at Football Database
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Tirana
Association football midfielders
Albanian footballers
KF Tirana players
FK Kukësi players
FK Tomori Berat players
KF Korabi Peshkopi players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Olga Masilionene (born 25 January 1980 in Minsk, Soviet Union) is a Belarusian basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1980 births
Living people
Basketball players from Minsk
Belarusian women's basketball players
Shooting guards
ŽKK Gospić players
Olympic basketball players of Belarus
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Manuele Blasi (; born 17 August 1980) is an Italian former professional footballer who played a midfielder and now works as a coach.
Club career
Primarily a central midfielder, Blasi made his Serie A debut for A.S. Roma in a match against Piacenza on 22 January 2000. he also played for Lecce at Serie B before returned to Roma. In mid-2000 he was signed by Perugia at (first in co-ownership deal for a peppercorn of 1 million Italian lire; €516). At Perugia he played 46 Serie A matches. In June 2001, he was signed permanently for 18 billion lire (€9.296 million)), however, in terms of the signing of Giuseppe Cattivera also for 18 billion lire.
In July 2002, he was signed by Juventus for about €17.7 million, and loaned back to Perugia in the first season.
In the second season he joined Parma. He was suspended due to testing positive for nandrolone until March.
Juventus
Blasi returned to Juventus F.C. in 2004, under Fabio Capello, his coach at Roma; he received his first Italy call-up in August. In his first season with Juventus, he was often partnered with his former Roma teammate Emerson in the centre of the team's midfield, in Capello's 4–4–2 formation, fighting off competition from Stephen Appiah and Alessio Tacchinardi for a starting spot, and collecting 27 appearances as Juventus won the league title.
The following season, due to the injuries of Jonathan Zebina and Gianluca Pessotto, he often played as a right-back. Due to the arrival of Patrick Vieira and the emergence of Giorgio Chiellini, however, he often found a lack of first team opportunities both in midfield and defence, although he was awarded a new contract extension, which would keep him with the club until 2009. He made six starts for the club throughout the season, as the team won a second consecutive league title.
While waiting for the outcome of the 2006 Italian football scandal sentences, which ultimately saw Juventus relegated to Serie B and stripped of their previous two league titles due to their involvement in Calciopoli, Blasi joined Fiorentina on a loan with an option to buy, under Cesare Prandelli, who had previously also been his coach at Parma.
Napoli
Along with his former Juventus teammate Marcelo Zalayeta, Blasi was sold to newly promoted Serie A team Napoli for €1.4 million and €2.45 million respectively in co-ownership deal in the summer of 2007. He signed a five-year contract with the club. In June 2008, Napoli bought the remaining half of the player's registration rights from Juventus for €2.6 million.
On 31 August 2009, Blasi was loaned to Palermo after he had played the opening match of the season against Salernitana in the Coppa Italia on 16 August. On 20 May 2010, he joined A.C. Milan on loan exclusively for a three-game friendly tournament in the United States.
Lecce
On 27 January 2012, Blasi signed with Serie A side Lecce during the January transfer window.
Pescara
On 7 August 2012, Blasi joined the newly promoted Serie A side Delfino Pescara 1936 on a one-year deal.
Varese
Blasi joined Varese in 2013. He spent two seasons at the club and was released in 2015.
Chennaiyin
Blasi joined Indian club Chennaiyin FC in 2015 after the expiry of his contract at Varese. He was retained in 2016, after a short spell at Ischia Isolaverde.
International career
At youth level, Blasi played for the Italy U-15 team, the Italy U-16 team in 1997 UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship qualifying; the Italy U-18 team at the 1999 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship, where they lost out to the Portugal U-18 side in the final; and the Italy U-20 team at the 2000 Toulon Tournament. He also played for the Italy U-21 side at the 2002 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, as a starter, due to the injury of Enzo Maresca; he partnered Matteo Brighi, Andrea Pirlo and Marco Marchionni in midfield, as they reached the semi-finals.
Manuele Blasi has also played for the Italian senior national team, for which he debuted on 18 August 2004 in a 2–0 friendly away loss against Iceland, at the age of 24, which was also manager Marcello Lippi's first match in charge of the national side. In total he made eight appearances for Italy between 2004 and 2005.
Style of play
A dynamic, tenacious, combative, and hard-working box-to-box midfielder, with notable stamina, a powerful shot from distance, and good ball-winning abilities, Blasi is a tactically versatile player, who is capable of playing as a right-sided or central midfielder, or even as a defensive midfielder in the centre of a three-man midfield, where his main function is to break down opposition plays and distribute the ball to his teammates. He is also known for his leadership and team spirit, although he has also drawn criticism at times from his managers for committing too many rash fouls and for having a tendency to pick up cards. Primarily a midfielder, throughout his career, he has also played as a right-back on occasion. Due to his technical characteristics and wide range of skills, he has also been deployed as a deep-lying playmaker in midfield, in front of the back-line, courtesy of his good feet, distribution, and ability to switch the play.
Coaching career
On 12 January 2017, it was announced, that Blasi had joined Italian amateur club CPC 2005 Civitavecchia. However, in September 2017, he was announced as the club's new manager.
On 23 May 2019, Blasi was named manager of the Maltese club of Hamrun Spartans for his first professional experience as a manager. despite reaching the quarter finals in the Maltese FA Trophy, he has been sacked by the club on the beginning of February 2020.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Chennaiyin FC
Indian Super League: 2015
References
External links
Player profile on Napoli's official website
Profile at Football.it
Profile at La gazzetta dello Sport
Profile at FIGC
1980 births
Living people
People from Civitavecchia
Footballers from Lazio
Italian footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Italy international footballers
A.S. Roma players
U.S. Lecce players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Juventus F.C. players
ACF Fiorentina players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Palermo F.C. players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
Chennaiyin FC players
S.S. Ischia Isolaverde players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Indian Super League players
Expatriate footballers in India
Association football midfielders
Doping cases in association football
Italian sportspeople in doping cases
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital
Ayia Napa FC managers
Daddala quadrisignata is a species of moth in the family Erebidae first described by Francis Walker in 1865.
Distribution
It is found in the Himalayas of India, Thailand, Malaysia, Sumatra and Borneo.
References
Sypnini
Moths of Asia
Phtheochroa superbissima is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Veracruz, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1984
Phtheochroa
Elisabeth Bernoulli (9 December 1873 – 22 February 1935) was a Swiss campaigner against alcoholism.
Biography
Bernoulli was born in Basel, Switzerland, the daughter of Theodor Bernoulli. The architect Hans Benno Bernoulli was her younger brother, and she was descended from the Bernoulli family of mathematicians.
She joined the Swiss Bund abstinenter Frauen (BAF) (Association of Abstinent Women) at age 29. In 1907 she was elected to be president of the association's Basel branch and held that office until 1912. During this time she was employed, partly voluntarily, in the Swiss Zentralstelle zur Bekämpfung des Alkoholismus (Central Department for Combating Alcoholism).
In 1923 she was entrusted with the administration of the Secretariat and two years later she became president of the central Swiss BAF at Lausanne and held that office for four years.
From 1923 to 1933 she also edited Wegweiser zur Frauenarbeit gegen den Alkohol (Signpost for the work of women against alcohol).
She died in Basel on 22 February 1935, aged 61.
Works
L'abstinence (1935)
Wegweiser zur Frauenarbeit gegen den Alkohol
References
1873 births
1935 deaths
Elisabeth
Anti-liquor activists
Swiss health activists
Abomoso is a town located in the Atiwa West District, Eastern region. It is dominated by the Akim clan which is part of the Akan tribe which covers 70% of the total population of Ghana. The residents are mainly farmers settled along and north of the Birim river. Area is dominated by the production of cocoa.
History
According to history, the people were living in the northern part of Ghana. They had a Queen whose name was "Pomaa" and there was great drought in the northern part so she decided to migrate with her people to where they could find water and fertile soil. So she sent a hunter named "Abomo". He took an expedition to the south where he discovered a stream. He then went back to the Queen and gave her his report so the people migrated to where the hunter discovered the water. Upon arriving there, they named the stream after the hunter ("Abomo" "nsu"). "Nsu" means water in the Akim language so the name Abomosu means Abomo's water (the hunter Abomo's water). The people of Abomosu practice matrilineal linage of ancestry.
Geography
The Birim River is one of the main tributaries of the Pra River in Ghana and the country's most important diamond-producing area, flowing through most of the width of the Eastern region. The river rises in the east of the Atewa Range, flows north through the gap between this range and the Kwahu Plateau, then runs roughly south-west until it joins the Pra. It gives its name to the Birimian rock formation, which yields most of the gold in the region. Ghana is the second largest producer of gold in Africa.
References
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
R. B. Smith may refer to:
R. B. Smith (Hampshire cricketer) (active 1842-45)
Richard Bernhard Smith (1901-1935), American songwriter
Richard Baird Smith (1818-1861), British engineer officer in the East India Company
Richard Bowyer Smith (1837-1919), English-born Australian inventor
See also
List of people with the surname Smith#R
Tuska may refer to:
Tuska, Iran, a village in Mazandaran Province, Iran
Tuska Open Air Metal Festival, in Helsinki
Tuska, a deity in the game RuneScape
Clarence D. Tuska, co-founder of the American Radio Relay League
See also
Toska (disambiguation)
Texturising or texturizing is the process by which synthetic fibres are modified to change their texture - the physical appearance of the fibre. Texturising techniques can include bulking (where thermoplastic fibres are twisted, heat set and untwisted), crimping and coiling, amongst others. Texturising takes advantage of the thermoplastic nature of synthetic fibres, and uses it to set texturised features in place.
Fibres may be texturised to improve the fibre's insulation properties (as processes like bulking allow it to trap air better), to minimise a shiny, synthetic-looking appearance, to reduce the silky nature of the fibre, or to create special effects (fancy yarns).
These modifications will also affect the eventual fabric, and fibres may be folded, looped, coiled or crinkled in order to improve the drape, appearance, luster, warmth, elasticity or handle of the finished fabric. Texturising can reduce the "synthetic" appearance of a finished fabric, bringing its appearance closer to that of a natural fibre fabric.
Texture
Texture in textiles characterises the surface as rough or smooth, which is determined by tactile and visual perception. The texture of textiles is affected by yarn manipulations, finishing techniques, and fabric structures.
See also
Aesthetics (textile)
Cross-section (fiber)
References
Textile industry
Clothing industry
Miokovci () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 969 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Atli Guðjón Helgason (born 7 March 1967) is an Icelandic lawyer and former footballer who played three games for the Iceland national football team. In 2001 he was sentenced to 16 years in prison for the murder of his business partner.
Football career
Club career
Atli played for 14 seasons in the Icelandic leagues. He was the captain of the Víkingur Reykjavík team that won the national championship in 1991.
National team career
He won three caps and scored one goal for the Iceland national football team between 1991 and 1992.
Murder of Einar Örn Birgisson
On November 8, 2000, 27 year old former footballer Einar Örn Birgisson went missing. Einar, the son of former basketball star Birgir Örn Birgis, was Atli's business partner and former teammate. A week later, Atli confessed to his murder, having beaten Einar four times in his head with a hammer in Öskjuhlíð in Reykjavík and hiding his body near Grindavík. On 29 May 2001 he was sentenced to 16 years in prison for the murder. He was released from prison in 2010.
References
External links
Atli Helgason international appearances at ksi.is
Úrvalsdeild and cup statistics at ksi.is
1967 births
Living people
Atli Helgason
Atli Helgason
Atli Helgason
Atli Helgason
Atli Helgason
Atli Helgason
The Middle Class Working Families Task Force (MCWFTF) was a United States Federal Government initiative, established in 2009 via presidential memorandum. It was one of the earliest innovations of the Obama-Biden administration. Jared Bernstein was appointed the Executive Director, responsible for direct management of the project; while Vice-President Joseph Biden was appointed Chairman, with final oversight and responsibility for the work. The purpose of the task force is to empower the American middle class and to explore the vision and possibilities of green jobs. The Middle Class Working Families Task Force studies and recommends far-reaching and imaginative solutions to problems working families face.
Goals and Objectives
The specific goals of the Task Force were the expansion of education and lifelong training opportunities, the improvement of work-family balance, the restoration of labor standards, the protection of middle-class and working-class family incomes, and the protection of retirement security.
The major early initiatives of the task force are the expansion of education and training opportunities and raising the living standards of middle-class working families in America. One other early focus of the task force is the expansion of "green job" opportunities as a vehicle to rebuild and strengthen the middle class and, at the same time, saving billions of dollars in energy costs. The reduction of the providing load on coal-fired power plants (reducing air pollution) and retro-fitting American homes and buildings to be fuel efficient should extend substantial energy savings to the entire middle class.
Roster
Main participating departments & agencies
The White House Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ) will play the convening and coordinating role to get agencies the help they need to identify and advance policies that will facilitate the continued growth of the energy efficiency sector, powered by private dollars. Other participating members included Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, Labor, the Treasury, the General Services Administration, as well as the Directors of the National Economic Council. From the White House, the participants are the Office of Energy, Climate and Change, the Domestic Policy Council, the Office of Management and Budget, and the Council on Environmental Quality.
The planned benefit of these partnerships were the leveraging of resources to connect workers to green career pathways and sustainable employment; advancing existing and future training and education programs; and helping to ensure employers have access to a qualified workforce for the projected green economy of the 21st century.
Meetings
The task force began working in January, 2009 to highlight policies and practices to help improve the standard of living of the US middle-class. Its first official meeting was on February 27, 2009 in Philadelphia at the University of Pennsylvania. The fourth was on May 26, 2009 at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science in Denver, CO. A June 2009 meeting took place in Perrysburg, Ohio with a topic of Promoting Manufacturing in America.
In October 2009, Vice President Biden unveiled Recovery Through Retrofit, a report that builds on the foundation laid in the Recovery Act to expand green job opportunities and boost energy savings by making homes more energy efficient.
In April 2010 the MCWFTF held a meeting at the University of Milwaukee-Wisconsin's Luber School of Business on the topic on Wall Street reform.
Green jobs
Green jobs - broadly defined as "related to improving the environment" - pay up to 20 percent more than other jobs. They are more often union jobs and likelier to be held by men as opposed to women. Participation in the green job marketplace among minorities and city dwellers is considerably lower than in the standard marketplace. Additionally, green jobs are largely domestic, and cannot be shipped overseas.
Initiatives
The White House Task Force on the Middle Class announced initiatives developed during the past year with working families around the country and at the White House. The initiatives include:
increasing the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit for families making under $85,000 a year and a $1.6 billion increase in child care funding for families not yet a part of the middle class,
limiting a graduate's federal loan repayments to 10 percent of his or her income above a basic living allowance,
initiating a system of workplace IRAs, requiring all employers to give the option for employees to enroll in a direct-deposit IRA,
expanding tax credits to match retirement savings and enacting additional safeguards to protect retirement savings.
expanding support for families balancing work with caring for elderly relatives.
Financial aid applications
Secretary of Education Arne Duncan announced a user-friendly FAFSA form that will make it easier to apply for financial aid. The FAFSA application will be streamlined with the IRS. The new version will increase access for hundreds of thousands of students who are eligible but do not apply for aid. Simplifying the financial aid application is a policy that emanates from meetings of the Middle Class Task Force.
References
Bibliography
Kornblut, Anne E. and Anthony Faiola (2009). "Biden to Lead Task Force on Issues of the Middle Class". The Washington Post. January 31.
Sweet, Lynn (2009). "Biden to lead White House task force on the middle class." Chicago Sun-Times. January 30.
Staff writers (2009). "Obama Creates Working Families Task Force". Political Affairs Magazine. January 31.
White House (2009). Press Release: Vice President Biden announces Middle Class Task Force. January 30, 2009, at 10:00 am.
External links
"White House Enviro Council Accepts Biden Challenge: Help Retrofit America," Middle Class Task Force, The Vice President of the United States, 26 May 2009. Retrieved 9 August 2013
Middle Class Task Force, The Vice President of the United States. Blog.
United States Presidential Task Forces
Presidency of Barack Obama
2009 establishments in the United States
2010 disestablishments in the United States
Joe Biden
James Stannard (born 21 February 1983) is an Australian rugby union footballer. He can operate as a scrum-half or fly-half. He previously played for the Western Force and Brumbies Super Rugby.
Stannard was an Australia sevens player and was awarded the 2010 Australian Sevens Player of the Year award. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Stannard is currently part of the coaching staff for the Women's Aussie 7s rugby team.
Injury and retirement
On 30 March 2018, Stannard received a fractured skull in an altercation with a 23 year old English tourist, Sam Oliver. The two men had left a Sydney bar at 3am with the altercation ensuing outside a kebab shop. Stannard was knocked unconscious from a single punch during the incident and hit his head on the concrete floor. Following his head injury, Stannard has suffered from vertigo.
In June 2018, Stannard was forced to retire from playing rugby due to the head injuries he received in the altercation.
Sam Oliver claimed that he retaliated in self-defence after Stannard had approached him, made an offensive remark, and initially punched Oliver's left eye. In September 2018, following a two-and-a-half day hearing, Oliver was found not guilty of recklessly causing grievous bodily harm.
References
External links
Living people
1983 births
Australian rugby union players
ACT Brumbies players
Western Force players
Rugby union fly-halves
Rugby union scrum-halves
Commonwealth Games rugby sevens players of Australia
Male rugby sevens players
Australia international rugby sevens players
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Rugby sevens players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic rugby sevens players of Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in rugby sevens
Rugby sevens players at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Australia
Rugby sevens players at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
The 148th Infantry Brigade was an infantry brigade formation of the British Army that served in both the First and briefly in the Second World War as part of the 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division and disbanded after the war.
History
Formation
The brigade was raised in 1908 upon the creation of the Territorial Force, which was formed by the amalgamation of the Yeomanry and the Volunteer Force. The 3rd West Riding Brigade was assigned to the West Riding Division. The brigade consisted of two volunteer battalions of the King's Own (Yorkshire Light Infantry) and two of the York and Lancaster Regiment.
First World War
The division was mobilised shortly after the outbreak of war and started training. In 1915 the division became the 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division and the brigade was numbered 148th (1/3rd West Riding) Brigade. The battalions adopted the '1/' prefix (for example, 1/4th KOYLI) to differentiate them from their 2nd Line units being formed. The 2nd Line consisted of the few men who did not volunteer to serve overseas and was intended to act as home service and as a reserve for the 1st Line. The 2nd Line units were 187th (2/3rd West Riding) Brigade, 62nd (2nd West Riding) Division. With the 49th Division, the 148th Brigade saw service on the Western Front during the First World War from 1915 to 1918.
Order of battle
1/4th Battalion, King's Own (Yorkshire Light Infantry)
1/5th Battalion, King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry (left February 1918)
1/4th Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment
1/5th Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment
148th Machine Gun Company, Machine Gun Corps (formed 6 February 1916, moved to 49th Battalion, Machine Gun Corps 1 March 1918)
148th Trench Mortar Battery (formed 12 June 1916)
Due to a shortage of manpower in the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) it was decided to reduce all British divisions serving on the Western Front from twelve to nine infantry battalions, all brigades reducing from four to three, and so the 1/5th KOYLI was transferred from 148th Brigade to the 187th (2/3rd) West Riding Brigade of 62nd (2nd West Riding) Division where they amalgamated with the 2/5th KOYLI and were renamed the 5th Battalion.
Inter-war period
Disbanded after the war, the brigade was reformed in the Territorial Army as the 148th (3rd West Riding) Infantry Brigade and continued to serve with 49th Division, which was also reformed. The brigade had the same composition it did before the First World War.
However, during the years shortly before the Second World War, all of the brigade's original battalions were converted to other roles or were gradually posted away. The 5th Battalion, King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry was transferred to the Royal Artillery and became 53rd Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery and 5th Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment were also transferred to the Royal Artillery and converted into 67th (The York and Lancaster) Anti-Aircraft Brigade, Royal Artillery and joined the 31st (North Midland) Anti-Aircraft Group, 2nd Anti-Aircraft Division. The remaining units, 4th Battalion, KOYLI and 4th (Hallamshire) Battalion, York and Lancs, were transferred to the 146th (2nd West Riding) Infantry Brigade of the 49th Division. They were replaced in the 148th Brigade by the 5th Battalion, Leicestershire Regiment and 5th and 8th battalions of the Sherwood Foresters, all from the disbanded 46th (North Midland) Division (converted into 2nd AA Division). In 1939 the brigade was redesignated 148th Infantry Brigade.
Second World War
With the rest of the 49th Division, the brigade was mobilised on 1 September 1939, after the German Army's invasion of Poland. The Second World War began two days later.
In October the 1/5th Battalion, Sherwood Foresters was transferred to the 55th Infantry Brigade of the 18th Infantry Division and was replaced by the 2nd Battalion, South Wales Borderers, a Regular Army unit. The 148th Brigade, together with most of the rest of the 49th Division, was both poorly trained and equipped and was sent with most of the division to Norway and fought in the Norwegian Campaign, suffering heavy casualties, in early 1940 before being withdrawn.
Instead of being sent to Iceland with the rest of the 49th Division, the brigade was sent to Northern Ireland, coming under command of British Troops Northern Ireland from 7 July 1940 until 26 April 1942, to counter a potential German invasion. It was later redesignated 148th Independent Infantry Brigade, complete with its own independent support units. The brigade was reorganised as a training brigade on 25 July 1942 for pre-OCU training of all OCTU candidates for the Army and, as a result, the independent support units were gradually posted away.
Order of battle
The 148th Brigade was constituted as follows during the war:
1/5th Battalion, Leicestershire Regiment (until 24 July 1942)
1/5th Battalion, Sherwood Foresters (until 29 October 1939)
8th Battalion, Sherwood Foresters (until 24 July 1942)
2nd Battalion, South Wales Borderers (from 18 December 1939 until 1 April 1940, rejoined 6 December 1940 until 6 December 1941)
148th Infantry Brigade Anti-Tank Company (formed 4 August 1940 until 7 January 1941)
1st Battalion, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (from 8 January 1941 until 20 July 1942)
4th Battalion, Royal Berkshire Regiment (from 17 December 1940 until 24 July 1942)
150th Field Regiment, Royal Artillery (from 23 November 1940 until 24 July 1942)
266th Independent Anti-Tank Company (from 10 March 1941 until 24 July 1942)
507th Field Company, Royal Engineers (from 29 November 1940 until 24 July 1942)
A Company, 5th Battalion, Cheshire Regiment (Machine Gun Company) (from 13 until 31 December 1940)
148th Independent Infantry Brigade Machine Gun Company (Cheshire Regiment) (from 1 January 1941 until 20 July 1942)
148th Independent Infantry Brigade Reconnaissance Squadron, Reconnaissance Corps (from 6 June 1942 until 24 July 1942)
Commanders
The following officers commanded the 148th Infantry Brigade during the war:
Brigadier D.M.A. Sole (until 22 February 1940)
Brigadier H. de R. Morgan (from 22 February 1940 until 23 April 1941)
Lieutenant-Colonel C.B. Callander (Acting, from 23 April until 27 May 1941)
Brigadier H.B. Hibbert (from 27 May until 29 May 1942)
Brigadier J.K. Edwards (from 29 May 1942)
References
Bibliography
1908 establishments in the United Kingdom
Military units and formations established in 1908
Military units and formations disestablished in 1946
Army Reserve (United Kingdom)
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War I
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War II
