In Tibetan Buddhism, Siṃhamukhā (Tib. Senge Dongma) or Siṃhavaktra, also known as the Lion Face Dakini or Lion-headed Dakini, is a wisdom dakini of the Dzogchen tradition. She is represented as a fierce dakini with the head of a snow lion. Her mouth is depicted with a roar, symbolizing untamed fury and jubilant laughter. Her roar disperses discursive thoughts. She is naked, symbolizing that she herself is completely free of discursive thought.
She is considered to be an emanation or manifestation of Guhyajnana Dakini (the principal Dakini teacher of Padmasambhava in Uddiyana), or of Mandarava (one of his consorts), or of Sangwa Yeshe. She represents the accomplished female practitioner. As a meditation deity, her main function is averting magical attacks.
According to both John Reynolds and John Lash, she is the Indian equivalent of the Egyptian goddess Sekmet.
Description
According to the curators of the Himalayan Art Resources, the wisdom Dakini Simhamukha is visualized
Retinue
According to John Reynolds, Simhamukha
Lineages
There are at least two major lineages of transmission, one in the Nyingma and another in the Sakya school. Although according to the tertön Nyangral Nyima Özer, the Nyingma Simhamukha is based on the Sakya tradition of Bari Lotsawa.
Nyingma
According to the terma (in Tibetan: gong ter, 'a treasure of the mind') tradition of the Nyingma school, Senge Dongma is a manifestation of Padmasambhava, a secret spiritual form of Guru Rinpoche specifically for removing spiritual obstacles and negativity. Accomplished practitioners often visualize Padmasambhava as Simhamukha during their meditative practices. According to Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo,
Sakya
The Sakya lineage began with a terma discovered by Bari Lotsawa (1040–1111), who transmitted the teachings to Sachen Kunga Nyingpo. According to Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo,
Termas
Tertön Sogyal is credited with discovering and transcribing a terma he found in a remote hermitage.
Tsasum Lingpa, Lion-Faced Dakini Practice that Subdues All Devils.
Sadhanas
Dudjom Rinpoche, A Daily 'Hand-Clapping' Practice of Siṃhamukhā.
Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo, in The Excellent Vase of Precious Jewels (Rin-chen bum bzang), provides three sadhanas composed by Padma Gargyi Wangchuk (Jamgon Kongtrul).
Lama Kunga Tartse Rinpoche, Sadhana of the Blue Lion-headed Dakini.
See also
Bodongpa
Dorje Pakmo
Krodikali
Machig Labdrön
Mandarava
Narodakini
Nubchen Sangye Yeshe
Prajnaparamita
Vajrayogini
Yeshe Tsogyal
References
Citations
Works cited
Further reading
External links
Simhamukha Main Page at Himalayan Art Resources
Siṃhamukhā Series at Lotsawa House
Dakinis
Mythological lions
Charley E. Morgan (born 1929) is an American sailboat racer and designer. He is best known as the founder of Morgan Yacht Corporation.
Early life
Morgan was born in Chicago in 1929 and raised in Florida. Morgan built the yacht Brisote and completed a St. Petersburg, Florida to Havana, Cuba race with Bruce Bidwell. Morgan attended the University of Tampa
and took a job with Johnson Sails, located at the Jean Street Shipyard on the Hillsborough River. In 1952 he founded Morgan Racing Sails in Tampa, FL. While making sails Morgan met yacht designer George Luzier, who got him interested in designing boats.
Racing
In 1957, Morgan, along with Charlie Hunt, designed and built Brisote, a 31-foot plywood yawl.
After successfully appealing disqualification due to a lack of engines, he entered the Havana race and took second in Brisote's division. In 1960 Jack Powell commissioned Morgan to build the 40 foot centerboard fiberglass yawl Paper Tiger.. The "famously successful" Paper Tiger won the SORC Southern Ocean Racing Conference in 1961 and 1962.
Morgan Yachts
Unable to find a builder to manufacture the Tiger Cub, a smaller version of Paper Tiger, Morgan founded the Morgan Yacht Corporation St. Petersburg, Florida, 1965 after graduating from high school and starting his own sail company. Morgan suffered the misfortune of falling ill with tuberculosis, delaying production. Morgan asked Bidwell to join the business, delivering the first yacht in 1965. Early models included the Tiger Cub and fiberglass sloop Morgan 34. The company grossed 1.7 million in 1965.
The company's first model was the Morgan 34 built in fiberglass. This was followed by the Morgan 24, 30, 41, and 45. The Morgan 41 designed by Morgan, his most popular design, became a standard in the sailing charter industry for its strength, simplicity, and space belowdecks. In response to customer feedback while operating Morgan Yacht, Morgan designed the shallow draft Morgan Out Island 41, "the most popular boat over 40 feet overall ever built." First built in 1971 the spacious boat became popular with charter companies, becoming "the standard charter boat." The Out Island 33 was designed and first produced in mid-1971 as part of the Morgan Out Island series.
Morgan's involvement in the company ended in 1972.
Ownership of Morgan Yacht was sold to Beatrice Foods in 1968, providing funds for Morgan to design and build the wooden 12-meter yacht Heritage to compete for selection as defender of the America's Cup. Morgan acted as skipper during the defender selection trials but lost to Intrepid.
After Morgan left the company was passed from one corporate entity to another, until it came into the hands of Catalina Yachts in 1984. Catalina continued manufacturing a few models, including the Out Island 41, before the Morgan name was retired.
Later life
Morgan left Morgan Yachts in 1972. Beatrice Foods sold the company to Catalina Yachts in 1984 and sold a redesigned Morgan Out Island 41 from 1986 to 1993.
Morgan found Heritage Yacht Corporation in 1975, producing trawlers and sailing yachts. The company was forced into bankruptcy and
ownership transferred to Catalina Yachts. Heritage Yachts sold the tooling for their line of Morgan Trawlers to Chris-Craft and Morgan began working for Chris-Craft, doing design work on their trawler line.
Morgan later designed the Com-pac 35 under contract for Hutchins Yachts.
Designs
Columbia 40
Morgan 22
Morgan 24/25
Morgan Out Island 41
References
America's Cup yacht designers
American boat builders
American yacht designers
Living people
1929 births
Morgan Yachts
Markus Hümpfer (born 17 March 1992) is a German politician for the SPD and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Hümpfer was born 1992 in Schweinfurt and since 2021 member of the Bundestag.
References
Living people
1992 births
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
People from Schweinfurt
Bidhu Bhushan Ray (also Bidhu Bhusan Ray, Bidhubhusan Ray and B. B. Ray) was an Indian physicist. He was a pioneer in the field of X-ray spectroscopy, and his laboratory was the first of its kind in India. Also notable are his contributions to studies related to scattering of light in the atmosphere. He played a significant role in facilitating contacts between Indian and European scientists. He was elected Fellow, Indian National Science Academy, and held the post of Khaira Professor of Physics at the Rajabazar Science College, University of Calcutta until the time of his death.
Early life
Bidhu Bhushan Ray was born on 1 July 1894 in Khadarpara, East Bengal, British India (now in Bangladesh). He completed his studies in Calcutta. His doctoral thesis was on the scattering of light in the atmosphere, carried out under the guidance of C. V. Raman. He obtained his D.Sc. in 1922. As part of his doctoral work, he gave a theory of glories, coronas and iridescent clouds, which is still considered relevant.
Career
In 1921, Ray was appointed as lecturer in physics at the University College of Science and Technology, University of Calcutta, where he would remain until his death. In 1923, he secured two years of leave to travel to Europe. He spent a few months working with Manne Siegbahn in Uppsala, where he started experimental work in X-ray spectroscopy. He then moved to Copenhagen to work with Niels Bohr, to whom Raman had already introduced him. Ray spent over a year in Copenhagen, doing theoretical work related to X-ray spectra. After leaving Copenhagen, he visited a number of other laboratories in Germany and Italy before returning to India.
Inspired by his stay in Europe, Ray decided to set up a laboratory for X-ray spectroscopy, which would be the first of its kind not only in Calcutta but in India. It was not easy to get the necessary financial support from the University of Calcutta. Bohr wrote as many as three letters to the university authorities recommending Ray's case for funding. In one of them he wrote: "..Dr. Ray must be considered as unusually qualified for such work (X-ray spectra and their interpretation), ... having ... a thorough knowledge of the present stand of the theories"
Ray was finally able to set up his research laboratory in 1927–28. Over the next fifteen years, he published a number of research papers in leading journals. Along with his work on X-ray spectroscopy, he also continued his meteorological studies. His laboratory became a training ground for young physicists, e.g. R. C. Majumdar. In 1935 he was appointed to the prestigious chair of Khaira Professor of Physics, a position he held until his untimely death.
Controversy
From 1930 onwards, Ray was involved in a scientific controversy. After the discovery of the Raman Effect, there was considerable international interest in trying to observe an analogous effect in X-rays. Researchers in the US and Germany had tried and reported negative results. In 1930, Bidhu Bhushan Ray reported, in a paper published in Nature, that he had observed additional spectral lines in scattered X-rays, which he interpreted as being analogous to Raman's observations. Immediately afterwards, J. M. Cork reported that he was unable to reproduce Ray's result. Ray wrote a rebuttal, and followed it up with more experimental work. The controversy continued for several years, and was finally settled in 1937 by Arnold Sommerfeld, who confirmed Ray's observations and also gave a detailed explanation of the phenomenon.
Death
Bidhu Bhushan Ray died of a heart attack on 29 July 1944, less than a month after his fiftieth birthday. Some of his family members believe that the controversy mentioned above was directly responsible for his death. Oral history has it that a demonstration was set up in his laboratory, where some colleagues and visitors were to be shown the extra spectral lines. When the visitors arrived, the demonstration did not work. Ray was ridiculed for this failure, and the resulting humiliation precipitated his heart attack. However, researcher Rajinder Singh, on the basis of his study of original documents, argues that this is not likely. He points out that the controversy had already been resolved in 1937, following Sommerfeld's work, more than six years before Ray's death. Moreover, the experiment required many hours of running time. Thus visual demonstration was not possible. Singh further notes that Ray had developed malaria and other ailments, which may have played a role in his early death.
Other contributions
Apart from his teaching and research work, Ray was also interested in the dissemination of science to a wider audience. He was a founding member and Secretary of the Indian Science News Association, established in 1935. He edited its journal, Science and Culture.
Awards and honours
Elected Fellow, National Institute of Science of India (later renamed Indian National Science Academy) in 1935
Appointed Khaira Professor of Physics, University of Calcutta, in 1935
Elected President, Physics Section, Indian Science Congress (1942)
Legacy
After C. V. Raman, B.B. Ray was the first Indian physicist to set up a research laboratory which yielded results that could be published in leading journals such as Nature. This undoubtedly provided an impetus to experimental physics in the country. While Ray received recognition in his lifetime, he was almost forgotten in the intervening decades, until a recent revival of interest. Rajinder Singh, who has written a book on Ray, calls him "an unsung hero in Indian science". Singh also argues that Ray's contacts with European scientists were important in themselves, and also facilitated such contacts for other Indian scientists, notably S. N. Bose and M. N. Saha.
The Indian Science News Association continues its activities, including the publication of Science and Culture.
References
1894 births
1944 deaths
Experimental physicists
Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
University of Calcutta faculty
Scientists from Kolkata
People of British India
Forbes' Quarry is located on the northern face of the Rock of Gibraltar within the Upper Rock Nature Reserve in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. The area was quarried during the 19th century to supply stone for reinforcing the fortress' military installations. In the course of the quarrying, a limestone cave was found. The second ever Neanderthal discovery was made within this cave when Cpt. Edmund Flint found the skull of an adult female Neanderthal in 1848.
Etymology
Forbes' Quarry borrows its name from an 18th-century military installation located directly above the cave and known as Forbes' Battery.
History
Neanderthal discovery
An ancient skull (specimen name Gibraltar 1) was found within Forbes' Quarry by Captain Edmund Flint of the Royal Navy in 1848. Being the secretary of the Gibraltar Museum Society (formerly the Gibraltar Scientific Society), he presented his find to the society on 3 March 1848. This was only the second Neanderthal fossil ever found. The skull had unusual features, but its significance as a representative of an extinct human species was not realised until 1864, eight years after the 1856 discovery of the more extensive assemblage of Neanderthal remains in the Neander Valley of Germany that eventually became the type specimen and source of the name of the species Homo neanderthalensis. The Forbes' Quarry skull attracted the attention of prominent scientists in Great Britain when it was presented at a meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science in September 1864. Charles Darwin had long been curious about the skull, but was too ill to attend the meeting, so geologist Charles Lyell and anthropologist Hugh Falconer arranged to bring the skull to his residence so he could examine it. In a letter, Darwin described the skull as "wonderful".
The skull found at Forbes' Quarry has been determined to be that of an adult female. She was probably over age 40 at the time of her death, as indicated by extensive wear on the teeth, as well as a bony growth inside the forehead that is also observed in modern humans, in whom it occurs after menopause.
The original find was done in a time when palaeontological dating was still in its infancy, and no stratigraphic information was supplied with the skull, making dating at best guesswork. Another specimen from a different locale on Gibraltar (Gibraltar 2) has however been dated to between 30 and 50 thousand years ago. This is the site of the most recent evidence of the Neanderthals of Gibraltar, which are claimed to have been present here until as recently as 28,000 years ago. But this is controversial (see the discussion in the article "Neanderthal").
Quarrying
The area was quarried for stone during the 19th century to supply much-needed material to reinforce and rebuild many of the fortress' fortifications. This activity removed much of the vegetated slope at the cavern's base. The cave in which the Neanderthal skull had been deposited was almost totally destroyed, leaving very little evidence for future research.
See also
List of fossil sites
References
External links
Limestone caves
Caves of Gibraltar
Archaeological sites in Gibraltar
Neanderthal sites
Baykal () is a village in Talachyn District, Vitebsk Region, Belarus, under the administration of the Kokhanovo Settlement Council.
Villages in Belarus
Populated places in Vitebsk Region
Talachyn District
Harazjan (, also Romanized as Harāzjān; also known as Hezār Jān) is a village in Jasb Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 54 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
The Stan Spirou Field House (formerly known as the SNHU Fieldhouse) is a 2,000 seat facility on the campus of Southern New Hampshire University in Manchester, New Hampshire, United States. A part of their Athletics and Recreation Complex, it is home to the SNHU Penmen basketball & volleyball teams, numerous New Hampshire high school basketball tournaments, and was the home of the Manchester Millrats of the Premier Basketball League until their move to Saint John, New Brunswick.
In May 2018, the facility was renamed to honor Stan Spirou. Spirou had coached the men's basketball team for 33 seasons. Spirou was a four-time NECC Coach of the Year (1993, 1994, 1995, 1999), the 2015 Northeast-10 Coach of the Year, a three-time National Association of Basketball Coaches Northeast Coach of the Year (1990, 1994, 1995) and the 1994 Division II Bulletin National Coach of the Year.
References
External links
Athletics and Recreation Complex
Southern New Hampshire Penmen basketball
Basketball venues in New Hampshire
College basketball venues in the United States
College volleyball venues in the United States
Indoor arenas in New Hampshire
Sports venues in New Hampshire
Buildings and structures in Manchester, New Hampshire
Alwine is a small settlement in the marshy flat countryside to the east of Leipzig and roughly 120 km (75 miles) south of Berlin. Administratively it is treated as part of the Domsdorf quarter of the rural Uebigau-Wahrenbrück municipality in the state of Brandenburg.
Overview
Alwine is located on the west side of the L65 (local road) and has approximately 20 inhabitants (2017). It comprises five semi-detached houses, one detached family house, one detached double family house, two multi-family houses and several outbuildings, sheds and garages. Its origins date back to the nineteenth century when some of the factory buildings created for the nearby brown-coal mine began, little by little, to be adapted for residential use. The name "Alwine" is thought to have been the name of a wife or daughter of a mine owner/director from the middle part of the nineteenth century.
After the changes which led, in 1990, to German reunification, brown-coal operations in the area quickly came to an end. There being no alternative sources of employment in the area, people drifted away. The entire 1.6 hectare settlement was sold by auction on 9 December 2017 as a single plot for €140,000 - "a settlement with the character of a village" as it is described in the auctioneer's brochure.
After the mine closed two brothers had purchased the site in 2001 and there was talk of investing in the settlement to benefit from its inherent village charms, but since then one of the two brothers has died. Significant investment never materialised and the estimated rental income from the village is thought to have slipped to a little over 50% of the level envisaged in the original purchase contract.
References
Official Website- Alwine
Localities in Elbe-Elster
The brown-capped weaver (Ploceus insignis) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
References
brown-capped weaver
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of East Africa
brown-capped weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ambrose Charles Drexel Greenway, 4th Baron Greenway (born 21 May 1941) is a British marine photographer and shipping consultant. He is one of the ninety hereditary peers elected to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999, sitting as a crossbencher.
The son of the 3rd Baron Greenway, he was educated at Winchester College. In 1975, Greenway succeeded to his father's titles and in 1987, he was a younger brother of Trinity House. From 1994 to 2000, he was chairman of The Marine Society and from 1995 to 2004 Vice-President of the Sail Training Association. Between 2003 and 2017 he was also chairman of The World Ship Trust.
In 2008, he was Commodore of the House of Lords Yacht Club.
Since 1985, he has been married to Rosalynne Peta Fradgley.
Works
Soviet Merchant Ships (1976)
Comecon Merchant Ships (1978)
A Century of Cross-Channel Passenger Ferries (1981)
All at Sea (1982)
A Century of North Sea Passenger Steamers (1986)
Cargo Liners: An Illustrated History (2009)
Cross Channel and Short Sea Ferries: An Illustrated History (2014)
References
1941 births
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Crossbench hereditary peers
Living people
People educated at Winchester College
Members of Trinity House
Pierre Moerlen's Gong was an instrumental jazz fusion band led by French drummer Pierre Moerlen which developed as an offshoot of the psychedelic progressive rock band Gong founded and led by Daevid Allen. It was notable for the prominent use of mallet percussion, particularly vibraphone, in a jazz-rock context.
History
Amid a flurry of line-up changes in the mid-1970s, including the departure of founding members Daevid Allen and Gilli Smyth, Gong drummer Pierre Moerlen was in charge of the band with two albums remaining on a contract with Virgin.
Moerlen formed a new line-up with his brother Benoit on mallet percussion, US-born bassist Hansford Rowe, and a rotating cast of session guitarists, notably Allan Holdsworth, Mick Taylor, Mike Oldfield, and Bon Lozaga.
They released two albums under the Gong moniker, Gazeuse! (called Expresso in North America) in 1976 and then Expresso II in 1978. Following the completion of the Virgin contract, Moerlen changed the name of the group to Pierre Moerlen's Gong. In early 1979, the group released Downwind, which was a more rock/pop flavoured album that featured occasional lead vocals by Moerlen himself and a cameo by Steve Winwood. Later in 1979 they released another album, Time is the Key, that took the band further into pop/rock territory. The live album "Pierre Moerlen's Gong Live" was released in 1980, followed by another studio album, Leave It Open, in 1981. By this point, Pierre Moerlen's incarnation of Gong scaled back its activity greatly, not releasing another record until 1986's Scientology-inspired Breakthrough, featuring members of the Swedish band Tribute. Second Wind followed in 1988. The group quietly disbanded soon after.
Lozaga, Rowe, and Benoit Moerlen went on to form Gongzilla in the early 1990s, releasing four albums to date which are very much an extension of the percussive fusion that the original group brought to the fold, and they perform a mix of new and old live material going back to the Gazeuse/Expresso II period. Moerlen joined them for their 2002 European tour.
Moerlen revived the Pierre Moerlen's Gong name in 2002 and recorded the album Pentanine with Russian musicians.
The last Pierre Moerlen's Gong album was started in 2005 with another new line-up, this time of young French musicians, when Moerlen died unexpectedly on 3 May 2005, age 53, of natural causes. Although the project was at an early stage, the band nevertheless decided to record Pierre's last compositions, along with some of their own, and release it posthumously as Tribute in 2010.
Personnel
Discography
1976: Gazeuse! (Expresso in North America) (issued as a "Gong" album)
1978: Expresso II (issued as a "Gong" album)
1979: Downwind
1979: Time Is the Key
1980: Pierre Moerlen's Gong Live
1981: Leave It Open
1986: Breakthrough
1988: Second Wind
1998: Full Circle Live '88
2004: Pentanine
2010: Tribute (post-Pierre Moerlen)
Filmography
2015: Romantic Warriors III: Canterbury Tales (DVD)
References
Macan, E. L., Macan, E. (1997). Rocking the Classics: English Progressive Rock and the Counterculture. Germany: Oxford University Press. p. 243
External links
Planet Gong
[ Pierre Moerlen's Gong on Allmusic Guide]
Jazz-rock groups
Jazz fusion ensembles
Canterbury scene
British progressive rock groups
Phyllis Welch MacDonald (July 16, 1913 – September 26, 2008) was an American actress who enjoyed a brief, but successful, theater and film career during the late 1930s. MacDonald appeared in just one film role, Professor Beware, a comedy released in 1938.
Biography
MacDonald was born in Toledo, Ohio.
She made her Broadway debut in the 1935 theatrical comedy, A Slight Case of Murder, by Howard Lindsay and Damon Runyon. She continued to appear in several Broadway shows over the next two years, her other credits including High Tor, and Granite by Clemence Dane
Welch was awarded the New Times Critics' Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the production of End of Summer , which opened in 1937. Her last Broadway appearance was in the 1937 theatrical production of the Maxwell Anderson fantasy, High Tor, which co-starred Burgess Meredith and Peggy Ashcroft.
Her success on Broadway led to a move to Hollywood to pursue a film career. MacDonald appeared in just one film during her brief career. In 1938, MacDonald was cast in the comedic film, Professor Beware of which she co-starred with actor Harold Lloyd. In order to get the part in Professor Beware, Welch had to sign a contract pledging not to become engaged or marry for a period of six months. According to the contract, which was reported by the Los Angeles Times in 1938, a violation of the agreement would have resulted in a $5,000 fine. The prohibition of marriage for six months was included in her contract because filmmakers felt that it would interfere with production of the movie.
Welch married her husband, Graeme K. MacDonald, in 1939 immediately after the completion of Professor Beware and left her professional acting career. The couple raised five sons during their marriage, which lasted more than fifty years. She settled with her family in Hillsborough, California, where she resided for sixty years.
She remained active within regional theater groups in the San Francisco Bay area. MacDonald often collaborated with actress Shirley Temple Black to promote Children's theater within the region.
MacDonald co-founded the Peninsula Children's Theatre in the 1950s and served as its president. The Peninsula Children's Theatre offered plays and other productions for young audiences in the San Francisco Bay Area. She also served on the board of the Hillbarn Theatre.
An artist, MacDonald also worked as a portrait painter on commission. She was a 60-year resident of Hillsborough and was 95 years old when she died. She was an accomplished actress, both on Broadway in New York City and in Hollywood..
MacDonald died of natural causes in her sleep at her caretaker's home in San Mateo, California. She was 95 years old. Her husband, Graeme K. MacDonald, a contractor, died in 1993. She was survived by her five sons and their grandchildren. One of her grandchildren, actress Alexis MacDonald, is the founder of the Strings Attached Theater Company, which is based in New York City.
References
External links
San Francisco Chronicle: Phyllis Welch MacDonald
1913 births
2008 deaths
American stage actresses
American film actresses
People from Hillsborough, California
American portrait painters
American theatre managers and producers
Actresses from Toledo, Ohio
20th-century American painters
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American women
WSM Music Group Ltd.(WSM) is an entertainment company in Hong Kong founded in 1992. The scope of business includes record production and distribution, music publishing & song licensing, audio & video recording licensing, concert organiser, artiste management, professional rehearsal room rental and CD direct sales marketing.
History
The company includes WSM Entertainment Ltd. in artiste management and concert production, and WorldStar Music Int'l Ltd.in production & distribution. Record music label musicNEXT, a young iconic brand to create the supernova artistes is the wholly owned subsidiary of WSM Entertainment Ltd.
WSM Entertainment Ltd.
Founded in 2002, WSM Entertainment Ltd. specializes in repackaging classic singers. WSM Entertainment Ltd. artistes include Rosanne Lui, Wan Kwong, Nancy Sit, etc. Business includes artiste management and concert production, also to arrange performance for their artistes and singers, as well as advertising spokesperson.
WorldStar Music Int'l Ltd.
Founded in 1992, WorldStar Music Int'l Ltd. The scope of business includes recording, production, distribution, direct marketing, business of music copyright, music publishing and agency, and the introduction and promotion of European, American and Southeast Asian original classic songs.
List of WSM Entertainment Ltd. artists
Nancy Sit
Rosanne Lui
Lee Heung-kam
Donald Cheung
Alice Lau
Lau Ying Hung
Suzan G
Dianna Tse
Yang Yan
Wan Kwong
Jonny Ip
Peter Chan
Joe Mok
Ching Shan
Xie Lei
Lin Chong
Edith Au
Amy Wong
List of musicNEXT artists
Angela Au
Kellyjackie
TikChi
Lily Chen
Gloria
Fred Cheung
Stephanie Ho
Abo
Eunice Chan
References
External links
Official WSM Music Group Ltd. site
Record labels established in 1992
Pop record labels
Máel Sechlain Mac Áeda (alternatively Malachias Mac Aodha, anglicised Malachy McHugh) was the Archbishop of Tuam 1312 – 10 August 1348.
Background
Máel Seachlainn Mac Áeda was a member of a Connacht family associated with the Kings of Connacht. They were natives of Maigh Seóla, near Tuam, and originally of the Clann Cosgraigh, which was a branch of the Uí Briúin and kin to the Muintir Murchada.
The surname is nowadays rendered McHugh, or more rarely, McCoy.
Episcopal career
Mac Áeda was elected archbishop of Tuam about March 1312, but not translated from Elphin until 19 December 1312, and did not receive possession of the temporalities until 1 April 1313. Also known as Malachais Tuamensis or Malachi MacHugh, he died in 1348.
Leabhair Mac Áeda
He wrote what was described by O'Reilly as "a large volume of miscellaneous matter in Irish, containing, amongst other things, a catalogue of Irish kings from Niall Naoighiallach (Niall Noígíallach) to Roderick O'Conor (Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair). Sir James Ware, in his account of Irish writers, says, it was extant in his time, and called the Book of Mac Aodha. We can not say where it is to be found at present."
Death
His death does not seem to be recorded in any of the extant Irish annals. The cause of his death is unknown, but it may be related to The Black Death which was prevalent in Ireland at the time. The Annals of Connacht state that "A great plague raged in Ireland ... by which great numbers were carried off."
Genealogy
Genealach Mec Aodha/The genealogy of Mac Aodha: Donnchadh s. Maol Eachlainn, the archbishop, s. Maol Eachlainn s. Donnchadh s. Aodh s. Tadhg s. Muireadhach s. Aodh s. Ruaidhrí s. Coscrach s. Flann Abhradh s. Gamhnán s. Conaing s. Muirgheas s. Coscrach Mór s. Donn s. Cumasach s. Dúnghal s. Ceann Faoladh s. Colga s. Aodh s. Seanach s. Duach Teangumha s. Fearghus s. Muireadhach Mál (the king) s. Eóghan Sréabh s. Duach Galach s. Brian.
From Leabhar na nGenealach, 201.6, pp. 442–43, volume I.
See also
McHugh
Crichaireacht cinedach nduchasa Muintiri Murchada
Ruaidhri Mac Aedha, Lord of Clan Cosgraigh, died 1170
Máelsechlain Mac Áeda, died 1270
Denis Mac Áeda, son of Aedh Mac Áeda, Dean of Tuam, died 1339
Paddy McHugh, Independent T.D., born 1953
Ann Maire McHugh, 9/11 victim
References
A Chronological Account of Nearly Four A Hundred Irish Writers, Edward O'Reilly, Dublin, 1820 (reprinted 1970).
The Surnames of Ireland, Edward MacLysaght, 1978.
External links
http://www.irishtimes.com/ancestor/surname/index.cfm?fuseaction=Go.&UserID=
http://www.libraryireland.com/Pedigrees1/Pedigrees1ProperNames.php
Archbishops of Tuam
People from County Galway
Medieval Gaels from Ireland
14th-century Irish poets
14th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Ireland
14th-century Irish writers
Medieval Irish poets
Irish male poets
Irish-language writers
Justo Boneo y Morales was a soldier and knight of the Order of Santiago who served as governor of Texas from 1743 to 1744.
Biography
Justo Boneo y Morales joined the Spanish army when he was young. So, he had an outstanding career in the army, becoming a Lieutenant Colonel, as well as Captain of Grenadiers of the Regiment of the Infantry of Cantabria. He served the army for thirty-two years.
On July 15, 1740, he was sent to Louisiana, to a zone located near Los Adaes, to carry out an inspection of the area and study certain points of the administration of former Neomexicano governor Manuel de Sandoval, as well as the allegedly questionable activities realized by the group of missionaries that worked in Texas. Both authorities (Sandoval and the missionaries) had been denounced by the governor Carlos Franquis de Lugo.
After the investigation was realized, Boneo y Morales joined the military garrison of the Presidio of Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Los Adaes, which defended the region. On the other hand, The defendant, Sandoval, had to pay a significant amount of pesos (the equivalent to $500) and was imprisoned because he did not keep correct accounting practices of his administration and for living in San Antonio, Texas when he was governor of the province, although all the governors of Texas had to live in Los Adaes, which was the capital of Texas.
Later, on December 17, 1743, Boneo was appointed governor of Texas, but he served for less than a year, since he died in September 1744, leaving the position vacant.
Personal life
Boneo y Morales had several slaves, as were Luis (brought to Josepha Flores y Valdés) and Francisco Joseph (sold to the aforementioned Josepha Flores y Valdés).
References
Governors of Spanish Texas
Year of birth unknown
1744 deaths
1740s in Texas
Tejano slave owners
The 1998 United States Senate election in Hawaii was held November 3, 1998 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye won re-election to a seventh term.
Major candidates
Democratic
Daniel Inouye, incumbent U.S. Senator
Republican
Crystal Young, legislative aide
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
1998
Hawaii
Daniel Inouye
Trawut Potieng (; born 27 April 1991) is a Thai badminton player. He won the 2014 Smiling Fish International tournament in the men's doubles event partnered with Watchara Buranakruea.
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Trawut Potieng
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Trawut Potieng
Southeast Asian Games medalists in badminton
Churchgate (station code: CCG) is the southern terminus on the Western Line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway. It is located in Churchgate in South Mumbai, Maharashtra.
History
Early history
The Fort area built by the British had three main gates. One of these gates led straight to Saint Thomas Cathedral Church, hence it was named "Church Gate". This gate was demolished in 1860. Later the Churchgate railway station was built in 1870 in close proximity to the position of the demolished gate.
Churchgate station is a terminus of Western Railway line of Mumbai suburban railway. It is the southernmost station of the city, though up to the 1931, Colaba was the southernmost station, however the rail line was removed beyond Churchgate, making Churchgate the southernmost station.
The Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway (present Western Railway) was inaugurated in 1855 with the construction of rail line (BG) between Ankleshwar and Uttaran (a distance of 29 miles).
In 1859 this line was further extended on the west coast up to Bombay. By 1867, a track along the foreshore, further than Grant Road station was constructed, up to the station named as "Bombay Backbay" near Marine Lines.
On 12 April 1867, the first suburban train was started with one train each way from Virar to Bombay Back Bay.
The stations were then named, "Viraur, Neela, Bassein, Panje, Borewla, Pahadee, Andaru, Santa Cruz, Bandora, Mahim, Dadur, Grant Road and Bombay Backbay".
In year 1870, Churchgate was first time mentioned as the station.
The line further extended towards Colaba in 1872, and goods shed was built there.
In year 1896, a brand-new station was established at Colaba to serve as terminus for both passenger and suburban lines.
The Government of Bombay issued order to the railway to hand over the section of rail line between Churchgate and Colaba.
Therefore, Bombay Central (Mumbai Central), a new station was constructed near Bellasis Bridge, which was opened on 18 December 1930.
From the midnight of 31 December, Colaba, ceased to be a terminus.
Current history
Presently, this station is home to the Western Railway headquarters. The older Western Railway headquarters is across the road. Today, the station is one of the busiest stations in the city. Trains arrive and depart every minute with clockwork precision. Millions of city dwellers residing in the suburbs alight at this station to get to their offices in the business districts of south Mumbai. The total cost of reconstruction of Churchgate Station was INR 12.8 million approximately, which includes remodelling of the yard, construction of platforms, station premises and offices
The station is the terminus for local trains on Western Railways. The earliest train departs at 4:15 for Virar, and the last train at 1:00 towards Borivali.
Till 2010, the station had platforms which could accommodate 9 and 12 coach trains. But with the introduction of 15-coach trains there was a need to extend the length of the platform. Hence in Dec 2010 work began on extension of the platforms to accommodate the 15-coach trains.
On 28 June 2015 a train derailed after crashing into the end of the platform after not stopping in time. Five people were injured.
References
External links
Video Tour of Churchgate Station Terminus
Mumbai WR railway division
Railway stations in Mumbai City district
Mumbai Suburban Railway stations
Railway stations opened in 1855
1855 establishments in India
Railway stations in India opened in the 1850s
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney is a 1925 play by British playwright Frederick Lonsdale. A popular success in London, it was adapted four times as a film, three times in the United States from 1929 to 1951, and the last, in 1961, as a German production.
Play
Frederick Lonsdale's play, about a jewel thief who passes herself off as a society lady, opened at the St. James's Theatre in London on 22 September 1925 and ran for 514 performances. Reviewing the opening night for The Sunday Times, critic James Agate wrote: "It is not a good sort of play, but it is a very good play of its sort." It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1925–1926.
Movie adaptations
The first movie version of The Last of Mrs. Cheyney was released in 1929 in the United States, starring Norma Shearer and Basil Rathbone. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1930 for Best Writing, Achievement for Hanns Kräly.
A second movie adaptation of the same name was released in 1937, starring Joan Crawford, William Powell, Robert Montgomery, Benita Hume and Frank Morgan.
The final American movie version of the Lonsdale play starred Greer Garson and was titled The Law and the Lady (1951).
A German film version was released as The Last of Mrs. Cheyney (1961), starring Lilli Palmer.
Notes
External links
1946 Theatre Guild on the Air radio adaptation of play at Internet Archive
Broadway plays
1925 plays
Plays by Frederick Lonsdale
British plays adapted into films
West End plays
Toruń () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Cesare Milani (4 January 1905 – 21 June 1956) was an Italian rowing coxswain who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he coxed the Italian boat which was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the coxed pair event. Four years later he won the silver medal as coxswain of the Italian boat in the men's eight competition. In 1936 he won his second silver medal as the coxswain of the Italian boat in the men's eight event.
References
External links
profile
1905 births
1956 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Coxswains (rowing)
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Elizabeth Inglis Lothian (22 October 1881 - 6 May 1973) was an Australian teacher of classics.
Biography
Lothian was born in 1881 in Gateshead, Durham, England to John Inglis Lothian, a publisher's cashier, and his wife Lillias, née Smith. The family emigrated to Australia, arriving in Melbourne in 1888. Lothian attended St Kilda State School followed by Presbyterian Ladies' College, East Melbourne. She then enrolled at the University of Melbourne and studied classics towards a bachelor of arts degree, which she completed in 1903. In 1905 she entered Newnham College, Cambridge, on a university scholarship and studied classical and comparative philology and logic. In 1907 she returned to Melbourne and in 1908 completed a master's degree at the University of Melbourne.
In 1908, Lothian took a position as classics mistress at Tintern Ladies' College, Hawthorn, followed by a position as senior classics mistress at the Church of England Girls' Grammar School in 1914. In 1914 she also completed her diploma in education from the University of Melbourne. She retired from teaching in 1946 but continued to teach classics at Queen's College until 1954.
Lothian served on a number of professional bodies during her career. She was a member of the Victorian Women Graduates' Association from 1920, and in 1922 she was appointed to the Victorian School Board's classics standing committee. Lothian also served as a council member for the Classical Association of Victoria from 1927 to 1960. From 1917 to 1953 she was involved with the establishment and running of University Women's College.
Lothian died on 6 May 1973 at Box Hill, Victoria.
References
1881 births
1973 deaths
People from Gateshead
English emigrants to Australia
University of Melbourne alumni
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
19th-century Australian women
20th-century Australian women
Gonbaki () may refer to:
Gonbaki District
Gonbaki Rural District
Chalinga is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.
Species
Chalinga elwesi (Oberthür, 1883)
Chalinga pratti (Leech, 1890)
Chalinga puerensis Tshikolovets, 2017
Limenitidinae
Nymphalidae genera
Acts Retirement-Life Communities (Acts), based out of Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, is the third largest not-for-profit owner, operator and developer of continuing care retirement communities (CCRCs) in the United States. Acts Life Care® communities provide independent living residences for people age 62 and above, with access to assisted living and skilled nursing care services, usually on the same campus.
History
Acts began in the early 1970s, when a suburban Philadelphia pastor and members of the Church of the Open Door, a nondenominational church, sought a new and better way of living for the retired church members. Fulfilling instruction of the Scriptures, their idea was to provide a fulfilling and meaningful independent living lifestyle with a quality skilled health care environment that would be available if ever needed. Using their own resources, this group built the first part of what today is known as Fort Washington Estates, which opened in 1972.
As of 2019, Acts provides housing and services to more than 10,000 seniors through its family of 26 senior living communities in nine states, and employs approximately 8,000 people.
Organization
Acts is divided into four regions:
Northeast - includes Pennsylvania with eight campuses
Mid-Atlantic - includes Delaware, New Jersey, and Maryland with eight campuses
Mid-South - includes Alabama, Georgia, North and South Carolina with five campuses
Southeast - includes Florida and Alabama with five campuses
Locations
Alabama
Magnolia Trace, Huntsville
Westminster Village, Spanish Fort
Delaware
Country House, Greenville
Manor House, Seaford
Cokesbury Village, Hockessin
Florida
Azalea Trace, Pensacola
Edgewater Pointe Estates, Boca Raton
Indian River Estates, Vero Beach
St. Andrews Estates, Boca Raton
Georgia
Lanier Village Estates, Gainesville
Maryland
Heron Point, Chestertown
Bayleigh Chase, Easton
Buckingham's Choice, Adamstown
Fairhaven, Sykesville
New Jersey
The Evergreens, Moorestown
North Carolina
Matthews Glen, Matthews
Tryon Estates, Columbus
South Carolina
Park Pointe Village, Rock Hill
Pennsylvania
Brittany Pointe Estates, Lansdale
Fort Washington Estates, Fort Washington
Granite Farms Estates, Media
Gwynedd Estates, Ambler
Lima Estates, Media
Normandy Farms Estates, Blue Bell
Southampton Estates, Southampton
Spring House Estates, Lower Gwynedd
References
External links
Definition of a Skilled Nursing Facility
Fitch Rates ACTS Retirement-Life Communities Obligated Group (PA) Ser 2012 Revs 'A-'; Outlook Stable
Health care companies based in Pennsylvania
Health care companies established in 1979
1979 establishments in Pennsylvania
The Gooding City of Rocks East Wilderness Study Area is a Bureau of Land Management wilderness study area that covers in Gooding County, Idaho between the towns of Gooding and Fairfield. The WSA is located on the Bennett Hills and features a collection of rock features called hoodoos, which rise to more than . The Gooding City of Rocks East WSA is contiguous (but divided by dirt roads) with three other WSAs in the Bennett Hills: Black Canyon, Gooding City of Rocks West, and Little City of Rocks. Portions of the WSA's borders are formed by dirt roads, which also separates it from the Gooding City of Rocks West and Black Canyon WSAs.
There is a perennial stream in Dry Creek Canyon supports cutthroat trout on the western side of the WSA. Sagebrush and grasses are the dominant vegetation in the WSA, although willows, quaking aspen, and cottonwoods can be found in sections of some canyons. Wildlife that can be found in the WSA include elk, mule deer, coyote, and various birds of prey and upland game. Other streams, including Hot, Cottonwood, and Coyote creeks, flow through the WSA. Out of the total WSA area of , a total of was recommended to be included as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System because it provides exceptional wilderness values. However, the area will remain a WSA until it is released or designated a wilderness area.
References
Protected areas of Gooding County, Idaho
Protected areas established in 1992
Bureau of Land Management areas in Idaho
1992 establishments in the United States
Libya competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. The country has three sportspeople competing in two sports.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Waleed Ashteebah is competing in the Men's Javelin Throw - F44 event, and is classified F42.
Men's Field
Powerlifting
Ghazalah Alaqouri and Sahar Elgnemi are Libya's two powerlifting competitors.
See also
Libya at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Paralympics
Skhirat (; Berber: ⴰⵙⵖⵉⵔⵔⴰⵜ) is a seaside town in Morocco situated between the administrative capital Rabat and the economic centre of Casablanca, known within Morocco for its idyllic beaches on the edge of the Atlantic Ocean.
Within the past decade it has steadily developed; especially with high class beach properties.
Life in Skhirat is distinguished between the rural population living from agricultural products, the agile municipal town center and the ocean site, where an authentic small harbour provides work for many fishermen.
History
20th century
Located in Skhirat is the summer palace of the Moroccan King Mohammed VI, venue of a failed military coup against King Hassan II in July 1971. As Hassan II celebrated his 42nd birthday, nearly 250 dissenting Moroccan troops from Ahermoumou unsuccessfully stormed the palace. Following their failure, the alleged organizers of the rebellion were publicly executed.
21st century
Skhirat is home to the Mohammed VI International Conference Center (CIC Mohamed VI). The CIC was constructed in the early 2000s by Britannia Hotels, meeting the demand for dedicated infrastructure to "organize international conferences" in Morocco's major cities.
In December 2015, the city again gained international notoriety as it became the host for the Skhirat agreement. This agreement, brokered by the major Libyan factions and the United Nations, came to fruition at the CIC Mohamed VI.
Places of interest
The main beach, right beside the summer palace of the Moroccan King is a well-known spot for vacationers and weekend retreat for visitors from the capital Rabat. It has become a key rallying point for surfers from the whole region.
Two associations (Associations de Surf Skhirat Plage and Association des Jeunes Surfeurs de Skhirat) offer surf courses for all levels. They are located directly beside the "L'Amphitrite Palace Resort and Spa."
This luxury hotel offers a private beach appreciated by vacationers as well as international business travelers, because of its proximity to the CIC Mohammed VI (Le Centre Internationale des Conferences Mohammed VI).
https://skhirat.ma/
References
Populated coastal places in Morocco
Populated places in Rabat-Salé-Kénitra
The 2009 Heartland Championship is the 4th provincial rugby union competition in New Zealand since the 2006 reconstruction, involving the 12 amateur rugby unions. The round-robin ran from 29 August to 17 October with 30 games in round one and 18 games in round two for a total of 48 games being played through the round-robin, after which the teams went into the playoffs. In the playoffs, the top four teams from each pool in round two went on to semifinals, and then a grand final for each pool was played on 31 October.
Wanganui won their second consecutive Meads Cup, each coming by defeating Mid Canterbury in the final. Wanganui was a Meads Cup finalist in each of the first four years of the Heartland Championship. North Otago defeated West Coast in the Lochore Cup final. North Otago is the only team to win both the Meads Cup (2007) and the Lochore Cup. This was West Coast's first finals appearance in any provincial championship.
Pool Stage
The 2009 Heartland Championship Pool Stage ran for 8 weeks from 29 August to 17 October. Teams were assigned to Pool A or Pool B, based on their performance in the 2008 season. The Pool Stage was split into two rounds, Round One ran for five weeks with each team playing five games. Round Two ran for over three weeks. The top three teams from each pool qualified for the Meads Cup pool and the bottom three teams from each pool qualified for the Lochore Cup pool. Teams faced the three other teams that they did not play in Round One. Competition points were carried over from Round One to Round Two.
Round one
Round One ran for 5 weeks with every team facing the other teams in their pool once.
Pool A
Pool B
Fixtures
There will be a total of 48 matches throughout the pool stage in the 2009 Heartland Championship, 30 in Round 1 and 18 in Round 2.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round two
With the teams split into their respective cup pools, the teams faced each opponent that they did not play in Round One, with the top four teams moving on to the semifinals of their respective groups.
Lochore Cup Pool
North Otago ranked ahead of King Country and East Coast ranked ahead of Thames Valley based on head-to-head results.
Meads Cup Pool
Mid Canterbury ranked ahead of Wanganui based on head-to-head results.
Fixtures
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Knockout stage
Lochore Cup
Semifinals
Final
Meads Cup
Semifinals
Final
Statistics
So far this season there have been 1559 points scored over 36 games with an average of 43.3 points per game, there have also been 167 tries scored.
North Otago has scored the most points this season with 206 points, they have also, along with Wanganui, have scored the most tries with 29 while Wairarapa Bush have given up the fewest points so far with 84.
Points
The table showing how many points scored by each team (white) and how many points each team was scored against them (grey) in the 2009 Heartland Championship. North Otago have currently scored the most points with 206, while Wairarapa Bush have given up the fewest points with 84.
Tries
The list of how many tries each team has scored in the 2009 Heartland Championship. Wanganui and North Otago have scored the most tries this season with 29, while East Coast and Thames Valley have scored the fewest tries with four each.
See also
Heartland Championship
Air New Zealand Cup
2009 Air New Zealand Cup
References
External links
Official website
at Yola.com
2009
3
NZ 2
Marco Nappi (born 13 May 1966), also known as Nippo, is an Italian former professional footballer and current manager, who played as a striker. He was most recently the head coach of Pomigliano.
Playing career
Nappi was born in Rome. After signing with Urbe Tevere in 1982, he went on to play for several other Italian clubs, starting his professional footballing career with A.C. Cesena in 1983, remaining with the club until 1986, also spending two seasons on loan with Ravenna (1984–85, and 1985–86). He moved to Arezzo for a season in 1987, before moving to Genoa in 1988. During his time with Genoa (1988–99), he notably won the 1988–89 Serie B title, helping the club to obtain Serie A promotion, and also winning the 1995–96 Anglo-Italian Cup; he was also sent on loan to various clubs during his time with Genoa: Brescia (1989 and 1994–95), Fiorentina (1989–91), Udinese (1991–92), and SPAL (1992–93). He ended his career in 2006, after a season with U.S.D. Sestri Levante 1919. During his time with Fiorentina, he played alongside Roberto Baggio and also Stefano Borgonovo, helping the club to reach the 1990 UEFA Cup Final, where they were defeated by rivals Juventus. Following his retirement, he worked as a coach.
Style of play
A quick, mobile, and creative forward, with an eye for goal, Nappi was known for his long blond hair, as well as his determination and work-rate on the pitch, and was capable of playing in several offensive positions. A skilful player, he was also known for his control, agility, flair and technical ability, as well as his notable use of tricks and feints to beat opponents when dribbling, such as the sombrero; one of his most famous gestures was his use of the seal dribble, which earned him the nickname foca (seal). His most famous use of the seal dribble came in the first leg of the semi-final of the 1989–90 UEFA Cup, against Werder Bremen; during the match, Nappi picked up the ball in his area and ran 20 metres with the ball bouncing along his forehead along the right flank.
After retirement
Nappi served as a pundit for Telenord following his retirement. A good friend of former footballer and ex-Fiorentina team-mate Stefano Borgonovo, Nappi organised the Genoa–Sampdoria derby "United against ALS" in his honour on 27 March 2009, at the Luigi Ferraris stadium in Genoa, scoring from a penalty.
Coaching career
In 2007, Nappi began a career as a youth coach for Figenpa, a Genoan amateur side. In the summer of 2012, he returned to his former club Savona (with whom he had played from 2002 to 2003) as a coach for the "Allievi Nazionali" youth side, reaching the "finali nazionali" with the youth side. In July 2014, he worked as a coach for Serie D side Comprensorio Montalto, although he resigned from this position at the beginning of 2015.
Honours
Genoa
Serie B: 1988–89
Anglo-Italian Cup: 1995–96
Como
Serie B: 2001–02
Vis Pesaro
Serie C2: 1986–87
Ravenna
Serie D: 1984–85
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Vis Pesaro dal 1898 players
Ravenna F.C. players
S.S. Arezzo players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Brescia Calcio players
ACF Fiorentina players
Udinese Calcio players
S.P.A.L. players
Atalanta B.C. players
Ternana Calcio players
Como 1907 players
A.C. Cuneo 1905 players
Carrarese Calcio players
A.C. Cesena players
Robert Crosse (1606–1683) was an English puritan theologian.
Life
He was son of William Crosse of Dunster, Somerset. He entered Lincoln College, Oxford, in 1621, obtained a fellowship in 1627, graduated in arts, and in 1637 proceeded B.D. Siding with the presbyterians on the outbreak of the First English Civil War, he was nominated in 1643 one of the Westminster Assembly, and took the Solemn League and Covenant.
In 1648, submitting to the parliamentarian visitors, he was appointed by the committee for the reformation of the University of Oxford to succeed Dr. Robert Sanderson as Regius Professor of Divinity. He declined the post, however, and soon afterwards was instituted as vicar of Chew Magna in Somerset. At the Restoration he conformed, and as there was nobody to claim his living, he retained it till his death on 12 December 1683. Anthony à Wood says he was a noted philosopher and theologian, an able preacher, and well versed in the Church Fathers and scholastic philosophers.
He had a controversy with Joseph Glanvill, on the subject of Aristotelian philosophy. This became sharp when Crosse accused Glanvill, and the Royal Society of which he was a Fellow, of being "downright atheists", based on their experimental philosophy. Crosse then passed the baton to Henry Stubbe, who became a very persistent critic of the Society. A book which Crosse wrote against Glanvill was rejected by the licensers, but Glanvill, having obtained the contents of it, sent it in a letter to Dr. Nathaniel Ingelo, who had a hundred copies of it privately printed under the title of the Chew Gazette. Afterwards Crosse wrote ballads against Glanvill with the object of ridiculing him and the Royal Society.
Works
He was the author of Logon alogia, seu Exercitatio Theologica de Insipientia Rationis humanae, Gratia Christi destitutae, in Rebus Fidei; in 1 Cor. ii. 14, Oxford, 1656, 4to.
Notes
References
External links
1606 births
1683 deaths
17th-century English Anglican priests
English Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Westminster Divines
English subscribers to the Solemn League and Covenant 1643
17th-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
English conforming Puritans
Alumni of Lincoln College, Oxford
People from West Somerset (district)
Yaroslav Maslennikov (born 23 April 1982) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HK Gomel of the Belarusian Extraliga.
Maslennikov competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.
References
1982 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey players
Russian ice hockey defencemen
People from Rybinsk
Sportspeople from Yaroslavl Oblast
Tonbon is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
York County is the southwesternmost county in the U.S. state of Maine, along the state of New Hampshire's eastern border. It is divided from Strafford County, New Hampshire, by the Salmon Falls River, and the connected tidal estuary—the Piscataqua River. York County was permanently established in 1639. It is the state's oldest county and one of the oldest in the United States. Several of Maine's earliest colonial settlements are found in the county. As of the 2020 census, its population was 211,972, making it Maine's second-most populous county. Its county seat is Alfred. York County is part of the Portland–South Portland, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
1622 patent
The first patent establishing the Province of Maine was granted on August 10, 1622, to Ferdinando Gorges and John Mason by the Plymouth Council for New England, which itself had been granted a royal patent by James I to the coast of North America between the 40th and the 48th parallels "from sea to sea". This first patent encompassed the coast between the Merrimack and Kennebec rivers, as well as an irregular parcel of land between the headwaters of the two rivers. In 1629, Gorges and Mason agreed to split the patent at the Piscataqua River, with Mason retaining the land south of the river as the Province of New Hampshire.
Gorges named his more northerly piece of territory New Somersetshire. This venture failed, however, because of lack of funds and colonial settlement. Also failed was a venture by Capt. Christopher Levett, an agent for Gorges and a member of the Council for New England. With the King's blessing, Levett embarked on a scheme to found a colony on the site of present-day Portland. Levett was granted of land, the first Englishman to own the soil of Portland. There he proposed to found a settlement named York after the city of his birth in England. Ultimately, the project was abandoned, the men Levett left behind disappeared, and Levett died aboard ship on his return to England from the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1630. One part of Levett's scheme did survive: the name of York, which now adorns the county.
The now-decommissioned Fort Levett on Cushing Island in Casco Bay is named for Capt. Levett.
1639 patent
In 1639, Gorges obtained a renewed patent, the Gorges Patent, for the area between the Piscataqua and Kennebec Rivers, in the form of a royal charter from Charles I of England. The area was roughly the same as that covered in the 1622 patent after the 1629 split with Mason. The second colony also foundered for lack of money and settlers, although it survived the death of Gorges in 1647.
Absorption by Massachusetts
In the 1650s the nearby Massachusetts Bay Colony asserted territorial claims over what is now southern Maine, and by 1658 had completely absorbed what is now southwestern Maine into York County, Massachusetts.
The first known and recorded offer for a purchase of land in York County is in 1668, when Francis Small traded goods with the Newichewannock tribe of this area. Their Chief Wesumbe, also known as Captain Sandy, was friendly with Small and warned him of a plot against his life. A group of renegade tribesmen planned on murdering Small instead of paying him with the furs that were owed to him. Small escaped after watching his house in what is now Cornish, Maine, burn to the ground. Small returned and rebuilt. The Chief made up the loss by selling Small all the lands bounded by the Great and Little Ossipee Rivers, the Saco River, and the New Hampshire border. Known now as the five Ossipee towns, the tract included all of Limington, Limerick, Cornish (formerly named Francisborough), Newfield and Parsonsfield.
The large size of the county led to its division in 1760, with Cumberland and Lincoln counties carved out of its eastern portions. When Massachusetts adopted its state government in 1780, it created the District of Maine to manage its eastern territories. In 1805 the northern portion of York County was separated to form part of Oxford County. When Maine achieved statehood in 1820 all of the counties of the District of Maine became counties of Maine.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (22%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Oxford County – north
Cumberland County – northeast
Rockingham County, New Hampshire – southwest
Strafford County, New Hampshire – west
Carroll County, New Hampshire – northwest
National protected area
Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census, there were 186,742 people, 74,563 households and 50,851 families living in the county. The population density was 188 per square mile (73/km2). There were 94,234 housing units at an average density of 95 per square mile (37/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.56% White, 0.42% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.73% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.17% from other races, and 0.85% from two or more races. 0.70% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. The most cited ethnicities were English (17.9%), French (14.5%), French Canadian (13.9%), Irish (12.5%), United States or American (9.6%) and Italian (5.1%). 90.84% of the population spoke English and 6.92% spoke French as their first language.
There were 74,563 households, of which 32.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.00% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.80% were non-families. 24.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.96.
Age distribution was 24.80% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 30.00% from 25 to 44, 24.80% from 45 to 64, and 13.60% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 94.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.40 males. The median age was 38 years.
The median household income was $43,630, and the median family income was $51,419. Males had a median income of $36,317 versus $26,016 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,225. About 5.90% of families and 8.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.90% of those under age 18 and 8.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 197,131 people, 81,009 households, and 53,136 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 105,773 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.4% white, 1.1% Asian, 0.6% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.3% were English, 19.3% were Irish, 9.8% were French Canadian, 8.1% were German, 7.9% were Italian, 5.8% were American, and 5.6% were Scottish.
Of the 81,009 households, 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.4% were non-families, and 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.89. The median age was 43.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $55,008 and the median income for a family was $65,077. Males had a median income of $47,117 versus $34,001 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,137. About 5.6% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
York County has trended Democratic in the second half of the 20th century and into the 21st century. Although home to the Bush family compound, it only supported the Bush family in one of its four presidential runs (that of George H. W. Bush in 1988). At the same time, it has voted for Republican Senator Susan Collins in all of her reelection campaigns, most recently in 2020.
Voter registration
Communities
Cities
Biddeford
Saco
Sanford
Towns
Acton
Alfred (county seat)
Arundel
Berwick
Buxton
Cornish
Dayton
Eliot
Hollis
Kennebunk
Kennebunkport
Kittery
Lebanon
Limerick
Limington
Lyman
Newfield
North Berwick
Ogunquit
Old Orchard Beach
Parsonsfield
Shapleigh
South Berwick
Waterboro
Wells
York
Census-designated places
Alfred
Berwick
Cape Neddick
Cornish
Kennebunk
Kennebunkport
Kezar Falls
Kittery
Kittery Point
Lake Arrowhead
North Berwick
South Berwick
South Eliot
West Kennebunk
York Harbor
Unincorporated villages or neighborhoods
Bald Head
Bar Mills
Bedell Crossing
Cape Porpoise
East Parsonsfield
East Waterboro
Felch Corner
Ocean Park
Springvale
York Beach
York Cliffs
See also
History of Maine
York County, Maine Tercentenary half dollar, 1936 commemorative coin
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Maine
References
Further reading
W. Woodford Clayton, History of York County, Maine: With Illustrations and Biographical Sketches of Its Prominent Men and Pioneers. Philadelphia: Everts and Peck, 1880.
External links
Official Website of York County
Maine Genealogy: York County, Maine
Maine counties
Portland metropolitan area, Maine
1636 establishments in the Thirteen Colonies
Populated places established in 1636
Robert Shafer may refer to:
Robert L. Shafer (born 1932), American lawyer, lobbyist, and diplomat
Robert Shafer (conductor) (born 1946), American conductor and classical composer
Robert R. Shafer (born 1958), American actor
Educational Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of education policy. The editor-in-chief is Ana M. Martinez Aleman (Boston College). The journal was established in 1987 and is published by SAGE Publishing.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, Social Sciences Citation Index, EBSCO, ProQuest, ERIC, and Wilson Education Index/Abstracts. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.586, ranking it 93rd out of 238 journals in the category "Education and Educational Research".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Education policy journals
Publications established in 1987
7 times per year journals
Gädheim is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It lies in the Main river valley.
References
Haßberge (district)
Gerrit Kinkel Productions is a boutique music production company based in Los Angeles, California.
It was founded in 2009 by Gerrit Kinkel and specializes in custom music creation and licensing for media and film as well as record production and engineering.
(trailer music)
Composition and sound design
Gerrit Kinkel Productions just custom scored Google's new Emoji Ad.
GKP's music and sound effects are a staple in a variety of trailers and motion picture advertising. Recent films include: Transformers: Age of Extinction, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, The Wolf of Wall Street, and more.
Music production and engineering
GKP collaborates on a variety of projects. Most recently American Idol Season 13 and Cher. Other artist collaborations include Sting, Chris Botti, Josh Groban, John Mayer, Arturo Sandoval, Matthew Morrison, Chris Mann, The Boston Pops, Rachel Luttrell and more.
Awards
Music Production & Engineering
Grammy Awards
2013 - Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album (Arturo Sandoval - Dear Diz Everyday I Think Of You) - WINNER
2010 - Best Pop Instrumental Album (Chris Botti - Live In Boston) - NOMINATED
Latin Grammys
2012 - Best Engineered Album (Arturo Sandoval - Dear Diz Everyday I Think Of You) - WINNER
2012 - Album Of The Year (Arturo Sandoval - Dear Diz Everyday I Think Of You) - NOMINATED
2012 - Best Jazz Album (Arturo Sandoval - Dear Diz Everyday I Think Of You) - WINNER
2011 - Best Jazz Album (Arturo Sandoval - A Time For Love) - WINNER
2011 - Best Engineered Album (Arturo Sandoval - A Time For Love) - NOMINATED
Composition & Sound Design
Golden Trailer Awards
2013 - Best Action (GI Joe: Retaliation) - NOMINEE
2013 - Best Animation / Family (Turbo) - NOMINEE
2013 - Best Horror (The Last Exorcism Part II) - NOMINEE
2013 - Best Horror (The Possession) - NOMINEE
2012 - Best Thriller (The Grey) - WINNER
2012 - Best Horror (The Devil Inside) - WINNER
Key Art Awards
2013 - Best Sound Design (Evil Dead) - GOLD
2013 - Best Sound Design (The Conjuring) - BRONZE
2013 - Single Entry (The Conjuring) - SILVER
2012 - Best Sound Design (Silent House) - BRONZE
2012 - Best Sound Design (The Possession) - FINALIST
See also
Trailer music
References
External links
Music production companies
Musical groups established in 2009
James Barlow was a British novelist, born on 1 December 1921 in Birmingham, England. The author of thirteen novels and one work of non-fiction, he was married with 4 children when he died suddenly at the age of 51 in Ireland on 30 January 1973. He is buried near Cork.
Biography
James Henry Stanley Barlow was born on 1 December 1921 in Birmingham, England. During his childhood Barlow lived in various locations in the West Midlands, his father having to move fairly frequently for his job with a bank. The family eventually settled in Wales due to his father's ill health, a problem dating back to his military service in WW1. After his father died, in 1936, the Barlow family returned to Birmingham. Upon leaving school, James attended a commercial college before joining the Birmingham Corporation Water Department. At the outbreak of WW2 he enlisted with the RAF, serving as a gunner, then gunnery instructor before being invalided out with tuberculosis.
He began writing during his long convalescence, initially contributing articles to aeronautical magazines. He later began to write articles and stories for other magazines, including Punch. After he had recovered his health, James returned to the Birmingham Corporation as water rates inspector and began to write in earnest.
His first novel, The Protagonists, drawing on his experiences in Wales and his time recovering from TB in a sanatorium, was published in 1956. Although receiving some critical acclaim with this and his next two books, he did not achieve real success until 1960, with the publication of The Patriots, a story of war veterans struggling to adjust to civilian life and drifting into a life of crime.
In 1969 Barlow moved with his family to Tasmania in Australia but returned a few years later and settled in Ireland. He died suddenly on 30 January 1973 in Cork.
Bibliography
The Protagonists (1956)
One Half of the World (1957)
The Man with Good Intentions (1958)
The Patriots (1960)
Term of Trial (1961)
The Hour of Maximum Danger (1962)
This Side of the Sky (1964)
One Man in the World (1966)
The Burden of Proof (1968) Reissued as Villain in 1971
Goodbye England (1969)
Liner (1970)
Both Your Houses (1971)
In All Good Faith (1971)
Film adaptations
Term of Trial (1962) (based on novel)
Villain (1971) (based on novel The Burden of Proof)
References
External links
Writers from Birmingham, West Midlands
1921 births
1973 deaths
20th-century English novelists
English male novelists
20th-century English male writers
British expatriates in Australia
British expatriates in Ireland
Karl Sesta (18 March 1906 – 12 July 1974) was a footballer who represented both the Austrian and German national sides.
Club career
He played club football for Vorwärts XI, 1. Simmeringer SC, FK Teplice, Wiener AC, FK Austria Wien, LSV Markersdorf an der Pielach, First Vienna FC and SPC Helfort Wien.
International career
He made his debut for Austria in May 1932 against Czechoslovakia and he participated at the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He earned 44 caps for Austria, scoring one goal.
Honours
Mitropa Cup (1):
1936
External links
Player profile - Austria Archive
References
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Dual internationalists (football)
1934 FIFA World Cup players
FK Austria Wien players
First Vienna FC players
BC Augsburg managers
FC Red Bull Salzburg managers
1. Simmeringer SC players
1906 births
1974 deaths
Footballers from Vienna
Wiener Sport-Club managers
Association football defenders
German football managers
Immortal Light () is a 1951 West German drama film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt and starring Rudolf Forster, Cornell Borchers and Volker von Collande. It was shot at the Bavaria Studios in Munich.
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1951 films
1951 drama films
German drama films
West German films
1950s German-language films
Films directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt
Films shot at Bavaria Studios
Films scored by Ralph Benatzky
German black-and-white films
Films set in France
1950s German films
Gaston Mullegg (24 August 1890 – 3 August 1958), also known as Mühlegg, was a Swiss sports official. He was the president of the Fédération Internationale des Sociétés d'Aviron (FISA), the International Rowing Federation, from 1949 or 1950 (sources differ) until his death.
Mullegg was born in 1890 in Murten, Switzerland. He had an interest for many sports but his passion was for rowing. As a rowing official, he was involved in organising the Olympic rowing competitions in Amsterdam (1928), Los Angeles (1932), Berlin (1936), London (1948), Helsinki (1952), and Melbourne (1956). He became president of FISA when he succeeded Rico Fioroni in 1949 or 1950.
Aged 64, Mullegg obtained a pilot's license. He was piloting a plane near the Parc de Mon Repos in Lausanne when the engine lost power. Mullegg was killed in the crash and his two passengers, French rowers Jean Méry and Louis Patricot, suffered serious injuries. He was survived by his wife and succeeded by Thomas Keller as president of FISA.
Mullegg is credited with conceiving the idea of having World Rowing Championships. The first world championships had been planned for 1958 in Philadelphia but at the FISA congress in 1957, the Americans withdrew from organising the event. Work on contingency plans stopped when Mullegg died. At the FISA congress in November 1958, it was agreed that world championships would proceed and the inaugural World Rowing Championships were held in 1962 in Lucerne.
References
1890 births
1958 deaths
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents
People from Murten
Rowing officials
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in Switzerland
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1958
A Thousand Ships Bay is a bay located on the south coast of Santa Isabel Island in the Solomon Islands, between San Jorge Island and Santa Isabel Island.
References
Tideschart.com tide table of Thousand Ships Bay
Tide-Forecast.com tide table of Thousand Ships Bay
Hammond World Travel Atlas''. Union, N.J.: Hammond World Atlas Corporation, c. 2004–2005. . Page 245.
Bays of the Solomon Islands
"Somebody Loves You" is the debut single by Australian recording artist Betty Who. It is included on her debut extended play, The Movement (2013) and her debut studio album, Take Me When You Go (2014). The song was originally released as a free download in November 2012, and was premiered by pop music blogger and at-the-time official Grammy blogger Arjan Writes.
The song was inspired by the death of Whitney Houston in early 2012. In an interview with Digital Spy, Who said "Two days after she passed away, we were in the studio listening to lots of classics and it made me realise that there's no joy in pop music right now. The message is either 'you hurt me' or 'let's get down in the club.' I wanted to write a song that would make people feel happy and that's where "Somebody Loves You" comes from."
The song debuted at number 4 on Spotify's Most Viral list, gaining more than six million streams and earning Who accolades from BuzzFeed, Perez Hilton, Spin and Nylon, along with spreads in Elle (who called her "your next pop obsession"), Cosmopolitan, and more. Time named her one of 14 to Watch in 2014, NY Mag described her as a mix of "early Madonna…Katy Perry and Robyn, with spunk and confidence", and Billboard hailed her "shimmering tracks…and arresting pop textures."
On 11 September 2013, Spencer Stout uploaded a YouTube video of him proposing to his boyfriend Dustin in a flash mob dance routine at a Salt Lake City, Utah Home Depot. The video, which featured "Somebody Loves You" became a viral hit online, and as of April 2014 had garnered over 11 million views. The attention of the video coupled with the track's official iTunes release, led to the song debuting at number 44 on the overall iTunes Charts, as well as debuting as the number 4 most viral song on Spotify.
On 8 March 2014, "Somebody Loves You" reached number one on the Billboard Dance/Club Play Songs chart.
On 14 July 2014, Who made her television debut, performing the song live on Late Night with Seth Meyers. A remix EP was released on 22 July 2014.
Reception
"Somebody Loves You" received universal acclaim upon release.
Music videos
Video 1 (2013)
A music video was directed by Evan Savitt and released on 21 January 2013. The video shows Who dancing in an empty room while getting dressed to go to a party.
Video 2 (2014)
A second music video was directed by Adam Powell and was released on 4 September 2014 and shows Who dancing in front of a coloured wall in various outfits with dancers. Glee star Kevin McHale. appears in the video.
Track listings
2012 single (independent release)
"Somebody Loves You" – 3:37
2013 single (RCA release)
"Somebody Loves You" – 3:37
2014 remixes
"Somebody Loves You" (Starsmith Remix) – 6:24
"Somebody Loves You" (Jumpsmokers Radio Remix) – 4:24
"Somebody Loves You" (Liam Keegan Radio Remix) – 3:18
"Somebody Loves You" (Hector Fonseca Remix) – 6:44
"Somebody Loves You" (Joywave Remix) – 4:10
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
In 2015, Darren Criss and Chris Colfer's characters Blaine Anderson and Kurt Hummel covered the song in the seventh episode of season six of Glee, titled "Transitioning".
Media appearances
In episode 5 (season 2) of Good Behavior, "You Could Discover Me" (2017), the main character Letty, played by Michelle Dockery performs the song in a drag club.
References
2012 songs
2012 debut singles
Betty Who songs
RCA Records singles
Sony Music singles
The 1997 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were held on February 6–9, 1997 in Vancouver, British Columbia. They were the figure skating national championship which determines the national champions of Canada. The event was organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body. Skaters competed at the senior, junior, and novice levels in the disciplines of men's singles, women's singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian team to the 1997 World Championships.
After this year, novice-level events were held no longer held at the Canadian Championships. They were reintroduced at 2010.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
Senior-level results
Junior-level results
Novice-level results
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Sport in Vancouver
1997 in British Columbia
The Pop Ups (Jason Rabinowitz and Jacob Stein) are a GRAMMY nominated children's musical duo based in Brooklyn, New York. Making their national TV debut on Sprout's "Sunny Side Up Show" in April 2014, the duo released their third album “Appetite For Construction” to critical acclaim in August 2014. The Pop Ups perform regularly around New York City venues using cardboard props, hand-painted sets and a cast of original puppets. They also have toured nationally, including a tour with Yo Gabba Gabba! Live. A leading band in the kids music genre, the Wall Street Journal says the music “reflects the creativity percolating on the independent children's music scene,” and Time Out New York Kids recognizes them as one of the top 15 kids' music bands in the nation.
Overview
Joining forces in 2009, creators Jason Rabinowitz and Jacob Stein have a combined background in music and art. Jason Rabinowitz, a performer and musician, has appeared in Broadway shows “One Man, Two Guvnors” and “Encores! City Center”. Jacob Stein, having studied Art at Yale and Columbia has taught music and education at the University level. The duo created a puppet musical for their two previous albums, weaving unique “electro-acoustic pop” songs into a live stage show. The Pop Ups won praise from critics for their first stage show “PASTA: A Pop Ups Puppet Musical,” which enjoyed successful runs in New York and Los Angeles. The Pop Ups' music is recorded from Jason's home in South Brooklyn, which is also where their stage shows, videos and merchandise are all assembled.
“Radio Jungle” (2012) features such notable collaborators as Shawana Kemp (Shine & the Moonbeams), legendary psych-rock pioneer Peter Stampfel (The Fugs and Holy Modal Rounders), and Oran Etkin, a clarinetist-educator who has participated in other productions recognized by the Recording Academy (GRAMMYs). In 2012 they also released "40 Things To Do In A Blackout" a post Hurricane Sandy relief single. “Appetite For Construction” (2014) premiered to wide critical acclaim from outlets such as Huffington Post, Cool Mom Picks and parents.com. SiriusXM program director Mindy Thomas described the sound as "sophisticated pop beats, juxtaposed with kid-centric lyrics, in a way that's simultaneously masterful and comical,” and named the record “an all-ages album that is defining the family music scene today."
Critical reception
Released in 2012, “Radio Jungle” garnered a GRAMMY nomination and accolades from Parents' Choice, the Fids and Kamily Awards (a national critics' poll) and PopDose. The first single from their most recent album “Appetite For Construction” hit number 1 on SiriusXM's Kids Place Live. The Pop Ups have won two Parents Choice Awards, two National Parenting Publication Awards, and won the #1 Song of the Year on Kid's Corner. The duo have also been featured in Wall Street Journal and New York Times, as well as top 10 lists by Time Out New York, The Washington Post, Fids and Kamily, Zooglobble and Red Tricycle.
"Appetite For Construction" was featured in September 2014 on NPR's All Things Considered by children's music reviewer Stefan Shepherd, who noted that "if MTV had a kids music channel in their video heyday, this song, "All These Shapes" would have been in constant rotation".
In December 2014, the album was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Children's Album category
Discography
Outside Voices – 2010
Radio Jungle – 2012
Appetite For Construction – 2014
Great Pretenders Club – 2015
Giants of Science – 2018
References
Musical groups from Brooklyn
American children's musical groups
American musical duos
is a Japanese tarento and model represented by A-Light. She is nicknamed .
Biography
Hosoi debuted as a reader model in the magazine Egg in 2006. Her first appearance in the magazine's pin-cover was in August 2007, and gained the nickname "Romihi" from the readers. Hosoi appeared in the cover of Egg 24 times. In August 2012, she graduated and announced that she would be moved to S Cawaii!. Although a short model, Hosoi's appearance is popular among fans and readers. On December 14, 2009, she won first place in the "2010-nen no Fashion Leader wa Dare ka" of Mezamashi TV.
Hosoi is friends with Kanako Kawabata, Aya Suzuki, and Rui Kotobuki from the same agency and they have appeared together at various events.
Filmography
TV series
Magazines
Internet series
Other
References
External links
Japanese television personalities
Japanese female models
1989 births
Living people
People from Tokyo
Models from Tokyo Metropolis
John Andrew Chandler (21 November 1907 – 1969) was a South African athlete who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal with the South African relay in the 4×440 yards competition. In the 880 yards contest he finished fourth.
External links
Profile at trackfield.brinkster.net
John Chandler's genealogical profile
1907 births
1969 deaths
South African male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1930 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for South Africa
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Vaporizing oil engine may refer to:
spark ignition engine running on Tractor vaporising oil
hot bulb engine
Hornsby-Akroyd oil engine
The Ninth Seimas of Lithuania was a parliament (Seimas) elected in Lithuania. Elections took place on 10 October 2004, with the run-off on 24 October. The Seimas commenced its work on 15 November 2004 and served a four-year term, with the last session on 16 November 2008.
Elections
In the elections in 2004, 70 members of the parliament were elected on proportional party lists and 71 in single member constituencies. Elections took place on 10 October 2004. Run-off elections were held on 24 October in the single-seat constituencies where no candidate secured a seat in the first round.
Activities
After the elections, Social Democrats led the coalition together with the New Union (Social Liberals), Labor and Peasants and New Democratic Party Union. Artūras Paulauskas was reelected as the Speaker of the Ninth Seimas, having served as the Speaker in the previous term.
In April 2006 the parliament expressed no confidence in the Speaker and Paulauskas was forced to resign, taking New Union out of the coalition. He was replaced as the Speaker of the Seimas by Viktoras Muntianas of Labor Party, who soon left the party to form Civic Democratic Party.
After another disagreement in May 2006, Labor Party joined the opposition. The decision was affected by the decision of the leader of the Party Viktor Uspaskich to resign as the Minister of the Economy after being accused of conflicts of interest. Opposition Liberal and Centre Union joined the minority government that ruled with some support of other opposition parties. At the beginning of 2008 New Union rejoined the coalition. Viktoras Muntianas resigned as the Speaker of the Seimas after a corruption scandal in April 2008 and Česlovas Juršėnas was elected in his stead.
This parliament passed legislation for possible introduction of euro.
Composition
Parliamentary groups
During the first session of the Seimas the following parliamentary groups were registered: Social Democratic Party of Lithuania (LSDPF), Labour Party (DPF), Liberal and Centre (LCSF), Liberal Democrats (LDF), New Union (NSF), Homeland Union (TSF), Peasant and New Democracy (VNDF, later VLF) and the Mixed Group of Members of the Seimas (MSNG).
The term of the Seimas was noted for particularly significant shifts among parliamentary groups. For example, only 20 Social Democrats were elected to the Seimas, but Social Democratic Party political group in the Seimas had 38 members at the end of the term. Parliamentary groups formed during the term included Liberals (LF), Order and Justice Liberal Democrats (TTLDF), Civic Democratic (PDF), as well as Peasant Popular and Civic Democratic (VLPDF) groups.
By the end of the term of the Seimas, the following parliamentary groups were active.
Members
A total of 158 members served on the Ninth Seimas.
References
Legal history of Lithuania
21st century in Lithuania
09
Osteochilus kuekenthali is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Borneo. It is sometimes considered conspecific with Osteochilus kelabau.
References
Taxa named by Ernst Ahl
Fish described in 1922
Osteochilus
Richard Edward Falkner (born 13 August 1982) is an English cricketer. Falkner is a right-handed batsman who plays occasionally as a wicketkeeper. He was born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Falkner represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in List A cricket. His debut List A match came against Wiltshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. From 1999 to 2001, he represented the Board in 5 List A match, the last of which came against the Leicestershire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2001. In his 4 List A match, he scored 122 runs at a batting average of 40.66, with a high score of 46. Behind the stumps he took a single catch and made 2 stumpings.
He currently plays club cricket for Horton House Cricket Club.
References
External links
Richard Falkner at Cricinfo
Richard Falkner at CricketArchive
1982 births
Living people
Cricketers from Northampton
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Bartolomeo Gastaldi (10 February 1818 – 5 January 1879) was an Italian geologist and palæontologist, and one of the founders of the Club Alpino Italiano.
Gastaldi was born in Turin, then capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia. As a child he developed a passion for fossils; the finds he made during excursions in the areas around Turin and Asti were to form the basis for his extensive collection of fossils and geological specimens. Under pressure from his father he studied law at the University of Turin, Faculty of Law; after graduating in 1839 he entered the legal profession.
On the death of his father in 1843 he abandoned his legal work and devoted his energies to geology and palaeontology, making field trips in various parts of Italy and in Spain. He spent the years 1849–52 in Paris taking courses at the Ecole des Mines, the Jardin des Plantes, the Collège de France and the Sorbonne. A particular interest was glaciology. Also at this time he first met Quintino Sella with whom he was to form a lasting friendship.
He became professor of mineralogy and geology at the University of Turin.
On 23 October 1863, together with Quintino Sella and others, he founded the Club Alpino Italiano, the first and largest Italian Alpine Club, becoming its first vice-president. The following year he was appointed as its second president, an office he held until 1872.
In 1870, he was made a member of the Accademia nazionale delle scienze.
Bartolomeo Gastaldi died in Turin in 1879.
Recognitions
The mineral gastaldite, a type of glaucophane, is named after him; so too are the Rifugio Bartolomeo Gastaldi (a mountain hut in the Graian Alps), the mountain called Cresta Gastaldi in the Gran Paradiso group, and the Punta Gastaldi, a peak near Monviso.
References
This article includes material translated from this version of its counterpart in the Italian Wikipedia.
.
1818 births
1879 deaths
Scientists from Turin
University of Turin alumni
University of Paris alumni
University of Turin faculty
19th-century Italian geologists
Italian paleontologists
Italian mountain climbers
Italian expatriates in France
Club Alpino Italiano
The iterative rational Krylov algorithm (IRKA), is an iterative algorithm, useful for model order reduction (MOR) of single-input single-output (SISO) linear time-invariant dynamical systems. At each iteration, IRKA does an Hermite type interpolation of the original system transfer function. Each interpolation requires solving shifted pairs of linear systems, each of size ; where is the original system order, and is the desired reduced model order (usually ).
The algorithm was first introduced by Gugercin, Antoulas and Beattie in 2008. It is based on a first order necessary optimality condition, initially investigated by Meier and Luenberger in 1967. The first convergence proof of IRKA was given by Flagg, Beattie and Gugercin in 2012, for a particular kind of systems.
MOR as an optimization problem
Consider a SISO linear time-invariant dynamical system, with input , and output :
Applying the Laplace transform, with zero initial conditions, we obtain the transfer function , which is a fraction of polynomials:
Assume is stable. Given , MOR tries to approximate the transfer function , by a stable rational transfer function , of order :
A possible approximation criterion is to minimize the absolute error in norm:
This is known as the optimization problem. This problem has been studied extensively, and it is known to be non-convex; which implies that usually it will be difficult to find a global minimizer.
Meier–Luenberger conditions
The following first order necessary optimality condition for the problem, is of great importance for the IRKA algorithm.
Note that the poles are the eigenvalues of the reduced matrix .
Hermite interpolation
An Hermite interpolant of the rational function , through distinct points , has components:
where the matrices and may be found by solving dual pairs of linear systems, one for each shift [Theorem 1.1]:
IRKA algorithm
As can be seen from the previous section, finding an Hermite interpolator of , through given points, is relatively easy. The difficult part is to find the correct interpolation points. IRKA tries to iteratively approximate these "optimal" interpolation points.
For this, it starts with arbitrary interpolation points (closed under conjugation), and then, at each iteration , it imposes the first order necessary optimality condition of the problem:
1. find the Hermite interpolant of , through the actual shift points: .
2. update the shifts by using the poles of the new :
The iteration is stopped when the relative change in the set of shifts of two successive iterations is less than a given tolerance. This condition may be stated as:
As already mentioned, each Hermite interpolation requires solving shifted pairs of linear systems, each of size :
Also, updating the shifts requires finding the poles of the new interpolant . That is, finding the eigenvalues of the reduced matrix .
Pseudocode
The following is a pseudocode for the IRKA algorithm [Algorithm 4.1].
algorithm IRKA
input: , , closed under conjugation
% Solve primal systems
% Solve dual systems
while relative change in {} > tol
% Reduced order matrix
% Update shifts, using poles of
% Solve primal systems
% Solve dual systems
end while
return % Reduced order model
Convergence
A SISO linear system is said to have symmetric state space (SSS), whenever: This type of systems appear in many important applications, such as in the analysis of RC circuits and in inverse problems involving 3D Maxwell's equations. For SSS systems with distinct poles, the following convergence result has been proven: "IRKA is a locally convergent fixed point iteration to a local minimizer of the optimization problem."
Although there is no convergence proof for the general case, numerous experiments have shown that IRKA often converges rapidly for different kind of linear dynamical systems.
Extensions
IRKA algorithm has been extended by the original authors to multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems, and also to discrete time and differential algebraic systems [Remark 4.1].
See also
Model order reduction
References
External links
Model Order Reduction Wiki
Numerical analysis
Mathematical modeling
Laurie "Lol" Crawley (born in Shrewsbury, Shropshire), is an English cinematographer. His works include Ballast, Four Lions, and The Crimson Petal and the White.
In 2013, Crawley shot Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom, which was shown at the Toronto International Film Festival and has attracted critical attention for its cinematography.
Crawley has been inducted into the British Society of Cinematographers. He has been awarded two cinematography awards at film festivals, and also has been nominated for a 2014 Film Independent Spirit Award.
In 2016 The Playlist profiled Crawley in their filmmakers on the rise stating that, "British DP Lol Crawley isn't quite a brand-new name — he's been doing some remarkably impressive work in features for nearly a decade now. But of late, he's gone from an extraordinarily impressive cinematographer to staking his claim at being one of the best in the world."
Filmography
Feature films
Television
Music videos
Awards
2008 Sundance Film Festival Excellence in Cinematography Award for Ballast
2009 Independent Spirit Awards Best Cinematography for Ballast (nomination)
2010 UK Music Video Awards Best Cinematography for Plan B - Stay Too Long (Music Video)
2010 Design and Art Direction Awards Best Cinematography (Nominated) for Plan B - Stay Too Long (Music Video)
2011 Woodstock Film Festival Best Cinematography for On the Ice
2014 Royal Television Society Photography - Drama for Utopia''
References
External links
1974 births
British cinematographers
Living people
People from Shrewsbury
Antanas Juozapavičius (13 February 1894 – 13 February 1919) was the first officer of the Army of the Republic of Lithuania to die while fighting in the Lithuanian Wars of Independence.
Biography
Antanas Juozapavičius was born to Juozapas Juozapavičius and his wife Marijona Juozapavičienė. He was born in the small Švakštonys manor, which the parents were renting. As farming was financially unsuccessful, the family emigrated to Riga, where Juozapas Juozapavičius worked as a wagoner.
In 1902, Antanas Juozapavičius started going to school in Riga, and from 1905 to , although he was thrown out of school in sixth grade for the spreading of Lithuanian ideas. In Tartu, he educated to become a pharmacist, and from 1914 onwards worked as such in the pharmacies of Riga and Tartu.
World War I
After World War I started, in 1915 he enlisted as a volunteer of the Imperial Russian Army. After a few months he was sent to the Moscow military school, graduating as a Praporshchik, after which he was assigned to the in Tver. In 1916 he completed the Gatchina machine gunner's school and promptly returned to his regiment.
In the ranks of the Latvian Riflemen
In the end of 1916, on his request, he transferred to the , as he knew Latvian. In the fights for Riga with Germans, he was injured and subsequently treated in Riga. He was awarded the 4th class of the Order of Saint Anna.
After the February Revolution
In 1917 June in Smolensk, after healing in the hospital, he was active in the committee for the organisation of Lithuanian military units. On 26 November 1917, he was the commander of the 4th company of the Special Lithuanian Battalion and temporarily the commander of the , which was disbanded on 15 March 1918.
Lithuanian Wars of Independence
Antanas Juozapavičius returned to Lithuania in June 1918. From 24 November 1918 he was the adjutant of the country's Defence Minister Augustinas Voldemaras. Later he was assigned to the 1st Infantry Regiment, which was moved from Vilnius to Alytus on 18 December 1918. When and Kazys Ladiga, who disapproved of the former's leadership, were removed from the regiment, Antanas Juozapavičius was made the temporary regimental commander on 4 February 1919.
Death
He was wounded on the bridge of Alytus during the Battle of Alytus on his 25th birthday, when the regiment had to retreat for fear of encirclement, as the neighbouring allied German soldiers unexpectedly retreated. However, Lithuanians quickly retook control of Alytus.
Burial
He was buried on 14 February 1919 in the churchyard of . On 28 April 1919, he was ceremoniously reburied in the cemetery of Alytus, next to the .
References
More reading
Petras Biržys. Karininkas Antanas Juozapavičius, 1923 m.
Karolis Dineika. Lietuvos karžygys Antanas Juozapavičius, 1926 m.
Karininkas Antanas Juozapavičius, 1894 02 13 – 1919 02 13 (sud. Jonas Aničas). – 2-asis papild. ir patais. leid. – Vilnius: LR krašto apsaugos ministerija, 2004. – 124 p.: iliustr. –
https://luksas.wordpress.com/2011/02/11/karininkas-tapes-legenda/
Lithuanian Army officers
Latvian Riflemen
Russian military personnel of World War I
1894 births
1919 deaths
Military personnel killed in action
Candaciidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera:
Candacia Dana, 1846
References
Copepods
Bejuco is a district of the Nandayure canton, in the Guanacaste province of Costa Rica. Located on the Nicoya Peninsula.
Geography
Bejuco has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
Villages
Administrative center of the district is the village of Bejuco.
Other villages in the district are Caletas, Candelillo, Corozalito, Chiruta, Chompipe (partly), I Griega, Islita, Jabilla, Jabillos, Maicillal, Maquencal, Milagro, Millal, Mono, Pampas, Paso Vigas, Pecal, Playa Coyote, Playa San Miguel, Pueblo Nuevo, Punta Bejuco, Puerto Coyote, Quebrada Nando, Quebrada Seca, Rancho Floriana, San Francisco de Coyote, San Gabriel, San Miguel, Triunfo and Zapote.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Bejuco had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 160
National Route 163
National Route 623
National Route 903
National Route 915
References
Districts of Guanacaste Province
Populated places in Guanacaste Province
Radical 63 or radical door () meaning "door" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 44 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
, the xin zixing (new character form) of , is the 97th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China. Since the difference between and is defined as a typeface difference rather than variant forms, no associated indexing component is listed under . is also the standard form in Hong Kong Traditional Chinese.
In Japanese jōyō kanji (commonly used kanji), the radical is replaced with the shinjitai (new) form , while the kyujitai (old) form as a component is used in hyōgai kanji.
Evolution
Derived characters
Variant forms
This radical takes different forms in different languages or characters.
Traditionally, both 戶 and 戸 were widely used in printing, while 户 was used only as a writing form. In the Kangxi Dictionary, was chosen as the standard form, which was then inherited by Taiwan Traditional Chinese and Korean hanja.
In mainland China, after the adoption of simplified Chinese characters and xin zixing (new character forms), , which used to be a handwriting form, became the standard xin zixing printing form. This change also applies to China's Guo Biao (national standard) Traditional Chinese which is used chiefly in printing Chinese classics. is also the standard form in Hong Kong's List of Graphemes of Commonly-Used Chinese Characters, a non-mandatory standard of Hong Kong Traditional Chinese, though appears more frequently in daily use. Note that in both mainland China and Hong Kong, the left component of remains to be .
In Japan, the radical in jōyō kanji (commonly used kanji, including ) are replaced with its shinjitai form , while in hyōgai kanji (characters from outside the jōyō kanji table), the radical remains to be , causing an inconsistency. Both and could be used as the radical's names in Japanese dictionaries' indexes.
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6236
063
097
Bonkbuster (a play on "blockbuster" and the verb "to bonk") is a term coined in 1989 by British writer Sue Limb to describe a subgenre of commercial romance novels in the 1970s and 1980s, as well as their subsequent miniseries adaptations. They have also been referred to as sex 'n' shopping or shopping and fucking novels (S&F).
Genre history
Although the term has been used generally to describe "bodice-rippers" such as Forever Amber (1944) by Kathleen Winsor, as well as Valley of the Dolls (1966) and the novels of Jacqueline Susann and Harold Robbins, it is specifically associated with the novels of Judith Krantz, Jackie Collins, Shirley Conran, and Jilly Cooper, known for their glamorous, financially independent female protagonists and salacious storylines. Many of these novels were adapted in the 1980s into glossy, big-budget miniseries, reminiscent of primetime soaps of the time, such as Dallas, Knots Landing and Dynasty.
Examples
Scruples (1978) by Judith Krantz, adapted as a 1980 miniseries
Princess Daisy (1980) by Judith Krantz, adapted as a 1983 miniseries
Bare Essence (1980) by Meredith Rich, adapted as a TV series
Chances (1981) and Lucky (1985) by Jackie Collins, adapted as a 1990 miniseries
Lace (1982) by Shirley Conran, adapted as a 1984 miniseries
Sins (1982) by Judith Gould, adapted as a 1986 miniseries
Mistral's Daughter (1982) by Judith Krantz, adapted as a 1984 miniseries
Crossings (1982) by Danielle Steel, adapted as a 1986 miniseries
Hollywood Wives (1983) by Jackie Collins, adapted as a 1985 miniseries
Queenie (1985) by Michael Korda, adapted as a 1987 miniseries
Return to Eden (1985), novelised by Rosalind Miles
I'll Take Manhattan (1986) by Judith Krantz, adapted as a 1987 miniseries
Till We Meet Again (1988) by Judith Krantz, adapted as a 1989 miniseries
Dazzle (1990) by Judith Krantz, adapted as a 1995 miniseries
Lady Boss (1990) by Jackie Collins, adapted as a 1992 miniseries
Torch Song (1993) by Judith Krantz
References
Fiction by genre
Romance genres
Literary genres
Hollywood novels
The Sokoto Caliph is the ruler of the Sokoto Caliphate. The official title is Sultan of Sokoto and includes the title "Amir-ul-Momineen". The post has become increasingly ceremonial since British rule, but the Sultan, considered a spiritual leader in the Muslim community in Nigeria, can still carry much weight with Fulani and Hausa people from northern Nigeria.
The Sokoto Caliphate leaders are partly Arabs and partly Fulani as stated by Abdullahi dan Fodio, brother of Usman dan Fodio who claimed that their family are part Fulani, and part Arabs, they claimed to descent from the Arabs through Uqba ibn Nafi who was an Arab Muslim of the Umayyad branch of the Quraysh, and hence, a member of the family of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, Uqba ibn Nafi allegedly married a Fulani woman called Bajjumangbu through which the Torodbe family of Usman dan Fodio descended. Caliph Muhammed Bello writing in his book Infaq al-Mansur claimed descent from Muhammad through his paternal grandmother's lineage called Hawwa (mother of Usman dan Fodio), Alhaji Muhammadu Junaidu, Wazirin Sokoto, a scholar of Fulani history, restated the claims of Shaykh Abdullahi bin Fodio in respect of the Danfodio family been part Arabs and part Fulani, while Ahmadu Bello in his autobiography written after independence replicated Caliph's Muhammadu Bello claim of descent from the Arabs through Usman Danfodio's mother, the historical account indicates that the family of Shehu dan Fodio are partly Arabs and partly Fulani who culturally assimilated with the Hausas and can be described as Hausa-Fulani Arabs, Prior to the beginning of the 1804 Jihad the category Fulani was not important for the Torankawa (Torodbe), their literature reveals the ambivalence they had defining Torodbe-Fulani relationships. They adopted the language of the Fulbe and much ethos while maintaining a separate identity. The Toronkawa clan at first recruited members from all levels of Sūdānī society, particularly the poorer people.
Toronkawa clerics included people whose origin was Fula, Wolof, Mande, Hausa and Berber.
However, they spoke the Fula language, married into Fulbe families, and became the Fulbe scholarly caste.*
Shaihu Usman dan Fodio, the founder of the dynasty of Sokoto State and of the Fulani Empire (consisting of the Fulbe Jihad states of which Sokoto was suzerain), never used the high style of Sultan (his son was the first to do so), but was simply titled Amir al-Mu´minin, also styled . The sultan of Sokoto is the leader of the Qadiriyya Sufi order, historically the most important Muslim position in Nigeria and senior to the Emir of Kano, the leader of the Tijaniyya Sufi order.
List of sultans
As mentioned above, the sultans were also styled Amir al-Mu´minin and Sarkin Musulmi ("King of the Muslims", basically the autochthonous form of the former, which is the Arabic style of Caliphs and other independent sovereign Muslim rulers that claim legitimacy from a community of Muslims); Mai, occurring in various sultans' surnames, is another autochthonous title.
Genealogical tree of the sultans of Sokoto
See also
Sokoto Sultanate Council
Sokoto Grand Vizier
References
Sources and references
Falola, Toyin, (2009) Historical Dictionary of Nigeria Scarecrow Press: Lanham, Md.
Burdon, J. A. (1907) "Sokoto History: Tables of Dates and Genealogy" Journal of the Royal African Society Volume 6, #24.
Sokoto
Muslim dynasties
Sokoto
Sokoto State
Sultans of Sokoto
The marble-faced bristle tyrant (Pogonotriccus ophthalmicus) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. This species is sometimes placed in the genus Phylloscartes. It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Further reading
</ref>
marble-faced bristle tyrant
Birds of the Northern Andes
marble-faced bristle tyrant
marble-faced bristle tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Queen's University Faculty of Law is a professional faculty of Queen's University at Kingston in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. According to the 2013 Maclean's Magazine Law School Rankings, Queen's is tied for third among law schools in Canada.
While the tradition of legal education at Queen's University heralds back nearly 150 years in 1861, the law school as it currently exists was officially established in 1957. Past and current professors at Queen's such as William Lederman, Toni Pickard, Gary Trotter, Allan Manson, Nick Bala and Don Stuart are routinely cited in Supreme Court of Canada and other appellate decisions. As consultants, advisors, and project directors, Queen's Law professors have made substantial contributions to various provincial and national law commissions, as well as national and international organizations.
Queen's Law School is housed in the Law Building (formerly known as Sir John A. Maconald Hall). The building was inaugurated by Prime Minister John G. Diefenbaker in 1960, and was completely renovated in 2003. It houses the William R. Lederman Law Library, named after the former dean and respected scholar, which contains over 150,000 legal volumes.
History
The first Faculty of Law at Queen's University was established in 1861, two years later awarding its first honorary Doctor of Laws degree to John A. Macdonald who would go on to serve as Canada's first Prime Minister. The first Dean of Law, Alexander Campbell, was also a "Father of Confederation". This early faculty only lasted a few years and efforts were made to revive the law school in 1880 although, again, after graduating a number of students the law school closed after a number of years largely because the Law Society of Upper Canada refused to recognize degrees awarded outside of Osgoode Hall. The modern law school was founded in 1957 with James Corry, Stuart Ryan and Daniel Soberman as the founding members of the faculty. In 1958, William Lederman, the pre-eminent constitutional law scholar of his era, became the first dean of the new law school.
Kingston was the long-time home of Prime Minister Macdonald; as a lawyer, he advocated many famed cases in this city. In honour of its relationship to this Prime Minister, the Queen's University Faculty of Law building was originally named Macdonald Hall. It is located on Union Street, designated to symbolize the union of Upper Canada and Lower Canada in 1841. The name was changed in 2020 after Macdonald's role in the establishment of the Canadian Indian residential school system led to community demands for the name change.
Queen's Law continues to be a unique institution within the Canadian legal academic environment by, for instance, running the only Canadian legal study abroad program at the Queen's University campus at Herstmonceux Castle in East Sussex, England.
The Faculty of Law of Queen's University at Kingston's Arms were registered with the Canadian Heraldic Authority on April 20, 2007. The crest of Queen's University's Faculty of Law consists of a sword and the scales of justice superimposed on the Cross of St. Andrew. Professor Stuart Ryan, one of the law school's founding faculty members, gave the school its motto – Soit Droit Fait. The phrase has a double meaning. It is a statement of the power and creative potential inherent in the law that was used by medieval kings when assenting to bills passed by Parliament – "let the law be made." It is also an expression of the commitment to justice and decency implicit in the ideal of legality – "let right be done."
Academics
Admissions
Most accepted applicants have completed a four-year university program. The preference is to accept those applicants who have an honours undergraduate degree, and many admitted students have attained graduate degrees as well. Acceptance into Queen's Law is highly competitive, with about 2,400 applicants vying for around 160 positions. The average LSAT score of accepted applicants is 163 and the average undergraduate GPA is 3.73 in the general category.
The Faculty Board and Queen's University Senate voted to change the LL.B. degree to a Juris Doctor (J.D.) designation to reflect the fact that the vast majority of Queen's Faculty of Law's graduates enter the program with at least one university degree.
Joint degrees
The Faculty of Law at Queen's University currently offers a Juris Doctor program (J.D.) and a graduate program in law (LL.M.). In addition, combined degree programs include a Masters of Industrial Relations (M.I.R.), Masters of Public Administration (M.P.A.),Masters of Arts in Economics (M.A.) and a Queen's School of Business Masters of Business Administration (M.B.A.). The Faculty of law also has a doctoral program.
Clinical programs
Practical experience is a major component of legal education at Queen's, with mandatory advocacy courses and a large proportion of the student body being engaged in one of the school's five pro bono legal clinics: Queen's Legal Aid, the Prison Law Clinic, the Queen's Business Law Clinic, Queen's Elder Law Clinic, and Queen's Family Law Clinic. The Clinics are located a short distance from the Queen's campus in downtown Kingston. In these programs students gain practical legal training and experience in the realm of social justice and advocacy. Queen's Law is the only university in Canada with a prison law clinic.
International opportunities
Queen's Law also offers exchange programs, visiting scholars and guest lecturers from law schools and legal institutions around the world, and the International Law Spring Program at the International Study Centre (ISC) at Herstmonceux Castle in East Sussex, England.
The International Law Spring Program at Herstmonceaux Castle offers an academic program in international law taught by practitioners and academics from around the world. The international law certificate program is split into three streams: International Public Law, International Business Law and Comparative International Law, and is open to accredited law schools in Canada and the United States and international universities with which Queen's is an exchange partner.
Taking advantage of the ISC's location, the International Law Spring Program includes a number of field trips to international institutions in Europe including the World Trade Organization in Geneva, the Canadian Mission to the European Union in Brussels, the International Criminal Tribunal in the Hague, the United Nations Office in Geneva, and the OECD in Paris, among other key institutions.
Alumni
Notable Queen's Faculty of Law alumni include:
Justice Harvey Brownstone (1980) – Ontario Provincial Court Justice and author of "Tug of War"
Jock Climie (1998) – Lawyer, former CFL player
Justice Thomas A. Cromwell (1976) – Retired Supreme Court of Canada Justice
Justice David Stratas (1984) – Current Federal Court of Appeal Justice
Mike Gillis (1989) – General Manager of the Vancouver Canucks
David Lloyd Johnston (1966) – President of the University of Waterloo – Governor General of Canada
Dhaman Kissoon – barrister and cricketer
Winston George Nesrallah Tannis – Author-Artist, Editor, Publisher, Philosopher-Jurists, Arbitrator, Mediator, Entrepreneur, Executive Chair
Jean L. MacFarland – Court of Appeal for Ontario
David Paul Smith (1970) – Canadian Senator
Faculty
William Lederman – OC (January 6, 1916 – July 26, 1992) was a Canadian constitutional scholar and the first dean of Queen's University Faculty of Law.
Nicholas Bala - leading Canadian scholar on Family Law, frequently cited by the Supreme Court of Canada.
Don Stuart - Leading Canadian scholar on Criminal Law, frequently cited by the Supreme Court of Canada.
See also
List of law schools in Canada
References
External links
Queen's Law School Website
Canadian Lawyer magazine's 2005 ranking of Canadian Law Schools
Canadian Lawyer magazine's 2005 Canadian lawyer's compensation survey
CanLII - Canadian Legal Information Institute
Law schools in Canada
Faculty of Law
is a passenger railway station located in Makuharicho, Hanamigawa-ku, Chiba, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Makuhari Station is served by the Chūō-Sōbu Line (local service) and is located 7.6 kilometers from Chiba Station and 31.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Tokyo Station.
Station layout
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks with an elevated station building located above the platform and tracks. The station is staffed. Tracks for non-stop Sōbu Line (Rapid) services are situated on the north side of the platforms.
Platforms
History
The station opened on 9 December 1894. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 15,944 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Keisei Makuhari Station (on the Keisei Chiba Line)
JR East Makuhari Depot
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information (JR East)
Railway stations in Chiba (city)
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Chūō-Sōbu Line
California Girls is a 1985 American made-for-television comedy-drama film starring Robby Benson and Martin Mull, directed by Rick Wallace. It originally aired on ABC on March 24, 1985.
Plot
A Jersey City auto mechanic travels to California in search of his dream girl, the "California Girl", a girl he saw in cosmetics commercials. He meets the woman of his dreams and a Hollywood photographer, who show him the good life of Los Angeles. The "dream girl" convinces him to follow his dreams and open his own garage with an inheritance from his father. However, the manager may have other plans, and he sees that having his own business is not as hunky dory as he believed. He is a great mechanic, but, because he lacks business acumen, he ends up doing all the hard work at the garage.
He is left high and dry as the business goes belly up, the manager skips town, and his girlfriend has a new beau, thereby throwing him out on the street, just as a California earthquake strikes. Turns out, it is all a dream/nightmare, and the mechanic has second thoughts about going to California after all, but is convinced by his bowling buddy to give it a shot. Upon arrival, he is shocked to learn that it is not much different from his hometown, i.e., rude people, dreary weather, until he meets a nice, down-to-earth woman who also came from New Jersey.
Cast
Robby Benson as Nanthan Bowzer
Martin Mull as Elliot
Charles Rocket as Barry
Ernie Hudson as Ernie
Tawny Kitaen as Karen Malone
Doris Roberts as Mrs. Bowzer
Robert Pastorelli as Mechanic
Norman Alden as Mr. Pegem
Zsa Zsa Gabor as herself
Regis Philbin as himself
Martha Longley as Heather
Robert Firth as Sean
Robert Parucha as Corky
References
External links
1985 films
1985 television films
American television films
ABC network original films
Films about dreams
1980s English-language films
Films scored by Mark Snow
Films set in California
Films set in New Jersey
1985 comedy-drama films
Teen sex comedy films
Robert Hanna Hammond (April 28, 1791 – June 2, 1847) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography
Robert Hanna Hammond was born in Milton, Pennsylvania. He was a member of the state militia, with the rank of brigadier general. He enlisted in the United States Army as a lieutenant in 1817. He resigned and returned to Milton to serve as register and recorder of Northumberland County, Pennsylvania. He served as postmaster of Milton from 1833 to 1837.
Hammond was elected as a Democrat to the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth congresses. He reentered the Army and was commissioned paymaster during the Mexican–American War. He was wounded and ordered home on sick leave. He died at sea before reaching port in 1847. Interment in Milton Cemetery in Milton, Pennsylvania.
Sources
1791 births
1847 deaths
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
Pennsylvania postmasters
People who died at sea
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
Henry Wright was Archdeacon of Kilmacduagh" p105: from 1745 until his death in 1750.
Wright was born in Dublin and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was a Prebendary of Clonfert from 1721 until his death.
References
Archdeacons of Kilmacduagh
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
1750 deaths
Christian clergy from Dublin (city)
Cheyenne County (county code CN) is a county located in the northwest corner of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,616. Its county seat and most populous city is St. Francis.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1873, Cheyenne County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Dundy County, Nebraska (north/Mountain Time border)
Rawlins County (east)
Sherman County (south/Mountain Time border)
Kit Carson County, Colorado (southwest/Mountain Time border)
Yuma County, Colorado (west/Mountain Time border)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 36
Kansas Highway 27
Kansas Highway 161
Time Zones
The county is in the Central Time zone, but is bordered by the Mountain Time Zone in three directions; it is the only county in the United States to have this characteristic. Dundy County, Nebraska to the north, Yuma County, Colorado and Kit Carson County, Colorado to the west, and Sherman County to the south are all located in the Mountain Time Zone. As a result, Rawlins County is Cheyenne County's only neighbor to also observe Central Time.
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,165 people, 1,360 households, and 919 families residing in the county. The population density was 3 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,636 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.91% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.98% from other races, and 0.54% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.59% of the population.
There were 1,360 households, out of which 27.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.10% were married couples living together, 5.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.40% were non-families. 30.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.85.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.80% under the age of 18, 5.10% from 18 to 24, 22.70% from 25 to 44, 21.80% from 45 to 64, and 26.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 97.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,599, and the median income for a family was $34,816. Males had a median income of $24,976 versus $19,569 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,862. About 7.40% of families and 9.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.80% of those under age 18 and 6.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Cheyenne County is a Republican stronghold. Only four Republican presidential candidates from 1888 to the present day have failed to carry the county, the most recent of which ironically being Kansas Governor Alf Landon in 1936 as he also failed to win the state's electoral votes.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2000, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Cheylin USD 103
St. Francis Schools USD 297
Communities
Cities
Bird City
St. Francis
Unincorporated community
Wheeler
Ghost towns
Clugh
Gurney
Hourglass
Jaqua
Lawnridge
Orlando
Townships
Cheyenne County is divided into seven townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the township include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Cheyenne County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 48 pages; 1907.
External links
County
Cheyenne County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Cheyenne County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
Norristhorpe is a village in the township of Liversedge in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England, and is historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire.
Norristhorpe has a primary school, an Anglican church, and a United Reformed Church. A Methodist chapel, built in 1906, was closed in 2004 and is now a private house.
References
Villages in West Yorkshire
Geography of Kirklees
Glucotropaeolin (benzylglucosinolate) is a glucosinolate found in cruciferous vegetables, particularly garden cress. Upon enzymatic activity, it is transformed
into benzyl isothiocyanate (BITC). Isothiocyanates are being studied for their toxicity to cancer, which is more generally sensitive to toxins than healthy cells.
Refs
Glucosinolates
Benzyl compounds
Hans Østerholt (29 August 1873 – 7 November 1958) was a Norwegian trade unionist, editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties. He is best known for founding the humorous magazine Hvepsen in 1905 and editing it throughout its lifespan, until 1925.
Early life
He was born as Hans Rollefsen in Holla, Telemark as a son of farmers. After the death of his mother when Rollefsen was aged two, he grew up with his aunt and uncle Guro and Hans Østerholt at the farm Nedre Østerholt. He hence took the surname Østerholt. He finished vocational training at Skiensfjorden School in 1892. He moved to the capital Kristiania, worked at Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk from 1894 to 1895, then back in Kristiania at the mechanical works Nylands Verksted. He was a co-founder of the trade union and later chaired it. He travelled on a scholarship in Berlin and Chicago between 1898 and 1901.
Career
In 1903 he was elected to the Labour Party's central board, a position he lost in 1906. He was the treasurer of the Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers from 1904 to 1908. However, he was best known as editor of the socialist humorous magazine Hvepsen ("The Wasp"), which he started in 1905 after a fundraiser among trade unions. The magazine is viewed as qualitative and successful during its time, and attracted skilled writers such as Johan Falkberget. In 1916 Østerholt started another magazine as a side project, Blinken ("The Blink"), and in addition he wrote several poems and songs for events in the labour movement. He also started a paper goods store in the party headquarters at Folkets Hus, Kristiania in 1906. Through this he published the annual calendar Arbeiderkalenderen. Hvepsen was also published out of Folkets Hus.
Because of a large work burden, Østerholt had to leave his paper store and Arbeiderkalenderen with the Labour Party in 1913. In 1921, the party split with the Social Democratic Labour Party denouncing the Labour Party line of membership in the Third International. Østerholt joined the Social Democratic Labour Party, and as a result he was evicted from Folkets Hus in 1922. Blinken went defunct that year, and Hvepsen followed in 1925. He was the manager of the Social Democratic Labour Party main newspaper Den nye Social-Demokraten from 1923 to 1925, but after that he left the party press to work in the co-ops. He was the manager of Bryn Co-Op from 1926 to 1930 and the cooperative leaders' association Handelsbestyrerforbundet from 1929 to 1949. He also edited the association's member magazine during that time. He died in November 1958 in Oslo.
References
1873 births
1958 deaths
People from Telemark
People from Nome, Norway
Norwegian trade unionists
Norwegian expatriates in Germany
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
Norwegian magazine editors
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway politicians
Norwegian cooperative organizers
Norwegian magazine founders
WSMO or Web Service Modeling Ontology is a conceptual model for relevant aspects related to Semantic Web Services.
It provides an ontology based framework, which supports the deployment and interoperability of Semantic Web Services.
The WSMO has four main components:
Goals - The client's objectives when consulting a Web Service.
Ontologies - A formal Semantic description of the information used by all other components.
Mediators - Connectors between componentes with mediation facilities. Provides interoperability between different ontologies.
WebServices - Semantic description of Web Services. May include functional (Capability) and usage (Interface) descriptions.
The WSMO working group, part of the ESSI Cluster aligns the research and development efforts in the areas of Semantic Web Services between several European FP6 research projects.
WSMO working group includes the WSML working group, which aims at developing a language called Web Services Modeling Language (WSML) that formalizes the Web Services Modeling Ontology (WSMO).
External links
WSMO Working Group Web Site
WSMO tools
Web services
Semantic Web
Kuźniar is a Polish-language surname. It is an occupational surname literally meaning "blacksmith" (archaic), from "kuźnia", "smithy".
Notable people with this surname include:
Jarosław Kuźniar (born 1978), Polish television and radio presenter
Zdzisław Kuźniar (born 1931), Polish theater, film and television actor
Polish-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Alessandro Petrucci (died 7 June 1628) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Siena (1615–1628) and Bishop of Massa Marittima (1602–1615).
Biography
On 22 April 1602, Alessandro Petrucci was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VIII as Bishop of Massa Marittima.
On 5 May 1602, he was consecrated bishop by Camillo Borghese, Cardinal-Priest of San Crisogono, with Guglielmo Bastoni, Bishop of Pavia, and Horace Capponi, Bishop of Carpentras, serving as co-consecrators.
On 23 March 1615, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul V as Archbishop of Siena.
He served as Archbishop of Siena until his death on 7 June 1628.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VIII
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul V
1628 deaths
That Uncertain Feeling is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Merle Oberon, Melvyn Douglas and Burgess Meredith. The film is about the bored wife of an insurance salesman who meets an eccentric pianist and seeks a divorce. The screenplay by Walter Reisch and Donald Ogden Stewart was based on the 1880 French play Divorçons by Victorien Sardou and Émile de Najac.
Plot
At the suggestion of one of her friends, Jill Baker visits psychoanalyst Dr. Vengard for her intermittent hiccups, which appear when she gets nervous or irritated. He soon has her questioning her previously happy marriage to her business executive husband Larry.
In Vengard's waiting room one day, Jill meets a very odd and individualistic pianist, Alexander Sebastian. He considers himself the best in the world when playing for a single listener, but has trouble performing in front of a large audience. She eventually invites him to an important dinner for Larry's prospective insurance buyers. When Larry realizes that Jill is infatuated with Sebastian, he gives her a friendly divorce, in which Larry is represented by a lawyer named Jones whose secretary is Sally Aikens.
Jill gets engaged to Sebastian, but after she learns that Larry is seeing an attractive woman, she realizes that she still loves her ex-husband. When she visits his apartment to reconcile with him, he goes into the next room and talks loudly, pretending Sally Aikens is in the room and that she is his girlfriend. His deception is revealed when Sally enters the apartment while he is in the next room breaking a dinner date with the distraught "Sally" (her supposed cries of anguish voiced by Larry). Jill and Larry get back together, and her hiccups vanish forever.
Cast
Merle Oberon as Jill Baker
Melvyn Douglas as Larry Baker
Burgess Meredith as Alexander Sebastian
Alan Mowbray as Dr. Vengard
Olive Blakeney as Margie Stallings, Jill's friend
Harry Davenport as Jones, Larry's lawyer
Sig Ruman as Mr. Kafka, Larry's prospective client
Eve Arden as Sally Aikens
Richard Carle as The Butler
Rolfe Sedan as Art Dealer (uncredited)
Reception
The film was a failure at the box office.
Award and honors
Werner R. Heymann was nominated for an Oscar for Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic Picture.
See also
Let's Get a Divorce (1918)
Kiss Me Again (1925)
References
External links
1941 films
1941 romantic comedy films
1940s screwball comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American screwball comedy films
American black-and-white films
Comedy of remarriage films
1940s English-language films
American films based on plays
Films based on works by Victorien Sardou
Films directed by Ernst Lubitsch
Films set in New York City
United Artists films
Films with screenplays by Donald Ogden Stewart
Articles containing video clips
Films produced by Sol Lesser
1940s American films
The 2010 CONCACAF Under-17 Women's Championship was held in Costa Rica from March 10–20, 2010. This was the second edition of the U-17 women's championship for CONCACAF. The first and second placed teams qualified for the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup held in Trinidad and Tobago. The United States were the defending champions from 2008. Trinidad and Tobago did not participate because they automatically qualified to the World Cup as hosts.
Media coverage
Like the 2010 CONCACAF Under-20 Women's Championship held in January, Concacaf.tv broadcast each game in live stream free of charge. Fox Soccer Channel and Fox Sports en Espanol broadcast group games that involved Mexico or the United States as well as all knockout stage matches regardless of participants.
Qualified teams
Group stage
All times are local (UTC−06:00).
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
All times are local (UTC−06:00).
The winners of the two semifinal matches qualified for the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup held in Trinidad and Tobago.
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Winners
Goalscorers
USA's Horan won the top-scorer award with 8 goals.
8 goals
Lindsey Horan
6 goals
Morgan Brian
Taylor Smith
3 goals
Raquel Rodríguez
Maria Moreira
Diana González
Tanya Samarzich
Isabel Farrell
Havana Solaun
Kaili Torres
2 goals
Nour Ghoneim
Alhyssa Villalta
Lucero Luna
Kaysie Clark
Alexandra Doll
1 goal
Haisha Cantave
Kylie Davis
Sabrina Hémond
Kinley McNicoll
Diamond Simpson
Alyssa Chin
Angélica Fallas
Fabiola Sánchez
Shantel Bailey
Trudi Carter
Shenika Williams
Anakaren Llamas
Christina Murillo
Fernanda Piña
Daniela Alejandra Salcedo
Andrea Sánchez
Lindsay Alveo
Olivia Brannon
Jennifer Gonzalez
Cari Roccaro
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Official Site
2008
Woman 's
2010
CON
2010 in American women's soccer
2010 in Canadian women's soccer
2009–10 in Mexican football
2009–10 in Costa Rican football
2009–10 in Jamaican football
2009–10 in Panamanian football
2010 in youth sport
2010 in youth association football
Carlo Scotti (born 11 May 1904, date of death unknown) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Søren Petersen.
References
External links
profile
1904 births
Year of death missing
Heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Italy
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Italian male boxers
The 2004–05 season was the 94th season in Hajduk Split's history and their fourteenth in the Prva HNL. Their 1st place finish in the 2003–04 season meant it was their 14th successive season playing in the Prva HNL.
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Competitions
Overall record
Prva HNL
First stage
Second stage (championship play-off)
Results summary
Results by round
Results by opponent
Source: 2004–05 Croatian First Football League article
Matches
Croatian Football Super Cup
Source: HRnogomet.com
Prva HNL
First stage
Source: HRnogomet.com
Championship play-off
Source: HRnogomet.com
Croatian Football Cup
Source: HRnogomet.com
Champions League
Second qualifying round
Source: uefa.com
Player seasonal records
Top scorers
Source: Competitive matches
See also
2004–05 Croatian First Football League
2004–05 Croatian Football Cup
References
External sources
2004–05 Prva HNL at HRnogomet.com
2004–05 Croatian Cup at HRnogomet.com
2004–05 UEFA Champions League at rsssf.com
HNK Hajduk Split seasons
Hajduk Split
Croatian football championship-winning seasons
The 1936 Washington Senators won 82 games, lost 71, and finished in third place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
References
External links
1936 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1936 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
The Western Army of the Ottoman Empire (Turkish: Garp Ordusu) was one of the field armies of the Ottoman Army. It was formed during the mobilization phase of the First Balkan War. It confronted Serbian, Greek, Montenegrin and Bulgarian armies. It numbered app. 154,000 troops and 372 artillery.
Order of Battle, 19 October 1912
On 19 October 1912, the army was structured as follows:
Serbian Front:
Vardar Army (app. 65,000 men and 172 artillery) on Serbian approach. Commander was Gen. Zeki Pasha
Bulgarian Front:
Ustruma Corps
Montenegrin Front:
Provisional İşkodra Corps
İpek Detachment
Greek Front:
VIII Provisional Corps
Yanya Corps
Karaburun Detachment
Salonika Reserve Division
Sources
Field armies of the Ottoman Empire
Military units and formations of the Ottoman Empire in the Balkan Wars
The 1917 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 26, 1917, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
After replacing Walter Scott as leader of the Liberal Party of Saskatchewan and premier of the province, William M. Martin led the party to its fourth consecutive victory, winning all but 8 of the 59 seats in the legislature.
The Conservative Party of Wellington Willoughby continued to lose popular support.
This was the first Saskatchewan election in which women were allowed to vote and run for office. However, none were declared elected in this vote; the first Saskatchewan woman elected an MLA was after a 1918 by-election.
The Non-Partisan League, forerunner of the Progressive Party of Saskatchewan, nominated candidates for the first time, although none were successful. Labour candidates also appeared for the first time.
The first Independent to sit in the Saskatchewan legislature was acclaimed this election.
An at-large service vote was held to elect three soldiers from October 3 to October 13, 1917. All service members were not affiliated, and were elected to represent Saskatchewan residents stationed in France, Belgium and Great Britain.
Results
Note:* Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
Percentages
Members of the Legislative Assembly elected
For complete electoral history, see individual districts
Notes
1 Magnus Ramsland died in 1918. In the resulting by-election, he was succeeded by his widow Sarah Ramsland, the first woman ever elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
October 13, 1917 service vote results
Like other provinces Saskatchewan held a service vote – actually two separate votes – for Saskatchewan residents in the Canadian armed services fighting during World War I. The first vote was for France and Belgium – two members were elected in a block vote; the top member represented France and the second member elected represented Belgium. Another member was also elected to represent troops in Great Britain. Three seats in the Legislature were set aside for these soldier-MLAs.
France and Belgium
Great Britain
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1917 elections in Canada
1917 in Saskatchewan
1917
June 1917 events
Croatian popular music is the popular music of Croatia.
Prominent mainstream pop artists include: Oliver Dragojević, Gibonni, Dino Dvornik, Toni Cetinski, Thompson and others. Croatia is known for the specific Dalmatian sound performed at various festivals along the Adriatic coast with Oliver Dragojević being one of the most eminent artists. Some of the most successful and long-lasting rock music acts that are treated as "pop" in Croatia include Parni valjak and Prljavo kazalište. A highly acclaimed singer-songwriter is the chanson-inspired Arsen Dedić. Internationally successful singer and songwriter Ivo Robić is a representative of the Zagreb school of schlager. Hip hop bands such as The Beat Fleet and Elemental are also now treated as pop in Croatia. The underground music scene include popular punk rock bands Hladno Pivo, Let 3, and others. Two most popular pop-folk singers, and mainstream artists are Severina and Jelena Rozga.
History
1940s and 1950s
Ivo Robić was one of the first acclaimed popular music artists in Yugoslav Croatia. He emerged in the late 1940s and later launched a very successful international career as well, closely cooperating with the famous composer and Polydor producer Bert Kaempfert, whom he convinced to produce the then upcoming act The Beatles after seeing them performing in the Top Ten Club in Hamburg. Robić is the author of the famous schlager that was later popularized by Frank Sinatra as Strangers in the Night.
The Croatian rock music began in the 1950s, and one of the first classic rocknroll performers was Karlo Metikoš from Zagreb. He moved to Paris, France where he started a successful international career under the pseudonym Matt Collins. He recorded for Philips Records and had an opportunity to meet legends such as Jerry Lee Lewis and Paul Anka.
1960s and 1970s
During the 1960s many prominent groups emerged such as: Grupa 220, Crveni koralji and Roboti. The latter featured Ivica Percl, who after leaving Roboti in September 1966 because they were too loud, became a protest singer-songwriter influenced by the acoustic sound of Bob Dylan, Donovan and Joan Baez. In the same year, the internationally acclaimed Croatian chanson-influenced singer Tereza Kesovija represented Monaco in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966. Another notable female vocalist who emerged in this period was Josipa Lisac (later Karlo Metikoš's wife) who still enjoys huge popularity in Croatia.
The 1970s saw the emergence of artists who espoused hard rock, progressive rock and other styles. Notable artists of that decade included Dado Topić's Time, Atomsko sklonište and many others. Other important group formed in this period is Parni valjak led by Aki Rahimovski. The late 1970s were marked by the punk rock explosion. The group Paraf from Rijeka was one of the first punk bands in Croatia and the former Yugoslavia in general, and later they moved on to post-punk.
1980s
From punk rock emerged the new wave, and Croatia developed a successful scene of its own called Novi val (meaning New wave).
The scene included some the most notable Croatian artists such as Prljavo Kazalište, Azra, Haustor, Film and Aerodrom. This period of the Croatian rock is covered in the rockumentary Sretno dijete released in 2003. Following the decline of the Novi val scene, many new artists emerged during the 1980s: the art rock and New Romantic bands such as Boa and Dorian Gray, the latter led by Massimo Savić, and also the synthpop duo Denis & Denis which featured Marina Perazić, originally from Rijeka, who later became a solo pop artist. Furthermore, from the 1980s to the early 1990s was a great generation which brought out Tomislav Ivčić whose famous song "Večeras je naša fešta" (meaning, tonight is our night/party) was considered to be one of the best generational song to have been written, and is also considered to be one of the most chosen karaoke songs to sing. By this composer, Dalmacija (the Adriatic coastline region) has changed forever due to his great influence musically, and politically.
In another city on the Adriatic coast, in Split, a notable heavy metal group was Osmi putnik, formed in 1985, which featured the now popular solo pop singer Gibonni. Another popular act from this city was the pop group Magazin, while one of the most popular mainstream pop acts in the country was Novi fosili, initially with Đurđica Barlović on vocals, later replaced by Sanja Doležal.
Late 1980s popular act was Boris Novković and his band Noćna straža. He is a son of the prominent Croatian composer of popular music Đorđe Novković. During the existence of the former Yugoslavia with SR Croatia as its constituent country, the Croatian music scene contributed a lot to the federal Yugoslav pop and rock. The Croatian candidates were very successful in the former Yugoslav national preselection for the Eurovision Song Contest called Jugovizija. For several consecutive years, Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest was represented solely by Croatian artists: Doris Dragović in 1986; Novi fosili in 1987; Srebrna krila in 1988, and finally the winners of the Eurovision Song Contest 1989 – the Croatian group Riva.
1990s
The Eurovision Song Contest 1990 was held in the Vatroslav Lisinski Concert Hall in Zagreb, where again, Yugoslavia was represented by a Croatian artist – Tajči. An important person behind most of these successful Croatian Eurovision acts was the prominent popular music producer and composer Zrinko Tutić.
With the outbreak of the Croatian War of Independence many Croatian musicians gathered to record humanitarian or tribute albums for the Croatian forces. Such projects included Hrvatski Band-Aid and Rock za Hrvatsku. The latter included the famous song "E, moj druže Beogradski" (Hey my Belgrade comrade) by Jura Stublić, the frontman of the group Film. Following the proclamation of Croatia as an independent state, many new Croatian artists emerged. One of the most notable hits in this period was Tek je 12 satis by the dance-pop group ET (Electro-team). Croatia's national music awards, Porins, were established in 1994..
Croatian independence also introduced a new generation of performers such as Daleka Obala, Thompson and pop act Baruni.
Festivals
Croatia is known for its specific Dalmatian folk music sound which mixed with various forms of popular music is represented at the festivals held on the Adriatic coast, such as the Split Festival and formerly the Opatija Festival. This style of music is similar to the Italian Canzone and the Sanremo Music Festival and some of its most notable act are Oliver Dragojević and Mišo Kovač. One of the most notable festival solo singer was Vice Vukov, who represented former Yugoslavia at the Eurovision Song Contest 1963 and 1965, before being accused of croatian nationalism during the Croatian Spring and subsequently persecuted by the Yugoslav authorities. Other eminent festival performers include: Tereza Kesovija, Doris Dragović, Jasna Zlokić, Meri Cetinić and formerly the group Dubrovački trubaduri. The latter featured elements of the Dubrovnik renaissance music traditions.
Eurovision song contest
Croatia has taken part in the Eurovision Song Contest as an independent country since 1993. As of 2013, its best placing so far was 4th in 1996 and 1999.
See also
Music of Croatia
References
Popular music by country
William Taylor House may refer to:
William Taylor House (Resaca, Georgia), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Gordon County
William Taylor House (Becknerville, Kentucky), listed on the NRHP in Clark County
William Taylor House (Middleport, New York), listed on the NRHP in Niagara County
See also
Taylor House (disambiguation)
Phoenicurus is a genus of passerine birds in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae, native to Europe, Asia and Africa. They are named redstarts from their orange-red tails ('start' is an old name for a tail). They are small insectivores, the males mostly brightly coloured in various combinations of red, blue, white, and black, the females light brown with a red tail. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2010 led to a reorganization of the Old World flycatchers family in which the two species in Rhyacornis and the single species in Chaimarrornis were merged into Phoenicurus.
The genus Phoenicurus was introduced by the English naturalist Thomas Forster in 1817. The name Phoenicurus is from Ancient Greek φοινιξ (phoinix), "(Phoenician) crimson/purple" (see also Tyrian purple), and ουροσ (-ouros) -"tailed".
The genus contains the following species:
Przevalski's redstart (Phoenicurus alaschanicus)
Eversmann's redstart (Phoenicurus erythronotus)
Blue-capped redstart (Phoenicurus coeruleocephala)
Black redstart (Phoenicurus ochruros)
Common redstart (Phoenicurus phoenicurus)
Hodgson's redstart (Phoenicurus hodgsoni)
White-throated redstart (Phoenicurus schisticeps)
Daurian redstart (Phoenicurus auroreus)
Moussier's redstart (Phoenicurus moussieri)
Güldenstädt's redstart (Phoenicurus erythrogastrus)
Blue-fronted redstart (Phoenicurus frontalis)
Plumbeous water redstart (Phoenicurus fuliginosus) (previously in the genus Rhyacornis)
Luzon water redstart (Phoenicurus bicolor) (previously in the genus Rhyacornis)
White-capped redstart (Phoenicurus leucocephalus) (previously in the monotypic genus Chaimarrornis)
Fossil record
Phoenicurus erikai (Pliocene of Csarnota, Hungary).
Phoenicurus baranensis (Pliocene of Beremend, Hungary).
References
Further reading
Bird genera
Taxa named by Thomas Ignatius Maria Forster
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The PPG Wave is a series of synthesizers built by the German company Palm Products GmbH from 1981 to 1987.
Background
Until the early 1980s, the tonal palette of commercial synthesizers was limited to that which could be obtained by combining a few simple waveforms such as sine, sawtooth, pulse. The result was shaped with VCFs and VCAs. Wolfgang Palm transcended this limitation by pioneering the concept of wavetable synthesis, where single cycle waveforms of differing harmonic spectra were stored in adjacent memory slots. Dynamic spectral shifts were achieved by scanning through the waveforms, with interpolation used to avoid noticeable 'jumps' between the adjacent waveforms.
Palm's efforts resulted in PPG's first wavetable synthesizer, the Wavecomputer 360 (1978), which provides the user with 30 different wavetables consisting of 64 waves each. While the expansive range of sound is evident, the absence of filters results in the Wavecomputer 360 sounding buzzy and thin, which hampered its original commercial viability. Palm's efforts to resolve the apparent shortcomings of the Wavecomputer 360 would result in the creation of PPG's Wave series of synthesizers.
Specifications
PPG's Wave series represents an evolution of its predecessor by combining its digital sound engine with analog VCAs and 24db per octave VCFs, featuring 8-voice polyphony; and by replacing its nontraditional series of push buttons and sliders with a control panel consisting of an LCD and a more familiar arrangement of knobs. Also added to the Wave series was an onboard sequencer that is capable of recording filtering and wavetable changes in real time. At the core of the Wave's processing unit is a Motorola 6809 CPU, and a variety of 6500 and 6800-series support ICs. MIDI support was added in 1984, via a 6840/6850 daughtercard.
The PPG Wave was produced in three successive variants, the control panels of which were all liveried in distinctive ultramarine RAL 5002 blue:
Wave 2 (1981–1982) - 8 oscillators (one per voice), 8-bit resolution, single modulation wheel, CEM 3320 VCFs
Wave 2.2 (1982–1984) - 16 oscillators (two per voice), 8-bit resolution, dual modulation wheels, SSM 2044 VCFs
Wave 2.3 (1984–1987) - 16 oscillators (two per voice), 12-bit resolution for samples via Waveterm (only) otherwise 8-bit, dual modulation wheels, SSM 2044 VCFs, 8-part multitimbrality
The PPG Wave can be connected to multiple peripheral PPG components simultaneously, via a custom bus, such as a "smart" keyboard controller (PRK), 8-voice expansion units (EVU), and a wave computer called Waveterm A (later B version arrived) for sampling, audio manipulation, editing, sequencing and creating user defined wavetables. Collectively, this setup is referred to as the "PPG Wave System", which with its sampling ad sequencing was intended to compete with the more expensive Fairlight CMI.
Market success
The PPG Wave quickly earned distinction from traditional analog synthesizers. Notable artists which used the Wave included: a-ha, Alphaville, David Bowie, Diane Arkenstone, The Fixx, Go West, Hall & Oates, Trevor Horn, Steven Halpern, Propaganda, Laza Ristovski, Jean Michel Jarre, Marillion, Journey, Level 42, Art of Noise, Michael Omartian, Saga, Rush, Depeche Mode, Gary Numan, Robert Palmer, Gary Stadler, Kitaro, Jean-Benoit Dunckel, Psychedelic Furs, Tangerine Dream, The Stranglers, Talk Talk, Tears for Fears, Michelle Tumes, The Twins, Steve Winwood, Stevie Nicks, Thomas Dolby, Ultravox, Wang Chung, Eurogliders, Stevie Wonder and Ilan Chester.
Market decline
PPG's innovation in the realm of digital synthesizer technology impacted the industry. The PPG Wave synthesizer's price in its initial few years was -10,000. Within a few years, digital synthesizers, such as the Yamaha DX7 (1983), Korg DW-8000 (1985), Ensoniq ESQ-1 (1986), and Sequential Prophet VS (1986), would be launched at lower prices. Furthermore, the rapidly evolving development of digital sampling technology and reductions in memory prices facilitated the emergence of a new generation of standalone, easy-to-use samplers, such as the Emu Emulator II (1984), Ensoniq Mirage (1984), and Sequential Prophet 2000 (1985). PPG's dwindling market share and the high development cost of new products created financial difficulties, that resulted in the cessation of company operations in 1987.
After PPG
The end of PPG saw the beginning of Waldorf GmbH (later Waldorf Music), which used PPG's technology to create the Microwave (1989), a streamlined, rack-mounted approximation of the PPG Wave 2.3 with original wavetables and analog filters. Further evolutions of the original theme would appear in later years, including the extensive WAVE synthesizer (1993), the DSP-driven Microwave II (1997), and the knob-laden Microwave II variants, the XT and XTk (1998–1999).
After PPG, other manufacturers also produced Wavetable 'look-up' synthesizers, such as Sequential's Prophet VS (1986) and Ensoniq's VFX series (1989). Later came the arrival of synthesizers such as the Access Virus Ti (1997), Waldorf Blofeld (2007), which included 64 wavetables, and Ensoniq's FIZMO (1998), with its Transwave architecture. None of these designs replicates the 'wave-scanning' and interpolation that occurs from adjacent waves, in a table, as with the PPG. The Waldorf Quantum (2018) comes closer to the PPG in wavetable capabilities.
More recent advancements in personal computing technology made possible the release of VST plugin models of the original PPG Wave series, including Waldorf's Wave 2.V (2000), and Wave 3.V (2011). The latter was co-developed with Palm, and more accurately replicates the familiar aliasing and filtering characteristics of both the Wave 2.2 and 2.3. However, the ability of the VSTs to replicate the combination of the original Wave's 12-bit sound with SSM analog filters remains limited.
See also
Wavetable synthesis
Waldorf Music - The WAVE and Microwave
Monowave
References
Further reading
External links
Virtual Music´s Synthesizer Service - Specialized in worldwide PPG Wave repair/service (also card-repair only)
A hardware-level software simulator of PPG Wave with software Waveterm C these were newly developed to work with hardware/software mixture environment of PPG Bus system. Latest Wave OS "V8.3 Upgrade" was completely developed on it. A demo version is available including VSTi plug-in, factory sound set, and new "Wavetable '08" sound set by Wolfgang Palm himself.
The PPGs - Information and resources on various PPG components
PPG Webpages - Detailed information on various PPG components
PPG Wave 2.2 Test Report - GreatSynthesizers
Synthesizers
Analog/digital hybrid synthesizers
Polyphonic synthesizers
Stratosolar
is a startup corporation created to develop buoyant stratospheric platforms for collecting solar energy. They have applied for two patents.
The current concept, "StratoSolar PV" envisions photovoltaic cells lifted above the clouds by means of lighter-than-air gas bags,
with up to 3.5X more power produced (per unit area) than ground-based solar arrays due to better exposure and also lower operating temperature.
The original concept was to concentrate and direct light concentrated by a buoyant cassegrain reflector telescope structure down a buoyant reflective pipe to the ground for use in conventional steam turbine power generation.
In both cases, minimal land use compared to earth-based photovoltaics is a stated benefit.
References
External links
Company website
Companies based in San Jose, California
Renewable resource companies established in 2008
Solar energy companies of the United States
Energy companies established in 2008
2008 establishments in California
The Presbyterian Record was a monthly periodical published by Presbyterian Record Inc. primarily for members of the Presbyterian Church in Canada. The magazine was published between January 1876 and January 2017.
History and profile
It was published monthly, starting with the January 1876 merger of The Presbyterian (1848–1875) of the Church of Scotland Canadian Synod, and the Home and Foreign Record of the Canada Presbyterian Church, (1861–1875) the latter coming from the 1861 merger of the Free Church and United Presbyterian Church of Canada's Canadian publications, The Ecclesiastical and missionary record for the Presbyterian Church of Canada (in connection with the Free Church of Scotland) (printed since 1844, under the leadership and Editorship of Rev. Alexander Gale, Rev. William Rintoul, Mr. John Burns and Rev. William Reid) and The Canadian Presbyterian magazine; especially devoted to the interests of the United Presbyterian Church.
In 2000, an independent corporation was created to publish the Presbyterian Record. In 2002, the board appointed of David Harris, a career journalist and Anglican priest, as publisher and editor. In 1975, when the denomination numbered almost 172,000 members, the Record had a circulation of over 88,000, but both membership and circulation declined in the years that followed. By 2014, membership in the denomination had declined to 93,500 and circulation had fallen to 14,000. In September, 2016, citing declining circulation mirroring declining membership of the denomination, the board of directors decided that the December 2016 issue would be the magazine's last. In 2017 the denomination launched a quarterly newspaper called Presbyterian Connection and a monthly publication called PCConnect Monthly E-Newsletter.
Editors
James Croil, esq., 1876-1891 (formerly of The Presbyterian)
Rev. Dr. Ephraim Scott 1892-1926
Rev. William Rochester 1927-1945
Rev. Dr. John McNab 1946-1957
Rev. Dr. DeCourcy Rayner 1958-1977
Rev. Dr. James Ross Dickey 1978-1988
Rev. Dr. John Congram, 1988–2002
Rev. David Harris, 2002-2016
References
External links
Presbyterian Record
1876 establishments in Ontario
2016 disestablishments in Ontario
Monthly magazines published in Canada
Religious magazines published in Canada
Defunct magazines published in Canada
Magazines established in 1876
Magazines disestablished in 2016
Magazines published in Ontario
Presbyterian Church in Canada
Bereżnica (Polish; Berezhnitza [Russian]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The Igogo festival is a Yoruba festival held in Owo, Nigeria. It is held annually in September to honor Queen Oronsen, a mythical wife of Rerengejen.
During the festival, the incumbent Olowo of Owo, Oba Ajibade Gbadegesin Ogunoye III, and high chiefs of Owo Kingdom dress like women with coral beads, beaded gowns and plaited hair. The wearing of headgears and caps as well as the beating of drums and firing of guns are forbidden during the festival.
Background
The origins of the Igogo festival began over 600 years ago during the reign of Olowo Rerengejen. The monarch married Oronsen, a beautiful and affluent queen who was, unknown to the king, an orisha. She enriched the monarch and she was loved by him as a result. Queen Oronsen declared that certain activities were taboo.
No one was allowed to grind okra (for stew) in her presence or pour water into the yard. She forbade people, arriving from the farm, to dump, or throw down, a load of firewood in her presence. King Rerengejen cautioned his other wives not to carry out any of these activities.
One day, Queen Oronsen had a disagreement with the other wives of the King. They conspired against her with the intention of violating her taboos while Rerengejen was not in the palace. Because her taboos were intentionally violated, she fled from the palace.
As she was making her escape, some palace guards and chiefs pursued, intending to return her to the palace, an effort that was ultimately futile. Becoming weary, she stopped at a place called "Ugbo Laja" where she was discovered and attempts were made to persuade her to return to the palace. Her refusal frustrated the guards, who forcefully captured her. But she escaped them and disappeared into "Igbo Oluwa", now a sacred forest, leaving her head ties (oja) at Ugbo Laja. The guards later returned them to King Rerengejen. "Ugbo Laja" is now a sacred grove.
A terra cotta sculptured image of Queen Oronsen was excavated from "Igbo Oluwa" by Ekpo Eyo (1931-2011), a Nigerian scholar and anthropologist. Her "image" stood at a distance to inform the Owo people that she will never return to the palace but that annually they should always sacrifice two hundred items of different articles, such as dried fish, colanut, alligator pepper, bitter cola and many more for the ritual (Igogo). In return she promised to protect the kingdom forever.
Events
Igogo festival lasts for 17 days and begins with Upeli proceedings by the Iloro chiefs. The chiefs are led by a chief known as Akowa of Iloro, who is the traditional head of the Iloro chiefs. This Upeli procession lasts for 12 days and features several activities including Utegi, Ugbabo, Uyanna and Ugbate. It is also a period for the celebration of new yams.
During this procession, beating of drums by individuals or associations is forbidden and the use of caps by men and head ties by women at close range to the Owo monarch, the Olowo of Owo, is also prohibited. The festival features the dance of bare-chested men, the Iloro Quarter men called Ighares. They often wear white caps with two horns of buffalo in their hands. They strike these horns together while dancing around the town and visiting sacred places located in the town.
During this rite, any animal that crosses their paths automatically becomes food for them. The chiefs plait their hair and dance round the town, and visit their loved ones who give them gifts in return. The monarch often dresses like a woman and dances round the town as well. Dancing in the market by the monarch is also one of the rites performed during the festival.
Gallery
See also
Festivals in Nigeria
Ojude Oba festival
Badagry Festival
References
Festivals in Nigeria
September events
Annual events in Nigeria
Yoruba culture
Yoruba festivals
The first USS Hampton (ID-3049), also listed as SP-3049, was a United States Navy tugs in commission from 1918 to 1919.
Hampton was built as the commercial tug Mary Lee in 1905 by H. Turman at Turkey Point, Virginia. She later was renamed Hampton.
In 1918, the U.S. Navy chartered Hampton from her owner for use during World War I. She may initially have been assigned the section patrol number SP-3049, although she eventually was identified by the naval registry identification number ID-3049. She was commissioned as either USS Hampton (SP-3049) or USS Hampton (ID-3049) on 21 April 1918.
Assigned to the 5th Naval District at Norfolk, Virginia, Hampton served on general harbor duty in Hampton Roads for the rest of World War I and into 1919.
Hampton was returned to her owner on 13 August 1919.
Notes
References
ID-3049 Hampton at Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images: U.S. Navy Ships -- Listed by Hull Number: "SP" #s and "ID" #s -- World War I Era Patrol Vessels and other Acquired Ships and Craft numbered from ID # 3000 through SP-3099
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Hampton (ID 3049)
Auxiliary ships of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
Tugs of the United States Navy
Ships built in Norfolk, Virginia
1905 ships
The Business Administration Union (, LTA) is a trade union representing business administrators in Finland.
The union was founded in 1949. For many years, it only accepted members who held degrees in relevant fields, and it was known as the Business Graduates' Union, but it changed its name in 1996, when it broadened its entrance requirements. It affiliated to the Finnish Confederation of Professionals in 1994, and by 1998, it had about 15,000 members.
External links
References
Trade unions established in 1949
Trade unions in Finland
Clerical trade unions
Dynamo Kazan may refer to:
Dynamo Kazan Bandy Club, known as Raketa prior to 2008
WVC Dynamo Kazan, volleyball club
Dinamo Kazan (field hockey), club competing in the Euro Hockey League
FC Dynamo Kazan, association football club
Executive Travel magazine was an American bimonthly magazine published in New York City by Time Inc. The magazine, launched in May 2002, was published 6 times a year. Geared toward upscale executives, the magazine covered relevant topics on business, travel and affluent lifestyle.
Executive Travel offered exclusive reach to American Express Corporate Platinum Cardmembers. The publication was initially released by American Express Publishing but was sold on October 1, 2013 to Time Inc.
On February 4, 2014 Time Inc. announced that it was to cease publishing the magazine. The final issue was the December 2013/January 2014 issue.
References
External links
Flane Travel App
2002 establishments in New York City
2014 disestablishments in New York (state)
Business magazines published in the United States
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
American Express
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 2002
Magazines disestablished in 2014
Magazines published in New York City
Tourism magazines
This is a list of notable buildings and structures in Libya, organized by city:
Benghazi
Grand Hotel Benghazi (also known as the Berenice Hotel)
Tibesti Hotel
Uzu Hotel (also known as the Ozoo or Ouzou Hotel)
Tobruk
Hotel Tobruk
Tripoli
7 October Stadium
Al Waddan Hotel
Ali Alsgozy Stadium
Bab al-Azizia
Corinthia Hotel Tripoli
Darghouth Turkish Bath
Epigraphy Museum of Tripoli
Ethnographic Museum of Tripoli
GMR Stadium
Gurgi Mosque
Grand Hotel Tripoli (also known as the Al-Kabir Hotel or the Al Kabeer Hotel)
Hotel Al Mehari
Islamic Museum of Tripoli
June 11 Stadium
Karamanly House Museum
Libyan Studies Center
Mitiga International Airport
National Archives of Libya
Natural History Museum of Tripoli
People's Hall
Prehistory Museum of Tripoli
Red Castle of Tripoli
Royal Miramare Theatre
Tripoli Cathedral
Tripoli Central Hospital
Tripoli International Airport
See also
List of museums in Libya
Buildings and structures in Libya
James Charles (13 November 1851 – 20 December 1939) was one of the founding members of the Richmond Football Club.
He was Richmond's inaugural Club Secretary, serving in 1885 and 1886, at the same time as being the Club's delegate to the Victorian Football Association. He then served on the Richmond Committee in 1887, 1888 and 1896.
He was made the first life member of the Richmond Football Club in 1895 and was posthumously inducted into the Club's Hall of Fame in its inaugural year, 2002.
References
Richmond Football Club - Hall of Fame
1851 births
1939 deaths
Richmond Football Club administrators
This list of shield volcanoes includes active, dormant and extinct shield volcanoes.
Shield Volcanoes are one of the three types of volcanoes. They have a short cone shape, and have basaltic lava which means the lava has low viscosity (viscosity is a measure of the ability for a liquid to flow)
Active
Canada
Lava plateau of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex (British Columbia, Canada)
Ecuador
Alcedo Volcano, Galápagos Islands
La Cumbre, Galápagos Islands
Sierra Negra, Galápagos Islands
Cerro Azul, Galápagos Islands
Fernandina Island, Galápagos Islands
Other
Barrier (Kenya)
Bottom half of Mount Erebus (Ross Dependency, Antarctica)
Erta Ale (Ethiopia)
Bottom half of Mount Etna (Sicily, Italy)
Mount Wrangell (Alaska)
Mount Karthala (Comoros)
Namarunu (Kenya)
Niuafo'ou (Tonga)
Mount Nyamuragira (Democratic Republic of the Congo)
Piton de la Fournaise (Réunion, France)
Masaya Volcano, Nicaragua
Kīlauea, Hawaii, US
Mauna Loa, Hawaii
Mount Halla (Jeju Island, South Korea)
Dormant
Canada
Heart Peaks
Itcha Range (British Columbia, Canada)
Lava plateau of Level Mountain (British Columbia, Canada)
United States
Haleakalā (Maui)
Hell's Half Acre (Idaho)
Arlington Cone (Arizona)
House Mountain (Arizona)
Hualālai (Hawaii)
Indian Heaven (Washington)
Mauna Kea (Hawaii)
Medicine Lake Volcano (California)
Newberry Volcano (Oregon)
Shoshone Lava Field (Idaho)
The Three Sisters (Oregon)
Wapi Lava Field (Idaho)
Kenya
Mount Marsabit
Menengai
Other
La Grille (Comoros)
Queen Mary's Peak (South Atlantic Ocean)
Rangitoto Island (New Zealand)
Santorini (Greece)
São Tomé (São Tomé and Príncipe, Atlantic Ocean)
Skjaldbreiður (Iceland)
Kollóttadyngja (Iceland)
Trölladyngja (Iceland)
Mount Takahe (Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica)
Taveuni (Fiji)
Karaca Dağ (Turkey)
Extinct
Antarctica
Mount Andrus
Mount Berlin
Mount Moulton
Mount Sidley (Marie Byrd Land)
Mount Terror (Ross Dependency)
Other
Ball's Pyramid of Australia is a volcanic plug, or an erosional remnant of a shield volcano.
Banks Peninsula (Christchurch, New Zealand)
Bermuda Pedestal (Bermuda, United Kingdom)
Dunedin Volcano (Dunedin, New Zealand)
Kohala (Hawaii, United States)
Kookooligit Mountains (St. Lawrence Island, Alaska, United States)
Lord Howe Island, (Australia)
Piton des Neiges (Réunion, France)
Poike (Easter Island, Chile)
Rano Kau (Easter Island, Chile)
Slieve Gullion (Northern Ireland, United Kingdom)
Tamu Massif (Shatsky Rise, Pacific Ocean)
Terevaka (Easter Island, Chile)
Topo Volcano, Azores, Portugal
Tweed Volcano, Australia
Mount Charter, Australia
Mount Tor, Australia
Mount Julia, Australia
Mount Cripps, Australia
Verkhovoy (Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.)
Other planets and satellites
Mars & Venus
Alba Mons
Olympus Mons
Arsia Mons
Ascraeus Mons
Pavonis Mons
Syrtis Major Planum
Maat Mons
Theia Mons
Io
Io, a moon of Jupiter, has several volcanoes that spew sulphur. Some of these include Pele and Tohil Mons.
Pyroclastic shields
Bolivia
Sacabaya
Tata Sabaya
Nicaragua
Apoyeque
Masaya
Papua New Guinea
Rabaul, New Britain
Other
Ambrym, Vanuatu
Purico Complex, Chile
See also
List of stratovolcanoes
List of subglacial volcanoes
List of cinder cones
List of lava domes
Shield volcano
List of currently erupting volcanoes
References
Shield
The Free Confederation of Chadian Workers (CLTT) is a trade union centre in Chad. It was formed in 1991 by members from the dissolved National Confederation of Trade Unions of Chad.
The CLTT is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation.
References
Trade unions in Chad
International Trade Union Confederation
1991 establishments in Chad
Trade unions established in 1991
Ricky Brown (born April 1, 1967) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He is the younger brother of another professional player Jimmy Brown.
Career
Brown was the top ranked American junior for the 16s age division in 1983 and the following year won an Orange Bowl title (18 and under). He and partner Robbie Weiss were boys' doubles champions at the 1984 Wimbledon Championships. They defeated Mark Kratzmann and Jonas Svensson in the final. Brown made his only Grand Slam appearance at the 1984 US Open, where he defeated former Australian Open winner Mark Edmondson in the opening round, before being eliminated in the second round by Henrik Sundström. He won a Challenger doubles title at Winnetka in 1985.
Currently, he is the Tennis Director for The Sports Club of West Bloomfield in Michigan.
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Doubles: 1 (1–0)
Junior Grand Slam finals
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
External links
References
1967 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from Florida
Wimbledon junior champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
Patricia Hermine Sloane (November 21, 1934 – November 21, 2001) was an American painter, author, and professor of fine arts at NYC Technical College of the City University of New York. She was best known for her abstract expressionism painting style, which can be interpreted as early street or urban art, with a close connection to the New York school movement. She was a member of the 10th Street Galleries (specifically the Camino Gallery) in New York City during the 1950s and 1960s. Sloane's books included topics on fine arts, art history, principles of color, and the works of T. S. Eliot. She was married to Kenneth Campbell, a sculptor and artist.
Education
1954 – Hans Hoffman School of Fine Arts
1955 – BFA – Rhode Island School of Design
1958 – National Academy of Design
1968 – MA – City University of New York – CUNY – Hunter College
1972 – PhD – New York University – NYU
Her PhD dissertation was "The Description of Color: A Critique of Nineteenth and Twentieth Century Color Theory".
Career
She was a frequent contributor to the Village Voice with critical writings as well as drawings. In 1956 she was an instructor at Ohio University. She also taught at the Jewish Community Center in Providence, RI, the Scarsdale Community Workshop, 1965, URI, Community College of New York, Trenton Jr. College, and she spent the latter part of her teaching career as a full professor at the City University of New York. In addition, she was a gallery lecturer at the Whitney Museum, and was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1974.
Collections
Her paintings have been displayed at:
MoMA – Museum of Modern Art
University of Notre Dame
Burgenland Landesregierung – Austria
Oblanstini Municipay Museum – Czechoslovakia
Recognition
Guggenheim Memorial Foundation – Received One Year Fellowship for "Studies in Color Theory" in 1974 for 1974–75 Academic Year (John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation).
Exhibitions
The Riverdale YMHA
Gallery 195, NYC, 1958
Camino Gallery, 1961
Providence Art Club, Brata Gallery, (solo) 1963
Emmanuel Midtown YMHA, 1964
Chelsea Exhibit, St. Peter's Episcopal Church, 1964
Silvermine Art Guild, 1967
Grand Central Moderns, (solo) 1968
Fordham University, URI, 1968
University of Maryland Art Gallery, 1971
Stamford Museum, 1972
Landmark Gallery, 1973
Bronx Museum of the Arts, 1975
Phoenix Gallery Tenth Street Days exhibition, 1978
Grace Gallery of New York Technical College (solo), 1983
Olin Fine Arts Center (solo) 1984
References
Abstract expressionist artists
20th-century American painters
Modern painters
The 1935 Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Institute of Liberal and Technical Learning (now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1935 college football season. In their fifth year under head coach Truman F. Wilbanks, the team compiled a 2–8 record.
Schedule
References
Southwestern Louisiana
Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns football seasons
Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football
Sulimów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Brendon Taylor (born 18 February 1972) is an Australian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Newcastle, New South Wales
Bernhard Nermerich (11 March 1939 – 14 July 2010) was a German racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1939 births
2010 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
German male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of West Germany
Place of birth missing
Anwar Hussain (11 November 1925 – 1 January 1988) was an Indian actor and producer. He was a popular character actor from the 1940s to 1982 and acted in over 200 Bollywood films. Some of his best known roles are from Ab Dilli Dur Nahin, Gunga Jumna (1961), Shaheed, Baharon Ke Sapne, Victoria No. 203 (1972), Chori Mera Kaam, Loafer, Gaddar, Rafoo Chakkar and Jail Yatra. He was the son of singer-turned director Jaddanbai and thus, maternal half-brother to noted actress Nargis Dutt and Akhtar Hussain.
Hussain is best known for his roles in Gunga Jumna (1962) and Rocky (1981) with his nephew Sanjay Dutt.
Selected filmography
References
External links
Anwar Hussain at Upperstall.com
1925 births
1988 deaths
Indian male film actors
Hindi film producers
Male actors in Hindi cinema
20th-century Indian male actors
Place of birth missing
Film producers from Kolkata
Male actors from Kolkata
Male actors in Punjabi cinema
Y is a 2017 Indian Malayalam-language suspense-thriller film written and directed by Sunil Ibrahim. In the film, unexpected events on a street catch a group of people present there by surprise, and the movie is about how they react to the events. The film was released on 17 November 2017.
Upon its release, the film garnered positive reviews from critics and celebrities alike.
Plot
Arun and Teena, a young couple was walking down the street, laughing and clicking pictures when they were mocked by some of the auto-rickshaw drivers. A few minutes later a few thugs take illicit photographs of Teena, which angers Arun and he incites a fight. On Teena's request, Arun stops fighting and walks back while the thugs warn Arun that they will kidnap Teena in front of him. At the same time, a speeding van comes and kidnaps Teena, taking her to a flat nearby where many prominent personalities live. A distraught Arun is unable to find her.
With the help of a few auto-rickshaw drivers, they manage to find the flat but unable to go in as the watchman does not allow them to enter, fearing that it will create chaos for the residents. They decide to call the police.
Meanwhile, in the flat, we see a different story unfolding. We see Mohan and his family, consisting of a wife and daughter, planning to move to Bangalore. There is also Salim, who runs an illicit business and is desperate to make a Thirty Crore Rupee transaction with the help of a Goonda leader. While the Goonda Leader is unable to go down as a few other guys are waiting for him down the road, he chit chats with a woman working for Salim. Down the road, the SI is interrogates Arun and others who witnessed the crime. A few thugs are waiting for the Goonda leader, two journalists are secretly watching the drama of the crime and reporting it. While Arun does not disclose to the police what is his and Teena's relationship about.
Salim calls the woman working under him and asks her to let go off the Goonda leader as he is of no use anymore and leave him to the guys waiting for him down the road. In turn, Salim's asks another guy who is a friend of the Leader to do the transaction. He reluctantly accepts. Mohan and his family is packing bags and ready to leave. While Arun is helplessly sitting, unable to do anything. The CCTV Footages are off on the order by Salim, which makes it more unable to locate Teena.
Later Arun reveals that Teena is his Online friend to Jeevan Sir, an old commissioner who comes to Investigate the case. On his order police searches the Flats but finds nothing.
After a few more hours Mohan goes down the road and creates a scene and alarms the thugs who promise him that they will find Teena, so that they can locate the Goonda leader. Mohan, Arun and the guys forcefully enter the flat pushing the security. The SI thinks that it is the only way to locate Teena and doesn't do anything.
The leader of the thugs waiting down meets the woman with The Goonda leader and apologises to her as they were unable to track the leader. Which reveals that the woman was the one who ordered The thugs to beat and Kill The Goonda leader.
Arun finds Teena Unconscious in the basement. With the help of Mohan, Teena and Arun and gets into the car with SI and speeds towards Hospital.
Then the story is revealed. Teena, Arun and Mohan with the help of the woman who is Arun's Sister has made this Kidnapping plan to extract money from Salim who has Harassed them all at some point in their life. They have robbed the money which is black as to teach Salim a lesson. The woman has hidden Teena in a room, and when all of the people entered the flat, Arun made the guy who was assigned to carry out the transaction, unconscious and robbed the money. Mohan Kept the Money in the bag and took the car. The woman reveals the plan to the Goonda leader who finds that the thugs waiting for him was a part of the plan.
The SI initially is angered by them but later learns that what they have done is right, because they have just robbed the money which is earned in illicit ways. The SI asks them to leave and happily calls his wife walking down the road.
Cast
Alencier Ley Lopez as SI
Dheeraj Denny as Arun
Jins Baskar as Goonda Leader in Flat
Yahiya as Mohan
Shini Ambalathodi as Mohan's Wife
Sruthi Susan Sam as Teena
Reshma Shenoy as Arun's Sister
Justin Varghese as one of the local guy
Abhiram Suresh as Shaiju, Autorickshaw driver
Anoop Ramesh as Pop
Safeer Sait as Ex MP
Rajagopalan P as Salim
Khalfan as Freak Boy
Anand Manmadhan as Subhair
Diljit Gore as Lawrence, Facility Manager
Abhiram Suresh Unnithan as Shaiju
Gibin G Nair as Manu
Rahul Nair as Benoy
Asna as Mohan's Daughter
Santhosh Varghese as Special Investigation Officer
Don Mathew as Male Reporter
Lydia Sebastian as Female Reporter
Ebrahim Maheen as Security
Introducing 40 or more new faces as actors!
Production
The film is produced by Vibezon Movies and is scheduled for release in 17 November 2017.
Shooting was in 2016 March at a single location, Keston road, Thiruvananthapuram. It was 25 days night schedule as story takes place during night time.
Music
The songs composed by Pramod Bhaskar and background score of the film composed by Mejo Joseph respectively while the lyrics are penned by M R Vibin and promo song written by Lawrence Fernandez. The songs featured in the film are sung by Deepak, Prashanth Prabhakar, Sangeetha Anand and Varsha S Nair. The soundtrack was officially released on 13 August 2018. The music of the Promo song is given by Assan Nidheesh SD and sung by Sithara Krishnakumar and Abhilash Kallayam.
Tracks
Ee Theruvil : Prasanth Prabhakar, Sangeetha Ananth
Hey Thandanane : Sithara Krishnakumar, Abhilash Kallayam
Release
The film is Released on 17 November 2017 34 theaters across Kerala.
Reviews
The Times of India reviewed the film with 3.5/5, as a "convincing thriller with a line-up of mostly fresh faces." The Deccan Chronicle rated it 3.5/5 noting the film was "A freshly brewed formula".
References
2017 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Sunil Ibrahim
Chants de Terre et de Ciel (Songs of Earth and Heaven) is a song cycle in six movements for soprano and piano by Olivier Messiaen, on text by the composer himself. It was composed in 1938 and premiered at the Société Triton's Concerts du Triton, at the Ecole Normale de Musique in Paris on the 23 January 1939 with Marcelle Bunlet as the soprano and the composer at the piano. The cycle is deeply personal and reflects Messiaen's joy at the birth of his son Pascal in 1937, as well as his deep Catholicism.
Movements
Each movement has a title and a dedication.
1 - Bail avec Mi (for my wife)
2 - Antienne du silence (for the day of the Guardian Angels)
3 - Danse du bébé-pilule (for my little Pascal)
4 - Arc-en-ciel d'innocence (for my little Pascal)
5 - Minuit pile et face (for death)
6 - Résurrection (for Easter Day)
A performance usually lasts around 32 minutes.
Discography
Maria Oràn, soprano, Yvonne Loriod, piano (+ Poèmes pour Mi); Ed. Erato, 1988
Hetna Regitze Bruun, soprano, Kristoffer Hyldig, piano (+ Poèmes pour Mi, Vocalise-Étude); Naxos 8.573247, 2015
References
Presentation booklet of the Oràn-Loriod recording.
Compositions by Olivier Messiaen
Ilaria is an extinct genus of marsupial of the family Ilariidae, dating from the Late Oligocene of South Australia. Its diet consisted of leaves.
References
Archer, M.; Flannery, T.; Hand, S.; Long, J. Prehistoric Mammals of Australia and New Guinea: One Hundred Million Years of Evolution. UNSW Press, 2002. 244 pages.
Prehistoric vombatiforms
Prehistoric mammals of Australia
Oligocene marsupials
Prehistoric marsupial genera
Tim Storrier AM (born 13 February 1949, Sydney) is an Australian artist who won the 2012 Doug Moran National Portrait Prize with The Lunar Savant, a portrait of fellow artist McLean Edwards.
Tim won the 2012 Archibald Prize for a 'faceless' self-portrait entitled The Histrionic Wayfarer (after Bosch). His win proved a controversial choice by the judges. Storrier noted in the accompanying Art Gallery of New South Wales (AGNSW) text "It refers to a painting by Hieronymus Bosch called The Wayfarer painted in c. 1510 where the figure is believed to be choosing a path or possibly the prodigal son returning ... It also has other references, I believe, but they are rather clouded in biblical history and time ... A carapace of burden is depicted in [...] The histrionic wayfarer, clothed in the tools to sustain the intrigue of a metaphysical survey. Provisions, art materials, books, papers, bedding, compass and maps, all for the journey through the landscape of the artist's mind, accompanied by Smudge [the dog], the critic and guide of the whole enterprise", said Storrier.
The AGNSW text notes, "Though there is no face to identify him, Storrier believes that identity is made clear by the clothes and equipment carried. Storrier has included a drawing of himself in the painting, scribbled on a piece of paper being blown away by the wind". Storrier's "Wayfarer" is one of his later career figurative subjects and other examples can be seen in his In Absentia series.
Personal life
Storrier grew up near Wellington, New South Wales, was educated at the Sydney Church of England Grammar School (Shore) and the National Art School, in Sydney. Storrier lived and worked in Sydney until 1995 when he moved to Bathurst, New South Wales, where he remained until 2013. He and his wife Janet reside near Bowral in NSW.
Awards
He is the recipient of several awards including the Sir John Sulman Prize in 1968 for Suzy 350 at age 19 and again in 1984 for The Burn and the Archibald Prize in 2012 for the Histrionic Wayfarer (after Bosch). At nineteen, Storrier was the youngest artist to win the Sulman Prize. He was a finalist in the 2011 Archibald Prize and also in the Wynne Prize 2012 for his painting The Dalliance. He was the winner of the 2014 Packing Room Prize.
Documentary
In 1993, Storrier was the subject of the documentary film Lighting Fires which aired on ABC television. In 1994, he was awarded an Order of Australia (AM) for services to art.
Museums
His work is included in the collections of the National Gallery of Australia, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and all major Australian art museums.
Publications
Essays and editorials
Tim Storrier (London exhibition) – Bryan Robertson, Fischer Fine Art, London, 1983
Ticket to Egypt – Linda Van Nunen and Christopher Leonard, Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney, 1986
Burning of the Gifts – Deborah Hart, Australian Galleries, Sydney, 1989
Point to Point – William Wright, Presentation of major work to Australian Embassy, Tokyo, 1996
See also
List of Archibald Prize winners
List of Archibald Prize 2012 finalists
References
External links
Shop Storrier Prints and Sculptures
Artist at Art Gallery of NSW webpage
1949 births
Living people
Australian portrait painters
Archibald Prize winners
Doug Moran National Portrait Prize winners
People from Sydney
National Art School alumni
Members of the Order of Australia
Archibald Prize Packing Room Prize winners
Archibald Prize finalists
The following lists events that happened during 1899 in Afghanistan.
Not for many years has Afghanistan been less disturbed than this year. Few tribal risings occur and the amir Abdor Rahman continues to express friendly relations with Britain. Yet there is a disquieting rumour that Russia is preparing to advance on Herat in certain eventualities, and that an experimental mobilization of Russian troops from Tiflis to Kushk (some sixty miles from Herat) was made at the close of the year. The amir keeps up a friendly correspondence with the viceroy, Lord Curzon, during the year, and the relations between Afghanistan and the Indian government were never more cordial.
Incumbents
Monarch – Abdur Rahman Khan
Events
February 1899
Several small disturbances are created along the frontier by marauding bands of Waziris and Mahsuds, which are easily suppressed by the local militia without aid from regular troops.
March 1, 1899
Capt. George Roos-Keppel makes a sudden attack on a predatory band of Chamkannis that have been raiding in the Kurram Valley and captures 100 prisoners with 3,000 head of cattle. These raids, though tiresome, are, however, of no political importance.
May 1899
In consequence of repeated outrages committed by the Waziris, and especially because of the murder of Col. E.H. le Marchant of the Hampshire Regiment, the Indian government orders the partial disarmament of the Peshawar division, and of all trans-border Pashtuns at the frontier, and the disarmament of all persons without licenses in all municipalities and cantonments within the division.
July 1899
In spite of punitive measures, the Waziri robbers continue their lawless attacks, chiefly with a view to cattle raiding.
December 1899
In accordance with the frontier policy of the viceroy, all regular troops are withdrawn from the Khyber Pass to Peshawar, leaving the forts and posts in the pass to be guarded by the Khyber Rifles. Complete tranquillity prevails in consequence, and the Afridis and other local tribes are thereby convinced that the government has no idea of annexing their territory or of placing British garrisons over the border.
See also
History of Afghanistan
References
Afghanistan
Years of the 19th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
1890s in Afghanistan
Lucas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,634. The county seat is Chariton.
The county was formed in 1846 and was named for Robert Lucas, a Governor of the Territory.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 65
Iowa Highway 14
Adjacent counties
Warren County (northwest)
Marion County (northeast)
Monroe County (east)
Wayne County (south)
Clarke County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 8,634 in the county, with a population density of . 96.75% of the population reported being of one race. 92.76% were non-Hispanic White, 0.27% were Black, 2.29% were Hispanic, 0.08% were Native American, 0.34% were Asian, 0.00% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.26% were some other race or more than one race. There were 4,058 housing units, of which 3,608 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 8,898 in the county, with a population density of . There were 4,238 housing units, of which 3,689 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,422 people, 3,811 households, and 2,560 families residing in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 4,239 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.44% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.11% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.37% from other races, and 0.65% from two or more races. 0.87% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,811 households, out of which 28.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.70% were married couples living together, 7.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.80% were non-families. 28.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 7.30% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 19.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 94.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,876, and the median income for a family was $38,352. Males had a median income of $31,243 versus $21,293 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,341. About 8.40% of families and 13.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.10% of those under age 18 and 9.60% of those age 65 or over.
Athletics
Lucas County is well known for its baseball program. As recently as 2009, Lucas County's Babe Ruth All-star teams have made it to, or past, the Iowa State Tournament. They have won 5 Babe Ruth State Titles, with the most recent coming in 2008. They have not, however, won any national titles.
Communities
Cities
Chariton
Derby
Lucas
Russell
Williamson
Townships
Benton
Cedar
English
Jackson
Liberty
Lincoln
Otter Creek
Pleasant
Union
Warren
Washington
Whitebreast
Unincorporated areas
Norwood
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Lucas County.
† county seat
Notable people
T. J. Hockenson, Detroit Lions tight end 2019
John L. Lewis, labor union
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lucas County, Iowa
Lucas County Courthouse
Red Haw State Park
References
Further reading
Franklin D. Mitchell. Locale and Universe: The Shared Story of the Heartland's Lucas County, Iowa, and the American Nation, 1846-2012 (Self-published, 2016). 480 pp online review
External links
Lucas County Sheriff's Office
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Robert Lucas family
Populated places established in 1846
Opsieobuthus is an extinct genus of centromachid scorpion. The type species O. pottsvillensis was named from the late Carboniferous of Clay City, Indiana. A second species ?O. tungeri was tentatively assigned to the genus from the Early Permian Chemnitz petrified forest in Germany.
References
External links
Fossil taxa described in 1986
Prehistoric scorpions
Permian arthropods of Europe
Permian arachnids
Paleozoic arachnids
Urban Affairs Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of urban studies, including urban policy, urban economic development and residential and community development. The journal's editors-in-chief are Phil Ashton (University of Illinois at Chicago), Peter Burns (Soka University of America), Jered Carr (University of Illinois at Chicago), Joshua Drucker (University of Illinois at Chicago), and Yue Zhang (University of Illinois at Chicago). Jered B. Carr (University of Illinois at Chicago) serves as Managing Editor. It was established in 1965 as Urban Affairs Quarterly and obtained its current title in 1996. It is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Urban Politics Section of the American Political Science Association.
In March 2016, Urban Affairs Review launched its new blog/website, The Urban Affairs Forum. The Urban Affairs Forum is a space for leading thinkers about urban issues to share their research, ideas, and experiences. The website is hosted by the College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs (CUPPA) at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Abstracting and indexing
Urban Affairs Review is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2019 impact factor is 2.192, ranking it 22 out of 42 journals in the category "Urban Studies".
Editors-in-Chief of the Urban Affairs Review 1965-Present
Marilyn J. Gittell (1965-1970)
Peter Bouxsein (1970-1973)
Louis H. Masotti (1974-1980)
Albert Hunter and Robert L. Lineberry (1980-1981)
Margaret T. Gordon, Albert Hunter and Robert L. Lineberry (1981-1982)
Margaret T. Gordon and Albert Hunter (1982-1984)
Albert Hunter (1984-1985)
Dennis R. Judd and Donald Phares (1985-1992)
Dennis R. Judd (1992-2002)
Susan E. Clarke, Gary L. Gaile and Michael A. Pagano (2002-2009)
Susan E. Clarke and Michael A. Pagano (2009-2013)
Peter Burns, Jered B. Carr, Annette Steinacker, Jill Tao, and Antonio Tavares (2014-2019)
Phil Ashton, Peter Burns, Jered B. Carr, Joshua Drucker, and Yue Zhang (2020-Present)
References
External links
Urban Affairs Review Forum (blog)
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Urban studies and planning journals
2014 Winter Olympics marketing was a long running campaign that began when Sochi won its bid to host the games in 2007.
Symbols
Emblem
The emblem of the 2014 Winter Olympics was unveiled in December 2009. While more elaborate designs with influence from Khokhloma were considered, organizers chose to use a more minimalistic and "futuristic" design instead, consisting only of typefaces with no drawn elements at all. The emblem was designed so that the "Sochi" and "2014" lettering would mirror each other vertically, "reflecting" the contrasts of Russia's landscape (such as Sochi itself, a meeting point between the Black Sea and the Western Caucasus). Critics, including Russian bloggers, panned the logo for being too simplistic and lacking any real symbolism; Guo Chunning, designer of the 2008 Summer Olympics emblem Dancing Beijing, criticized it for its lack of detail, and believed it should have contained more elements that represented winter and Russia's national identity, aside from its blue color scheme and its use of .ru, the top-level domain of Russia.
Slogan
The Games' official slogan, Hot. Cool. Yours. (Жаркие. Зимние. Твои.), was unveiled on 25 September 2012, 500 days before the opening ceremony. Presenting the slogan, SOC president Dmitry Chernyshenko explained that it represented the "passion" and heated competition of the Games' athletes, the contrasting climate of Sochi, and a sense of inclusion and belonging.
Look of the Games
Mascots
For the first time in Olympic history, a public vote was held to decide the mascots for the 2014 Winter Olympics; the 10 finalists, along with the results, were unveiled during live specials on Channel One. On 26 February 2011, the official mascots were unveiled, consisting of a polar bear, a snow hare, and a snow leopard. The initial rounds consisted of online voting among submissions, while the final round involved text messaging.
Colours
Most Olympic brands choose to represent themselves with 3 or 4 "primary" colours which are often symbolic to the region, as well as "secondary" colours not found in the logo which are often found in less common symbols and/or graphics. Sochi, however, made a statement to symbolise the diversity of Russia, and used over 30 colours from all over the spectrum, in 90 different patterns, all put together in a graphic designed to resemble a quilt. 5 different colour families were used at different venues around the games; Red Orange and Yellow, Yellow and Green, Green and Blue, Blue and Purple, and Purple and Pink. Non-venue areas, as well as volunteer jackets and other public spaces featured all 5 colour families together in one.
Banknotes and coins
In commemoration of the Games, Russian Post released a series of postage stamps depicting athletes, venues, and the mascots of the Games.
Video games
The official Olympic video game is the fourth game in the Mario & Sonic series, Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games. It was released by Nintendo for the Wii U on 8 November 2013 in Europe, and 15 November 2013 in North America. Others were Sochi 2014: Ski Slopestyle Challenge for Android operating system and Sochi 2014: Olympic Games Resort for online social network Facebook.
Stamps
The Bank of Russia issued special coins and 100-ruble notes for the Games.
Corporate sponsorship and advertising
Sponsors
See also
2010 Winter Olympics marketing
2018 Winter Olympics marketing
References
Marketing
Olympic marketing
Edmond Brion (1885 Soissons - 1973) was a French architect active in Casablanca during the French Protectorate.
Biography
After World War I and after having studying at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris in the Paulin studio, Brion settled in Casablanca and worked with Auguste Cadet through the mid 1930s. While working with Cadet, Brion contributed to the project of the , now known as the Hubous, and designed the Tasso Building (1931) as well as that of the .
His two major works are the Bendahan Building (1935) located at November 16 Square in Derb Omar, and Casablanca's branch of the State Bank of Morocco (1937), featuring a large hall of marble, Art Deco metalwork, and exceptional reinterpreted zeliij. He also designed the (1939) for the (COSUMA) and the colonial brothel quarter known as Bousbir.In 1930, he founded the Moroccan chapter of SADG ().
References
20th-century French architects
1885 births
1973 deaths
The Indian Wireless Telegraphs (Amateur Service) Rules, 1978 is an act that governs amateur radio services in India. The Act covers the syllabus, rules and regulations and contains the various forms necessary to obtain a licence and handling equipment. The act is a sub part of Indian Wireless Telegraph Rules.
References
External links
Indian Wireless Telegraphs (Amateur Service) Rules, 1978
Amateur radio in India
1978 in India
1978 in law
Desai administration
Radical 60 or radical () meaning "step" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 215 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 41st indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5F73
060
041
Kamel Ayari (born 1967/1968) is a wheelchair racer who won the 2000 New York City Marathon, and came third at the 2001 event. Born in Tunisia, Ayari now lives in the United States.
Personal life
Ayari was born in Tunisia. As a child, he contracted polio. In 1999, he moved from Tunis to Huntington, New York, US, in order to train full-time. He later lived in New Rochelle, New York.
Career
In 2000, Ayari won the Lisbon and Marine Corps Marathons; he won the Marine Corps Marathon by over half an hour from five-time winner Ken Carnes who finished second. Later in the year, Ayari won the 2000 New York City Marathon, the first time that the event had held an elite wheelchair race. He overtook handcycle competitor Joe Dowling around from the finish line, near to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Dowling had led for the first of the race, and at this event, push-rim wheelchair competitors and handcyclists competed in the same race. Ayari overtook push-rim wheelchair competitor Tony Nogueira, who was the favorite in their class, on the Queensboro Bridge, and Ayari finished in a time of 1:53:50.
Ayari came third at the 2001 New York City Marathon, having raced with Roberto Brigo throughout. Brigo finished second at the event. That year, he won the Falmouth Road Race. In 2002, he won the Broad Street Run in a course record time of 35:11. He also won the 2002 Boilermaker Road Race and came third in that year's Twin Cities Marathon. In 2004, he won the Middletown Road Race, and came second at the Twin Cities Marathon. In 2005, he came second in a 10km race in Fort Williams Park.
References
Living people
1960s births
Male wheelchair racers
Sportspeople from Tunis
Year of birth missing (living people)
New York City Marathon male winners
Tunisian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Jacob Cardec, artistically known as Cardec Drums, is a Puerto Rican drummer, music producer and composer, specializing in Christian urban music (hip hop, trap and reggaeton) who has worked with artists from Reach Records, Reflection Music Group and Funkytown Music. He has received various awards for his work with KB, Lecrae, Redimi2, Almighty and Andy Mineo.
Trajectory
Jacob Cardec studied music at the Atlanta Institute of Music. Upon graduation, he was featured as a touring drummer for artists like Alex Faith, Dominic Balli, Andy Mineo and more. In 2012, Cardec Drums got their chance to work for Social Club Misfits with their single "New Years". The following year, he continued to thrive as a producer by winning Lecrae's "I Know" remix contest.
After stepping away from touring, he has continued to produce for notable artists such as Andy Mineo, Lecrae, Derek Minor, Tedashii, KB, Xavier Omär, and ELHAE. In 2018, his participation in KB's Today We Rebel album earned him joint honors with his first Dove Award for Hip Hop Album of the Year. At one time, he used a particular auditory signature of a female voice saying "push your hands in the air for Cardec".
In 2019, he co-founded the independent record label No Apologies Music, with a mission to connect American hip-hop and Latin-based urban music. This led to the signing of the first artist, Tommy Royale.
Cardec has produced for Latin artists such as Funky, Manny Montes, Gabriel Rodríguez EMC, Eliud L'Voices, and the award-winning production with Latin American artists such as Redimi2 and Almighty in Filipenses 1:6, Urban Christian Song of the Year at the Tu Música Urbano Awards, later considered again as Spanish Language Recorded Song of the Year, this time, at the 2020 Dove Awards, where it was only nominated.
In 2020, the desire to merge the two music markets produced an alliance between Reach Records and their No Apologies label, they merged with 116 Cliques for the release of the Sin Vergüenza album, where artists such as Funky, Manny Montes, Lecrae, Lizzy Parra, Social Club, among others, creating the desired union that Cardec pursued in the mission of his label. He has continued to produce for artists such as Jaydan, Tommy Royale and Don Ryvcko.
On March 14, 2022, 1K Phew and Cardec launched a project that paid homage to the Nickelodeon and Disney shows/movies they grew up with. Months later, they released a second part with samples dealing with Power Rangers, Arthur, Frozen, Reading Rainbow and Encanto.
Discography
Studio albums
2018: Hopetober 2 (with Eliud L'Voices)
2020: Sin Vergüenza (with his label and Reach Records)
2022: Phew Skylark (with 1K Phew)
2022: Phew Skylark 2 (with 1K Phew)
Credits
References
Puerto Rican producers
The yellow-bellied wattle-eye (Platysteira concreta) is a species of bird in the family Platysteiridae.
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
yellow-bellied wattle-eye
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of West Africa
yellow-bellied wattle-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Lavonia Commercial Historic District in Lavonia, Georgia, is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included 18 contributing buildings.
It includes the historic commercial center of Lavonia, mostly one- and two-story brick commercial buildings.
Gallery
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Georgia
The Order of Atonement of the Franciscan Minims of the Perpetual Help of Mary (mfPS) is a single (one single Order, not three like the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Dominican and Franciscan Orders) Roman Catholic active/contemplative religious order distinguished by three (3) Branches: the Men's Branch for Priests and Brothers/Friars, the Women's Branch for Nuns and the Lay Branch for those of all ages and professions, including the sick, dying, and those children conceived but as yet "unborn" or "pre-born".
The Order was founded on June 24, 1942 in Zamora, Michoacan, Mexico by Reverend Mother María Concepción of the Nativity and the Perpetual Help of Mary. Called the Order of Atonement/Work of Atonement/the Legion of Victim Souls, "Minims" as "Victim Souls" [whether men or women living the Religious Life or those still living in the world also called laymen or laity] live a life in keeping with their motto of "Charity and Immolation".
Those Franciscan Minims who profess public Religious vows receive a Religious habit, similar to the Franciscan Habit and the Carmelite Habit. However, the Habit of the Franciscan Minims of the Perpetual Help of Mary has the same colors of tunic and veil (or cowl for the men) as Our Lady wears in Her Icon of Perpetual Help. Our Lady wears these same colors in Icons of Our Lady of Mount Carmel and many other famous icons, paintings and statues of the Blessed Ever-Virgin Mother of God. The Minim tunic is maroon, with a blue veil (or blue cowl for the men). In Mexico City, in the 1970s, the locals nicknamed the Nuns: "Los Rojos" (the Red ones). Traditionally, this color was worn by poor Jewish women as it was an earthen color. Wealthier women wore white since they had servants and other means to maintain perfectly white cloth. In art, these colors traditionally signify both the Virginity (Red) and Motherhood (Blue) of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
The Order of Atonement of the Franciscan Minims of the Perpetual Help of Mary is not related to or an offshoot of the Minim (religious order) also called the Minimi or Order of Minims, (abbreviated O.M.) who are members of a Roman Catholic religious order of Franciscan friars founded by Saint Francis of Paola
Origins
The Order's establishment began according to the Foundress of the Order, Reverend Mother María Concepción of the Nativity and the Perpetual Help of Mary, when she was still a young girl. María Concepción Zúñiga López writes that Jesus Christ instructed and dictated the Rule and Constitutions of the Order to her.
During and after María Concepción's First Holy Communion (which her mother helped her daughter to make in secret because her father was a 33rd degree Mason and all the Catholic churches and schools in Mexico at that time were closed, and most priests, bishops and Religious had to go into in hiding due to the violent slaughter of Catholics by government forces or "Federales" under the Plutarco Elías Calles government the Eucharistic Jesus spoke to little María Concepción and taught her the Faith and how to pray since she had received absolutely no religious education or catechesis at all during this time (1924-1928) of anti-Catholic, anti-Church religious persecution by the atheist Mexican president Plutarco Elías Calles.
Living in a secular household during a time of violent religious persecution in Mexico, María Concepción Zúñiga López had never seen women living in a Religious community and did not even know Religious Life for women existed. At one point in her education, she was learning secretarial skills that include typing and short hand from a group of women who taught in a business school near her home. María Concepción told her spiritual director, a famous Mexican bishop in hiding, that she was drawn to a life of prayer and the bishop explained to her that the women who were teaching her were Carmelites in hiding (they did not wear a Religious habit but secular dresses) and actually belonged to a Religious Congregation (Catholic), the Carmelite Sisters of the Sacred Heart (Hermanas Carmelitas del Sagrado Corazon) founded in María Concepción's home town of Jalisco by Venerable Mother María Luisa Josefa of the Most Blessed Sacrament. On June 24, 1927, Mother Luisa and two other sisters sought refuge in Los Angeles from the religious persecutions in Mexico at that time. This led to the establishment of twelve Carmels in the United States with a novitiate and eventually to the establishment of the Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles a sister-congregation to the foundation in Mexico.
Apostolate
Franciscan Minims of the Perpetual Help of Mary live the Primitive Rule of Saint Francis of Assisi and at their Profession make five (5) Vows: Poverty, Chastity, Obedience, and two (2) special Vows particular to the Order, the Vow of Victim to the Divine Justice and Mercy of Christ, and the Vow of Obedience to the Pope. The Superior General of the Order of Atonement of the Franciscan Minims of the Perpetual Help of Mary is the Pope, so "the Lord" instructed the Foundress of the Order regarding the focus of the work of the Franciscan Minims for the Holy See, which included living and preaching the Gospel in word, work and prayer to end schism within the Church and to catechize and convert schismatics, apostates, and those who had, in any way, separated themselves from the Church and the Vicar of Christ. Mother María Concepción of the Nativity and the Perpetual Help of Mary began all her writings and correspondence with the words: "Long Live the Vicar of Christ". Pope Paul VI was the Vicar of Christ (1963-1978) during the Second Foundation of the Order of Atonement in Mexico City.
The work of the Apostolate of a Franciscan Minim Nuns begins with their motto "Charity and Immolation" through Perpetual Eucharistic adoration in union with the Eucharistic Victim Heart of Jesus in the Most Blessed Sacrament. The Minim Nuns live a Religious Life that is both active and contemplative with a special focus on strengthening the family by catechizing Catholic mothers and women living in the world through their frequent religious conferences and retreats for women.
The Order which began as a "Pious Union" (the Code of Canon Law after 1983 uses the term Associations of the faithful) in Zamora, Michoacán, Mexico on June 24, 1942 and given status as a Sodality on October 2, 1942 never ceased to exist canonically even though it was disbanded on October 23, 1951 by Bishop Jose G. Anaya. Canonical status was reaffirmed in Rome under Pope Paul VI on October 30, 1963 after Mother María Concepción made a trip to Rome under the auspices of this same Bishop of Zamora who had earlier disbanded the 1st Foundation. With the express authorization of the Sacred Congregation of Religious, dated October 1963, the Order was founded a second time in Chilapa, Guerrero, Mexico in January 1964. Again, it received approval as a Pious Union in Mexico on September 1, 1964 after being placed under the protection of a Mexican Bishop, Fidel de Sta Maria Cortes Perez, whom the Pope introduced to Mother María Concepción while she was in Rome. Pope Paul VI assigned this Bishop to assist the Foundress during her trip to Rome in October 1963, a trip she made to ask Pope Paul VI for His help to reestablish the Order and then to give the Order His full Papal Approval. Due to the untimely death of Pope Paul the VI and the deaths of several Bishops involved with promoting the Order, as well as, interference from certain Mexican prelates, including a Congregation of priests from Mexico and others working both in Mexico and inside the Vatican who opposed the Order's receiving direct Papal institution, approval and direction, the status of this request is still pending.
Mother María Concepción of the Nativity and the Perpetual Help of Mary was not disturbed that she might die without seeing the final establishment and approval of the Order by the Holy See. In 1963, just prior to the end of her exclaustration María Concepción Zúñiga López wrote in a brief autobiography of her life about the founding of the Order of Atonement, which she handed to Pope Paul VI during her first meeting with this Vicar of Christ:
Mother María Concepción of the Nativity and the Perpetual Help of Mary died on October 15, the Feast of Saint Teresa of Jesus aka Saint Teresa of Avila, in 1979.
References
External links
Site Disabled - 20m Free Web Space
Dictionary : PIOUS UNION
Atonement Booklets
Catholic Church in Mexico
Congregations of Franciscan sisters
Catholic female orders and societies
Catholic organizations established in the 20th century
Catholic religious institutes established in the 20th century
"Shades of Gray" is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the NBC superhero drama series Heroes and fifty-third episode overall. The episode aired on March 9, 2009.
Plot
Nathan Petrelli discovers Danko's plan to set up Matt Parkman as a terrorist to blow up in Washington D.C. While Matt is surrounded by police forces, Nathan flies over to talk to him. Danko sees Nathan with Matt on news channels, but decides to detonate the bomb anyway. However, "Rebel" intervenes by hacking into the network. Nathan urges Matt to use his powers to see if he can find out how to disarm the bomb by reading the minds of the police around him. Danko gains control of the bomb again, but Matt manages to disarm it in time. Nathan then punches Matt, who is then taken into custody. Later, Nathan tells Danko he will attempt to have him removed from the agency, though Danko responds by saying he heard Tracy Strauss mention Nathan was "one of us." Nathan meets with Tracy, urging her to not divulge anything. When Danko enters her cell to ask her about Nathan possibly having powers, she replies she has no idea. Later, Danko talks with Noah Bennet about asking Angela Petrelli about Nathan. Noah warns Angela that Danko has set his sights on her, though she replies she'll be ready for him. Danko meets with Angela in New York, and attempts to discover if Nathan has an ability, pointing out that Nathan's brother, daughter and parents all had abilities. Angela denies it, and then brings up a certain incident in Danko's past that had involved the deaths of many people. At this, Danko is visibly stirred and leaves. Afterwards, Nathan notifies Danko that he's been fired after consulting with the President, and decides to appoint Noah in his place. Danko later confronts Nathan with a gun, but instead of killing him, he shoots at the window behind Nathan and pushes him through it. Nathan activates his ability to stop his fall, but in clear view of Danko; Nathan then flies away, leaving a bewildered Danko to ask Noah if he had any idea of it.
Sylar finally arrives at his father Samson's house, an old run-down place that is falling apart. Samson seems indifferent when he meets Sylar, and when Sylar announces his intentions to kill him, he reveals he is already dying from cancer. Samson also reveals he has a power similar to Sylar's, including an acquired ability that paralyzes a person as if they were drugged. He also shares knowledge of Sylar's methodology, picking easy, helpless targets rather than going after "big game." He also suggests Sylar take the fight to Nathan's agency rather than always running from their agents. When Samson witnesses Sylar heal instantly after accidentally cutting himself, he tries to take the ability from Sylar by paralyzing him. Sylar, however, manages to override it. Samson points out that taking his ability will not harm him as he can heal, but Sylar says he doesn't wish for his father to have such a power, and decides to leave. Samson begs Sylar to kill him, but Sylar says his cancer will eventually do so anyway, and leaves. Later, Danko returns to his apartment and discovers Samson's stuffed rabbit on his desk, and Sylar is shown ready to confront him.
Claire Bennet is shocked to find Eric Doyle at her house, who says "Rebel" had told him to ask her for help. Claire refuses to do so, after what Doyle had done to her and her mother. Doyle at first wonders why Claire hadn't been hunted after, and after Claire reveals she had been given a free pass, he accuses her of abandoning her kind for not helping. Doyle insists he's changed, and that she doesn't know what it's like to be hunted. Doyle then leaves after explaining he doesn't want to force her to help. Claire later gets a job at the comic book store, filling Alex Woolsley's position, and after being asked during the interview about what type of hero she would want to be, she wonders if she should have helped Doyle. She then gets a message from "Rebel" warning her that agents have found Doyle. Doyle manages to use his ability to subdue one of the agents, but Claire arrives and knocks out the other. Later, she hands him a folder containing everything he needs to start a life under a new identity. Doyle thanks her, and Claire mentions that she is doing so because it is "who [she] needs to be right now." When Claire asks Doyle if he really has changed, Doyle just smiles and walks away. Later, "Rebel" sends a message to Claire warning that her free pass has expired and that agents are coming to apprehend her. The agents find no trace of Claire in the bedroom; Claire is shown in Nathan's arms, floating outside her window as they look on.
Hiro Nakamura and Ando Masahashi arrive at an address in Los Angeles, under directions from "Rebel" to save Matt Parkman. However, they find out the message had possibly been referring to another person, as they find Matt Parkman to be a baby. The baby's annoyed teenage babysitter is eager to pawn the baby off to them, who believes Hiro and Ando to be her replacement, and then leaves. A confused Hiro is left holding the baby Matt Parkman.
Critical reception
Josh Modell of The A.V. Club rated this episode a C.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 6.4 out of 10.
References
External links
Beaming Beeman - Season 3, Episode 19 - Director's blog on the filming of this episode
Heroes (season 3) episodes
2009 American television episodes
Toshiyasu (written: 寿康, 利保 or 年安) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese sport shooter
Maeda Toshiyasu (disambiguation), multiple people
, Japanese footballer
Japanese masculine given names
Rheatown is an unincorporated community in eastern Greene County, Tennessee just north of Chuckey.
History
Rheatown was said to be one the oldest communities in Greene County, its first settlers having arrived in the early 1780s. It was located along the old stage road between Jonesborough and Greeneville (one of the main roads passing through the community today still bears the name "Old Stage Road"). By the 1820s, it had a post office and several businesses, and had been named in honor of Congressman John Rhea. It was incorporated as a town in 1856, however it is now unincorporated.
Postal service
Rheatown had a post office from 1823 until an unknown time. However it does not currently have its own post office or zip code. Chuckey's zip code (37641) and post office serves Rheatown.
References
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Tennessee
Former municipalities in Tennessee
John Henry MacCracken (September 30, 1875 – February 1, 1948) was an American academic administrator who served as president of Westminster College and Lafayette College. When he was chosen as president of Westminster College in 1899, MacCracken was the youngest college president in the United States. MacCracken was the son of Henry MacCracken, a chancellor of New York University, and the brother of Henry Noble MacCracken, a president of Vassar College.
Early life
MacCracken was born in Rochester, Vermont, to Henry MacCracken, a chancellor of New York University (NYU), and the former Catherine Almira Hubbard. He was a descendant of Irish immigrants to Pennsylvania in the mid-18th century. His brother Henry Noble MacCracken became president of Vassar College. John Henry MacCracken attended college preparatory school in New York City.
When he was 15, MacCracken enrolled at NYU and he completed an undergraduate degree in 1894, when he was named class valedictorian. He pursued graduate study at NYU and the Union Theological Seminary before earning a Ph.D. at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg in Germany.
Career
He joined the NYU faculty in 1896 and was promoted to assistant professor shortly before accepting the role of president at Westminster College in 1899. At the time of his election to the presidency at Westminster College, an NYU source said that the appointment would make him the youngest college president in the United States.
When MacCracken came to Westminster, his age raised alarm among some of the supporters of the university, and his modest personality and quiet nature did not immediately assuage his doubters. Within a few months, MacCracken secured $20,000 in donations for the university, and he was able to increase the variety of academic offerings at the school. When the university's chair of Bible and metaphysics resigned, President MacCracken was named the Sauser Chair of Philosophy and Christian Apologetics. A formal presidential inauguration was held for MacCracken in June 1900.
MacCracken left Westminster College in 1903 to return to NYU as a syndic and professor of politics. He taught one of the earliest courses in city planning in the United States, and he served as vice president of the university senate. In 1914, MacCracken was vice president of the trustees of the American Institute of Christian Philosophy. His father was president.
In 1915, MacCracken was selected as president of Lafayette College. The school's physical plant increased in value under MacCracken, who served until 1927.
During his time as president of Lafayette College, MacCracken was one of the founding advisors during the creation of Alpha Phi Omega, the largest collegiate fraternity in the United States.
Personal
MacCracken married Edith Constable in 1910. MacCracken's father-in-law, Frederick Augustus Constable, managed Arnold Constable & Company in New York, and he was the son of one of the store's original partners. MacCracken's daughter Louise married Robert Olmsted, a trustee of Vassar College and the namesake of the school's biological sciences building. His son Constable was a graduate of Harvard University and Columbia Law School.
Active in the Presbyterian faith, MacCracken spent nearly ten years as president of the Presbyterian college board. He represented the church as a delegate at world conferences in Lausanne, Oxford and Edinburgh.
Death
MacCracken died at his Manhattan home on February 1, 1948. He was survived by his wife, daughter, son and brother.
References
1875 births
1948 deaths
People from Rochester, Vermont
New York University alumni
Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg alumni
New York University faculty
Presidents of Lafayette College
Alpha Phi Omega founders
Lafayette College trustees
Union Theological Seminary (New York City) alumni
Abu al-Hakam Mundhir ibn Sa'īd ibn Abd Allah ibn Abd ar-Rahman al-Ballūṭī () (88715 November 966) was a Muslim legal expert and judiciary official in Al-Andalus. In addition to his legal career, he was also considered a prominent theologian, academic, linguist, poet and intellectual.
Biography
Background
Balluti's exact date of birth is disputed, with historians listing the year as both 886 and 887. He was born and raised in Los Pedroches in the mountainous region of Cordoba Province, northwest of Córdoba, Andalusia. Balluti's family, however, was originally from North Africa of Berber origins. He came from a religiously active family, and his sister was notable as a Muslim woman who founded her own monastery known as a Ribat where she and other women could devote their lives solely to piety and religious scholarship.
Education
Balluti initially studied Islamic studies in the capital of Andalus, later traveling east both for the sake of his education and to perform the Muslim pilgrimage at Mecca, which he completed in 921. He studied in various regions under a number of different teachers before traveling to Cairo in order to study Arabic grammar and literature. Later gaining some renown as a linguist in his own right, he was also known as a poet.
Death
Balluti died in his hometown of Cordoba in 15 November 966. He was 82 years old.
Judicial career
As Chief Judge
Initially, Balluti served as the chief judge of Mérida. Later, he served as the judge of the Umayyad Caliph of Cordoba Abd-ar-Rahman III from 949 until his death under the reign of Al-Hakam II.
During the zenith of Byzantine-Andalusian relations, Emperor Constantine VII joined a succession of Christian rulers meeting with Muslim officials. During one of these meetings, Balluti delivered an oration upon the reception of a group of Byzantine envoys at Abd-arRahman III's palace, expressing his extremely positive views of the caliph and the obligation of the people of Spain to obey their ruler; he was subsequently appointed to the position of the caliphate's top judicial official. Balluti's speech is still preserved as an accurate description of the caliph's court and palace at the time.
Legalistic Views
Although he did not adhere to the Maliki school of law favored by the Umayyad dynasty, Balluti was still the chief judge of Cordoba during his twilight years; it is thought that he kept his Zahirite views to himself and his family without attempting to spread them. In addition to his position on the judge's bench, Al-Hakam II also appointed him as a professor. Balluti's appointment despite his personal convictions was considered by Islamic scholar William Montgomery Watt to indicate that while the Umayyad remnants favored the Malikite school, they were not willing to grant it absolute monopoly.
Although Balluti was willing to keep his juristic views to himself, he was not as soft-spoken regarding his views on morality. When Abd-ar-Rahman III attempted to cover the ceiling of his palace Medina Azahara in gold and silver, the extravagance was too excessive for Balluti to accept, prompting him to encourage the caliph to stop; he even went as far as to say the Devil was tempting the caliph with such excess.
Legacy
Balluti was considered by Ibn Khaldun to be one of the six individuals from the Berber people who became well known throughout history for a strong knowledge of Islamic studies.
Creed
Balluti was accused of holding to the doctrine of the Mu'tazilites, a sect within Islam which had mostly become extinct at the time. Historian Maribel Fierro has argued that this is not possible due to Balluti's polemics regarding Christian-Muslim dialogue. When reviewing the conversion document of a former Christian, Balluti rejected the individual's Muslim testimony of faith due to the wording: "Muhammad is God's messenger, and Jesus is God's messenger and His word." The wording as an incomplete quote of a verse from the Qur'an.
Balluti argued that if Jesus is God's word, but also a mortal, created being, then God's word - meaning the Qur'an - would also be created, rather than eternal; he also pointed out that a Byzantine Emperor - likely Theophilos - rebuked the Abbasid caliph Al-Ma'mun for believing Jesus is the word of God, and that the Qur'an is uncreated, yet also believing that Jesus was a mortal man. Thus, if the individual wanted to use the aforementioned verse in their testimony of faith, they would need to quote the verse in its entirety for the sake of context before Balluti would be willing to approve the conversion documents. The belief that the Qur'an was created rather than eternal was championed by the Mu'tazilites and opposed by textualists such as Ahmad ibn Hanbal, thus negating the claim that Balluti could have been the former rather than the latter. Later documents of Christian conversions to Islam in Spain were written in the same formula proposed by Balluti, indicating that his argument had gained official acceptance.
See also
Qadi
Ulema
References
887 births
966 deaths
9th-century Berber people
10th-century Berber people
Berber writers
Berber scholars
Islamic philosophers
Scholars of Al-Andalus
10th-century Al-Andalus writers
10th-century Muslim scholars of Islam
People from Córdoba, Spain
Sharia judges
Sunni Muslim scholars
Zahiris
10th-century jurists
The Benetton B197 is a Formula One racing car with which the Benetton team competed in the 1997 Formula One World Championship. There it was driven by Frenchman Jean Alesi and Austrian Gerhard Berger, who were both in their second season with the team. However, Berger was forced to sit out three races in the middle of the season due to sinus problems, and compatriot Alexander Wurz made his F1 début by deputising for him, starting at the Canadian Grand Prix.
The car is a further development of the previous year's B196, from which both drivers had struggled to extract maximum performance. The B197 proved competitive at nearly every race, but only scored one win, courtesy of Berger on his return to the cockpit in Germany. The main problem with the car was its inability to bring its tyres up to temperature on low-grip circuits, particularly in qualifying. However, Berger and Alesi did secure one pole position each during the course of the season. By the end of the season, it was clear that Benetton would adopt a new driver line-up for , with Berger retiring and Alesi moving to Sauber.
The team eventually finished third in the Constructors' Championship, with 67 points. Both B197 cars are still actively used, competing in the BOSS GP Series as of 2022.
Complete Formula One results
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position; results in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
AUTOCOURSE 1997–98, Henry, Alan (ed.), Hazleton Publishing Ltd. (1997)
External links
B197
1997 Formula One season cars
Peritia is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering Celtic and Insular medieval studies in the context of the European Middle Ages and European medieval studies in general. It is published by the Medieval Academy of Ireland.
History
Founded and edited by Donnchadh Ó Corráin of University College Cork since the early 1980s until 2016, Ó Corráin passed on this role to
Dáibhí Ó Cróinín (NUI Galway) and Elva Johnston (University College Dublin). Ó Cróinín's work had featured in the first edition. Patrick Wormald also noted two "firsts" in English language scholarship in his review of that edition: Jonas's great life of Columbanus being given its first "sustained treatment" in the language (by Ian N. Wood) and a description of "the beginnings of hagiographical writing in Iceland".
The Irish Times have credited the journal with featuring the work of scholars who might elsewhere have been neglected.
Publication history
The journal is published by Brepols. It has been available since the early 1980s.
Notes
References
1980s establishments in Ireland
Annual journals
Celtic studies
English-language journals
European history journals
Publications established in the 1980s
Brepols academic journals
USA-63, also known as GPS II-8 and GPS SVN-21, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the eighth of nine Block II GPS satellites to be launched, which were the first operational GPS satellites to fly.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-63 was launched at 05:39:00 UTC on 2 August 1990, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D197, flying in the 6925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-63 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 3 September 1990, USA-63 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.0 minutes, and 54.7° of inclination to the equator. It operated in slot 2 of plane E of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of , and generated 710 watts of power. It had a design life of 7.5 years, and ceased operations on 25 September 2002.
References
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1990
Dinjčić (Дињчић), sometime Dinjičić (Дињичић), later branch known as Kovačević, were Bosnian medieval noble family which flourished during kingdom period, and ruled the Jadar-Drinjača areal and wider Srebrenica .
Coat of Arms
The family coat of arms is described in every iteration of the Illyrian Armorials, such as Fojnica Armorial at page 59. It depicts a dragon motif above the helmet, in the crest. It also belongs to the Kovačević branch, which is evident from the comments.
References
Bibliography
Bosnian magnates
Medieval Bosnian nobility
Dinjčić noble family
Ellen Charlotte Higgins (14 August 1871, Brixton, London - 13 December 1951, Edinburgh) was the third Principal of Royal Holloway College, University of London (RHC) from 1907-1935. Her father was a publisher and both parents were of Scottish descent. Her portrait is held in the Royal Holloway, University of London art collection.
Education
She was educated at the private Edinburgh Ladies' College and won an entrance scholarship to RHC in 1890, one of 32 students joining that year. While at the College she played hockey and lived in the Founder's Building. She graduated with a London University degree with first class honours in English. She also was placed in the first classes of final honours in mathematics at the University of Oxford. (RHC entered students in examinations at one or both universities at the time, but Oxford did not award degrees to women until the 1920s, instead giving an indication of where they would have been placed if they did.)
Career
After her student days at RHC she taught maths at Cheltenham Ladies' College from 1895 to 1907 becoming departmental head.
She became principal of RHC from 1907-1935, succeeding Dame Emily Penrose, she was the longest standing Principal of RHC and was known as 'The Chief' by the students. She was senator of London University from 1911 to 1935 and blocked a move to remove RHC from the university because of its 'remote location' though it is only 20 miles and 30 minutes by train from the centre of London. She had women admitted to the governing body and in 1920 the principal became a governor ex officio. In 1908, RHC's Women's Suffrage Society was founded. She was succeeded as principal by Miss Janet Ruth Bacon.
Personal life
She became a close companion of the secretary to RHC's governors, Ulrica Dolling, who joined the staff in 1918. They lived together on retirement in 1935. Dolling died in 1970.
See also
Emily Penrose
References
1871 births
1951 deaths
People educated at the Mary Erskine School
People associated with Royal Holloway, University of London
Alumni of Royal Holloway, University of London
Mamousia (Greek: Μαμουσιά) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Diakopto, Achaea, Greece. It is 6 km southwest of Diakopto, on the west side of the Vouraikos gorge. In 2011 the population was 214 for the village and 355 for the community, which includes the villages Derveni and Stavria.
Population
History
The ancient city Boura was located near present Mamousia. The city had an ancient theatre most of which has yet to be excavated; several artifacts are on display at the Aigio Archeological Museum. Boura was destroyed in an earthquake in 373 BC. Mamousia suffered damage from the 2007 Greek forest fires.
External links
Mamousia GTP Travel Pages
See also
List of settlements in Achaea
References
Aigialeia
Diakopto
Populated places in Achaea
MacDonald Farm is a historic farm complex located at Meredith in Delaware County, New York, United States. The complex consists of the main farm house, a hops barn now used as a garage, privy, smokehouse, incubator shed, barn, straw barn, creamery, mill building, and two residences built for married hired hands. The farm house was built in 1851 and most of the buildings were built between 1870 and 1900.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Houses completed in 1851
Houses in Delaware County, New York
1851 establishments in New York (state)
Tianliao District () is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Tianliao was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County merged with Kaohsiung City and Tianliao was upgraded to a district of the city.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Lupu, Nanan, Datong, Tianliao, Qixing, Chongde, Xide, Sanhe, Guting and Xinxing Village.
Tourist attractions
Agongdian Reservoir
Chaoyuan Temple (朝元寺)
Danantian Fude Temple (大南天福德祠)
Lyu Family Ancient House
Mount Matou
Narrow Sky
Rihyue Temple (日月禪寺)
Shihmuru
Shihzueizai Pavilion
Tianliao Moon World
Notable natives
Su Jain-rong, Minister of Finance
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Nazmul Huda Bachchu (11 July 1938 – 28 June 2017) was a Bangladeshi film and television actor. He won Bangladesh National Film Award.
Early life and education
From 1938 to 1950 he was in Kolkata with his parents. His father was a doctor at Kolkata Railway Hospital. After partition they moved to East Pakistan (Bangladesh).
Bachchu completed his post graduation in political science from the University of Dhaka in 1963.
Bachchu began his career in music and became a singer and music director. While he was a student, he served as a singer on the radio. In 1961, he provided vocals for the song "Obhimaan Korona" in the film Harano Din, directed by Mustafizul Haq. He performed as a playback singer for several films.
Bachchu emerged as an actor by his performances at SM Hall at the University of Dhaka. He made his television debut in the drama series Chacha Bhatija and film debut in Babul Chowdhury's Aakabaaka.
Bachchu died on 28 June 2017 in Square Hospital in Dhaka. He made his last film appearance in Oggatonama, directed by Tauquir Ahmed.
Works
Films
Television dramas
References
External links
1938 births
2017 deaths
People from Magura District
University of Dhaka alumni
Bangladeshi male film actors
Bangladeshi male television actors
Recipients of the National Film Awards (Bangladesh)
Burials at Banani Graveyard
Soft detention (Simplified Chinese: 软禁, Traditional Chinese: 軟禁, Pinyin: ruǎnjìn) is a form of house arrest used in the People's Republic of China to control political dissidents. It has its roots in the practices of the Chinese Empire which employed it as early as the Northern Song Dynasty when those such as Su Shi who criticized the emperor were subjected to it. Traditionally, and in modern practice, there are three levels of restriction; the loosest, "juzhu", restricts the detainee to their home district. This restriction was employed on the history teacher Yuan Tengfei who included information about banned aspects of modern Chinese history in his lectures. The second level, "anzhi", employed anciently on Su Shi, restricts the prisoner to their home, but they may be allowed to go for a walk or go to work. The severest form, "bianguan", which was imposed on the human rights activist Chen Guangcheng involves limited movement of the prisoner to their home, constant surveillance, restriction of contract with others, and, sometimes, harassment.
Notes
External links
New York Times video of the escape of Chen Guangcheng from house arrest
Imprisonment and detention
Penal system in China
The Ua Pou monarch (Pomarea mira) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae, endemic to the French Polynesian island of Ua Pou. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Ua Pou monarch was formerly considered as a subspecies of the Marquesan monarch until elevated to species rank by the IOC in 2012.
Status
It was considered extinct due to habitat loss, having last been observed in 1975 and not located on intensive searches in 1998 and 1999. However, in 2010 an unconfirmed but convincing report of a male was observed on Ua Pou and based on this possible rediscovery, the status was reverted in 2013 to critically endangered and possibly extinct. If indeed still extant, the remaining population would be very small, certainly less than fifty.
References
Ua Pou monarch
Birds of the Marquesas Islands
Ua Pou monarch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Wiseburn Unified School District is a school district in Los Angeles County, California operating elementary and middle schools. Its headquarters are on the grounds of the Da Vinci charter schools facility in El Segundo. Previously they were in Hawthorne.
History
It was established in 1896. In 1912 the El Segundo School District opened, taking territory from Wiseburn. Circa 1913 Manhattan Beach, which had a school, split off from Wiseburn School District into its own elementary school district.
There was a movement for the Wiseburn district to secede from the Centinela Valley Union High School District which began as a signature collection drive around 2001. In 2002 the Los Angeles County Committee on School District Organization recommended that the vote to secede go forward but that the entire Centinela Valley area, and not just Wiseburn, vote on the secession issue. Wiseburn alone had 6,400 registered voters living in its boundaries while the entirety of Centinela Valley had 54,000 registered voters. Sandra Murillo of the Los Angeles Times stated that having the entire Centinela district vote on the matter would make it less likely to pass. The leadership of the Centinela Valley district was in favor of the entire district voting on the matter. In 2004 all board members of the California Board of Education except for one, who abstained, voted to declare that the vote on whether Wiseburn may secede should only be decided within Wiseburn's boundaries. An election was scheduled for March 8, 2005, but in December 2004, David Yaffe, a Los Angeles Superior Court judge, granted a request from the Centinela district for a preliminary injunction, putting an abeyance on the election.
On November 5, 2013, 92.63% of the district's voters participating in the election favored the establishment of Wiseburn as a unified school district, permitting it to establish a high school.
District boundaries
The district has a territory of about . The district serves Hollyglen, located in western Hawthorne, and Del Aire and Wiseburn, unincorporated areas south of Los Angeles International Airport. About 50% of the district is located in the city of El Segundo.
As of 2004 the district receives large amounts of property taxes from aerospace and high technology industries in eastern El Segundo. This area has no residential population. the companies in that area include AIG, Boeing, Mattel, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, and Xerox. With the money from the area, the Wiseburn district had rebuilt all four of its schools in the 2000s. The Wiseburn district as a whole, as of 2002, generates about 40% of the assessed property value of the entire Centinela Valley district. Jean Merl of the Los Angeles Times wrote in 2004 that Wiseburn "provides by far the largest portion of [the Centinela Valley Union High School District]'s assessed property tax valuation." The companies contributed about 80% of the Wiseburn district's $87 million 2010 school bond.
Demographics
In 2004 the school district had 2,000 students. At the time, about 33% were transfers from other school districts. As of 2014 the district allows parents in the Ladera Heights community and the Los Angeles neighborhoods of Mar Vista, Playa del Rey, Playa Vista, and Westchester to send their children to Wiseburn schools on inter-district transfers.
As of 2014 Wiseburn residents were also a part of the Centinela Valley Union High School district, with separate portions assigned to Hawthorne High School and Lawndale High School. As of 2004, of the districts feeding into the Centinela Valley school district, Wiseburn sent the fewest students. As of 2014, most students within the Wiseburn School District did not matriculate to Centinela Valley after leaving the 8th grade and instead went to other schools, including the Da Vinci charter schools in Wiseburn. Therefore, the students in the Wiseburn system did not stay together. Israel Mora, a board member of the Wiseburn district, stated that the education at Centinela Valley schools declined in the 1980s and that "They are trying to bring it back up, but it's a struggle for them."
Student performance
As of 2004 the Wiseburn district Academic Performance Index (API) was 784. That year Jean Merl of the Los Angeles Times described the Wiseburn district as being "high-performing".
Schools
Zoned schools:
Richard Henry Dana Middle School (6-8) (Hawthorne)
Dana is located in Hollyglen. Its current building opened in 2007.
Juan de Anza Elementary School (K-5) (Unincorporated area)
The current Anza building opened in the northern hemisphere fall of 2002.
138th Street School (3-5) (Hawthorne)
It was modernized in 1999.
Juan Cabrillo Elementary School (K-2) (Hawthorne)
In June 2007, 83% of district voters approved bonds to build a new campus for Cabrillo. In December 2008 the building's construction was complete.
Charter schools:
Da Vinci Design Charter School (9-12)
The school opened in August 2009 as a way to provide an alternative high school.
Da Vinci Science Charter School (9-12)
The school opened in August 2009 as a way to provide an alternative high school.
Da Vinci Communications Charter School (9-12)
Da Vinci Connect (K-8)
Opened in August 2011.
the Da Vinci Design, Science, and Communications charters serve as the zoned high schools of people living in Wiseburn USD.
The charter high schools do not have all of the offerings of a traditional comprehensive high school and instead are specialized schools.
Wiseburn High School
The district has plans to establish a Wiseburn High School campus that will house its three independent charter high schools, Da Vinci Communications, Da Vinci Design, and Da Vinci Science. The district voters approved an $87 million bond to build the high school in November 2010. This was the first time that a California elementary school district approved bonds intended for constructing a high school. In 2013 the district completed an environmental impact report. The district intends to open the new campus in August 2017.
In March 2013 the district closed escrow on the building's sale and approved the environmental studies. The City of El Segundo objected to the sale. The city administration officially stated the reasons as being noise, parking, and traffic, while Wiseburn officials stated the city feared losing tax revenue by having a former office building be converted to a school. The city cannot make taxes off of public schools.
The school is being established in the 201 N. Douglas St. building, on a plot of land across the street from the Los Angeles Air Force Base and near El Segundo Boulevard. The facility, bought by the Wiseburn district for $46 million, was formerly leased by Northrop Grumman and owned by Douglas Property Holdings Co., LLC. In January 2014 Northrop had moved its employees out of the building and to Redondo Beach. On January 13 of that year, the ownership changed from Douglas Property Holdings Co., LLC. to Continental Development Corp., a company owned by El Segundo landowner Richard Lundquist. On the same day the Wiseburn district assumed ownership, taking it from Continental Development Corp.
The renovation will be designed by the architecture company Gensler. The district plans to retain about 66% of the existing building and remove the rest of it. The district plans to use four floors, with each floor the equivalent of one and one half soccer fields. The district plans to establish an atrium inside the building. The Wiseburn School District plans call for building an auditorium and a gymnasium separate from the existing structure. The district offices will also be moving from their current location to offices on the first floor of the new building The 2010 school bond will provide the funding for the construction.
Robert Kuznia of the Daily Breeze wrote that the district selected the site because of the proximity to the aerospace companies and because of the room allowed for parking and athletic fields.
The district plans to move its charter high schools to the Wiseburn High School campus when it opens. The district offices will also be moving from their current location to offices on the first floor of the new building.
Community relations
As of 2014 many aerospace engineers volunteer as tutors at Wiseburn schools.
See also
Non-high school district
References
External links
School districts in Los Angeles County, California
El Segundo, California
Hawthorne, California
School districts established in 1896
1896 establishments in California
Bror Olov Blomkvist (29 June 1922 – 15 July 2017) was a Swedish architect.
Biography
Blomkvist was born in Stockholm, Sweden.
He is the son of Bror Blomkvist and Elsa Gustavson. He studied at KTH Royal Institute of Technology and graduated from there in 1952. He was hired at architect Nils Lönnroth (1912-1998) in 1953. Later he worked for Stockholm tramways architect office in 1958. He was project manager for Kooperative förbundets arkitektkontor from 1965 to his retirement.
Amongst other buildings he has designed the Västertorp and Brommaplan metro station.
References
1922 births
2017 deaths
Artists from Stockholm
KTH Royal Institute of Technology alumni
20th-century Swedish architects
The Politics of Dancing 3 is the seventh studio album by Paul van Dyk, released on 4 May 2015 by Ultra Music and Vandit. The album features
many collaborations including Aly & Fila, Ummet Ozcan, Giuseppe Ottaviani, Las Salinas, Roger Shah, Jordan Suckley, and Sue McLaren.
The album is the third album from Paul van Dyk's legendary compilation The Politics of Dancing series (the first was released in 2001 and the second in 2005). Paul van Dyk said about the album : “The third Politics of Dancing's sound is, to me, more about what I'm about than the first two albums even. With them, I took music from other people and mixed, remixed and articulated it into the releases. Now we're talking about tracks that I've written and co-written with other artists. So this is pretty much my idea of what electronic music should sound like now. "Politics" is almost like a "sound dictionary" of where I'm at musically. For me it continues the theme/thread of the first two, whilst acknowledging the passage of time between the then and the now.”.
The album includes collaborations such as: Come With Me (We Are One) (with Ummet Ozcan), Lights (featuring Sue McLaren), Guardian (with Aly & Fila, featuring Sue McLaren) and Louder (with Roger Shah, featuring Daphne Khoo).
Track listing
References
External links
The Politics of Dancing 3 at Discogs
2015 albums
Paul van Dyk albums
Ultra Records albums
Vandit albums
This is a list of European colonial administrators responsible for the territory of French West Africa, an area equivalent to modern-day Mauritania, Mali, Niger, Senegal, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Burkina Faso, Benin and Togo.
List
(Dates in italics indicate de facto continuation of office)
See also
French West Africa
Ivory Coast
Benin
French Dahomey
Mali
French Sudan
Guinea
Mauritania
Niger
Senegal
Burkina Faso
French Upper Volta
Togo
French Togoland
Lists of office-holders
List of French possessions and colonies
External links
History of Ivory Coast
French Dahomey
Political history of Mali
History of Guinea
History of Mauritania
History of Niger
History of Senegal
20th century in Burkina Faso
West Africa
Colonial heads
Colonial heads
Colonial heads
Colonial heads
Colonial heads
Colonial heads
Colonial heads
Colonial heads
Mississauga—Erin Mills is a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It elects one member to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. This riding was created in 2015.
Members of Provincial Parliament
Election results
References
External links
Map of riding for 2018 election
Ontario provincial electoral districts
Politics of Mississauga
Warren Roger King (born May 9, 1937) is a former judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia and the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Biography
King was raised in Washington, D.C., and Maryland. He graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1960 and served in the United States Navy. In 1969 he returned to D.C. and joined the U.S. Attorney's office, where he prosecuted cases at the trial and appellate levels. In 1975, he left the U.S. Attorney's office to teach at the Antioch School of Law. In 1981, he became a Superior Court judge, and in 1991 he was elevated to the appeals court. He took senior status in 1998 and retired from the bench in 2016.
References
Sources
1937 births
Living people
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Judges of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumni
Washington College of Law alumni
Assistant United States Attorneys
Judges of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
20th-century American judges
Helsinki Times is the first English language daily online newspaper in Finland providing news about Finland and the world for English-speaking readers resident in the country. A weekly printed edition was issued between 2007 and 2015.
History and profile
Helsinki Times was established in April 2007 by Iranian-born doctor, writer, journalist and director Alexis Kouros who settled in Finland in 1990. A paper version was published in tabloid format. and was eventually discontinued in February 2015. However, until today, helsinkitimes.fi is updated several times per day with domestic news about Finland in English, resulting in a huge archive of Finland related articles compiled of a good number of original and translated articles.
Helsinki Times has had partnerships with The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN, Reuters, Inter Press Service, People's Daily, and other prominent international media outlets. Columns and articles from these media had been published in Helsinki Times regularly and some of them advertised their sites and services in Helsinki Times.
Domestically, Helsinki Times partnered with Finland's main newspaper, Helsingin Sanomat, where Helsinki Times was the official English language edition of Helsingin Sanomat. During that partnership, which lasted from 2014 to 2016, in addition to its original columns and articles, some articles from the Finnish paper were translated and published in English on the website of Helsinki Times.
Today
Nowadays, Helsinki Times is a free online newspaper published by media company Dream Catcher, which can be read without subscription. The site has more than 300 000 unique visitors each month. Notable guest columnists included Mikhail Gorbachev, Dilma Rousseff, Calestous Juma, Pekka Haavisto, Yuri Fedotov, Cynthia McKinney, Giovanni Buttarelli, Jutta Urpilainen, Sanni Grahn-Laasonen, Bill Durodié, Veltto Virtanen, and Maria Guzenina.
Readers are mainly expats, diplomats and immigrants residing in Finland, but the site is visited by a considerable number of readers, who have commercial or personal interest in Finland's affairs. The official Facebook page is updated several times per day and has over 12 000 Likes.
Apart from Helsinki Times, award-winning documentaries and TV series, and books, Dream Catcher is also publishing SixDegrees, an online service featuring articles and columns about lifestyle, culture, society, as well as interviews and weekly guest contributions by immigrants in Finland.
In 2020 and 2021, the newssite has sections for China News in English and Simplified Chinese, whose articles are provided directly by People's Daily, and which have downplayed the Xinjiang internment camps and published Chinese-written disinformation about Covid-19. It defended the arrangement as an attempt to balance allegedly biased Western media reports.
See also
List of newspapers in Finland
References
External links
Official site
SixDegrees - Finland's English Language Magazine
2007 establishments in Finland
English-language newspapers published in Europe
Finnish news websites
Newspapers published in Helsinki
Daily newspapers published in Finland
Publications established in 2007
Publications disestablished in 2015
Weekly newspapers published in Finland
2015 disestablishments in Finland
Online newspapers with defunct print editions
Defunct newspapers published in Finland
East Island is one of three islets of Ashmore Reef, which is a part of Ashmore and Cartier Islands. It is located at , about midway between Australia and Timor. It is often referred to as East Islet, a name that is used, for example, in The World Factbook; the islet's gazetted name is, however, East Island.
It has an area of around . Like the other islands on the reef, it is unpopulated. Politically it is part of Ashmore and Cartier Islands, an external territory of Australia. Some Indonesian groups dispute Australia's claim to this island, however.
References
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
In the United Kingdom, a regional casino (super casino or mega casino) was the largest category of casino permitted under law – equivalent in size to the larger casinos in Las Vegas. The first regional casino was proposed in 2007 for Manchester, but the scheme was scrapped by the government in 2008.
History
The Gambling Act 2005 revised many regulations relating to gambling in England. Among the more controversial provisions was the establishment of a number of 'destination casinos' in the style of Las Vegas, referred to in the media as 'super casinos'
Initial drafts of the act proposed eight regional casinos, but concerns expressed in the national media and by a range of addiction-related social and religious groups meant that the final revision of the act permitted only one casino of the largest size, referred to as a 'regional casino', with a further eight 'large' and eight 'small' casinos of a smaller size and with reduced jackpot limits.
Prior to the act there were 140 casinos in the UK, the largest of which in Star City, Birmingham had a floor area of around . Customers were required to register twenty-four hours prior to gaming.
Definition of casino types
Under the terms of the Gambling Act the Secretary of State is able to define each type of casino, with reference to any matter he or she chooses; although the act specifically mentions as facts to consider the number, location and concentration of gaming tables, and the floor area designated for a specific purpose.
Definitions were determined such that the 'super casino' would have a minimum customer area of 5000 square metres and at most 1250 unlimited-jackpot slot machines.
'Large casinos' would have a minimum area of 1000 square metres and up to 150 slot machines with a maximum jackpot of £4000.
The 'small casinos' would have a minimum customer area of 750 sq metres, up to 80 slot machines and a jackpot of £4000.
Shortlist and selection
In May 2006, a short-list of eight sites, selected from submissions by local councils, was announced for the regional casino. These were:
Wembley Stadium, Brent, London (which removed itself from consideration prior to the decision being made)
The O2, Greenwich, London
Cardiff
Blackpool
Sportcity, Manchester
Newcastle
Bramall Lane, East End (Don Valley Stadium) or Meadowhall Centre, Sheffield
Glasgow: many sites were put forward, including Ibrox Park
Wembley was later ruled out, according to the BBC: "The decision came after the local council withdrew its support for the proposed £335m ($632m) gambling venue". This brought the number of potential venues down to seven. The O2's proposal was involved in controversy after it was revealed that Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott had stayed at the ranch of Philip Anschutz, whose Anschutz Entertainment Group was involved in the reopening of the Millennium Dome site as a sporting and entertainment venue. In August 2006 it was reported that construction of the shell of The O2's super casino site had already started.
Sites rejected at this shortlisting phase included:
Chesterfield
Coventry
Dartford
Dudley
Great Yarmouth
Havering
Kingston-upon-Hull
Ipswich
Leeds
Middlesbrough
Midlothian
Newport
Solihull (National Exhibition Centre)
Southampton
Southend-on-Sea
Sunderland
Thurrock
Wakefield
West Dunbartonshire
On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the first regional casino would be built in east Manchester near the City of Manchester Stadium. This was regarded as a shock to the Blackpool and The O2 (formerly the Millennium Dome) bids, both of whom were regarded as the favourites. However, the Blackpool bid organisers pledged to continue the work in getting government approval for a 'supercasino'.
The Casino Advisory Panel also recommend the areas in which large casinos should be licensed: Great Yarmouth; Kingston-upon-Hull; Leeds; Middlesbrough; Milton Keynes; Newham; Solihull and Southampton.
Outcome
In March 2007, the House of Lords rejected the Gambling Order relating to the Manchester casino. In January 2008, under new Prime Minister Gordon Brown, the government confirmed that plans for super casinos would be scrapped.
By November 2015, casinos in the 'large' category had opened in Milton Keynes, Newham and Solihull, with a fourth due to open in Leeds in 2016.
See also
Gambling in the UK
References
External links
Text of the Gambling Act, 2005
Casino Advisory Panel announcemenet of the Super Casino venue
Casinos in the United Kingdom
Gambling in the United Kingdom
New Labour
2000s in the United Kingdom
Economy of Manchester
2008 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
2005 establishments in the United Kingdom
The 1958 Special Honours in New Zealand were two special honours lists in which 26 New Zealanders were awarded the Polar Medal. The first list, issued on 22 May 1958, recognised 18 people for their services as members of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, while the second list, published on 9 October 1958, gave recognition to a further eight people for their services as members of the New Zealand International Geophysical Year party to Antarctica.
Polar Medal
Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition
Harry Herbert Ayres – of Christchurch.
Dr Ronald Walter Balham – of Wellington.
James Gordon Bates – of Morrinsville.
Ernest Selwyn Bucknell – of Days Bay.
Roy Albert Carlyon – of Aramoho.
Squadron Leader John Richard Claydon – Royal New Zealand Air Force; of Christchurch.
Flying Officer William Joseph Cranfield – Royal New Zealand Air Force; of Christchurch.
Murray Hamilton Douglas – of Christchurch.
Murray Roland Ellis – of Dunedin.
John Edward Gawn – of Wellington.
Bernard Maurice Gunn – of Christchurch.
Flight Lieutenant Gordon Haslop – Royal Air Force; serving in the United Kingdom.
Sir Edmund Percival Hillary – of Auckland.
Wallace George Lowe – of Hastings.
Joseph Holmes Miller – of Masterton.
Chief Radio Electrician Peter David Mulgrew – Royal New Zealand Navy; of Lower Hutt.
Sergeant Laurence Walter Tarr – Royal New Zealand Air Force; of the Thames.
Guyon Warren – of Christchurch.
International Geophysical Year
Dr Trevor Hatherton – of Wellington.
Vernon Bruce Gerard – of Christchurch.
John Gerard Humphries – of Christchurch.
Clayton Ernest Ingham – of Petone.
Michael William Langevad – of Christchurch.
William James Peter Macdonald – of Wellington.
Reginald Herbert Orr – of Waipukurau.
Herbert Neil Sandford – of Lower Hutt.
References
Special honours
1958 awards
Haji Yaqoob Qureshi (born 1 January 1959) is a Former Minister of Uttar Pradesh Government. He is elected former MLA of Bahujan Samaj Party.
Biography
Quraishi was elected from the Meerut seat in 2007 as a UPUDF candidate. After this he changed his party to Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). In 2012, he again changed his party to Rashtriya Lok Dal after he was denied a ticket for election from BSP.
He contested the 2019 Lok Sabha elections from Meerut on BSP ticket. He lost t BJP Candidate Rajendra Agrawal.
Controversy
He offered an $11 million reward for the death of cartoonists who drew cartoons that showed disrespect for Islam or the Muhammad.
After the 2015 shooting at the Charlie Hebdo office in Paris, he announced the prize to be taken in cash from him.
References
Living people
Uttar Pradesh politicians
1997 births
Bahujan Samaj Party politicians from Uttar Pradesh
The Iowa International Center (previously known as the Iowa Council for International Understanding) is a non-profit organization based in Des Moines, Iowa.
History
The organization was founded in 1938 based on the work of volunteers assisting World War II refugees. In 1941, the center partnered with a group of community organizations to sponsor a Panamanian student's trip to Iowa, a venture that led to the formation of the Pan American Board of Education. In the 1940s, this organization sponsored 150 college students from Panama and changed its name to the Iowa Children's Institute of Language and Culture. Elinor Robson was hired as director.
In the 1950s, the leaders of the Children's Institute decided that building a cultural and international awareness was a task that needed a broader objective, and again, they changed the name of the organization to the Boards of International Education (BIE). Throughout the 1960s the name changed to the Des Moines Area Council for International Understanding. The council's translation service became actively engaged in both emergencies and business work. In 1976, the Council joined the National Council for International visitors (now called Global Ties), placing it, for the first time, in a national network of agencies to receive and schedule international visitors from the United States information agency. Over thousands of emerging international leaders and industry professionals have visited Iowa through this program.
The organization joined the National Council for International Visitors in the 1970s, placing it for the first time in a national network of agencies to receive and schedule international visitors from the United States Information Agency. Over 4,000 international guests have visited Iowa through this program.
In 1978, Thomas Grouling was hired as executive director and served the council until June 1992. The name Iowa Council for International Understanding was adopted by the board in December, 1992. Dr. Judy Conlin served as executive director of the Iowa International Center from 2008 until January 2017. Patricia Grote is the current executive director.
In August 2011, the Iowa Council for International Understanding changed its name to the Iowa International Center to better capture and describe the scope of its services and programs. The organization has resided in several locations around Des Moines, and is currently in the Merle Hay Mart.
Current operations
Education
Meredith- Iowa International Center International Dialogue Series
The Iowa International Center, in conjunction with Meredith Corporation, facilitates a monthly conversation on international issues with experts in various fields, which are designed to explore the interdependent relationship between global events and local actions. This series of lunchtime presentations focuses on a wide variety of international and cultural issues ranging from world hunger and human rights to world peace and cultural diversity.
Passport to Prosperity: A Celebration of Iowa's Immigrants and Refugees
Each September since 2001, Iowa International Center has hosted this event to honor people who were born outside of the United States and made outstanding contributions to the community after settling in Iowa. The food and entertainment provided at the dinner and awards ceremony reflect the countries of origin of the honorees.
Interpretation and translation services
The Iowa International Center has been providing interpretation and translation services in the state of Iowa for over thirty years. It has over 100 interpreters and translators in more than 55 languages and dialect. The center works with companies, government agencies, non-profit organizations, and individuals.
Housing Interpretation Hotline
This 24/7 hotline provides a way for landlords and tenants to communicate with each other, even if there is a language barrier. In order to use this resource, the tenant and landlord must both be present, and must follow these steps:
Dial (515)-282-8269 ext. 5
Tenant must say his or her language
Say the company code: 7092
English Language Learning (ELL) Classes
English Language Learning (ELL) classes are provided to help those whose native language is not English.
The Iowa International Center offers ELL classes in five locations in the Des Moines area. These locations include: Deer Ridge Apartments, Windfield West Apartments, Zion Lutheran Church, The Waukee Public Library, and Oakview Terrace Apartments.
Conversation Circles
The Waukee Public Library is the location of Iowa International Center's conversation circles. The goal of these conversation circles is to provide a more laid back environment for both native and non-native English speakers to brush up on their skills or to help others learn English.
International visitors
Community Connections
The Community Connections Program, managed by the Bureau for Europe and Eurasia at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and administered by World Learning, is designed to promote public diplomacy through the exchange of cultural ideas and values among participants, U.S. families and local community host organizations. It seeks to establish and strengthen links between U.S. communities and communities in Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyz Republic, Moldova, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan.
For the first Community Connections Program of FY 2006–2007, ICIU was chosen to host 11 citizens from Azerbaijan to learn about American agriculture. Most recently, the Iowa International Center hosted nine agriculture professionals from Turkmenistan to learn about livestock technology.
International Visitor Leadership Program
The International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) is an international exchange program that seeks to promote public diplomacy through programs that reflect visitors' professional interests. IVLP is sponsored by the US Department of State, Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs.
The Iowa International Center is one of approximately 95 Councils for International Visitors (CIV) in the U.S. participating in the International Visitor Leadership Program. Iowa International Center's most popular visitor programs include agricultural-related issues, the media, judicial affairs and education.
References
External links
Official site
http://www.welcometoiowa.org/
Non-profit organizations based in Iowa
Organizations based in Des Moines, Iowa
Foreign relations of the United States
In the mythology of Fiji, Ratumaibulu is a god of great importance who presides over agriculture. In the month called Vula-i-Ratumaibulu, he comes from Bulu, the world of spirits, to make the breadfruit and other fruit trees blossom and yield fruit. He is said to be a snake god.
See also
Nabagatai
Notes
References
The Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada, 1907.
Freese, John, The Philosophy of the Immortality of the Soul and the Resurrection of the Human Body. Facsimile reprint of 1864 edition. Kessinger Publishing, 2005, .
T. Williams, J. Calvert, Fiji and the Fijians, Heylin, 1858.
Agricultural gods
Fertility gods
Fijian deities
Snake gods
Rubén Alejandro Botta Montero (born 31 January 1990) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Italian club Bari.
Career
Rubén Botta made his league debut for Tigre in a 0–0 draw with Boca Juniors on 23 March 2009, at the age of 19. He only played one further game in the 2009 Clausura before being loaned for half a season Latvian Higher League side FK Ventspils, where he did not play in any games. In 2010, he returned to Tigre and begun to make more regular appearances for the club. On 13 November, he came to widespread attention in a 2–1 win against league leaders Estudiantes de la Plata, in which he assisted for Tigre's second goal and nearly scored a third after a display of individual skill.
In April 2013, he signed for Serie A club Internazionale, despite he would join A.S. Livorno Calcio first. Botta failed to obtain Italian citizenship, thus Inter bought the non-EU registration quota from Livorno . In January 2014 Botta formally became a player of Inter. On 7 July 2015 Botta agreed to join Mexican side C.F. Pachuca.
Style of play
Botta primarily plays as an attacking midfielder. He is left-footed.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Pachuca
Liga MX: Clausura 2016
Bari
Serie C: 2021–22 (Group C)
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from San Juan, Argentina
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Boca Juniors footballers
Club Atlético Tigre footballers
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
Defensa y Justicia footballers
Serie A players
Serie C players
Inter Milan players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
A.S. Sambenedettese players
S.S.C. Bari players
Liga MX players
C.F. Pachuca players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Sportspeople from San Juan Province, Argentina
Bozminan (, also Romanized as Bozmīnān; also known as Bozmenān and Nīrmīnān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,012, in 253 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Susan V. Clayton Homes is a public housing unit in the Second Ward area of the East End district of Houston. Operated by the Houston Housing Authority (HHA), formerly the Housing Authority of the City of Houston (HACH), it is along Runnels Street, along the Buffalo Bayou and east of Downtown Houston. It is adjacent to railroad tracks and warehouses. It has 296 units.
History
Susan Vaughn Clayton donated property which houses Clayton Homes to the City of Houston, and it opened in 1952. Most of the new residents were Hispanic, had large families, and were of low income statuses. About 2,500 families of Mexican origin resided in Clayton Homes in the late 1950s. A Houston Chronicle article from the period stated that its location, away from major landmarks and with surrounding the bayou, railroad tracks, and warehouses inhibiting foot traffic, made some poor people reluctant to live there.
Neighborhood Centers Association of Houston and Harris County established the Clayton Homes Neighborhood Development Program in 1959 and began inquiring about getting grants for it in 1961.
It was renovated in 2007.
By 2010 Lola Santos-Cantu had organized a reunion for people who resided in Clayton Homes as children during the 1950s and 1960s.
Almost 40% of the units were flooded by Hurricane Harvey in 2017. Tenants reported that their landlord asked them for rent even though their rooms were flooded, but the HHA later refunded the rent. Of the HHA complexes affected by Harvey, Clayton received the most damage. The HHA deemed the flooded apartments, infested with mold and E. coli, a total loss and had them demolished; they will not be rebuilt as Interstate 45 will be expanded. As of July 2022, Clayton Homes has been permanently closed, with all residents being relocated to various locations within HHA, and demolition soon in preparation.
Education
Residents are within the Houston Independent School District (HISD). Zoned schools include: Blanche Kelso Bruce Elementary School in the Fifth Ward, Navarro Middle School (formerly Stonewall Jackson Middle School) in Eastwood, and Wheatley High School in the Fifth Ward.
It is also in proximity to Baylor College of Medicine Biotech Academy at Rusk (a middle school, formerly Rusk K-8 School and Rusk Elementary School), which is near Settegast Park, at Garrow and Paige Streets. Beginning in the 2016–2017 school year the elementary zoned grades at Rusk were phased out. PreKindergarten through grade 2 at Rusk will be phased out immediately, with 3-5 being phased out in the following five years; elementary grades for Rusk will be phased out by fall 2019.
Clayton was, upon its 1952 opening, initially assigned to Rusk Elementary School. It was rezoned to Anson Jones Elementary School after Rusk was demolished so U.S. Route 59 (Eastex Freeway) could be built. HISD perceived Anson Jones's proximity to US59 to be a hazard, and Clayton Homes residents had difficulties with their commute due to traffic issues. HISD built a new Rusk Elementary, opening in 1960, with Clayton Homes being rezoned to that school.
By the mid-2000s Jones Elementary was again Clayton Homes's zoned school. As of the 2005–2006 school year, Jones had experienced a severe population decline. Of its student body, a little over 200 students, about two-thirds lived in Clayton Homes. The school closed after the end of that year. The property was rezoned to Bruce Elementary.
Clayton Homes was also, at one time, assigned to E. O. Smith Educational Center for middle school.
Community
Our Lady of Guadalupe Catholic Church serves area residents.
References
Further reading
Tsanoff (Stephenson), Corinne. Neighborhood doorways: Neighborhood Centers Association of Houston and Harris County. Neighborhood Centers Association of Houston and Harris County, 1958. Discusses Clayton home circa pages 85 and 115–116. Partial preview at Google Books
"HHA Post-Harvey UPDATE: Forest Green Townhomes & Clayton Homes." Houston Housing Authority. October 11, 2017.
External links
Clayton Homes - Houston Housing Authority
Public housing in Houston
1952 establishments in Texas
East End, Houston
The space of flows is a high-level cultural abstraction of space and time, and their dynamic interactions with digital age society. The concept was created by the sociologist and cybernetic culture theoretician Manuel Castells to "reconceptualize new forms of spatial arrangements under the new technological paradigm"; a new type of space that allows distant synchronous, real-time interaction. The space of flows first was mentioned in The Informational City: Information Technology, Economic Restructuring, and the Urban Regional Process (1989).
Definitions
Castells defines the concepts as follows: "The material arrangements that allow for simultaneity of social practices without territorial contiguity. It is not purely electronic space...It is made up first of all of a technological infrastructure of information systems, telecommunications, and transportation lines".
Theoretic
Traditionally, the concept of space is considered a passive entity, while time is considered a separate and active entity. Space should not be disconnected from time, because space is a dynamic entity related to time. Castells rejected the contention that space will disappear upon the creation of the global city, because space is "the material support of time-sharing social practices". Thus, the space of flows is "the material organization of time-sharing social practices that work through flows".
In 2001, Castells wrote: "the space of flows ... links up distant locales around shared functions and meanings on the basis of electronic circuits and fast transportation corridors, while isolating and subduing the logic of experience embodied in the space of places".
Practical
Space is the physical support of the way people live in time. Real world time, the space-and-time to which people are accustomed, is the "space of places", which is unlike the "space of flows" because it lacks the three elements of (i) a proper flow medium, (ii) the proper items composing the flow traversing through it, and (iii) the organisational nodes through which these flows circulate. The space of flows concept comprehends human action and interaction occurring dynamically and at a distance—effected via telecommunications technology containing continuous flows of time-sensitive communications, and the nodes of global computer systems. These informational flows connect people to a continuous, real-time cybernetic community that differs from the global village because the groups' positions in time become more important than their places.
References
Social concepts
Information society
Kaalakaandi is a 2018 Indian black comedy film written and directed by Akshat Verma, starring Saif Ali Khan, Akshay Oberoi, Deepak Dobriyal, Isha Talwar and Sobhita Dhulipala. The film is produced by Rohit Khattar and Ashi Dua.
The film was released on 12 January 2018.
Plot
Rileen (Saif Ali Khan) receives news of his growing stomach cancer, which is at the last stage. He is left heartbroken, but remains quiet in front of everyone. He decides to live life to the fullest, by smoking and taking LSD from a friend, but yet remains unhappy.
His engaged brother Angad (Akshay Oberoi) is getting ready when he receives a call from his ex-girlfriend, Selina (Amanda Rosario) to a hotel. Angad sets out to meet her along with Rileen under the excuse of a haircut.
In the next story, we see Tara (Sobhita Dhulipala) packing her bags to pursue higher studies in the US, while her boyfriend Zubin (Kunaal Roy Kapur) is trying to convince her to change her plans. Hours before her flight, both of them attend a birthday party, but soon the police raid the place. Tara is nervous as her flight leaves in two hours, but she can't leave as the police have locked the place down. She manages to escape with her friends and Zubin in a car. In the car, Zubin and Tara have a heated argument over Tara kissing a guy, Tara loses control and hits a motorcycle killing two people. Tara feels guilty, but leaves when Zubin and her friends advise her not to go to the police.
Meanwhile, Rileen is hallucinating due to the LSD. He meets a transgender woman Sheila (Nary Singh), and coolly tells her that he wants to see her "Southern Hemisphere", with no touching or feeling, and succeeds in doing so. Rileen becomes happy and decides to fulfill other things on his bucket list.
The next story is of two goons who want to make it big, Mafia (Deepak Dobriyal) and Rahmat (Vijay Raaz). They hatch a plan to extract money from their own boss Raza (Asif Basra) and cook up a story. Meanwhile, during a party, Ustad (Neil Bhoopalam), who has helped Raza, is killed on the road by two motorcycle-borne assailants. Mafia and Rahmat witness the crime.
Angad learns that Selina is just using him and feels guilty about cheating on Neha (Amyra Dastur), his fiancée. Angad meets Neha and talks to her. Angad learns that Neha is a very nice girl he can get and both of them hug each other and get ready for marriage.
Mafia's greed pushes him to kill Rahmat and he takes the entire money. He then shoots himself in the abdomen and tells Raza that someone has robbed their money and killed Rahmat and in that fight Mafia too got injured. Raza doesn't believe Mafia and is on the verge of killing Mafia, but leaves him. Mafia walks onto the road.
Rileen meets the wedding photographer Rakhi (Isha Talwar) and tells his son too had a birthmark like her on his elbow. Rakhi asks him his name but he states that "People just meet, tell each other their names and then go away, which is of no use". He also tells her about his growing cancer. Rakhi comforts Rileen and they kiss each other. On being asked "What does he mean to her?", she replies "I don't know!" He happily laughs and tells her his name is Rileen.
Tara checks into the airport while Zubin asks her not to think of the horrific night. Tara feels very guilty and decides to approach the police and file an FIR, but the police dissuades her from doing so as the two guys who were killed in the accident were underworld assassins who killed Ustad. Tara meets up with Zubin, who had been waiting for her. Getting to know that he truly loves her, Tara proposes to Zubin and then kisses him.
Rileen marches into the marriage where everyone is dancing mindlessly along with Angad and Neha. Rileen dances along, takes out his gun and fires two shots in the air. One of the bullets strikes Mafia in the head, killing him, while the other hits Rileen's foot, prompting him to scream in pain.
Cast
Soundtrack
The music of Kaalakaandi is composed by Sameer Uddin and Shashwat Sachdev while lyrics have been penned by Anvita Dutt and Akshay Verma. The first track of the film titled as "Swagpur Ka Chaudhary" which is sung by Akshay Verma was released on 23 December 2017. The music album was released by Zee Music Company on 27 December 2017.
Critical reception
'Kaalakaandi' received mixed response from critics upon its theatrical release.
Saibal Chatterjee from NDTV gave the movie 3 out of 5 stars stating, "'Kaalakaandi' may not be for all palates, but the film has enough spice for those in the mood for an off-the-beaten-track Bollywood experience".
India TV gave the movie 3 out of 5 stars, stating that the word "Kaalakaandi" is Marathi slang for "when everything goes disastrously wrong" and described the lead character as "outrageously humorous yet utterly sensitive"."
Rediff.com gave the movie 3 out of 5 stars stating, "Saif is a hoot in Kaalakaandi".
Meena Iyer from Daily News and Analysis gave the movie 2.5 out of 5 stars stating, "Saif Ali Khan's 'Kaalakaandi' is worth a try, if you like your cinema experimental and edgy".
Renuka Vyavahare from The Times of India gave the movie 2.5 out of 5 stars stating, "What begins as a promising and edgy thriller soon runs out of gags, gas and gravitas".
Sweta Kaushal from Hindustan Times gave the movie 2 out of 5 stars, praising Saif Ali Khan for his performance, despite the script being half-baked.
According To Firstpost, Saif Ali Khan is funny as hell in 'Kaalakaandi' but the film lacks fizz.
References
External links
2018 films
Films set in Mumbai
Films scored by Shashwat Sachdev
2018 black comedy films
2010s Hindi-language films
Indian black comedy films
Indian films about cancer
Zhao Chang ( 10th century), courtesy name Changzhi, was a Chinese painter during the Song dynasty.
He was a disciple of flower-and-bird painter Teng Changyou (滕昌祐). He also used the methods of the Southern Tang painter Xu Chongsi.
References
People from Guanghan
Painters from Sichuan
10th-century Chinese painters
Song dynasty painters
Karaçal can refer to:
Karaçal, Alaca
Karaçal, Burdur
Karaçal Dam
The following is a list of the monastic houses in Oxfordshire, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Medieval sites in England
Oxfordshire
Lists of buildings and structures in Oxfordshire
Oxfordshire
Kastrup Glasværk was a Danish glasswork located in Copenhagen, Denmark. Kastrup Glasværk was also the parent company of Hellerup Glasværk, in Odense and Aarhus Glasværk in Aarhus.
History
Kastrup Glasværk was founded on 12 October 1847 by Christian Conrad Sophus Danneskiold-Samsøe. He has inherited Holmegård glassworks at Næstved from his mother in 1943. The company was converted into an aktieselskab in 1873. In 1881, the company acquired Tuborg Fabrikers Glasværk whouse name was subsequently changed to Hellerup Glasværk. In 1883, the company also took over Godthaab Glasværk in Helsingør. In 1907, Kastrup Glasværk acquired in Odense and Frederiksberg Glasværk. comprised Fyns Glasværk in Odense (founded on 11 June 1874) and Aarhus Glasværk in Aarhus (founded 1898). In 1918, Aalborg Glasværk in Aalborg (founded in 1853) was acquired.
In 1865, Kastrup Glasværk merged with Holmegaard under the name . The principal shareholders were Carlsberg Group, De forende Bryggerier and Elisabeth Lassen who had inherited Holmegaard from her father (count Aage Danneskiold-Samsøe) in 1945. The merged company had about 1,935 employees. The and a total production of about 102,000 tonnes. Production ceased in 1879.
Headquarters
Kastrup Glasværk was from 1892 headquartered at Nørre Voldgade 12 in central Copenhagen. The Historicist building was designed by the architect Philip Smidth. The company name is still seen on the facade. The building is now home to Teknisk Landsforbund.
Products
Kastrup Glasværk was initially a manufacturer of bottles. The production was automatized in 1912. The company later also began to manufacture other products such as drinking glass, tableware, flasks, bell jars and light fixtures.
References
Defunct glassmaking companies
Glassmaking companies of Denmark
Danish companies established in 1847
Stranded in Arcady is a 1917 American silent adventure film directed by Frank Hall Crane and starring Irene Castle, Elliott Dexter and George Majeroni. It is based on the novel Stranded in the Arcady by Francis Lynde.
Cast
Irene Castle as Lucy Millington
Elliott Dexter as Donald Prime
George Majeroni as Edward Blandish
Pell Trenton as Edward Girder
References
Bibliography
Robert B. Connelly. The Silents: Silent Feature Films, 1910-36, Volume 40, Issue 2. December Press, 1998.
External links
1917 films
1917 adventure films
American silent feature films
American adventure films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Frank Hall Crane
Pathé Exchange films
1910s English-language films
1910s American films
Silent adventure films
The 2013 Nagoya Grampus season was Nagoya Grampus' 21st season in the J. League Division 1 and 31st overall in the Japanese top flight. It was Dragan Stojković last season as manager, as he left at the end of the season, and they finsed 11th in the J League, reached the group stage of the J. League Cup and were knocked out of the Emperor's Cup at the second round stage by Nagano Parceiro.
Squad
As of January 26, 2013
Out on loan
Transfers
Winter
In:
Out:
Summer
In:
Out:
Competitions
Friendlies
J.League
Results summary
Results by round
Results
League table
J.League Cup
Emperor's Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Nagoya Grampus during the season:
Goal Scorers
Disciplinary record
References
2013 J.League Division 1 Fixture
Nagoya Grampus
Nagoya Grampus seasons
Dunrae Manufacturing Ltd v CL North & Co Ltd [[1988] 2 NZLR 602] is a prominent case regarding accord and satisfaction and its application in New Zealand.
Background
CL North did some electrical work for Dunrae Manufacturing. Unfortunately, for reasons not explained in the judgement, the final bill exceeded the original estimate for the work subsequently done, resulting in Dunrae receiving 4 invoices from CL North totalling $14,049.93.
Dunrae paid the first two invoices, and disputed the remaining balance.
A few months later, Dunrae mailed CL North a cheque for $6,158.98, with an attached (brief and unsigned) note stating “Enclosed cheque is tendered in full and final payment of our account with you, accordingly our account is now clear”, for which CL North later banked.
However, the Office Manager did not make any note of the attached letter, nor brought it to the attention of the management. The management stated in these proceedings that if this note had been brought to their attention, they would not have banked the cheque.
CL North then proceeded to continue invoicing Dunrae for the balance, for which they pleaded that there was no balance owing due to accord and satisfaction, a legal issue that the creditor could simply deny as they claimed that they had not even received the letter in the first place.
CL North then sued for the remaining balance of $2,591.45, and just before trial, the Office Manager then admitted they probably received the letter as claimed. Despite this setback, the creditor pursued its legal claim on the grounds that there was no legally binding agreement, and won judgement against the debtor in the District Court.
The debtor appealed.
Held
The judge overturned the District court's ruling, meaning the remaining balance was not legally owed any more. Smellie J stated:
However, the judgement did not cover what would have happened if the creditor here had banked the cheque and promptly informed the debtor that it was not accepted has full satisfaction, as per Haines House Haulage Co Ltd v Gamble, or if banked by mistake, that it had immediately notified the debtor that it had been banked by mistake, and not accepted it as full satisfaction, as per Magnum v Viko.
External links
Link to full text of Act
High Court of New Zealand cases
1988 in case law
1988 in New Zealand law
New Zealand contract case law
A consumer electronics store, in the United States and some other countries, is a physical store that sells consumer electronics. As technology has progressed, the United States has known variations such as phonograph dealers, radio stores, hi-fi stores, stereo stores, and audio video stores.
History
The origins of the consumer electronics store can be traced back to phonograph dealers in 1893, including specialized phonograph stores, as well as music stores which carried a wider array of music-related merchandise.
With the advent of radio, with radio receiving equipment being sold by specialist electric hardware shops, there was controversy as to whether radio equipment manufactures should sell wholesale to phonograph and music stores, and to department stores, but in 1923 Federal Telephone & Telegraph Co. started doing so and other manufacturers started suit. Wireless Age estimated that there were 15,000 phonograph dealers in the U.S. in that year.
In the mid-1950s, hi-fi stereo equipment hit the mainstream market and references began to "hi-fi stores". As demand grew for sets of audio components such as tuners, phonographs, receivers and speakers, many regional specialty audio/video chains were established and grew through the 1980s. Boston's Tweeter grew and eventually purchased chains in other regions, such as Bryn Mawr Stereo (Philadelphia), Hi-Fi Buys (Atlanta) Showcase Home Entertainment and Dow (San Diego). These chains added value versus other retailers of audio video equipment such as department stores, discount stores and appliance stores, by providing highly trained salespeople, a wide, often high-end selection of merchandise, and facilities where customers could experience the sound and video of the components
By the 1980s and 1990s, the U.S. was covered by pan-regional and national chains of big box retailers, such as the defunct Circuit City and The Good Guys and the extant Best Buy, where audio and video was a major line of merchandise, next to home appliances, cellphones and computers, putting pressure on independent dealers.
As by the 2010s, technology provided the vast majority of consumers with a high quality audio and video experience via their smartphone and cheap flatscreen televisions, a mass consumer market in the U.S. for larger audio and video components — other than televisions and smaller items — has vanished. Best Buy and a few regional chains remain in business. The independent dealers that remain cater to an ever more sophisticated niche of those looking for the highest quality audio and video reproduction.
Gallery
References
Retailers by type of merchandise sold
Consumer electronics
The Edeleanu process is a type of extraction process in the petroleum refining industry, whereby liquid sulfur dioxide is used to extract aromatics from kerosene pool, liquid SO2 selectively dissolves the aromatics leaving behind the low aromatic content kerosene as the finished product. It is named after the Romanian chemist Lazăr Edeleanu. The aromatic extract is then separated from SO2 through rectification and SO2 recirculation. Temperature is maintained at -20°C.
By using a blend of sulfur dioxide and benzene, some improvement can be effected, more suitable solvents such as furfural, phenol and N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone are used.
References
Oil refining
René Gottwald (born 30 January 1973) is a retired German football striker.
References
1973 births
Living people
German footballers
FC Hansa Rostock players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
FC Wegberg-Beeck players
SV 19 Straelen players
TuRU Düsseldorf players
VfB Speldorf players
2. Bundesliga players
Association football forwards
People from Greifswald
Footballers from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Brahimi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Abdelhamid Brahimi (1936-2021), Algerian politician and Prime Minister
Farès Brahimi, Algerian football (soccer) player
Guillaume Brahimi, French-born chef based in Sydney, Australia
Lakhdar Brahimi, chairman of a United Nations panel
Report of the Panel on United Nations Peacekeeping, more commonly referred to as the Brahimi Report, after the above chairman
Said Brahimi (1931-1997), Algerian-born French international football (soccer) player
Yacine Brahimi (born 1990), French-Algerian football player
Freeman (rapper), real name Malek Brahimi, French rapper
Princess Rym, real name Rym Brahimi, daughter of Lakhdar Brahimi, wife of Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan
Mylly (lit. mill) is a shopping centre in Raisio, Finland. The shopping centre has a bit over a hundred shops, banks, and other services on an area of around , and is as such the largest shopping centre in the Turku region and fourth largest in Finland outside the Helsinki region. Mylly was opened in October 2001 and in 2008 the annual sales was 167 million euros. The shopping centre was expanded in 2016, adding an additional section containing a number of businesses.
External links
Shopping centres in Raisio
Shopping malls established in 2001
Tourist attractions in Southwest Finland
The 1998 United States Senate election in Arizona was held November 3. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator John McCain won re-election to a third term.
General election
Candidates
John McCain, incumbent U.S. Senator (Republican)
Bob Park (Reform)
Ed Ranger, attorney (Democratic)
John C. Zajac (Libertarian)
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Arizona
1998
John McCain
The Shambles is an American power pop and rock group from San Diego, California.
Formed in 1990 from members of other regional bands, The Shambles have released numerous CDs, LPs and 7-inch singles, have toured extensively in the United States, and performed in the UK (including an appearance at the Marquee Club in London), Mexico, and Spain.
Members
The founding members of The Shambles were guitarist Kevin Donaker-Ring (formerly of Manual Scan), Brad Wilkins formerly of Manual Scan (who came up with the name of the band), Ray Brandes and David Klowden (both formerly of The Tell-Tale Hearts), and bassist Mark Zadarnowski (formerly of The Crawdaddys). Guitarist/singer Bart Mendoza (also from Manual Scan) joined the group a few months later, and when Brandes departed soon after their 1991 U.K. tour, another former Tell Tale Heart, keyboardist Bill Calhoun also joined the group. Klowden departed shortly thereafter followed a year later by Calhoun. Zadarnowski parted ways with the band in 2005, leaving the core of Donaker-Ring and Mendoza.
Following a brief stint from bassist David Lizerbram (formerly of Kite Flying Society), Florida native Kenny Howes (who has performed with Pat DiNizio and is fill in bassist with The Smithereens) joined the group in 2005, alternating between bass guitar and 12-string Rickenbacker, playing his last show with the band on May 1, 2010, before relocating to Dallas, Texas. Since Klowden's departure the groups drum duties have been filled by numerous drummers, including Mike Kamoo (The Stereotypes), Victor Penalosa (The Flamin' Groovies), Joel Valder (Sparkle*Jets U.K.), Todd Woolsey (Static Halo), John Chilson (The Loons) and Ron Silva (The Crawdaddys). The changeover in drummers is something of a running joke amongst the band, who issue an "I Was a Shambles drummer" pin to players.
Current activities
In 2015, the band released a 7-inch 4-track vinyl EP, Radio Daze, on Bickerton Records in Spain, composed of live radio sessions recorded for DJ Tim Pyles and the 91X program, Loudspeaker. In 2016, Spanish television network RTVE included footage of the Shambles in a music documentary series, Cachitos de Hierro y Cromo – in an episode called, YEAH, YEAH!
Partial discography
Albums
Clouds All Day (U.S./Blindspot 10, 1996) also issued by: Spain / Snap Records
Reviving Spark (Japan/1+2 087, 1996)
What You're Missing (Spain/Snap, 2000) two pressings with different booklets, blue or brown
Chelsea Smiles and More (Spain/Snap, 2001)
20 Explosive Hits (U.S./Black Cherry Music Group, 2008)
Desde Ayer (U.S./JAM-Blindspot, 2008)
Live at the Casbah (U.S./Archive Records, 2013)
EPs
Original Tangent (US/Gouramie 105,1995) PS EP Blue Vinyl
(We've Got A) Groovy Thing (UK/Detour 031,1995) PS 7 EP on Black or Yellow Vinyl
Chelsea Smiles (US/Genuine Article GA-1,1998) 10" EP Blue Vinyl
It Might Rain Tonight (Spain/Snap, 2003)PS 7" EP
Radio Daze – The Pyles Sessions (Spain/Bickerton, 2015)PS 7" EP
Singles
She's Used To Playing With) Fire / Louise (Susstones 537/PS 45, 1993) also released in the U.S. by Prospective Records
Nadie Te Quiere Ya (US/Get Hip 195/PS 45, 1997)
Soundtracks
OST: A Box Full of Rocks – The El Cajon Years of Lester Bangs (U.S. / Road Ahead, 2014) – It Is and It Isn't (as Jon Kanis & The Shambles)
Covers
Forty One Sixty: The Songs of the Shambles (US / JAM-Blindspot 109, 2009) – collects covers of the band's songs including The Lola's, Herb Eimerman, The Happy Losers and Cockeyed Ghost.
Compilation appearances
Staring At The Sun Volume 1 (US / Blindspot 001, 1992) - Medley: Of Heart & Soul/For Jamie, Original Tangent, Stuck On The Inside
Staring at the Sun Volume 2 (U.S. / Blindspot, 1993) Thin Lines, It Is and It Isn't (as Jon Kanis and the Shambles)
Fish Sauce (U.S./ Gouramie, 1994) - Nothing Can Be Everything
Sympophony #1 (U.S. / Not Lame, 1995) - The Colour Swirl, I Believe, Medley: Of Heart & Soul / For Jamie, Original Tangent
Get Ready For The Brincosis: A Tribute to Los Brincos (Spain / Snap, 1996) - Nadie Te Quiere Ya
The 6th Annual San Diego Music Awards (U.S. / 1996) Rain
Here Comes The Summer: A Tribute to the Undertones (Spain / Munster, 1996) - It's Going to Happen (vinyl edition) also issued on CD in the U.S. by Square Target
Three Minute Revolution (U.S. / RPM, 1996) - Delve Into Everything
The Modern World: A Tribute to The Jam (Japan / Flavour, 1996) - But I'm Different Now (reissued by UK label Rhythm Vicar in 2000)
Quadrophenia 1996: A Tribute to The Who (Japan / Flavour, 1996) - Is It In My Head (reissued by UK label Rhythm Vicar in 2001)
Preserved: A Tribute to the Raspberries (U.S. / Ginger 631, 1996) - Might As Well
Closet Pop Folk (U.S. / Pop Psycle, 1997) - In Your Arms, Chelsea Smiles, Her Black Dress, I Believe, Clouds All Day (all acoustic versions)
Brinestorm (U.S. / Gouramie 1005, 1997) - Brilliant
Pop Under the Surface (Sweden / Yesterday Girl 001, 1997) - Child's Play
The Bam Balam Explosion Volume IV (Spain / Bam Balam 005, 1997) - Delve Into Everything
1+2 Sampler (Japan / 1+2, 1998) - I Can't Want To Faster
Beat Party (Japan / 1+2, 1999) - She's Got Everything
San Diego Music Awards 1999 (U.S./ 1999) - Change
Pop Greetings Volume 1: California (Sweden / Yesterday Girl, 2000) - Pretty Well Lit
Riot on the Rocks 6 (Spain / Safety Pin, 2002) - Leaving Here
13th Annual San Diego Music Awards (U.S./2003) Warm This Winter
Into the Jet Stream of Pop (Canada / Beautiful Music, 2004) - Blindspot
West of Eden (U.S. / Zip, 2005) - All Sorts
Dana & Carl presents: This Is Rock 'n' Roll Radio Volume 1 (U.S. / JAM, 2005) - Warm This Winter
91X Loudspeaker (U.S. / 91X, 2005) - Child's Play
Sonic Zirchonia: A Tribute to Neil Diamond (U.S. / Delirium, 2005) - Thank The Lord For The Nighttime
Shout (U.K. / 2005) I Can't Want To Faster
Jam On Jeremy: A Tribute to Jeremy (U.S. / JAM, 2005) - It's Getting Better
Any Time, Any Wave Volume 1 + 2 (Spain / Rock Indiana, 1999) - Does Stephanie Know?
Someone to Share My Life With: A Tribute to Television Personalities (Sweden / But Is It Art, 2006) - If I Could Write Poetry (vinyl only)
Five Way Street: A Tribute to Buffalo Springfield (U.S. / Not Lame, 2006) - Whatever Happened to Saturday Night
Sweet Relief (U.S. / JAM, 2007) - Wendy Never
The Young Idea: A Tribute to Squire (U.K. / Twist, 2007) - It's A Mod Mod World, Does Stephanie Know
San Diego Soundscape (U.S. / Convis, 2007) - Change
Staring at the Sun Volume 5 (U.S. / Blindspot, 2007) - More Than This
17th Annual San Diego Music Awards" (U.S./ 2007) All Sorts
San Diego Indie Music Fest IV (U.S. / 2008) I Can't Want To Faster
Do You Want To Be In The Show: A Tribute To The Jetset (U.K. / Twist Records, 2009) - Hard To Say Goodbye
Hearts On Fire (U.S. / JAM, 2010) - Love Is All Around
Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow (U.S. / Blindspot, 2010)
Staring at the Sun Volume 8 (U.S. / Blindspot, 2010) - Clouds All Day (live on FM94.9)
Power Chords, Harmonies and Mistletoe (U.K. / Twist, 2011) - Warm This Winter (reissued in 2013 with updated cover)
Art Around Adams 2012 (U.S. / Blindspot, 2012) Bears Down The Hill, I Believe
Sweet Relief 3 (U.S. / JAM, 2013) - All Sorts (alternate version 3)
40 Years of Bear Family Records (Germany / Bear Family, 2015) - Wouldn't You Like To Be A Bear?
Sweet Relief 4 (U.S. / JAM, 2017) - It's Getting Better (remake) (as The Shambles and Jeremy Morris)
Magazine / book compilations
These are compilations which are only available as part of the featured book or magazine.
Sounds of Snap! (Spain / 1994) Original Tangent (7" Vinyl EP with Snap! Magazine) blue picture sleeve. repressing has a red cover.
That Sounds Like Fun Volume 1 (Spain / 1994) – Just A Matter of Time (live at the Marquee) (Cassette with Snap! Magazine)
That Sounds Like Fun Volume 2 – Rock and Roll House (Spain / 1995) – Psychotic Reaction (live) (Cassette with Snap! Magazine)
The Yellow Pills E.P (U.S. / 1995) – Child's Play (7" Vinyl EP with Yellow Pills Fanzine #7)
That Sounds Like Fun Vol. 3 (Spain / 1996) Harmony (Cassette with Snap! Magazine)
Blow Up (Spain / 1997) Leaving Here (7" Vinyl EP with Blow Up Magazine)
Uncool Beans (U.S. / 1998) – Blurs Somewhere (CD with Uncool Beans Magazine #9)
Ansia De Color (Spain / Ansia de Color, 2007) – Fixing A Hole (CD with Ansia de Color 20th Anniversary Issue)
Heavy Soul (U.K. / Rowed Out, 2011) – Mod Radio UK (CD with Heavy Soul Magazine #9)
Power Pop Prime Volume 1 (U.S. / PGH, 2012) – Days and Maybes (CD with accompanying book)
Power Pop Prime Volume 2 (U.S. / PGH, 2013) – Nothing Can be Everything (CD with accompanying book)
Other appearances
Ray Brandes – Continental Drifter (Spain / SNAP, 1998) – Louise, What Went Wrong (Recordings by the Shambles on a Ray Brandes solo album)
Ray Brandes – A Matter of Time: The Best of Ray Brandes (Spain / Party Line, 2007) – Louise, What Went Wrong (Recordings by the Shambles on an anthology of Ray Brandes music)
Jon Kanis – All American Mongrel Boy (U.S. / Road Ahead, 2014) – It Is and It Isn't (as Jon Kanis with the Shambles)
References
External links
The Shambles official website
Shambles' MySpace page
[ Shambles' All Music Guide listing]
The Shambles in The San Diego Troubadour Magazine
The Shambles List of Worldwide Fanzine Appearances
The Shambles fan page on Blogspot
1990 establishments in California
Musical groups established in 1990
American power pop groups
Musical groups from San Diego
"Let Love Come Between Us" is a song written by Joe Sobotka and Johnny Wyker and performed by James & Bobby Purify. The song was featured on their 1968 album, The Pure Sound of The Purifys - James & Bobby. The song was produced by Papa Don Enterprises.
Chart performance
"Let Love Come Between Us" reached #18 on the US R&B chart, #23 on the Billboard Hot 100, and #51 on the UK Singles Chart in 1967.
Other versions
The Rubber Band, featuring the one of the song's writers, Wyker, released the original version of the song as a single in 1966.
Mark Williams covered the song on his 1975 album, Mark Williams.
Peters and Lee released a version of the song as a single in 1977.
Mavis Staples released a version of the song on her 1979 album, Oh What A Feeling.
Delbert McClinton released a version of the song as a single in 1981.
References
1966 songs
1966 singles
1967 singles
1977 singles
1981 singles
James & Bobby Purify songs
Delbert McClinton songs
Bell Records singles
Philips Records singles
MCA Records singles
Goßdorf-Kohlmühle () (known as Kohlmühle until 14 May 1936) is a railway station serving the villages of Goßdorf and Kohlmühle, Saxony, Germany. The station is served by one train service, operated by DB Regio in cooperation with České dráhy: the National Park Railway. This service connects Děčín and Rumburk via Bad Schandau and Sebnitz.
References
Deutsche Bahn website
Städtebahn Sachsen website
External links
Network map
Railway stations in Saxony
Hohnstein
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1877
Osterley & Spring Grove (also sometimes Osterley Park & Spring Grove) was a London Underground station in Osterley in west London. The station was served by the District and Piccadilly and was closed in 1934 when a new station, Osterley, was opened to the west.
History
The station was opened by the District line's predecessor, the District Railway (DR), on 1 May 1883 on its line to Hounslow Town (located on Hounslow High Street, but now closed). The station was on Thornbury Road east of the current Osterley station and served Osterley Park and a residential estate to the south named "Spring Grove".
On 21 July 1884 a branch was constructed from shortly north of Hounslow Town to Hounslow Barracks (now Hounslow West). The branch line was constructed as single track and initially had no intermediate stations between the terminus and Osterley & Spring Grove. Until 31 March 1886 passengers travelling west from Osterley & Spring Grove could go to either Hounslow Barracks or Hounslow Town. On that date Hounslow Town station closed and a new station, Heston & Hounslow (now Hounslow Central), opened to the west.
Electrification of the DR's tracks took place between 1903 and 1905 with electric trains replacing steam trains on the Hounslow branch from 13 June 1905. When the branch was electrified, the track between Osterley & Spring Grove and Heston & Hounslow was closed and a new loop was opened from Hounslow Town back to Heston & Hounslow. Trains would run from Osterley & Spring Grove to Hounslow Town then reverse and run to Hounslow Barracks.
This method of operation was unsuccessful and short-lived. On 2 May 1909 the track between Heston & Hounslow and Osterley & Spring Grove was reopened with a new Hounslow Town station (now Hounslow East) located about west of the loop to the old station. The old Hounslow Town station and its two loop tracks were closed for good.
Piccadilly line services, which had been running as far as Northfields since January 1933, were extended to run to Hounslow West on 13 March 1933. The station was closed on 24 March 1934, to be replaced the following day by a new Osterley station at a location to the west on Great West Road. The stairways and platform awnings were removed in 1957, but the platforms and station buildings remain. Since 1967 the latter has been used as a bookshop.
References
Bibliography
External links
Former Metropolitan District Railway stations
Railway stations opened in 1883
Railway stations closed in 1934
Disused London Underground stations
Tuber foetidum is a species of truffle in the genus Tuber. It was first described scientifically in 1831 by the Italian doctor and mycologist Carlo Vittadini. It is characterized by its foetid odour, and minute brownish bumps on the surface of the fruitbody. A rare species, it is found in Europe. It associates with oak and beech in southern Europe, and with larch in the United Kingdom. Molecular analysis indicates that T. foetidum is closely related to T. maculatum.
References
External links
Fungi described in 1831
Fungi of Europe
foetidum
NGC 3191 (also known as NGC 3192) is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It is located at a distance of circa 400 million light years from Earth, which, given its apparent dimensions, means that NGC 3191 is about 115,000 light years across. The galaxy has been distorted and interacts with a companion 1.3 armin to the west. An extremely blue tidal bridge lies between them.
Two supernovae have been observed in NGC 3191, SN 1988B and SN 2017egm. SN 1988B was discovered by P. Wild 10" north of the galaxy's center. On Jan. 18.94 and 21.85 UT, it was at mag about 15.5. It was a type Ia supernova. SN 2017egm is identified as a Type I superluminous supernova. It is the closest supernova of this type observed and also the first to be found in a massive spiral galaxy. It was discovered by Gaia on 23 May 2017.
References
External links
Barred spiral galaxies
Ursa Major (constellation)
3191
05565
30136
The 2012–13 Belenenses season was the club's 95th competitive season, 5th in the Segunda Liga, and 95th year in existence as a football club.
Along with the club's participation in the Segunda Liga, the club also competed in the Taça de Portugal and Taça da Liga. On 30 March 2013, Belenenses won promotion back to the Primeira Liga, following a defeat over Penafiel. Belenenses' campaign was also most notable for several records, namely, most points accumulated during a single season (94).
Club
Coaching staff
{|class="wikitable"
|-
!Position
!Staff
|-
|Manager|| Mitchell van der Gaag
|-
|Assistant Manager|| Jorge Simão
|-
|Technical Director|| Rui Gregório
|-
|Goalkeeper Coach|| Luís Ferreira
|-
|Fitness Coach|| José Manuel Almeida
|-
|rowspan="2"|Scout|| João Janeiro
|-
| Rui Correia
|-
|Director of Scouting|| Gonçalo Monteiro
|-Other information
First-team squad
Stats as of the end of the 2012–13 season. Games played and goals scored only refers to appearances and goals in domestic league campaigns.
Awards
Competitions
Legend
Overall
Competition record
Taça de Portugal
Matches
Statistics
Appearances
References
C.F. Os Belenenses seasons
Belenenses
Tomoyasu (written: 智保, 智安, 智靖, 朝泰, 寅泰 or 知安) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(born 1974), Japanese footballer
(born 1962), Japanese footballer
)(born 1989), Japanese footballer
(born 1962), Japanese musician
(born 1969), Japanese Go player
(1836–1906), Japanese physician
Japanese masculine given names
The Society for Constitutional Information was a British activist group founded in 1780 by Major John Cartwright, to promote parliamentary reform.
It was an organisation of social reformers, many of whom were drawn from the rational dissenting community, dedicated to publishing political tracts aimed at educating fellow citizens on their lost ancient liberties. It promoted the work of Tom Paine and other campaigners for parliamentary reform. Most members of the Society for Constitutional Information were also opposed to the slave trade. It was particularly strong in Sheffield.
The Society flourished until 1783, but thereafter made little headway. The organization actively promoted Thomas Paine's Rights of Man and other radical publications, and under the leadership of John Horne Tooke collaborated with other reform societies, metropolitan and provincial, such as the London Corresponding Society, with which it met in 1794 to discuss a further national convention as well as producing many pamphlets and periodicals. After the government repression and 1794 Treason Trials in October, in which the leaders were acquitted, the society ceased to meet.
See also
London Corresponding Society
Radicalism (historical)
Notes
External links
Introduction | British history online
1780 establishments in Great Britain
Politics of the Kingdom of Great Britain
1794 disestablishments in Great Britain
Organizations established in 1780
Organizations disestablished in 1794
Political organisations based in the United Kingdom
Radicals (UK)
Milton Schlesinger (born 1927, d. October 27, 2017) was a professor (later emeritus) of molecular microbiology at the Washington University School of Medicine, known for his role in the study of heat shock proteins.
Academic career
Schlesinger attended Yale University as an undergraduate and received his bachelor's degree in physics in 1951. He then earned his master's degree in biophysics in 1953 from the University of Rochester and his Ph.D. in biochemistry in 1959 from the University of Michigan. He spent two years as a postdoctoral fellow at the Istituto Superiore di Sanità in Rome, Italy, and three years as a research associate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology before joining the faculty at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, Missouri in 1967. He would remain there for the rest of his scientific career, reaching the rank of full professor in 1972 and serving two stints as the acting chair of the microbiology department. He took visiting positions and sabbaticals at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund Laboratories and at Harvard University. Schlesinger retired and assumed professor emeritus status in 1999.
Schlesinger's virology research focused on viral replication and assembly. Among his best-known work is his study of heat shock proteins, which he was the first to identify in vertebrate cells and on which he co-edited a book, Stress Proteins, in 1990. Along with Sondra Schlesinger, he co-edited a major reference work on togaviruses and flaviviruses.
Schlesinger became a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1999.
Personal life
Schlesinger was married to fellow WUSTL professor and virology researcher Sondra Schlesinger for 62 years. He died on October 27, 2017.
References
American virologists
Washington University School of Medicine faculty
University of Michigan alumni
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
2017 deaths
1927 births
Czułczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
"Big Spender" is a song written by Cy Coleman and Dorothy Fields for the musical Sweet Charity, first performed in 1966. Peggy Lee was the first artist to record the song for her album of the same name also that year. It is sung, in the musical, by the dance hostess girls; it was choreographed by Bob Fosse for the Broadway musical and the 1969 film. It is set to the beat of a striptease as the girls taunt the customers.
Shirley Bassey version
A hit version of the song by Shirley Bassey reached No. 21 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1967. This version is featured in the 2004 film The Life and Death of Peter Sellers, and in the 2005 film Nynne. The song has become one of Bassey's signature songs. She has performed the song numerous times, most notably for the 80th birthday of Prince Philip. She also sang it at the 2007 Glastonbury Festival.
In December 2007, it was re-released in a new remixed version as a digital download. This was the third and final single released from the album Get the Party Started. The single features a remix from Pink Pound and two instrumental remixes that were not included on the album release. Unlike the previous two singles this track featured a remix of a previous released recording, the vocal track was taken from a session recorded in 1984 for the album I Am What I Am. There was no promotion undertaken for the single and no video was made to support the release.
Track listing
Big Spender
Dangerous Game
Other versions
Recorded versions
Peggy Lee recorded the song in 1966. Her rendition became a hit on the US Easy Listening chart in that year.
The Ritchie Family recorded a disco version on their 1978 album American Generation.
Chaka Khan included a version on her album ClassiKhan (2004).
Bette Midler covered the song for her Peggy Lee tribute album Bette Midler Sings the Peggy Lee Songbook, which was released in 2005.
Jennifer Love Hewitt recorded a version of the song for a promo for her TV series The Client List.
Lana Del Rey sings a variation of the song's chorus throughout English rapper Smiler's song "Spender" for his 2012 mixtape All I Know.
Theophilus London did a version on his 2012 mixtape Rose Island Vol. 1, rapping over a DJ Carnage remix featuring ASAP Rocky.
Skepta raps over a grime remix of Theophilus London's version.
Dee Snider performed the song with Cyndi Lauper on the 2012 album Dee Does Broadway.
Live performances
In the late 1970s Tom Waits often performed "Big Spender" as a medley with his song "Small Change".
Boney M. performed this song during live concerts. A video recording of this number was made by TV Ireland in 1978 and published on the Boneу M. DIAMONDS video collection in 2015.
Queen performed it Live at Wembley Stadium on July 12, 1986, and also performed it live in period between 1973 and 1977; it is included on the concert recordings A Night at the Odeon (Hammersmith, 1975) and Live at the Rainbow '74 (Rainbow, November 1974).
Dionne Warwick and Debby Boone performed the song on Boone's show One Step Closer in 1982.
The Pussycat Dolls performed the song live at the 2004 MTV Asia Awards, with Melody Thornton on lead vocals.
The Pussycat Dolls Doll Domination Tour that started in 2009, featured Ashley Roberts, Jessica Sutta, and Kimberly Wyatt dancing "Big Spender", followed by a performance by Melody Thornton.
Seal performed it in his Leopard disguise on the second season of The Masked Singer.
Gloria Hunniford performed it in her Snow Leopard disguise on the third series of The Masked Singer UK.
Parodies and alternate lyrics
A well known take-off of the song was shown on The Morecambe and Wise Christmas Show 1975, sung by Brenda Arnau, and featuring Pan's People as guest dancers.
The song appeared in Muriel Cigar commercials in the 1970s, sung by Edie Adams. A modified version of the tune entreated the viewer to "...spend a little dime with me", referring to the price of a Muriel Cigar.
In an episode of British Asian sketch comedy show Goodness Gracious Me, the cast perform a parody of the song called "Big Spinster".
In the "Two Bad Neighbors" episode of The Simpsons, Homer Simpson performed the song at a yard sale with new lyrics to reflect the merchandise he is promoting.
In the Discworld Noir computer game the 'Troll Saphire' performed a parody of "Big Spender", with the opening lyrics as "The minute you walked through the wall, I could tell that you were a troll of destruction"
In the "Viva Mars Vegas" episode of Futurama, a parody version is played of "Big Spender", with the lyrics as "Hey Rich Lobster", when Dr. Zoidberg shows up at a casino on Mars with millions of dollars to spend and lose.
A controversial video with flight attendants entreating an elite frequent flier made news in February 2019, generating protest from the flight attendants' union.
A parody appeared on a musical segment of SNL on Halloween of 2020 called "Big Spreader", referring to COVID-19.
Samples
The 2007 single "Roc-A-Fella Billionaires" by Freeway featuring Jay-Z samples Helen Gallagher's version of the song.
The 2012 single "Big Spender" by Theophilus London and ASAP Rocky samples Peggy Lee's rendition of "Big Spender".
Television and film appearances
In the 1970s the song was used in a commercial for a New Zealand bank.
During the animated opening credits of The Pink Panther Strikes Again (1976), animator Richard Williams has a lineup of Pink Panthers in a parody of the hostess girls' staging; Henry Mancini quotes "Big Spender," seguing seamlessly into the "Pink Panther Theme."
In Hou Hsiao-hsien's 1987 film Daughter of the Nile, the song plays twice from Lin Hsiao-fang's restaurant.
In National Lampoon's European Vacation, Ellen Griswold performs "Big Spender" with exotic dancing while Clark (her husband) videotapes it.
In 1998, the song was sung by Vanessa Marcil, Vanita Harbour, Lynn Herring, and Jennifer Hammon on the soap opera General Hospital during the hospital's annual Nurses Ball.
In "Dream On", a season 1 episode of Glee, a woman auditioning for Les Misérables sings this song. The song was performed again on the season 3 premiere "The Purple Piano Project" by Sugar (Vanessa Lengies), a student who can't sing.
The song was sung by Ellis on the first episode of The Glee Project.
In the Grounded for Life episode "Mrs. Finnerty, You've Got a Lovely Daughter", Sean gets the song approved for his daughter Lily to perform at her Catholic school talent show.
In the promo for The Client List, Jennifer Love Hewitt performs this song.
The song appears in the trailer for Johnny Depp's Mortdecai.
The first episode of Fosse/Verdon opens with the number.
The song appears in the trailer for the Netflix television series Ratched.
References
External links
Lyrics of Shirley Bassey's version of Big Spender
Shirley Bassey sings Big Spender BBC archive footage
1967 singles
Songs from musicals
Songs with music by Cy Coleman
Songs with lyrics by Dorothy Fields
The Muppets songs
Shirley Bassey songs
Peggy Lee songs
1966 songs
United Artists Records singles
Margaret O. Shonekan (born 28 October 1941) is a Nigerian civil servant, she spent much of her career with the West African Examinations Council (WAEC). She was appointed a Federal Civil Service Commissioner from 1 October 1986 until 31 March 1994. She also briefly served as the First Lady of Nigeria from 26 August 1993 until 17 November 1993, during the transitional presidency of her husband, Ernest Shonekan.
Biography
Margaret Shonekan was born on 28 October 1941 in Gusau, British Nigeria, in present-day Zamfara State. Her parents had moved to Gusau during the late 1930s, where her father worked as a teacher for the Church Mission Society. She attended elementary school at Christ Church Anglican Primary School in Gusau and Peter's Primary School in Minna. She then attended Anglican Girls' School in Orita-Mefa, Ibadan, for one year before enrolling at Anglican Girls' Secondary School in Ilesa (now called St. Margaret's School) from 1954 until 1958. Sheonekan attended Ibadan Grammar School from January 1959 until December 1960.
Shonekan enrolled at University College Ibadan (now called the University of Ibadan) from 1961 until June 1965, when she graduated with Bachelor's of Arts honors degree in history. She later obtained a post-graduate diploma in administration and management from St. Godric's College in London in 1968.
Margaret Shonekan was hired as a Trainee Assistant Registrar by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) on 1 October 1965. She worked for the WAEC for the majority of her professional career. Shonekan was later appointed deputy registrar of the WAEC from 1 April 1982 until 30 September 1986.
In 1986, Margaret Shonekan left the WAEC upon her appointment to the Federal Civil Service Commission, which oversees the civil service, by the Federal Government of Nigeria. She served as a Federal Civil Service Commissioner from 1 October 1986 until 31 March 1994.
In 1993, Shonekan's husband, Ernest Shonekan, became interim, transitional President of Nigeria. Margaret Shonekan served as First Lady of Nigeria for just 82 days from 26 August 1993 until 17 November 1993. The Shonekan's presidency was cut short when General Sani Abacha staged a coup and overthrew Shonekan on 17 November 1993.
Shonekan rejoined the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) on 1 April 1994 as its senior deputy. She was then hired as the WAEC's Head of National Office on 30 October 1995, defeating five male colleagues who also sought the position. Shonekan served as the Head of National Office at WAEC from 30 October 1995 until her retirement on 30 September 2000. She described her time as Head of National Office as her most difficult years with the WAEC, due to the examination board's lack of adequate funding and its empty treasury at the time. She retired from the WAEC in 2000.
References
Living people
1941 births
Members of the Nigerian Civil Service
First Ladies of Nigeria
Nigerian civil servants
University of Ibadan alumni
People from Lagos
People from Zamfara State
Ibadan Grammar School alumni
20th-century Nigerian women
Charmaine Gale-Weavers (born 27 February 1964) is a South African retired athlete who specialised in the high jump. She represented her country at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1993 World Championships. In addition, she finished second at the 1994 Commonwealth Games and 1994 World Cup. Because of the boycott of the apartheid era South Africa she was only allowed to compete internationally in 1992.
Her personal best in the event is 2.00 metres set in Pretoria in 1985.
Competition record
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
People from Inkosi Langalibalele Local Municipality
South African female high jumpers
Olympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for South Africa
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for South Africa
Alkwertatherium is an extinct genus of marsupial of the family Diprotodontidae. Only one species has been described, Alkwertatherium webbi, from the Late Miocene of Northern Territory, Australia.
References
Heritage Advisory Council. Alcoota Fossil Beds. Heritage Notes 2002.
Alkwertatherium webbi
Prehistoric vombatiforms
Miocene mammals of Australia
Miocene marsupials
Prehistoric monotypic mammal genera
Prehistoric marsupial genera
Fossil taxa described in 1990
Stabilizing selection (not to be confused with negative or purifying selection) is a type of natural selection in which the population mean stabilizes on a particular non-extreme trait value. This is thought to be the most common mechanism of action for natural selection because most traits do not appear to change drastically over time. Stabilizing selection commonly uses negative selection (a.k.a. purifying selection) to select against extreme values of the character. Stabilizing selection is the opposite of disruptive selection. Instead of favoring individuals with extreme phenotypes, it favors the intermediate variants. Stabilizing selection tends to remove the more severe phenotypes, resulting in the reproductive success of the norm or average phenotypes. This means that most common phenotype in the population is selected for and continues to dominate in future generations.
History
The Ukrainian evolutionary biologist Ivan Schmalhausen founded the theory of stabilizing selection, publishing a paper in Russian titled "Stabilizing selection and its place among factors of evolution" in 1941 and a monograph "Factors of Evolution: The Theory of Stabilizing Selection" in 1945.
Influence on population structure
Stabilizing selection causes the narrowing of the phenotypes seen in a population. This is because the extreme phenotypes are selected against, causing reduced survival in organisms with those traits. This results in a population consisting of fewer phenotypes, with most traits representing the mean value of the population. This narrowing of phenotypes causes a reduction in genetic diversity in a population. Maintaining genetic variation is essential for the survival of a population because it is what allows them to evolve over time. In order for a population to adapt to changing environmental conditions they must have enough genetic diversity to select for new traits as they become favorable.
Analyzing stabilizing selection
There are four primary types of data used to quantify stabilizing selection in a population. The first type of data is an estimation of fitness of different phenotypes within a single generation. Quantifying fitness in a single generation creates predictions for the expected fate of selection. The second type of data is changes in allelic frequencies or phenotypes across different generations. This allows quantification of change in prevalence of a certain phenotype, indicating the type of selection. The third type of data is differences in allelic frequencies across space. This compares selection occurring in different populations and environmental conditions. The fourth type of data is DNA sequences from the genes contributing to observe phenotypic differences. The combination of these four types of data allow population studies that can identify the type of selection occurring and quantify the extent of selection.
However, a meta-analysis of studies that measured selection in the wild failed to find an overall trend for stabilizing selection. The reason can be that methods for detecting stabilizing selection are complex. They can involve studying the changes that causes natural selection in the mean and variance of the trait, or measuring fitness for a range of different phenotypes under natural conditions and examining the relationship between these fitness measurements and the trait value, but analysis and interpretation of the results is not straightforward.
Examples
The most common form of stabilizing selection is based on phenotypes of a population. In phenotype based stabilizing selection, the mean value of a phenotype is selected for, resulting a decrease in the phenotypic variation found in a population.
Humans
Stabilizing selection is the most common form of nonlinear selection (non-directional) in humans. There are few examples of genes with direct evidence of stabilizing selection in humans. However, most quantitative traits (height, birthweight, schizophrenia) are thought to be under stabilizing selection, due to their polygenicity and the distribution of the phenotypes throughout human populations.
Birth Weight − A classic example of this is human birth weight. Babies of low weight lose heat more quickly and get ill from infectious diseases more easily, whereas babies of large body weight are more difficult to deliver through the pelvis. Infants of a more medium weight survive much more often. For the larger or smaller babies, the baby mortality rate is much higher. The bell curve of the human population peaks at a birth weight that the newly born babies exhibit the minimum death rate.
Plants
Height − Another example of a trait, that might be acted on by stabilizing selection, is plant height. A plant that is too short may not be able to compete with other plants for sunlight. However, extremely tall plants may be more susceptible to wind damage. Combined, these two selection pressures select to maintain plants of medium height. The number of plants of medium height will increase while the numbers of short and tall plants will decrease.
Cacti Spine Number − Desert populations of spiny cacti experience predation by peccaries, which consume the fleshy part of the cactus. This can be prevented by increasing the number of spines on the cactus. However, there is also a selection pressure in the opposite direction because there is a parasitic insect that will lay its eggs in spines if they are densely populated. This means that in order to manage both of these selection pressures the cacti experiences stabilizing selection to balance the appropriate number of spines to survive these different threats.
Insects
Butterfly's Winged Eyespots − The African butterfly Bicyclus anynana exhibits stabilizing selection with its wing eyespots. It has been suggested that the circular eyespots positioned on the wings are favoured functionally compared to other shapes and sizes.
Gall Size − The Eurosta solidaginis fly lays its eggs on the tip of plants, which then encase the larvae in a protective gall. The size of this gall is under stabilizing selection, as determined by predation. These larvae are under threat from parasitic wasps, which lay a single egg in galls containing the flies. The single wasp offspring then consumes the fly larvae to survive. Therefore, a larger gall is favored to allow more places for larvae to hide from the wasp. However, larger galls attract a different type of predation from birds, as they can penetrate large galls with their beak. Therefore, the optimal gall is moderately sized in order to avoid predation from both birds and wasps.
Birds
Clutch Size − The number of eggs laid by a female bird (clutch size) is typically under stabilizing selection. This is because the female must lay as many eggs as possible to maximize the number of offspring. However, they can only lay as many eggs as they can support with their own resources. Laying too many eggs could expend all of the energy of the mother bird causing her to die and the death of the chicks. Additionally, once the eggs hatch the mother must be able to obtain enough resources to keep all of the chicks alive. Therefore, the mother typically lays a moderate amount of eggs in order to increase offspring survival and maximize the number of offspring.
Mammals
The Siberian husky experiences stabilizing selection in terms of their leg muscles. These dogs have to have enough muscle in order to pull sleds and move quickly. However, they also must be light enough to stay on top of the snow. This means that the leg muscles of the husky are most fit when they are moderately sized, to balance their strength and their weight.
See also
Ambidirectional dominance
Assortative mating
Balancing selection
Directional selection
Disruptive selection
Frequency-dependent foraging by pollinators
Fluctuating selection
Hypergamy
Koinophilia
References
Selection
Evolutionary biology
tr:Dengelenmiş seçilim
Cakung Station (CUK) is a class II railway station in Pulogebang, Cakung, East Jakarta. The station, which is located at an altitude of +18 m, is included in the Jakarta Operational Area I and only serves the KRL Commuterline route. The station has a total of six railway tracks.
The station straddles the border of Jakarta and West Java. Despite this, the station's entrance still lies within the borders of Jakarta, and therefore is stated as part of Jakarta. Cakung is the easternmost station in East Jakarta.
History
Since 9 October 2018, this station has used a new building with a futuristic minimalist modern architecture which is located a little to the east of the old building. The relocation did not change the layout of the railway track at all.
The flyover will be built next to 6 railway tracks level crossing near Cakung Station and will replace a level crossing that is currently active.
Services
The following is a list of train services at the Cakung Station.
Passenger services
KAI Commuter
Cikarang Loop Line (Full Racket)
to (direct service)
to (looping through -- and vice versa)
Cikarang Loop Line (Half Racket), to / (via and ) and
Intermodal support
References
External links
East Jakarta
Railway stations in Jakarta
Fountain of the Great Lakes, or Spirit of the Great Lakes Fountain, is an allegorical sculpture and fountain by Lorado Taft. The bronze artwork, created between 1907 and 1913, depicts five women arranged so that the fountains waterfall recalls the waterflow through the five Great Lakes of North America. In the Great Lakes, the waterflow begins in Lake Superior at above sea level and continues eastward through each lake until it reaches Lake Ontario. The Fountain is one of Taft's best known works. It is located in the public South McCormick Memorial Court of the Art Institute of Chicago, in the Chicago Loop.
The fountain was originally installed facing south where it remained until 1963, when it was moved next to the Morton Wing addition facing west. In its original location it was visible from the Jackson and Michigan Avenue intersection once known as "route center" to the south. The fountain was commissioned by the Benjamin Ferguson fund and one surface references the title B. F. Ferguson Fountain of the Great Lakes. There is a relief sculpture of Benjamin Ferguson on the rear panel that has been hidden from view since the fountain was moved.
As the first commission from the Ferguson Fund, it experienced various funding delays. Additionally, the legal environment for land use in Grant Park was in flux at the time the commission was made, which caused delays in location selection. Once erected, the fountain received largely positive reviews, but a few critics questioned symbolism of the sculpture. Others were caught up in sociopolitical subtexts of the day, with regard to obscenity laws as it related to public art and this semi-nude work.
Background
Benjamin Ferguson's 1905 $1 million charitable trust gift to "memorialize events in American History" funded The Fountain, and many other public works in Chicago. As the city attempted to determine a policy for the fund's use, Taft argued for fountains, allegorical statuary, discreetly placed portrait busts, and the adornment of bridges and park entrances in order to create long-lasting beauty in addition to supporting the style of art he pursued. By September 1905 his name was linked in the press to the fund as a possible deserving recipient of its first commission. During the 1905–1906 year he began to place greater emphasis on sculpture in the classes he taught at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, while simultaneously refining earlier allegorical.
The fountain is Taft's response to Daniel Burnham's complaint at the Columbian Exposition in 1893 that the sculptors charged with ornamenting the fairgrounds failed to produce anything that represented the great natural resources of the west, especially the Great Lakes. In Spring 1902, Taft had assigned his students a work entitled Spirit of the Great Lakes. Five women had molded individual figures in response to an assignment and joined them in a tiered group with an imagined waterflow from the containers that they held. By mid-January 1906, Taft cast a plaster version, which he exhibited to Ferguson Fund Trestee Charles L. Hitchinson on January 17 at Taft's Midway Studios. By the end of January, The Art Institute of Chicago displayed the work during its annual local works exhibition. It gained support during its four-week display and won the Chicago Municipal Art League top sculpture award, and along with two other bust works he won the Society of Chicago Artists' Medal for general excellence. The Municipal art League exhibition chairperson, Mrs. William F. Grower, decided to form a subcommittee to help satisfy public support for the work to be the first Ferguson fund commission. However, even after the probate court released the bequest to the trustees on May 23, 1906, no commission was made because the trustees were undecided between a statuary and a portrait commission.
Additionally, Grant Park has been protected since 1836 by "forever open, clear and free" legislation that has been affirmed by several Illinois Supreme Court rulings. Aaron Montgomery Ward twice sued the city of Chicago to force it to remove buildings and structures from Grant Park and to keep it from building new ones. The second suit was still pending in 1906 and the legal cloud regarding deliberations of architectural limitations in Grant Park caused inaction. While the trustees remained silent, Taft sought wider public support by publishing a picture of Spirit of the Great Lakes in Century Magazine, which drew interest from Buffalo, New York as a host of the final work. By February 1907, Buffalo Illustrated Times published a cover with an image of the work and a caption describing the anticipation of the Beautifying Buffalo Society for obtaining the work for the city. However, by the end of 1907 Taft and his connections with the Trust Fund resolved his commission.
On October 31, 1907, the Ferguson Trust Board voted Taft a commission, and on December 16, he signed a $38,000 contract to commence work. The commission was the first commission from the Ferguson fund. Despite the financial agreement it would be some time before a determination of a site for the work. Ward's suit continued to loom over the deliberations. One proposal was to locate it in Grant Park south of the Art Institute and another was to locate it at the 35th Street and Grand Boulevard (Now Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive) intersection that now hosts the Chicago Landmark and National Register of Historic Places-listed Victory Monument. The 1909 Art Institute annual report mentioned a proposal for a sunken garden with a focal fountain south of the institute. Legal issues regarding land use intensified in 1910, and the Art Institute began to make modest plans for the fountain almost attached to the south wall of its own building. For the next few years there was little mention of the fountain as Taft focused on other work. Then in May 1913, the fountain model at Taft's Midway Studios was disassembled and taken to Jules Berchem's foundry for bronze casting. Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge designed the base for the sculpture. It was subsequently assembled by mid-August in preparation for a September 9, 1913 dedication date.
In 1963 with the construction of the new Morton wing of the Art Institute of Chicago Building, the fountain was moved from its south facing position adjacent to the original building that was visible from the Historic Michigan Boulevard District to the west wall of the new wing in a position facing westward. The sculpture was positioned so that the plaque on the back, which reads that the "fund must be used for erecting and maintaining enduring statuary and monuments", is no longer legible.
Although Taft is now better remembered for his books such as The History of American Sculpture, which is regarded as the first comprehensive work on the subject in the title, he was in his day well known for portraits and allegorical public sculpture, especially public fountains. The fountain was produced in the period following his assignment to design sculptures for William Le Baron Jenney's Horticultural Building when he designed several large-scale public works, including Fountain of Time.
At the time of the dedication, Taft described the Ferguson Fund commission to sculpt the fountain as a turning point in his career that led to increased publicity, more commissions, and growing recognition in the community, which combined to give him the encouragement for further commitment to the arts. He hoped that the Fountain of the Great Lakes would mark a new era of civic beautification and that it would also mark the beginning of the Chicago school of sculpture. The dream that Chicago would be the epicenter of the sculpting universe had been bred during the World's Columbian Exposition twenty years earlier and rekindled with the Ferguson bequest. Fountain of the Great Lakes was a major career accomplishment for Taft, which propelled him beyond the level of a portraitist.
Critical response
The general opinion of Fountain of the Great Lakes was positive with some describing it as a cultural achievement for Taft and Chicago. The detractors conceded that as a figural composition, it was ideal in an Old World way. Critics voiced concern over the sculpture's confusion and decorum. One of the basic problems for the critics was the propriety of the symbolism of artistic and attractive bronze figures posed as bodies of water. There had for some time been discussion of the depictions representing relative elevations and the flows of the waters as they seem to do. There were grumblings for closer association of the figures to the lakes by use of physical features, directional orientation and definite contours. Harriet Monroe, a general supporter of Taft's artistic efforts, was disappointed in the lack of representative geographic configuration and the lack of spirit of the lakes as inland seas. With respect to this specific piece she had gone from being an ardent supporter who felt the model was "stupendous" to finding herself in "doubt" about the work. Taft's human form depictions of the lake failed to capture the imagery of contemporary literature as it related to the power and fury of nature and the heroism of those struggling against those forces in works such as those of Hamlin Garland, Charles Eugene Banks, Willa Cather, or Robert Morss Lovett. Taft's representations of Lakes with quiet trickling water was in keeping with his general theme of quiet dignity for public sculpture. On the day of the dedication the Chicago Daily News expressed this point with a photomontage juxtaposition of Taft's fountain and Lake Michigan in all its fury.
After one got past the symbolism of the ladies as lakes, complaints existed about the lack of recognition of the contemporary form of female representation in art and literature which had gone from the Lillian Russell-type to the Gibson Girl to the Lillie Langtry image while Taft had apparently chosen "packing house ladies" as his female form. When Taft presented live depictions of his sculptures with quintets of women, he faced complaints that three of his five sculptural compositions had nude upper torsos, while his live representations were fully clothed. The degree to which nudity in public art was more for the "sake of nudity than for the sake of art." was a contemporary issue involving confiscated Paul Chabas fully nude painting, the Roman Catholic Church, critics, art dealers and collectors. All this led to a 1913 amendment to the Chicago municipal obscenity laws proposed by Mayor of Chicago Carter Harrison, Jr. to the Chicago City Council, which passed three months before the dedication of Taft's partially nude fountain. Chicago Tribune writers stood behind Taft's fountain using humor against what they described as a "streak of over-accentuated puritanism" that could adversely affect public art.
Taft had Beaux-Arts training that lent itself well to allegorical sculpture. For Fountain of the Great Lakes, Taft claimed an inspiration from the Greek mythology. Danaus ordered his 49 daughters to kill their husbands and condemned them to delivering water to a bottomless vessel in Hades. This was in keeping with Taft's penchant for classical inspiration although this was a loose association where the number of daughters was reduced from 49 to 5 and the artist's task did not seem to be nearly as cruel as the mythological one.
See also
List of public art in Chicago
Notes
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Chicago 1929 image (before more recent building additions)
1913 sculptures
Sculptures of the Art Institute of Chicago
Fountains in Illinois
Outdoor sculptures in Chicago
Sculptures by Lorado Taft
Bronze sculptures in Illinois
Relocated buildings and structures in Illinois
Statues in Chicago
Allegorical sculptures in Illinois
1913 establishments in Illinois
Sculptures of women in Illinois
Sculptures of children in the United States
Ronny Jesús Maza Miranda (born 11 May 1997) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Canadian club Valour FC.
Early life
Maza was born in the city of Maracaibo in Venezuela's Zulia state.
Club career
Zulia
Maza began his career with Venezuelan Primera División side Zulia, and made his professional debut in 2016 while on loan with Portuguesa. During his loan, he made a total of ten appearances in league play, scoring one goal, and also scored a goal in the Copa Venezuela.
Maza made his debut for Zulia the following season in a 2–2 draw against Deportivo Lara. On 28 April 2017, he made his continental debut in the Copa Libertadores in a 1–1 draw against Argentine side Lanús. That season, he scored three goals in twelve league appearances and made another two appearances in the Copa Venezuela. In 2018, Maza made three league appearances for Zulia before departing mid-season.
Trujillanos
In July 2018, Maza signed with nearby Primera División side Trujillanos and made seven league appearances, scoring one goal, and appeared in both of the club's playoff matches that year. The following season, Maza achieved career-highs in both goals and appearances, scoring nine in 29 appearances. He also made two appearances in the playoffs and one in the Copa Venezuela that year. In 2020, Maza scored three goals in seventeen appearances in a season shortened by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Valour FC
On 7 January 2021, Maza signed with Canadian Premier League side Valour FC.
Career statistics
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Venezuelan footballers
Sportspeople from Maracaibo
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Zulia F.C. players
Portuguesa F.C. players
Trujillanos FC players
Valour FC players
Venezuelan Primera División players
Shin-hye, also spelled Sin-hye, is a Korean feminine given name. The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 25 hanja with the reading "shin" and 16 hanja with the reading "hye" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Queen Sinhye (), first wife of King Taejo of Goryeo
Hwang Shin-hye (born 1963), South Korean actress
Bang Sin-hye (born 1967), South Korean hurdler
Park Shin-hye (born 1990), South Korean actress
See also
List of Korean given names
References
Korean feminine given names
The first commercial bank in Western Australia was created eight years after the establishment of the Swan River Colony in 1829.
Entries in italics indicate a locally (W.A.) domiciled operation.
Notes
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20060503170654/http://www.encyclopedia.uwapress.uwa.edu.au/wa_snapshots#b
http://www.gabr.net.au/biogs/ABE0187b.htm#related
Banking in Western Australia, Timeline of
Western Australia, Timeline of banking in
Banking in Western Australia, Timeline of
Australia, Western, Timeline of banking in
Banking in Western Australia, Timeline of
Financial history of Australia
"Message In Our Music" was a hit song for the R&B vocal group The O'Jays in 1976 from their album, Message in the Music. Written by famed songwriters Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, it spent a week at number one on the R&B singles chart in October, 1976, and peaked at number forty-nine on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
Chart history
References
[ Song review] on Allmusic
1976 songs
1976 singles
The O'Jays songs
Songs written by Leon Huff
Philadelphia International Records singles
Songs written by Kenny Gamble
Songs about music
Bab Mansur al-'Alj or Bab Mansour (also variously spelled as Bab Mansour al-'Ilj, Bab Mansour al-Eulj, Bab el-Mansour, Bab Mansur, etc.) is a monumental gate in the city of Meknes, Morocco. Located on the south side of Place el-Hedim (el-Hedim Square) in the old city, it was originally the main ceremonial entrance to the Kasbah (royal citadel) of Sultan Moulay Isma'il, built in the late 17th and early 18th centuries. Today it is one of the most famous and admired landmarks in the city.
History
Begun in the later years of Moulay Isma'il's reign, the gate was finished in 1732 by his son Moulay Abdallah. The gate's purpose was more ceremonial than defensive, aiming to impress visitors. Its name comes from the architect and designer of the gate, Mansour al-'Alj (the "Victorious Apostate"), a former Christian slave who converted to Islam. Another ornate gate, Bab Jama' en-Nouar, also stands a short distance to the southwest along the same wall. It has similar decoration to the larger Bab Mansour and is believed to also date from the time of Moulay Isma'il.
In the early 19th century, Sultan Moulay Abd ar-Rahman added a loggia-type structure just outside the gate on the right (southwest side), which is no longer present today. The structure served as a meeting place for military and high officials, as the tribunal of the city's governor, and to hold other military or religious ceremonies. Today the gate is usually closed but its interior is sometimes open to host exhibits.
Architecture
The overall design of the gate is based on Almohad prototypes (such as Bab Agnaou and the gate of the Kasbah of the Udayas), with a large horseshoe-arch opening and flanking bastions, but also presents significant new features. In particular, the flanking square bastions or towers are supported on four thick squat columns at the corners with horseshoe arches between them, creating a hollow loggia at the base of the towers. Further out to the sides, flanking the bastions, are massive marble columns supporting large projecting pilasters above. The columns, with ornate composite order capitals, are of ancient Roman origin, probably from the nearby site of Volubilis. Almost the entire facade of the gate, including the flanking bastions, is covered in heavy decoration. This consists of a repeating darj-wa-ktaf motif (stylized lozenge-like pattern in Moroccan architecture) which frames the main archway of the gate and fills the spaces above the columns of the flanking bastions. The empty or negative spaces within this motif are entirely filled with colourful polychrome zellij (mosaic tilework), another feature which was new to Moroccan monumental gateways. The spandrels of the arches are filled with arabesque-painted tiles. At the very top of the gate, above the other decoration and running along its entire length, is an elaborate Arabic inscription painted on tiles which describes the construction of the gate, which in turn was topped by small "saw-tooth" merlons. Inside, the gate's passage is bent, turning 90 degrees twice, and bridges the distance between the double walls of the Kasbah, granting access to Place Lalla Aouda beyond.
See also
Moroccan architecture
Bab er-Rouah
Lalla Aouda Mosque
References
External Links
Images of Mansur Gate in Manar al-Athar digital photo archive
Gates of Meknes
'Alawi architecture
Alyssa Rose Giannetti (born October 28, 1994) is an American professional football player. She plays the goalkeeper position.
Youth career
Alyssa finished her youth career with Legends FC in Southern California.
Collegiate career
Giannetti played four years (2012-2016) with California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California She was named Big West Soccer Defensive Player of the Week three times, on November 4, 2013, August 31, 2015 and September 21, 2015.
(*) - Indicates school record
Professional career
Giannetti began her professional career February 2016 with Arna-Bjørnar in the Toppserien, Norway's top women's league. During her rookie 2016 season, she started all 25 official matches during the season, including 22 in the Toppserien League. Giannetti was named the top keeper during the first half of the season.
After the 2016 season, she was named the Toppserien Goalkeeper of the Year by the Norway Football Association. She re-signed with Arna-Bjørnar for the 2017 season but left the club at the end of the season, returning to studies in the USA.
References
External links
Cal Poly bio
Arna-Bjørnar players
American women's soccer players
Cal Poly Mustangs women's soccer players
Women's association football goalkeepers
Soccer players from California
Living people
1994 births
American expatriate women's soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
American expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Toppserien players
Benjamin Howe (21 March 1892 – 14 February 1950) was an Australian politician. He was a Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1930 until 1932, representing the electorate of North Sydney.
Howe was born in Darlinghurst, and undertook an apprenticeship as an engineer at Mort's Dock. He became a fitter and turner in the tramway workshops at Randwick from 1921 until his election to parliament in 1930. He was an active trade unionist, serving as a shop delegate, organiser and representative of the tramway section of the Amalgamated Engineering Union. He also ran a soup kitchen with his wife in North Sydney during the Great Depression.
Howe was the Labor candidate for North Sydney at the 1927 state election, losing to Ernest Marks, and for the corresponding federal seat at the 1928 federal election, losing to former Prime Minister Billy Hughes. He was elected on his third attempt when he defeated Marks at the 1930 state election as part of Labor's landslide victory that year. His political career was to be short-lived, however; he was easily defeated amidst the Labor defeat of 1932 by North Sydney mayor and United Australia Party candidate Hubert Primrose. He again contested North Sydney against Primrose in 1935, but was easily defeated.
Howe returned to his prior role at the tramway workshops after his defeat, and worked there from 1938 until his death in 1950.
References
1892 births
1950 deaths
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
20th-century Australian politicians
The Church of St. Nicolas () is a Roman Catholic church located in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés in the department of Val-de-Marne, France.
History
A chapel dedicated to St. Nicholas was mentioned in two abbey manuscripts in 1137 during the Miracle of Rain: after an intense drought that hit all Western Europe, the monks of Saint-Maur Abbey organised a procession of the relics of St. Maur to the boundary of the fiefdom, near Charenton. When they came back, a violent storm broke out while they were saying the Mass in the chapel of St. Nicholas.
The church was listed as a Class Historic Monument on February 3, 1947.
On January 7, 2018, the Mass celebrated in the Church of St. Nicholas on the day of Epiphany was broadcast live in France 2's Catholic programme Le Jour du Seigneur.
Pilgrimage
A Marian pilgrimage to Notre-Dame-des-Miracles took place at the church for nearly nine centuries until 1968. The pilgrimage resumed in 1988. According to the 1328 story of Regnault de Citry, a statue of the Virgin Mary was ordered by William de Corbeil and miraculously appeared in the workshop of a sculptor on July 10, 1068. According to the tradition, the statue is acheiropoieta (i.e. made without hands).
References
Roman Catholic churches in France
Churches in Val-de-Marne
Shrines to the Virgin Mary
Monuments historiques of Île-de-France
Moroczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 346.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Clayton Mark (June 30, 1858 – July 7, 1936), one of the pioneer makers of steel pipe in the United States, was an industrialist in the Chicago area who founded the Mark Manufacturing Company in 1888, a firm for the fabrication and sale of water-well supplies and Clayton Mark and Company in 1900. In addition, Mark founded Marktown, a planned worker community in Northwest Indiana on the National Register of Historic Places. He was known for his philanthropy and civic contributions.
Early years
Mark, born in 1858 in Fredericksburg, Pennsylvania, was the son of Cyrus and Rebecca (Strohm) Mark. His earliest paternal ancestor in America was William Killian Mark, who moved with his brothers from Switzerland to Lebanon County Pennsylvania in 1735.
Clayton moved to Chicago with his family in 1872. He was educated in the public schools of Pennsylvania and Illinois, and stopped his formal education after completing seventh grade at Brown School in Chicago. Mark's family relocated to Carroll, Iowa in 1836 after Mark's father's dry goods business burned down. Cyrus Marks subsequently established another dry goods business in Carroll. However, Clayton stayed in Chicago to begin his career as a file clerk for Chicago Malleable Iron Co. in 1876, where he advanced to secretary, and vice-president, and was on the Board of Directors until his death.
Mark Manufacturing Company
Mark founded The Mark Manufacturing Company in 1888 as a co-partnership with his father Cyrus Mark. The company initially manufactured well points, small castings used in the construction of wells. This business was later expanded to include the manufacture of steel pipe. In 1900, he built a pipe mill in Evanston, IL, bought another in Ohio in 1901, a zinc mining company in 1906, and in 1916 Mark built a steel mill in Indiana Harbor to supply his own requirements for steel.
Marktown
In 1917, Mark began construction of a planned worker community “Marktown” to house the workers of his steel mill in Indiana Harbor, East Chicago, although it was never completed. Marktown was designed to house 8,000 employees in 200 houses, and the plans included a recreation building, both elementary and high schools, a post office, a movie theatre, and a recreational park with tennis courts. In contrast to the neighboring planned worker community developed by the Pullman Company in which workers were not allowed to own their homes, the residents of Marktown were to have the opportunity to either rent or purchase their homes.
Mark commissioned the renowned architect Howard Van Doren Shaw to design Marktown. Shaw had designed Mark's own home in Lake Forest, Illinois in 1912. The final design of Marktown has been described as an attempt to recreate a gracious English country village. Construction was stopped when only a fraction of the original plans for Marktown were completed due to the aftereffects of World War I, and the sale of his steel plant to Youngstown Sheet and Tube. All of the original structures stand, and are considered representative of the planned industrial community movement of the late 19th and early 20th century. Mark's planned worker community in Northwest Indiana is regarded as an important cultural resource of architectural and historical significance, and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Civic activities
Mark's chief civic interest was in the field of public education, and he had a large impact on the shaping of the Chicago School Systems. Mark served on the Chicago Board of Education from 1896–1905, and served as its president from 1902-1905. As President of the Board of Education, Mark facilitated the building of new schools to alleviate crowded conditions, including the Edgar Allan Poe School in Pullman. Many of Mark's efforts were aimed at increasing the efficiency of the school system and increasing attendance. For example, he advocated the appointment and promotion of teachers based on merit. He also advocated better sanitary conditions, the establishment of school playgrounds, the extension of technical schools, and the incorporation of kindergartens into public schools.
Mark served several terms as President of the Civic Federation of Chicago from 1907 to 1929, an active reform group that addressed the city's social and political problems. It is noteworthy that Mark worked with Jane Addams on a number of educational and social reforms. Clayton Mark has been described by historians as taking part in a phenomenal number of civic affairs with overwhelming energy and drive, and that "…he tried in every way to protect and foster the things in life that made it possible for him so it would be possible for others."
Personal
Mark and wife Anna Griffith had nine children: Clarence Mark, Alice (married McMicken Hanchett, Clayton Mark (married Gladys Stephens), Lydia (married John Saville, then Arthur MacDonald), Phyllis (married Everett Lindley Wyman), Cyrus Mark, Scytha (married Alvin Ehret), Griffith (married Elinor Patterson), and Anna (married Avery Rockefeller).
References
American industrialists
1858 births
1936 deaths
Burials at Lake Forest Cemetery
Presidents of the Chicago Board of Education
The 'Keitt' mango is a late-season mango cultivar which originated in south Florida.
History
Keitt was reportedly a seedling of the Mulgoba cultivar that was planted on the property of Mrs. J.N. Keitt in Homestead, Florida in 1939. However, recent genetic analysis suggests Keitt was actually a seedling of Brooks, which would help explain its late-season ripening and large fruit size. The cultivar was selected and named in 1945, after which it quickly gained commercial nursery acceptance for its flavor, productivity and lack of fiber. The fruit lacked color, however, and was much larger than most varieties, limiting it from becoming a widespread commercial staple. It did gain popularity among Florida home growers and remains one of the more widely planted trees in the state today.
Keitt trees are planted in the collections of the USDA's germplasm repository in Miami, Florida, the University of Florida's Tropical Research and Education Center in Homestead, and the Miami–Dade Fruit and Spice Park, also in Homestead.
Description
The trees are vigorous growers, but tend not to reach heights much over 20 feet. It has a low spreading habit that is not as compact as most other mango trees, and develops an open canopy. Fruit production is relatively heavy and consistent.
The fruit is comparatively large, some reaching up to several pounds in weight. They are of ovoid shape with a rounded apex lacking a beak. The skin color is typically green with some light red blush. The flesh has fibers, tangy and sweet, with a monoembryonic seed. The fruit generally has good disease resistance, and typically ripens from August until September in Florida, often into October as well, making it one of the more valued late-season varieties.
See also
List of mango cultivars
External links
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-7827883500929791807 - video description of 'Keitt' by Dr. Jonathan Crane of the University of Florida.
References
Mango cultivars
Flora of Florida
Paul Jiang Taoran (July 27, 1926 – November 15, 2010 Shijazhuang, Hebei, China) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhengding. Ordained to the priesthood in 1953, he was ordained bishop by the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association, without approval from the Vatican. However, in 2008, Pope Benedict XVI gave his approval.
Notes
1926 births
2010 deaths
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
Sunder Sukka (; born 18 August 1978) is an Indian artist (painter) from Mahboobnagar district of Telangana State in India. He is the son of a Golla Suddula performer. Golla Suddula performance is an art form which makes people aware of the socioeconomic, political and cultural conditions with an underlying message so that they can fight for their rights.
Early life and background
Sukka has had his work exhibited at numerous art galleries since 2007 and hosted his first solo show in 2014, when he exhibited 24 collections of artwork entitled 'Discourse of a People.' It took Sukka some time to host his first solo show as not many were willing to let him host one.
All the paintings, whether it is the recurring figure of lambs and sheep, or men and women from the village, were taken from the personal experiences of Sukka. When asked, Sukka explained that his paintings are an attempt to capture the artist communities which are disappearing as 'things are changing in the villages.'
Career
Sukka's interest with art began when he was in school and found that he had a talent for drawing. His first effort was an impressively accurate drawing of Rani Rudramadevi, which impressed the Elders at home. His other early inspiration was his brother who is a signboard artist. He later did paintings of leaders and as a young school boy, made greeting cards for friends and relatives, all with great encouragement from other students and teachers.
With Sukka's interest in art continuing, he joined Bachelor of Fine Arts to pursue it seriously because objects such as lanterns, issurayyi, rolu- rokali looked interesting to him. He also enjoyed exploring extinct art forms and occupations like budaga, angalollu, gangireddulollu, kommollu, sodi chepetollu, budabudukalollu and others, in part in order to recapture art forms he witnessed growing up in his village which now are lost. In his painting 'the morning clock' the village woman is compared to the morning clock who works out her daily activities like a cock or hen.
Personal life
The relationship that rural folk develop with their livestock in their daily survival etc. is a recurring theme throughout his paintings. This relation is an outcome of the society and "the socialist ideology" that he had developed over the years. Sukka's father worked as a labourer in Madhya Pradesh and thus, Sukka's work was often painted to reflect the feelings of other villagers, like his father, who had left home and their families to work as migrant labourers.
Sukka is married to Karuna Sukka and they have a daughter.
Awards
Sukka received the 'Ambadas Mahurkar Award' presented by the Konaseema chitrakala parishad, Amalapuram organisation in 2007. He also received the 'Junior fellowship' award by the Ministry of Culture, New Delhi for the year 2011-13.
Exhibitions
Solo Show
Sukks had his first solo show in Hyderbad in 2014. The exhibition of paintings was titled ‘Discourse of Life' at Tamkanat Art Gallery.
Two man show:
Sukka has also had a two-man show with Karuna Sukka, his wife, in Hyderbad in 2011, displaying the painting and prints at the Shrishti Art Gallery.
Group shows:
Over time, Sukka has had many shows, ranging from as early as 2007 to 2015.
2007
"Heart to Art", A group show of Paintings, Prints and Sculptures, Chitramayee State Gallery of Fine Arts, Hyderabad.
"Look Again" A group show of Paintings, Drawings and Graphics, at Hasta Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2012
"Regional Art Exhibition", organized by Lalit kala Akademi, at Lalit kala Akademi Chennai.
"Jiva" An Art Exhibition, organized by Icon Art Gallery, Hyderabad, India.
"Art Exhibition on Bio-Diversity", organized by Department of Culture, State Gallery of Fine Arts Hyderabad, A.P.
2013
"Genesis of Memorabilia, An Exhibition of Paintings, Ailamma Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
"Art Jamboree 2013", conducted by Daira Center for Arts and Culture at Taj Deccan, Hyderabad.
"Creations- old and new" An exhibition of Sculptures, paintings and prints, Art gallery, PST University, Hyderabad.
"Within Reach-IV" group show, Nvya Art Gallery, New Delhi.
2014
‘Art @Telangana', Salarjung Museum, Hyderabad.
‘Art @Telangana', Metropolis World Congress, Hyderabad.
An art exhibition of paintings and sculptures, at Muse Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
"Kotha Panduga", First Native Telangana Artists Painting Exhibition at Chitramayee state Gallery of Fine Arts, Hyderabad, organized by Telangana Artists Forum.
"Art exhibition of paintings and sculptures' conducted by Telangana Tourism Department at Taramathi Bhiradari, Hyderabad.
"Art as Investment', Tamkanat Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
"Inaugaral show" of Tamkanat Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2015
"Affordable and Utilitarian Art Fair" of Shrishti Art Gallery, Hyderabad, January 2015.
"Hyderabad Art Fete- 2015" organized by Hyderabad Art Society, at Muse Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
Art Camps
Sukka was also involved in various art camps from 2004 to 2015. These have been listed below.
2004
Annual Artist Camp, Central University, Hyderabad.
Print making camp under Pinaki Barua from Shantineketan at Hyderabad Central University.
Young Artists Camp- organized by State Art Gallery of Fine Arts, Hyderabad.
2006
A.P. State artist camp– Organized by Department of Culture, Warangal.
2007
A.P. State artist camp organized by Department of Culture, Hyderabad.
2012
National Artists Art Camp at Deccan Art Foundation, Hyderabad.
2013
Art camp organized by A P Tourism Department in Nagarjuna konda, A.P.
Workshop: Innovating traditions: interactive use of techniques between Nakashi and contemporary artist, organized by Icon Art Gallery, Hyderabad, A.P.
2014
"Telangana Art Camp" of Art@Telangana, at Taramathi Biradari premises - 2014, held on the occasion to mark the Historical event of formation of new state of Telangana, Hyderabad.
2015
‘Painting Art Camp' Organized by MCHRD, Main Office, Hyderabad.
Collections
MCHRD, Hyderabad
Department of folk culture - PST University, Warangal.
Apollo Hospitals, Hyderabad
References
External links
, Interview
1978 births
Living people
Indian male painters
People from Mahbubnagar district
Painters from Telangana
Thil Island is a small rocky island lying 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) northeast of Jennings Promontory in the eastern part of the Amery Ice Shelf. Delineated in 1952 by John H. Roscoe from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47. Named by Roscoe for R.B. Thil, air crewman on Operation Highjump photographic flights over this area.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
Bernard MacGregor Walker Knox (November 24, 1914 – July 22, 2010) was an English classicist, author, and critic who became an American citizen. He was the first director of the Center for Hellenic Studies. In 1992 the National Endowment for the Humanities selected Knox for the Jefferson Lecture, the U.S. federal government's highest honor for achievement in the humanities.
Biography
Knox was born in 1914 in the City of Bradford, Yorkshire, England. He received his B.A. from St John's College, Cambridge in 1936, joined and was wounded in combat with the International Brigades in the Spanish Civil War, which he joined alongside John Cornford, John Sommerfield and Jan Kurzke. He served in the United States Army during World War II. In 1939 he married an American, Betty Baur, a novelist who wrote under the pen name Bianca van Orden; she died in 2006. His son, Macgregor Knox, is a prominent historian of 20th century Europe.
Bored with his first Army assignment with an anti-aircraft battery in England, Knox volunteered for work with the Office of Strategic Services as he spoke French and some German. The OSS assigned him to the Jedburgh program, and he parachuted into Brittany on July 7, 1944 with team GILES. His team evaded German capture while working with the area resistance, arranging clandestine air parachute drops of weapons, and, when the regulars arrived, did liaison work between the US forces and the French resistance in order to sweep the German Army out of Brittany. In the Spring of 1945, he deployed to Italy with an OSS team to work with the Italian Partisans scouting for Allied forces. It was here, during a firefight, where he was pinned down in a monastery filled with books that he resolved to take up his studies in the classics should he survive the war. He did so and received an M.A. from Harvard, and a PhD from Yale. In the army, he achieved the rank of captain.
Knox taught at Yale until 1961, when he was appointed the first director of Harvard's Center for Hellenic Studies in Washington, D.C. After fulfilling a previous commitment to spend a year as Sather Lecturer at the University of California, Berkeley, Knox served as director of the Center from 1962 until his retirement in 1985. He continued to write prolifically.
Knox is known for his efforts to make classics more accessible to the public. In 1959 his translations of Oedipus Rex were used to produce a series of television films for Encyclopædia Britannica and the Massachusetts Council for the Humanities, featuring the cast of the Canadian Stratford Shakespeare Festival. He taught the poet Robert Fagles at Yale, and became Fagles's lifelong friend and the author of the introductions and notes for Fagles's translations of Sophocles's three Theban plays, Homer's Iliad and Odyssey, and Virgil's Aeneid. Reviewing the Fagles Iliad in The New York Times, classicist Oliver Taplin described Knox's 60-page introduction as "His Master's Voice, taking the best of contemporary scholarship and giving it special point and vividness, as only Mr. Knox can." His combat experiences in World War II subtly inform these introductions.
Knox was the editor of The Norton Book of Classical Literature and also wrote extensively for The New York Review of Books. Knox received the 1977 George Jean Nathan Award for Dramatic Criticism for one of his New York Review pieces, a review of Andrei Şerban's controversial Lincoln Center production of Agamemnon; the award committee described Knox's work as "a brilliant review of a major theatrical event" in which Knox "recognized that the director was attempting to solve the central problem of this play by finding a new way to express long passages of lyric language that have lost their immediacy for modern audiences." In 1990 he received the first PEN/Diamonstein-Spielvogel Award for the Art of the Essay for his book Essays Ancient and Modern.
Knox is also known for his role in the controversy over similarities between Stephen Spender's World Within World and David Leavitt's While England Sleeps: it was Knox, reviewing Leavitt's book for The Washington Post, who first pointed out its similarities to Spender's older memoir (which Knox had reviewed in 1951). This ultimately led to Spender suing Leavitt and forcing the withdrawal and revision of Leavitt's book.
The National Endowment for the Humanities awarded Knox the Charles Frankel Prize in 1990, and in 1992 it selected Knox for the Jefferson Lecture, the U.S. federal government's highest honor for achievement in the humanities. Knox's lecture, which he gave the intentionally "provocative" title "The Oldest Dead White European Males", became the basis for Knox's book of the same name, in which Knox defended the continuing relevance of classical Greek culture to modern society.
He died of heart failure on July 22, 2010. He was buried with honors at Arlington National Cemetery.
Awards and honors
1945: Two Bronze Stars and the Croix de Guerre
1956: Guggenheim Fellowship
1977: George Jean Nathan Award for Dramatic Criticism, "for his review of Andrei Serban's production of Agamemnon at Lincoln Center, published in the New York Review of Books"
1977: Elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
1985: Elected to the American Philosophical Society
1990: Charles Frankel Prize, from the National Endowment for the Humanities
1990: PEN/Diamonstein-Spielvogel Award for the Art of the Essay, for Essays Ancient and Modern
1992: Selected for the Jefferson Lecture by the National Endowment for the Humanities
2004: The Thomas Jefferson Medal, awarded by the American Philosophical Society
Publications
Books:
Bernard Knox, Cleanth Brooks, Maynard Mack, Tragic Themes in Western Literature: Seven Essays by Bernard Knox and Others (Yale University Press, 1955), .
Bernard Knox, Oedipus at Thebes (Yale University Press, 1957), reissued as Oedipus at Thebes: Sophocles' Tragic Hero and His Time (Yale University Press, 1998), .
Bernard Knox, The heroic temper: studies in Sophoclean tragedy (University of California Press, 1964), .
Bernard Knox, Word and Action: Essays on the Ancient Theater (1979) (reprint, Johns Hopkins University Press, 1986),
Bernard Knox, Essays Ancient and Modern (Johns Hopkins University Press, 1989), .
Bernard Knox, editor, The Norton Book of Classical Literature (Norton, 1993), .
Bernard Knox, The Oldest Dead White European Males and Other Reflections on the Classics (1993) (reprint, W. W. Norton & Company, 1994), .
Bernard Knox, Backing Into the Future: The Classical Tradition and Its Renewal (W.W. Norton, 1994), .
Articles and Book Chapters:
The Continuity of Greek Culture, Perspectives on Culture and Society, Volume 1 (1988), pages 149-164
Premature Anti-Fascist, The Antioch Review, Volume 57, Number 2, Essays, Personal & Political, Spring 1999, pp. 133–149.
Selected introductions
Sophocles, tr. Robert Fagles, notes by Bernard Knox, The three Theban plays (Viking Press, 1982), .
Homer, tr. Robert Fagles, intro. Bernard Knox, The Iliad (Penguin Classics, 1991), .
Homer, tr. Robert Fagles, intro. Bernard Knox, The Odyssey (Penguin Classics, 1997), .
Virgil, tr. Robert Fagles, intro. Bernard Knox, The Aeneid (Viking, 2006), .
Moses I. Finley, intro. Bernard Knox, The World of Odysseus (New York Review of Books, 2002), .
References
External links
1914 births
2010 deaths
English classical scholars
Writers from Bradford
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Yale University alumni
Classical scholars of Harvard University
British people of the Spanish Civil War
English emigrants to the United States
National Humanities Medal recipients
International Brigades personnel
United States Army officers
Classical scholars of Yale University
Scholars of ancient Greek literature
PEN/Diamonstein-Spielvogel Award winners
Homeric scholars
Harvard University alumni
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Wanderers Special Club (often abbreviated as Wanderers SC) were a football club based in Auckland, New Zealand.
The team was age-restricted, and featured only players below 20 years of age. The club was formed to develop players for the New Zealand national under-20 football team in preparation for the then up-coming 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup, hosted in New Zealand. New Zealand Football High Performance Director Fred de Jong said that "one of the objectives is to retain our top young players in New Zealand for longer, and entry into the ASB Premiership gives us an opportunity to prepare in a cost effective manner when compared to touring the team internationally."
The club is considered to be a continuation of Northern-Based, an under-17 team that played in the ASB Youth League and provided several players to New Zealand for the 2013 OFC U-17 Championship.
The team entered the 2013–14 ASB Premiership season, replacing outgoing YoungHeart Manawatu.
The team was withdrawn from the ASB Premiership following the completion of the 2014–15 season.
References
Association football clubs in Auckland
2013 establishments in New Zealand
Association football clubs established in 2013
2018 disestablishments in New Zealand
Association football clubs disestablished in 2018
Reginald John "Reg" Schroeter, sometimes referred to as Reginald Schroter, (September 11, 1921 – July 30, 2002) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
In 2001 Reg Schroeter was honoured by the Canadian Forces when it was announced that the 1948 RCAF Flyers were selected as Canada's greatest military athletes of the 20th century.
References
External links
Reginald Schroeter's profile at databaseOlympics
Reginald Schroeter's profile at Sports Reference.com
1921 births
2002 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Knighton Hospital () is a health facility in Ffrydd Road, Knighton, Powys, Wales. It is managed by the Powys Teaching Health Board.
History
The facility has its origins in the Knighton Union Workhouse which was designed by Edward Jones and was completed in 1837. It has hit by a bad gas explosion in 1907 and then served as a Red Cross Hospital during the First World War. It became the Knighton Public Assistance Institution in 1930 and joined the National Health Service as Knighton Hospital in 1948. Due to staff shortages, the number of beds reduced from thirteen to seven in 2014. An old X-Ray room was converted into facilities for patients needing palliative care in 2017.
References
Hospitals in Powys
Hospitals established in 1837
1837 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1837
NHS hospitals in Wales
Powys Teaching Health Board
Ryde, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, has had four incarnations since it was first established in 1894. It has returned one member for most of its existence, except for the period 1920 to 1927 when it returned five members.
Members
Election results
Elections in the 2010s
2019
2015
2011
Elections in the 2000s
2008 by-election
2007
2003
Elections in the 1990s
1999
1981 - 1999
Elections in the 1980s
1988
1984
1981
1968 - 1981
Elections in the 1960s
1965
1962
Elections in the 1950s
1959
1956
1953
1950
Elections in the 1940s
1947
1945 by-election
1944
1941
1940 by-election
Elections in the 1930s
1938
1935
1932
1930
Elections in the 1920s
1927
1925
1922
1920
Elections in the 1910s
1917
1913
1904 - 1913
Elections in the 1900s
1904 by-election
1901
Elections in the 1890s
1898
1895
1894
Notes
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
Shadow of the Almighty Faith Tabernacle Ministries (SAFTM) is a Christian church in India.
History
SAFTM was founded in 1988 by Rev. Paul D Dawson, who resigned his job as a senior executive in one of the Government of India's leading insurance companies after receiving the call for full-time ministry. After the inception of the SAFT Church, he now ministers with the main objective of teaching people about Faith & equipping them with knowledge of the supernatural resources on the Word of God, so that they would become effective "soul winners", apart from living a life full of power and victory. Dawson is a well known Christian televangelist in India. He appears regularly on many TV channels. He was instrumental in establishing SAFT Church and Faith Bible Academy (FBA) within a short period of time.
He is also Vice President of Cornerstone University of Jerusalem, Israel & USA- Asia Campus and International Director of Capstone Global Outreach, Inc. USA.
Organization Information
Shadow of the Almighty Faith Tabernacle Ministries (SAFTM), Chennai, India, is one of the fastest growing Christian organizations in India. Shadow of the Almighty Faith Tabernacle Church ( SAFT Church ), is a family church with the motto" Miracles and Believer's cannot be separated", and is expressed in every aspect of all its services. Special emphasis is laid on teaching the Word of God in its fullest perspective, so that the believer may lead a Victorious, Supernatural and complete life.
In 2003, Rev. Paul D Dawson established Faith Bible Academy. Faith Bible Academy is an interdenominational Christian College, established for the edification of the body of Christ. Its purpose is to equip church members and ministers so they will be ready to function in the place which the Lord has prepared for them. Faith Bible Academy student body comes from many local churches. Its policy is that all programs offered by the college shall be equally available to all persons without regard to race, age, sex, or handicap. Faith Bible Academy is a school to equip men and women to live successful and victorious lives, to prepare individuals to be effective and involved members of their local churches, and to provide mature qualified leaders to meet the needs of local churches, para-church ministries, and the community. He was doing Miracle Healing Ministries in Bangalore CSI Churches like St.Luke's Church,Holy Trinity Church,St Paul's Church,Etc. Congregation of church seeing Power of God Moving literally.
References
External links
SAFTM International Web site
Miracle Increase Web site
Curse Breaking Web site
Faith Bible Academy Web site
Healing Truths Web site
Super Natural Living Web site
Christian Books Web site
Christian Internet Radio site
Evangelicalism in India
Christian organizations established in 1988
Evangelical denominations in Asia
Events from the year 1912 in Scotland.
Incumbents
Secretary for Scotland and Keeper of the Great Seal – John Sinclair, 1st Baron Pentland until 13 February; then Thomas McKinnon Wood
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Alexander Ure
Solicitor General for Scotland – Andrew Anderson
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Dunedin
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Kingsburgh
Chairman of the Scottish Land Court, established on 1 April – Lord Kennedy
Events
15 January – Rua Reidh Lighthouse first lit on Rubh'Re Point near the entrance to Loch Ewe.
May – Unionist Party emerges in Scotland following merger of the Liberal Unionist Party into the Conservative And Unionist Party in England.
Summer – The last residents leave the Hebridean isle of Mingulay.
August – Sir Fitzroy Maclean, 10th Baronet, takes possession of the family seat of Duart Castle on the Isle of Mull.
10 September – Midlothian by-election. The Unionist Party gain the seat from the Liberal Party.
24 October – Formation of the Edinburgh and Leith Branch of the Workers' Educational Association at a meeting addressed by Albert Mansbridge.
26 November – A severe south-westerly gale hits Scotland: ten people are killed and Troon is heavily flooded.
The island of Raasay is acquired by Baird & Co. who open an iron ore mine there.
Births
1 January – Margot Bennett, novelist (died 1980)
10 February – Ena Lamont Stewart, playwright (died 2006)
15 February – Jane Lee, silent film child actor (possible location) (died 1957 in New York City)
17 March – Alex Hastings, international footballer (died 1988)
10 April – Archie McKellar, squadron leader, flying ace of the Royal Air Force during World War II (killed in action 1940 over Adisham, Kent)
16 April – David Langton, born Basil Muir Langton-Dodds, actor (died 1994 in Stratford-upon-Avon)
18 April – Sir Sandy Glen, explorer of the Arctic and wartime intelligence officer (died 2004)
10 May – Mary Anne MacLeod Trump, mother of President of the United States Donald Trump (died 2000 in New York City)
3 June – William Douglas-Home, playwright (died 1992 in England)
15 August – Sir Monty Finniston, industrialist (died 1991 in London)
2 September – David Daiches, literary historian and literary critic (died 2005)
11 September – Robin Jenkins, novelist (died 2005)
12 September – J. F. Hendry, poet (died 1986 in Canada)
21 September – Sir Ian MacGregor, industrialist (died 1998 in England)
29 November – Muriel Gibson, Scottish nationalist activist and military officer (died 2005)
1 December – Margaret Campbell, Duchess of Argyll, née Whigham, socialite (died 1993 in England)
Deaths
18 February – George Henderson, scholar of Scottish Gaelic (born 1866)
29 March – Henry Robertson Bowers, polar explorer (born 1883)
15 April – Wreck of the RMS Titanic
John Law Hume, violinist on (born 1890)
William McMaster Murdoch, First Officer on RMS Titanic (born 1873)
6 June – Alexander Carmichael, exciseman, folklorist, antiquarian and author (born 1832)
20 July – Andrew Lang, poet, novelist, literary critic and contributor to anthropology (born 1844)
8 November – Dugald Drummond, steam locomotive engineer (born 1840)
25 November – Sir Edward Moss, theatrical impresario (born 1852 in Manchester)
18 December – Alexander Taylor Innes, lawyer, writer, biographer and church historian (born 1833)
The arts
The Hippodrome Cinema, Bo'ness, opens its doors. It will be the first purpose-built cinema in Scotland to celebrate its centenary as a film venue.
Bandmaster Frederick J. Ricketts of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders publishes "Holyrood", the first march under the pseudonym Kenneth J. Alford.
See also
Timeline of Scottish history
1912 in the United Kingdom
References
Scotland
Years of the 20th century in Scotland
1910s in Scotland
KMRI (1550 AM) is an AM radio station which is currently silent, but previously broadcast a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to West Valley City, Utah, United States, the station serves the Salt Lake City area. The station is owned by KMRI LLC. KMRI LLC is owned by communications attorney Barry Wood.
History
The station was originally built on 1570 kHz with a power of 500 watts and the transmitter located in the 'Sugarhouse' area of Salt Lake City in 1956. It operated during daytime hours only. In 1965, the station's frequency was changed to 1550 kHz, and its power was increased to 10,000 watts. The transmitting tower was moved to 5265 West 2100 South in what is now West Valley City, Utah.
On March 4, 1968, the station's callsign was changed from KWIC to KRGO. As KRGO, the station aired a country music format. In 1977, nighttime operation at 500 watts was added. In the mid 1980s, the station's country music programming was simulcast on KRGO-FM 107.9.
On January 1, 1988, the station's callsign was changed to KZQQ, and the station aired the Z Rock heavy metal format. By 1990, the station's format had changed to Spanish language music, and was branded "La Fabulosa". The station later adopted a religious/gospel format during the day, while Spanish language programming remained on the station at night.
On July 31, 1992, the station's callsign was changed to KRGQ, and the station began airing a country music format during the day, while Spanish language programming remained on the station at night. On September 14, 1992, the station's country music programming began to be simulcast on 107.9 KZQQ-FM and 103.1 FM, and was branded "KRGO". In December 1993, the station's country music programming began to be simulcast on KQOL 106.5, as well.
By 1995, the station had been taken off the air. In 1997, the station was rebuilt at its current transmitter location of 6211 West 2100 South in West Valley City. On March 10, 1997, the station's callsign was changed back to KRGO. The station returned to the air, airing a Country Western format.
On January 16, 1998, the station's callsign was changed to the current KMRI. The station began airing a religious format. The station's callsign stood for "Miracle Rock Incorporated Church", which owned the station when it was assigned. In 2003-2004 the station made arrangements with the then–owner of KCPW (AM) (now KIHU), Community Wireless of Park City, to share its single tower as "Tower 2" of the other stations two tower directional arrays.
In 2005, the owners of the radio station made a contract with David J Velasquez, president of Radio Exitos Communications Inc and began transmitting Regional Mexican Music which also included Spanish Christian Music a program of 4 hours everyday from 2-6 p.m. Musica para tu alma played for 1 year, then two hours a day for two years. The president of Radio Exitos Communications Inc sold the contract to Victor Galindo owner of Victor's Tire. For the remainder of the contract. The contract was renewed with Victor Galindo owning the new contract. Then the radio station was sold to the new corporation.
Tower Collapse
On March 18, 2020, a 5.7 magnitude earthquake happened near Magna, Utah, southwest of the station's tower. The earthquake knocked the station off the air after its tower collapsed. The earthquake's epicenter was north-northeast of the city of Magna, putting it near the Great Salt Lake or close to the towers. The collapse also affected KIHU, which was operating at reduced power. KMRI filed for special temporary authority to go silent.
Legal Proceedings and Chapter 11 Subchapter V Reorganization
On March 26, 2020, AASAA Media LLC DBA KMRI Radio was placed into involuntary receivership by Judge Matthew Bates of the Third Judicial District Court of Salt Lake County. KMRI's license was auctioned on July 17, 2020 by the court appointed receiver Jacob Hibbard, with the plaintiff in the foreclosure auction acquiring KMRI's license by placing a $75,000 credit bid.
On July 28, 2020, AASAA Media LLC DBA KMRI Radio voluntarily filed for Chapter 11 reorganization under Subchapter V and became Debtor-in-Possession [Trustee] of the FCC License and other assets; and is continuing operations of KMRI Radio via digital streaming until its antenna tower can be restored. One of the members of AASAA Media LLC, Nicolas Alejandro Vicente, died on August 21, 2020. The bankruptcy case previously filed by AASAA Media, LLC, was dismissed on October 26, 2020. On October 30, 2020, Barry Wood, the owner of KMRI LLC, submitted an application to the FCC to assign KMRI's license to the newly created LLC. An application for extension of the STA to remain silent was filed with the FCC on January 28, 2021 by receiver Jacob Hibbard, in order to resolve the legal disputes currently preventing KMRI from resuming broadcasting. On March 16, 2021, KMRI briefly resumed broadcasting with reduced power and an emergency wire antenna in order to prevent the station's license from lapsing before the expiration of the one year silent period. According to the Special Temporary Authority (STA) application filed with the FCC by receiver Jacob Hibbard, KMRI's Nautel transmitter sustained minor damage during the March 18, 2020 Salt Lake City earthquake which caused the station's tower to collapse. Replacement parts for the transmitter were obtained and installed prior to the temporary resumption of operations on March 16, 2021.
References
External links
Mass media in Salt Lake City
MRI
Regional Mexican radio stations in the United States
Richard Grenville (by 1524 – 1577 or 1578), of Stowe, Kilkhampton and Penheale, Cornwall, was a politician and Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for the constituency of Newport, Cornwall in 1545 and 1559, and for Dunheved in 1555 and 1563.
References
1578 deaths
People from Kilkhampton
English MPs 1545–1547
English MPs 1555
English MPs 1559
English MPs 1563–1567
Members of the pre-1707 English Parliament for constituencies in Cornwall
Year of birth uncertain
The Royal Netherlands Army Artillery provides artillery support for the Royal Netherlands Army. It is divided into three corps, undertaking two roles: Korps Veldartillerie - Field Artillery and Korps Rijdende Artillerie - Horse Artillery. These two corps undertake the field artillery role. They are equipped primarily with the PzH2000 and were equipped with the M109 howitzer. Until 2013, one regiment retained the traditions of the Veldartillerie and one of the Rijdende Artillerie, with one assigned to each of the army's mechanised brigades.
In 2013, following a series of defence cuts, the two artillery regiments were amalgamated into a single unit called the Fire Support Command (VuursteunCommando), with three fire support batteries and an HQ battery, of which two of the fire support batteries are Veldartillerie and one, together with the HQ is Rijdende Artillerie.
Korps Luchtdoelartillerie
The third corps is Korps Luchtdoelartillerie - Air Defence Artillery. It undertakes the air defence role. Three individual batteries were equipped with Stinger man-portable air defence missiles and the Cheetah armoured air defence vehicle (a variation of the Leopard 1) and are assigned to the three mechanised brigades. The rest of the unit is assigned to provide air defence for other vital areas.
Korps Luchtdoelartillerie consists of the Air Defence Command (Commando Luchtdoelartillerie). 11 Air Defense Company (Air Assault) Samarinda (part of 11 Luchtmobiele Brigade) is considered part of the Air Defense Artillery Regiment, but is an independent Air Defense Company and part of the infantry Regiment Van Heutsz. It is composed mostly of infantry. To avoid confusion, it was named a company rather than a battery.
As of 2007 the Air Defence Command (Colua) is located at [De Peel Air Base] and equipped with the NASAMS 2 Army Ground Based Air Defense Systems (Army GBADS).The regiment consists of a Joint Air Defense Center, a Staff battery, 11th Air Defense battery, 13th Air Defense battery, an instruction and training battery and the Joint Air Defense School.
Each of the two Air Defense batteries consists of a staff platoon, three Stinger Weapon Platform platoons and a NASAMS 2 Fire Unit (FU). The SWP are available in two variants: The SWP [Fennek] is a four wheeled armored vehicle with the [Aselsan] ready to fire a Stinger surface-to-air missile launcher. The Mercedes-Benz G290GD four-wheel drive light transport vehicle, with a Dual Mounted Stinger (DMS) on a tripod, offers two Stingers ready to fire.
By integrating the Low Level Air Picture (LLAP) with both VSHORAD-missiles systems into the wireless GBADS-network, which is JTIDS (Joint Tactical Information Distribution System) capable, they can bring the Recognized Air Picture (RAP) to the SWPs. This is a unique capacity and a powerful attribute to NATINEADS (NATO INtegrated and Extended Air Defense System).
Besides the SWPs the Air Defense batteries have a NASAMS II (Norwegian Advanced Surface to Air Missile System II) Fire Unit (FU). Each FU consist of a FDC (Fire Distribution Centre), a MPQ-64 Sentinel radar and 3 Launchers with 6 AIM-120B (SL)AMRAAM's ((Surface Launched) Advanced Medium Range Air to Air Missile) each.
The sensor capacity of the GBADS-network consists, besides the MPQ-64 and LLAPI (LLAP Interface), of five TRML (Telefunken Radar Mobil Luftraumuberwachung) radars. This Medium range, modular, highly reliable, countermeasures-resistant, 3D, C-band, self-contained, mobile radar systems are capable of detecting a real target with a small RCS ([Radar Cross-Section]) like Cruise Missiles and U(C)AV's (Unmanned Aerial (Combat) Vehicle's), even at low attitudes.
Joint Air Defense command
On September 23, 2009 it was announced by the Commander Royal Netherlands Army Commander, Commander Peter van Uhm, that all ground based air defense units, including the Air Force's Guided Weapons Group (GGW), would be merged into a single Joint Air Defense Command at De Peel Air Base.
References
Army units and formations of the Netherlands
Artillery administrative corps
Group B of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament was one of the seven groups to decide the teams which qualified for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations finals tournament. Group B consisted of four teams: Algeria, Mali, Malawi, and Ethiopia, who played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format.
Standings
Matches
Goalscorers
3 goals
Yacine Brahimi
2 goals
Riyad Mahrez
Bakary Sako
Mustapha Yatabaré
Atusaye Nyondo
Getaneh Kebede
Oumed Oukri
1 goals
Hillal Soudani
Carl Medjani
Rafik Halliche
Djamel Mesbah
Sofiane Feghouli
Cheick Diabaté
Abdoulay Diaby
Sambou Yatabaré
Seydou Keita
Frank Banda
Robert Ng'ambi
Essau Kanyenda
Saladin Said
Yussuf Saleh
Abebaw Butako
Discipline
Notes
References
External links
Orange Africa Cup Of Nations Qualifiers, CAFonline.com
Group B
Count was the 12th and final daimyō of Hirado Domain in Hizen Province, Kyūshū, Japan. He was also the 37th hereditary head of the Matsura clan, and a noted tea master. His honorary title was. Hizen-no-Kami.
Biography
Akira was born as the 3rd son of Matsura Hiromu, the 10th daimyō of Hirado. His elder brother, Matsura Terasu became 11th daimyō of Hirado in 1841; however by 1849, despite having a wife and three official concubines, Terasu was still childless. Therefore, in November 1849, Akira was officially adopted as his son and heir. Terasu died unexpectedly on August 5, 1858, and Akira became the 12th daimyō of Hirado.
Akira was an active ruler, and attempted to continue the efforts started by his brother to strengthen the domain in face of the unsettled Bakumatsu period by continuing land reforms, sponsoring improved agricultural methods and military training. In 1859, he was visited by Katsu Kaishū and by the Dutch doctor J. L. C. Pompe van Meerdervoort. In 1860, he built coastal defenses as increasing numbers of foreign ships were seen near Hirado's shores.
Politically, he supported the moderate Kōbu Gattai policy of attempting to reconcile the Tokugawa Bakufu with the Imperial Court. During the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration, he commanded his forces as part of the Satchō Alliance in support of Emperor Meiji, and fought at the Battle of Toba–Fushimi and against the Tokugawa remnants of the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei in northern Japan, at Morioka and Akita.
In June 1868, the revenues of Hirado domain were raised to 61,700 koku as a reward for his loyalty to the new government. However, with the abolition of the han system later that year, he surrendered the title of daimyō to the central government and was appointed governor until Hirado domain was absorbed into Nagasaki Prefecture in July 1871. Awarded 4th Court rank, he moved to Tokyo and entered into service of the Imperial Household Ministry. In April 1884, he was made a count in the new kazoku peerage system. From 1890, he served in the House of Peers of the Diet of Japan. He was later awarded 2nd Court rank.
In addition to his political work, Matsura Akira was also heir to the school of the Japanese tea ceremony begun by the 4th daimyō of Hirado, Matsura Shigenobu. His former house in Hirado still exists, and is preserved as the Matsura Historical Museum. The building is listed as a National Important Cultural Property. The collection holds household objects, paintings, calligraphy, and documents relating to the early foreign trade in the area. All items in the collection had once been the property of the Matsura clan of Hirado.
References
The content of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
1840 births
1908 deaths
Tozama daimyo
Matsura clan
People of the Boshin War
People of Meiji-period Japan
Kazoku
Japanese tea masters
The Exercise Franchise For Good Governance (EFG) is an Indian civil society organization formed in 2007, that aims to encourage participation in elections. It believes that rise in citizen's participation strengthens political accountability. An accountable political system helps shape governance both from the perspective of Electors and Politicians. The founding members of the group are Dr Satbir Silas, Uttam Prakash, Sanjay Chadha, Ratan Lal,G Venkatesh, Yogendra Jha, U G Sujatha, Hemang P Jani.
EFG launched voter awareness campaign during the 2008 assembly elections in Delhi and the 2009 General Elections in India. It made two strategic interventions. The first was through its website where it disseminated information about candidates contesting elections. It opened a section called “EFG book of Commitment”, encouraging netizens to sign a commitment as a token self-promise to vote.
The second intervention was through a “people to people contact” programme. Between March and May 2009, two campaigns namely “Respect Your Vote” and “Jog for Democracy” were organised.
“Respect Your Vote” was a nationwide campaign that reached out to citizens face-to-face. As a road show, it toured cities asking for people's commitment to vote through a formal signature. The signatures were taken on a Flex Board that read "Respect Your Vote and the Votes would Respect Your Aspirations". The idea was to bring in self-discipline for the target groups, mainly the educated youth and the middle class that shies away from voting. It covered the cities of Madurai, Chennai, Agra, Delhi, Ahmedabad and Kolkata. The programme found friends in local NGOs like Lions Clubs International, Agra Vikas Manch that supported and participated in the road show.
“Jog For Democracy” was launched at the elite Lodhi Gardens in Delhi on April 11, 2009. At the event, EFG volunteers from different backgrounds such as students, professors, corporate professionals, new tax payers, senior citizens and young women participated in good numbers. Wearing EFG T-shirts displaying messages that good governance begins with casting of a vote, fellow joggers were requested to commit to vote through a formal signature. The signatures were taken on a board that read “Respect Your Vote and the votes would respect your Aspirations”. Thereafter the programme moved from one local park to another in colonies of Delhi culminating into a candlelit march at Jantar Mantar a day before Delhi went to polls.
EFG has been demanding inclusion "Do you have a Voters id Card?" on appeal applications under RTI. The idea is to distribute voter registration forms to such applicants who say "NO", as these are enlightened citizens who should also lead governance reforms through exercising franchise.
EFG is launching a new awareness campaign for 2014 general elections in India under the theme Promise2Vote
EFG has a Facebook page : www.facebook.com/promise2vote
EFG in the Media
Some of the media that gave space to EFG include BBC,The National, The Times of IndiaThe Times, Gulf Times, Khaleej Times, The News Today (Dhaka)The Hindu, The Indian Express, The Hindustan Times,The New Indian Express, DNA, The Statesman,Mail Today, India Today, World Movement for Democracy. Amongst the vernacular press were Hindustan, Punjab Kesri, Nai Dunia, Virat Baibhav, Dainik Jagran, Dinakaran, Dinamalar, Mahasamar, Amar Ujala, Samar Bhumi, Desh Bandhu, Bharat Agra Samachar and a host of online media. Amongst the electronic media notable were DD, X news, Aaj Tak, NDTV, Zee news, All India Radio etc.
Other Programmes of EFG
“Bal Panchayat” amongst slum children in Delhi where attempt is made to instill confidence in them about ownership of governance that does not discriminate on economic front.
EFG's website has a page called “ EFG's Book of Commitment”. One can sign a unique virtual commitment to self as a token gesture to take all efforts to participate in elections. The idea is to do the least towards improving political accountability. One of EFG's slogans towards this goal is “Drawing Room Complaints are not heard, but Votes are”
Any common man who feels that participation in elections can help strengthen the quality of governance is a potential ambassador of EFG.
Shrey Goyal, Asia Regional winner of an essay contest organised by World Youth Movement of Democracy, refers to EFG in the winning essay.
References
http://www.expressindia.com/latest-news/now-freshers-can-swear-to-vote-as-they-enter-university/468651/
http://www.thenational.ae/article/20090507/FOREIGN/705069884/1140
Hindustan Times
http://news.gaeatimes.com/53-percent-of-delhi-votes-congress-exudes-confidence-54962/
https://web.archive.org/web/20090509202510/http://www.sindhtoday.net/south-asia/94260.htm
http://www.thaindian.com/newsportal/politics/53-percent-of-delhi-votes-congress-exudes-confidence-delhi-roundup_100189675.html
http://news.webindia123.com/news/Articles/India/20090507/1248397.html
http://www.aol.in/news-story/53-percent-of-delhi-votes-congress-exudes-confidence/2009050712139012000034
http://www.jansamachar.net/pof.php3?num=39508&lang=English
http://www.newkerala.com/nkfullnews-1-34486.html
https://archive.today/20130131025716/http://www.parinda.com/news/politics/20090507/23205/53-percent-delhi-votes-congress-exudes-confidence
http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/2/hi/south_asia/7749635.stm
http://www.indianexpress.com/news/Young-voters-a-deciding-factor/396064
http://www.screenindia.com/news/young-voters-a-deciding-factor/396064/
http://indiatoday.intoday.in/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=24293&sectionid=81&Itemid=1&issueid=90
https://web.archive.org/web/20090412052132/http://www.exchange4media.com/e4m/news/fullstory.asp?section_id=8&news_id=34375&tag=29461
http://epaper.indianexpress.com/IE/IEH/2009/04/15/ArticleHtmls/15_04_2009_503_014.shtml?Mode=1
Hindustan Times
https://web.archive.org/web/20110711133419/http://www.gulftimes.com/site/topics/printArticle.aspcu_no%3D2%26item_no%3D288237%26version%3D1%26template_id%3D46%26parent_id%3D26
https://web.archive.org/web/20120927173626/http://www.khaleejtimes.com/DisplayArticle.aspxfile%3Ddata/specialfeature/2009/April/specialfeature_April112.xml%26section%3Dspecialfeature%26col%3D
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/asia/article6115787.ece
http://epaper.mailtoday.in/352009/epaperpdf/352009-md-hr-23.pdf
External links
Official site
Promise2Vote
Elections in India
2007 establishments in India
Voter turnout organizations
Daniel Oberkofler (born July 16, 1988) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Graz99ers of the Austrian Hockey League (IceHL). Oberkofler competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team.
Playing career
On February, 2013, Daniel, playing for Austria's men's national Ice Hockey team, scored two goals against Italy in the Group D of the Men's Final Olympic Qualification.
On May 7, 2013, the Austrian forward also scored a goal against Latvia during a preliminary round game of the 2013 IIHF World Championship in Helsinki, Finland.
At the conclusion of the 2016–17 season, and after 11 seasons playing with EHC Black Wings Linz, Oberkofler returned to his original club, Graz 99ers, on March 15, 2017.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Austrian ice hockey centres
EHC Black Wings Linz players
Graz 99ers players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Austria
Sportspeople from Graz
Equestrian Portrait of Charles V (also Emperor Charles V on Horseback or Charles V at Mühlberg) is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Titian. Created between April and September 1548 while Titian was at the imperial court of Augsburg, it is a tribute to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, following his victory in the April 1547 Battle of Mühlberg against the Protestant armies.
The portrait in part gains its impact by its directness and sense of contained power: the horse's strength seems just in check, and Charles' brilliantly shining armour and the painting's deep reds are reminders of battle and heroism. According to Hugh Trevor-Roper, he "does not exult in his victory. He is staid, controlled, pensive, but serene". Titian recorded all of the foreground elements—the horse, its caparison, and the rider's armour—from those used in the actual battle. Both the armour and harness survive, and are kept at the Royal Armoury in Madrid. It was in the Spanish royal collection until transferred to the Museo del Prado in 1827.
There is a second version in a convent in Toledo.
Commission
The portrait was commissioned by Charles' sister, Mary of Austria, Queen of Hungary, with Charles specifying how he wished to be presented. The emperor was very aware of the importance of portraiture in determining how he was seen by others, and appreciated not only Titian's mastery as a painter, but also the artist's manner of presenting him as a ruler.
A seated portrait of Charles, of which the prime version is now in Munich, was painted during the same visit. Titian came to know Charles V personally, and had painted other portraits of him by this time. A highly intelligent man, Titian was quick witted, humorous and easy company. He had developed such a strong friendship with Charles by the time of this portrait that the emperor's courtiers were uneasy at the extent that a lowly painter was allowed into his confidence. While in Augsburg, Titian was given an apartment close to Charles' own, and allowed easy access and frequent meetings with the emperor.
During his stay in Augsburg, Titian painted two portraits of Charles V: the equestrian portrait and the civilian portrait. Titian described imperial Augsburg as the glory of the world and told his friend Lorenzo Lotto that he was surrounded by all the favours of the court and of the Emperor.
Description
The painting contains a mix of styles; passages such as the armor and harness display the realism of Titian's early work, while the trees, landscape and sky are built from the broad stretches of colour and strong brushstrokes associated with his work from the 1540s on. It contains surprisingly few iconographic elements, but they are not absent. Pietro Aretino, a contemporary writer whom Titian painted, suggested that he incorporate conventional references to religion and fame. The lance alludes to Saint George, the exemplar of the "traditional image of a military knight-saint". The red around Charles' helmet, his sash and on the horse's trim, represents the Catholic faith in the wars of the 16th century. Titian was so keen to capture such vivid reds that he requested a half pound of red lake be brought from Venice to Augsburg. His instruction reveals that he regarded that pigment "so burning and so splendid...that in comparison the crimson on velvet and silk will become less beautiful".
Drawing on sources such as Roman military art (the statue of Marcus Aurelius on horseback), Renaissance equestrian imagery such as the engravings of Hans Burgkmair, and possibly Dürer's 1513 engraving Knight, Death and the Devil, Titian departs from the traditional rendering of rider on horse, in which one of the horse's front legs is raised (as seen in the gallery of Roman and Renaissance works below). Instead, the horse rears slightly, or may be striking off into a canter, with only its hind legs touching the ground, while Charles still holds the reins lightly, upright but at ease, implying his advanced horsemanship. The influence of the Dürer engraving is subtle. Dürer's knight rides through dark woods, passing figures representing evil and mortality, including a pig-snouted devil and death riding a pale horse. In contrast Charles emerges from a dark wood into an open, though brooding landscape.
Titian creates a tension between the emperor's age and physical frailty, and his reputation as a forceful and determined, dynamic leader. This is most apparent in the fact that Titian portrays Charles heroically, but places him in a calm dawn setting in which there are no signs of battle. Charles' frailty is underlined by the dark overhead clouds, his weary facial expression and weak jaw (his lower jaw protrudes beyond the line of the upper part), though this is subverted so that it instead conveys his resolve. Charles further suffered from gout, and in reality was carried to the battle in a litter. In the portrait, Titian achieves a feeling of steadiness and control through passages such as the darkly painted wood behind the rider, the evenly clouded sky, and Charles' detached, yet steely, gaze into the distance. The sense of forward motion is suggested by the angle of the spear and charging horse as Charles and mount arrive into the open landscape. The sky also resonates with Charles' victory, but as with the landscape, it also contains dark undertones. The skyscape is considered Titian's best, and has been described as "flaming and shadowed, with gold light fighting with blue, deathly clouds set against a landscape [which] suggests the immensities of space that Charles dominates and the brooding, inner landscape of the soul."
Influence
Many later equestrian portraits of monarchs and rulers display a debt to Titian's depiction of Charles. More obvious and well known works include Anthony van Dyck's 1620 Portrait of Charles I on Horseback which incorporates many of Titian's ideals. Goya's 1812 Equestrian Portrait of the 1st Duke of Wellington expands further, removing the sense of heroism, and presenting a diminished, isolated figure, undersized compared to his mount, almost overwhelmed by the landscape around him, and charging towards a dark skyscape.
Gallery
Notes
References
Braham, Allan. "Goya's Equestrian Portrait of the Duke of Wellington". The Burlington Magazine, Volume 108, No. 765, Dec., 1966
Dunkerton, Jill. In: Titian. National Gallery London, 2003.
Freeman, Luba (1995). Titian's portraits through Aretino's lens. Penn State Press; pp. 125–132.
Grancsay, Stephen. "A Parade Shield of Charles V". Metropolitan Museum of Art Bulletin, Volume 8, No. 4, Dec., 1949
Hackenbroch, Yvonne. "Some Portraits of Charles V". Metropolitan Museum of Art Bulletin, Volume 27, No. 6, Feb., 1969
Kaminski, Marion. Titian. Potsdam: Ullmann, 2007.
Kennedy, Ian. "Titian". Cologne: Taschen, 2006.
Rosand, David (1978). Titian. Library of Great Painters. New York: Harry N. Abrams; pp. 126–27.
Museo del Prado entry. Accessed 18 July 2010.
Trevor-Roper, Hugh; Princes and Artists, Patronage and Ideology at Four Habsburg Courts 1517–1633, Thames & Hudson, London, 1976,
Charles V
1548 paintings
Paintings by Titian in the Museo del Prado
Charles V
Cultural depictions of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor
Portraits of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor
Coconut production contributes to the national economy of Mexico. According to figures published in December 2009 by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, it is the world's seventh largest producer of coconuts, producing 1,246,400 tonnes in 2009.
References
Mexico
Agriculture in Mexico
George Wartman Carman (March 29, 1866 – June 16, 1929) was a Major League Baseball shortstop. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association in , their last year of existence.
External links
Major League Baseball shortstops
Philadelphia Athletics (AA) players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
1866 births
1929 deaths
Shamokin Maroons players
Reading (minor league baseball) players
Easton (minor league baseball) players
Harrisburg Ponies players
Lebanon Pretzel Eaters players
Minor league baseball managers
19th-century baseball players
Caim is a hamlet in the community of Llangoed, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 144.3 miles (232.2 km) from Cardiff and 225.8 miles (363.4 km) from London. Cafnan is represented in the Senedd by Rhun ap Iorwerth (Plaid Cymru) and is part of the Ynys Môn constituency in the House of Commons.
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
The chiming wedgebill, sometimes referred to as chiming whipbird (Psophodes occidentalis) is a species of bird in the family Psophodidae.
It is endemic to Australia. The chiming wedgebill and chirruping wedgebill (Psophodes occidentalis) were considered a single species until as late as 1973, when they were separated due to marked differences in their calls.
The chiming wedgebill makes a cooing sound during mating.
References
chiming wedgebill
Endemic birds of Australia
chiming wedgebill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
St James' Church, Iddesleigh, is a church in the small village of Iddesleigh, Devon, England.
It dates back to the 13th century, although most of the structure dates from the 15th century, and there have been various changes since then.
Location
Iddesleigh, known as leddeslegh before the Norman conquest of England (1066), is a village and parish in Devonshire.
Samuel Lewis described the parish in 1848 as follows,
Iddesleigh today is a small village with a few thatched cottages and houses.
From the church there are excellent views over Dartmoor, including Cawsand Beacon, Yes Tor and High Willhays.
History
At one time the manor belonged to the De Sullys, one of whom was a famous crusader.
Later it passed to Sir John Leger, and later to Sir Stafford Northcote, 1st Earl of Iddesleigh (1818–87).
The parish church has its origins in the 13th century, but mostly dates to the 15th century. The parish registers start in 1541.
92 adult males in leddeslegh parish signed the Protestation Returns of 1641–1642, in which they swore an oath of allegiance to the Protestant religion.
This indicates the population at that time.
The church was partially rebuilt in 1720.
It was repaired and partially rebuilt in 1848.
The vestry is an 1850 addition to the west end of the north aise.
Memorial windows were added in 1866 to Hugh Malet, of Ash, and to Maria Louisa Prior:
The church was thoroughly restored in 1879.
Another memorial window was added by subscription to the 1st Earl of Iddesleigh, who died in 1887.
A new organ was installed in 1897.
The reredos and south chancel window were presented in 1912.
The church was designated a Grade I listed building on 22 February 1967.
Building
The church of St. James is in the Gothic style.
The walls are of coursed slate stone rubble with some granite ashlar in the buttresses of the tower.
The roof is gable ended, covered in slate with decorative ridge tiles from the late 19th century.
There is a four-stage tower with battlements at the western end with angle buttresses, with a crouching animal gargoyle on top of each buttress.
The tower holds six bells. The first two are dated 1620 and the third is dated 1629.
The tenor bell has an inscription in old English characters dedicating it to St. George.
In 1911 two new bells were added to commemorate the coronation of King George V.
The church has a chancel, nave, aisles and south porch, and can seat 120 people.
The interior is a tall granite arcade with three bays.
It has piers with moulded cup capitals and 4-centred moulded arches.
The nave and north aisle have excellent barrel vault ceilings.
These are original, and have high relief moulding.
There is a section of 15th century screen with perpendicular tracery in the north chapel, which was renovated in 1883.
The semi-octagonal panelled pulpit is early 17th century, with an integral carved lectern.
The font is octagonal, of granite with carved panels and a moulded shaft, and may date to 1538.
The north wall of the chancel holds a slate memorial dated 1681 to Wilmot Veale, wife of the rector.
The inscription is in gothic script, and the memorial has a high relief carved figure of a woman and child.
The church holds a fairly well-preserved effigy of a military figure almost long from about 1250.
It is held under a low arch in the north wall of the north aisle, behind the organ.
The figure is recumbent, with crossed legs.
The head is on a rectangular pillow and the feet rest on a lion.
The figure is dressed in mail under a surcoat which falls open at the front.
The knight wore a sword and a shield with no heraldry.
Possibly the effigy represents an ancestor of Sir John Sully, a crusader who owned property at Iddesleigh, where he died in 1387 at the age of 105.
Organisation
St James, Iddesleigh is in the parish of Iddesleigh in the Diocese of Exeter of the Church of England.
The church seems to have originally been named after Saint James the Less, but later was seen as named after James the Great.
None of the six stores in the church were dedicated to James.
In 1740 the parish feast was reported as being held on Whit Tuesday, but around 1755 it was reported on Whit Sunday.
The Friends Of St James, Iddesleigh, is a registered charity that supports the St James parochial council in fundraising and in maintaining the church.
It makes grants to organisations for conserving the environment and heritage, and for activities related to religion, art, culture, heritage and science.
Notes
Sources
External links
13th-century church buildings in England
Church of England church buildings in Devon
Benefits.gov (formerly GovBenefits.gov) was launched by the U.S. Department of Labor in April 2002, as a website designed to provide American citizens with access to government benefit eligibility information. Benefits.gov helps citizens determine their potential eligibility for more than 1,000 government-funded benefit and assistance programs. Visitors can complete an on-line questionnaire, and Benefits.gov matches benefit programs with their needs and provides information on how to apply.
Benefits.gov includes information on a variety of benefit and assistance programs for veterans, seniors, students, teachers, children, people with disabilities, dependents, disaster victims, farmers, caregivers, job seekers, prospective homeowners, and more.
Facts and Figures
Visitors since launch: 105 million
Referrals to partner agencies: 32 million
Average monthly visitors: 1.1 - 1.3 million
GovLoans.gov
GovLoans.gov, the sister site of Benefits.gov, was launched in 2004, and provides information about government loan programs. GovLoans.gov features information about loans for:
Housing
Education
Agriculture
Small Business
Veterans
Disaster Relief
References
The Facts About the President's Management Agenda. https://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/results/agenda/PMA-MythFact20061003.html
Computerworld Honors Program Case Study, 2006. https://web.archive.org/web/20070927104323/http://www.cwheroes.org/case_studies/USDepartmentofLabor.pdf
Benefits.gov and GovLoans.gov are both available in English and in Spanish. Benefits.gov en Español and GovLoans en Español offer Spanish-speaking communities greater access to benefit information.
External links
Benefits.gov
United States Department of Labor
Economics websites
Government services web portals in the United States
David John Richardson (born 1964) is a Professor and Deputy Director of the Optoelectronics Research Centre at the University of Southampton.
Education
Richardson was educated at St George's Roman Catholic School, Southampton and Taunton's College. He completed his Bachelor of Science degree and PhD in Physics at the University of Sussex in 1989.
Career and research
Richardson is a pioneer in the field of photonics, best known for his work on fibre optics and their applications. He has played a leading role in developing techniques to scale the data-carrying capacity of future optical communication networks to keep up with society's demand for ever increasing internet bandwidth. He has developed optical fibres of high performance – capable, for example, of transmitting large quantities of data across the internet at high speed.
Richardson was also one of the first to demonstrate the potential of compact, flexible, pulsed fibre lasers operating over a broad range of powers, pulse durations and wavelengths. Over many years he has extended the performance limits of fibre lasers, making them strong contenders to conventional lasers and contributing to their commercial success. His work extends to fibres capable of delivering kilowatts of optical power for manufacturing with lasers.
References
Living people
British physicists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
1964 births
Stenoma stupefacta is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 23–24 mm. The forewings are whitish-lilac fuscous with the costal edge white. The stigmata are black, the first discal large and round, the others small, the plical obliquely beyond the first discal. There is some indistinct violet-fuscous suffusion towards the middle of the dorsum and a violet-fuscous spot on the middle of the costa, where an indistinct cloudy line, curved outwards round the cell, runs to three-fourths of the dorsum. There is a small indistinct violet-fuscous spot on the costa at four-fifths, where an indistinct cloudy curved line runs to the tornus and there is also a marginal row of dark fuscous dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are yellow whitish with the apical edge greyish.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
The Botanischer Garten Grugapark is a municipal botanical garden located in the Grugapark at Virchowstraße 167a, Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is open daily; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was established in 1927 for recreation, teaching, and research. Parts of the garden were destroyed in World War II but gradually rebuilt and re-designed for the Essen Bundesgartenschau of 1965. Today its major sections are as follows:
Alpinum - mountain plants from the Caucasus, the Carpathians, and the Apennines, including gentians, alpine violets, asters, and pine trees, as well as Taiwania.
Asia section - dove tree, Japanese elm, and Asian hydrangeas, maples, and walnut trees.
Climbing plants - self-described as Germany's largest collection of climbing plants, including clematis, honeysuckle, climbing hydrangea, wolfberry, and wild vines.
Conifers (planted 1927) - self-described as one of Europe's largest collections, including
native conifers, araucaria, thuja, ginkgos, sequoia, dawn redwood, and the oldest cryptomeria group in North Rhine-Westphalia.
Forest valley - American sweet gums, pin oaks, bald cypresses, and a meadow with wild herbs.
Herb garden - medicinal herb garden in a medieval style.
Mediterranean orangery (built 1987) - acacias, bay laurels, date palms, fig trees, and lemon and orange trees.
Rhododendron valley - 500 rhododendron species and cultivars.
Rose garden (planted 1927) - rose cultivars and water lily pond.
Sensory garden - primarily roses and herbs.
Shrubbery (planted 1964) - several thousand shrubs from Asia, the Americas, and Europe, as well as cowslip, delphinium, Carpathian harebell, heuchera, lupin, red hot pokers, primrose, and giant rhubarb.
Westphalian cottage garden (circa 1925) - medicinal and culinary herbs and local vegetables representative of a Westphalian farmer's garden.
Wetlands - bald cypress, bamboos, reeds, willows, etc.
The garden also includes three greenhouses, built in 1985, for its tropical rainforest collection, succulents, and primeval plants from Australia and tropical South East Asia. Other features of interest include a bonsai garden, a scenic pond (the Margarethensee), and a Ronald McDonald House designed by Friedensreich Hundertwasser in 2005.
See also
Botanischer Garten der Universität Duisburg-Essen
List of botanical gardens in Germany
References
Botanischer Garten Grugapark
Garden map
Essen municipal description
BGCI entry
GardenVisit entry
Botanical gardens in Germany
Gardens in North Rhine-Westphalia
The Distinguished Intelligence Medal is awarded by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency for performance of outstanding services or for achievement of a distinctly exceptional nature in a duty or responsibility.
Recipients
This list includes only those publicly acknowledged to have received this award. Due to the nature of the clandestine services, an unknown number of additional individuals may have been awarded this medal in secret for actions on classified missions.
CIA medals are sometimes referred to as "jock strap medals" since they are often awarded secretly (due to the classification level of the respective operation) and cannot be displayed or, on occasion, acknowledged publicly.
See also
Awards and decorations of the United States government
References
External links
Awards and decorations of the Central Intelligence Agency
Camila is a Mexican pop rock group formed in 2005 by Mario Domm and Pablo Hurtado. Until 2013, Samo was also part of this group.
Biographies
Founded by the award-winning composer, singer and producer Mario Domm (Coahuila, Mexico), Camila made its official debut in 2005 when Domm signed his first record contract with Sony BMG Norte, together with his friends and colleagues guitarist Pablo Hurtado (San Luis Potosí) and Veracruz native Samo. Camila made To-do Cambió (2006) and Dejarte de amar (2010), which gained them success in Latin America.
Songs like “Abrázame,” “Coleccionista de canciones,” “To-do cambió,” “Mientes,” “Aléjate de mí” and “Bésame,” have gained them three Latin Grammy Awards, three Billboard Awards, Diamond and Platinum certifications, and more than two million albums sold worldwide.
Additionally, they have performed in major venues, such as New York's and Los Angeles' NOKIA, El Coliseo in Puerto Rico, in Barquisimeto, Venezuela (a concert with a hundred thousand people in attendance), el Gran Rex de Buenos Aires, Argentina and Viña del Mar, Chile, and Mexico. The band has also worked with international stars, such as Colbie Caillat, Kenny G, Alejandro Sanz, Alejandra Guzman, Reyli, Chambao, Aleks Syntek, and Wanessa Camargo.
In 2014, Camila launched a third studio album, Elypse. It was being the first album released as a duo since Samo left the group. “Decidiste dejarme,” was the leading single for the album.
Their fourth studio album, 9:30pm, was released in 2019.
Band members
Mario Domm
Composer, singer, and producer born in Torreon, Coahuila, Mario Domm commands multiple musical instruments, such as: drums, piano, guitar, and bass.
He has worked with artists Alejandro Sanz, Taboo (of the Black Eyed Peas), Alejandra Guzmán, Kalimba, Reyli, Sin Bandera, Rosana, Jesse and Joy, Romeo, Alejandro Fernández and Thalía.
Domm lives in Los Angeles, California, where he works in his own recording studio named Pop The Cherry Studios.
Pablo Hurtado
Guitarist and co-producer of Camila, Pablo Hurtado joined the project shortly before graduating in music production and audio engineer at the Fermatta Music School. He was born in Mexico City and grew up in San Luis Potosí in a family with artistic sensibilities.
He began playing the piano at the age of five and when he turned seven his father introduced him to classical guitar. As a teenager he tried the electric guitar. He began to play with several rock bands, and later became interested in musical theatre and progressive music. At the age of 20, he returned to Mexico City and began his audio engineering studies, which opened his mind to other musical genres such as jazz, blues, funk and pop.
At present, sponsored by the guitar brand PRS, Pablo has acquired knowledge and refinement and shows a fresh perspective whether playing acoustic music or intricate solos, sweet ballads or daring ones. His talent has been essential as co-author of several songs in all three of Camila's albums (“To-do cambió”, “Dejarte de amar”, “Elypse”), which has allowed him to come in contact with giants of world music. He lives in Los Angeles, California, where he has his own recording studio, Cypress Overdrive Studios.
Former members
Samo
Discography
2006: To-do Cambió
2010: Dejarte de Amar
2014: Elypse
2019: Hacia Adentro
References
External links
Camila.Tv — Camila official website
Twitter Camila
Facebook Camila
Instagram Camila
Youtube Camila
Mexican pop music groups
Latin Grammy Award winners
Musical groups established in 2004
Sony Music Latin artists
Latin pop music groups
Lux-Development S.A., better known as LuxDev, is the aid and development agency of the government of Luxembourg.
It was created in 1978 as an agency to support small and medium enterprises in Luxembourg and only became an agency for development cooperation in 1992. Now, LuxDev is a société anonyme (S.A.) whereby their stockholders are the state of Luxembourg (98%) and the state-owned bank Société Nationale de Crédit et d'Investissement (2%).
LuxDev is headquartered next to the Place des Martyrs in Luxembourg City, but it has regional offices in Hanoi (Vietnam), Pristina (Kosovo), Dakar (Senegal), Praia (Cape Verde), Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso), Niamey (Niger) and Managua (Nicaragua).
Mission
LuxDev handles almost all of the resources allocated by the government of Luxembourg to bilateral official development assistance. It can however also execute programs financed by other bilateral donors and the European Commission.
Field of activity
The Agency manages projects in four main sectors: local development (agriculture and food security, decentralisation and local governance, water and sanitation), education (especially vocational education and training), microfinance and health.
Programmes are concentrated in Luxembourg's nine privileged partner countries, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, El Salvador, Laos, Mali, Nicaragua, Niger, Senegal and Vietnam. Additionally, other countries that receive support are Mongolia, Serbia, Kosovo and Montenegro.
Numbers and facts
In 2011 LuxDev managed 115 projects and programmes and disbursed a total amount of 78,323,358 euros.
The agency was certified ISO 9001:2000 in 2005.
LuxDev is a member of Eunida and Train4Dev.
According to the OECD, 2020 official development assistance from Luxembourg decreased 9.2% to USD 450 million.
See also
List of development aid agencies
References
External links
LuxDev website
Government agencies of Luxembourg
International development agencies
My Life was the twenty-fourth studio album of Country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 2006, marking his return to RCA Nashville, after a departure in 1991 following Back to the Grindstone. Two singles were released from the album including "Local Girls" and "You Don't Know My Love", the latter did not chart but the former reached 54 on country charts, Milsap's first activity on the chart since the release of "Time, Love and Money" from his 2000 compilation album 40 #1 Hits.
The track "If It's Gonna Rain" was previously recorded by country music artist George Strait on his 2000 self-named album.
Content
My Life starts off with the track, "You Don't Know My Love", which Milsap released as his second single from the album. Described by about.com as "a little funky," the song is "upbeat" while describing "stable love." The third track "My Life", shares its name with the album, and is reflective, finding the performer "reminiscing about his life." Allmusic remarked that the song had "nostalgic undertones" and was perfect for an individual in their sixties. Milsap was 61 upon the album's release. The fourth track, "If It's Gonna Rain", was written by songwriter Dean Dillon among others. Dillon is best known for his collaborations with George Strait, who had recorded the song six years prior to Milsap. "Rain" is a ballad that centers around lost love, repeating the chorus, "If It's Gonna Rain, Let it pour'" throughout the song. The next track, "Time Keeps Slipping Away" is described as "catchy" by about.com. The song discusses the fast-paced life of 21st century America.
The seventh track, "A Day in the Life of America", is described by allmusic.com as a "chronicling of mundane everyday events that borders on the depressing." The song discusses such activities as waiting in traffic, drinking coffee, microwaving dinner, checking e-mail, watching television in a day, and then proceeding to repeat the cycle the following day, while commenting that it's "just a day, a day in the life of America". The ninth track, "Local Girls" was released as a single, charting at No. 54. The song describes a man's visit to a tropical location, and his discovery of a "local girl", whom he ultimately marries. A video was released with the track. It features Milsap performing the song in a party setting.
Reception
The record peaked at No. 46 on the country albums chart, Milsap's first appearance on the chart since Back to the Grindstone. Allmusic gave the album four stars, describing it as "bright and tuneful and relaxed as the best of [Milsap's] early-[1980s] crossover albums" remaining "true" to his "strengths as a country-pop hitmaker." The tracks "A Day in the Life of America" and "My Life" are cited as addressing "American life in the early 2000s." About.com gave the album five stars, commenting that Milsap's voice "has remained virtually unchanged since he hit the airwaves in the early [1970s]."
Track listing
Personnel
Jamie Brantley – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, background vocals
Thomas Cain – background vocals
Melodie Crittenden – background vocals
Stuart Duncan – baritone ukulele, fiddle
Rodney Edmondson – drums
Jason Eskridge – background vocals
Warren Gowers – bass guitar, background vocals
Adam Hampton – keyboards, Hammond organ, background vocals
Rhonda Hampton – background vocals
Greenwood Hart – congas, acoustic guitar, jews harp, piano
Jypsi – background vocals on "You Don't Know My Love"
Shane Keister – clavinet, keyboards, Hammond organ, piano, Wurlitzer
Brent Mason – electric guitar, gut string guitar
Ronnie Milsap – lead vocals
Matt Rovey – background vocals
John Wesley Ryles – background vocals
D. Vincent Williams – background vocals
Lonnie Wilson – drums
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
Chart
Singles
References
2006 albums
Ronnie Milsap albums
RCA Records albums
Albums produced by Keith Stegall
Tabb is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alf Tabb (1883−1976), English rider of miniature bicycles
Barrington Tabb (born 1934), English painter
Bill Tabb (fl. 1985–1998), American professional wrestler known as The Black Assassin
Brandon Tabb (born 1995), American basketball player
Bruce Tabb (1927–2022), New Zealand accountancy academic
Derrick Tabb (born 1975), American musician
George Tabb, American punk rock musician
Jaimi Tabb (born 2001), Australian rules footballer
Jay Tabb (born 1984), Anglo-Irish professional football player
Jerry Tabb (born 1952), American baseball player
John B. Tabb (1845–1909), American poet and priest
Mary Decker-Tabb (born 1958), American middle-distance runner
Michaela Tabb (born 1967), British snooker and pool referee
Ron Tabb (born 1954), American long-distance runner
Wendell Tabb (born 1962), American educator and actor
William Barksdale Tabb (1840–1874), Confederate army officer
Winston Tabb, American librarian
See also
Tabb (disambiguation)
Lament for a Nation: The Defeat of Canadian Nationalism is a 1965 essay of political philosophy by Canadian philosopher George Grant. The essay examined the political fate of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker's Progressive Conservative government in light of its refusal to allow nuclear arms on Canadian soil and the Liberal Party's political acceptance of the warheads. The book became a bestseller and "inspired a surge of nationalist feeling" in Canada, evident in its recognition as one of The Literary Review of Canada's 100 most important Canadian books in 2005.
Although grounded in the particular examination of Diefenbaker's fate in the 1963 federal election, the analysis transcended Canadian politics, studying Canadian and US national foundations, Conservatism in the UK and North America, Canada's dual nature as a French and English nation, the fate of Western Enlightenment, and the philosophical analysis of citizenship in modern democracies.
Content
According to Grant, Diefenbaker's position against the Bomarc was defeated by the Central Canadian establishment, who conspired with the Liberal Party to bring down Diefenbaker and diminish Canadian sovereignty. This was his lament; he felt there was an emerging Americanization of Canadians and Canadian culture due to the inability of Canadians to live outside of the hegemony of American liberal capitalism - and the technology that emanates from that system. He saw a trend occurring in Canada from one of nationalism to continentalism.
Grant suggested that the absorption of Canada into the United States was due in part to the idea of human progress as an inevitable force of a homogenizing nature, which occurs through the power of government, corporations, and technology. He notes that the idea of progress is often associated with improvement, that it is assumed that evolution will always be a positive change. He asserts that necessity and good are not the same thing and in his conclusion he ponders the good that can result from the erasure of boundaries between the two countries, such as increased access to material goods and more significantly the freedom offered by liberalism. Grant also argued that the media was used to enforce power structures rather than to convey factual data following the practice of empire.
Grant follows Diefenbaker's rise and fall noting that when his 1957 victory was due to his support by local businessmen who were threatened by large corporations, ironically, his later defeat would be due to the same reason, large corporations were offended by his opposition and concern with the people.
Critical reception
Described as one of the seminal works of Canadian political thought, it discusses the influence of the United States via liberalism and technology on Canada - which Grant argued was traditionally a less liberal and more traditionally conservative entity and culture. Grant argued that Canada was doomed as a nation as was illustrated by the 1963 Bomarc Missile Program crisis. He predicted the end of Canadian nationalism, which for Grant meant a small-town, populist conception of Canada as a British North American alternative to American capitalism and empire, and a move towards continentalism.
In 1970, five years after the book was published, Grant admits it was written out of anger more than anything, yet also was a nostalgic reminiscence of the former uniqueness of Canada, because "Canada was once a nation with meaning and purpose".
References
1965 non-fiction books
Books about politics of Canada
Political science books
Philosophy books
Conservative media in Canada
Canada–United States relations
Books published by university presses
Canadian nationalism
The Practical Shooting Association of the Czech Republic, Czech Asociace Praktické Střelby České Republiky (APSČR), is the Czech association for practical shooting under the International Practical Shooting Confederation.
See also
IPSC Czech Handgun Championship
IPSC Czech Rifle Championship
IPSC Czech Shotgun Championship
External links
Official homepage of PSACR
References
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Practical Shooting
Sports organizations established in 1992
The New England Telephone and Telegraph Engineering Office is a historic commercial building at 47 Pleasant Street in Brockton, Massachusetts. Built in 1923, this Classical Revival building house support services for the main exchange of the local telephone company until about 1950, and has seen other commercial uses since then. It was listed on National Register of Historic Places in 2019 for its architecture, and the role the telephone company played in Brockton's 20th-century growth. It has more recently been converted to residential use.
Description and history
The former New England Telephone and Telegraph Engineering Office is located a short way west of North Main Street in downtown Brockton, on the north side of Pleasant Street. Compared to adjacent buildings, it is set comparatively far back from the street, with a parking lot in front. It is a brick building with two sections, a two-story section on the left and a single-story section on the right. The left section is divided into three bays, articulated by projecting brick piers. Each bay has two windows on the ground floor and a band of three windows on the second, except the leftmost bay, where the main building entrance is located. The right section is a tall single story, also with three bays, although these are of irregular size. The left bay has two pedestrian entrances, the center bay has a large two-panel garage door, and the right bay has a band of two sash windows.
The building was designed by Brockton architect Charles Olson, and was built in 1923 for the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company. It housed offices and other service facilities ancillary to the company's main exchange building, located a few blocks to the south. The right side housed offices, while the right side housed the company garage, and its cable yard was just to the north. By 1950, portions of the building were occupied by offices of the United Shoe Machine Company, and by 1958 it was occupied by a printer.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
References
Commercial blocks on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Brockton, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Commercial buildings completed in 1923
Neoclassical architecture in Massachusetts
Grand Prix of Sochi Mayor was a men's one-day cycle race, held in Russia in 2015. It was rated by the UCI as 1.2 and formed part of the 2015 UCI Europe Tour.
Winners
References
Cycle races in Russia
UCI Europe Tour races
Recurring sporting events established in 2015
2015 establishments in Russia
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2015
2015 disestablishments in Russia
Sports competitions in Sochi
Amyrmex golbachi is a rare Neotropical species of ant and the only known species in the genus Amyrmex. It is currently only known from males from the Amazon basin of Brazil and from northern Argentina.
Taxonomy
The genus was established by Kusnezov (1953) for four small male ants collected in the Tucumán region of Argentina. Kusnezov recognized a single species, Amyrmex golbachi, which he placed in the subfamily Dolichoderinae, while noting peculiar features of the wing venation and abdominal morphology that introduced some uncertainty about its affinities. Since its original description, Amyrmex has received scant attention from ant taxonomists. In his generic revision of the Dolichoderinae, Shattuck (1992) synonymized Amyrmex under Forelius. Cuezzo (2000) resurrected Amyrmex, pointing out various distinctive features of morphology that do not agree with any known males of Forelius.
Phylogenetic analyses by Ward & Brady (2009) placed Amyrmex as a sister genus to Leptanilloides and a member of the subfamily Leptanilloidinae (now Dorylinae), rather than the Dolichoderinae to which it had been previously assigned. This placement is also supported by morphological traits.
Distribution
The genus is currently only known from males from the Amazon basin of Brazil and from northern Argentina. No Amyrmex specimens have been reported besides the holotype, three paratypes, one additional series of males from the Kusnezov collection, and a collection of several males discovered from unidentified specimens in the Bohart Museum of Entomology, most of which were collected in malaise traps at a lowland rainforest site in Rondônia, Brazil, in 1991. The geographical distribution of Amyrmex suggests it might be a senior synonym of the sister genus Asphinctanilloides.
References
External links
Dorylinae
Monotypic ant genera
Hymenoptera of South America
The Cathars or Albigenses have been identified as proto-Protestant by people such as Jean Duvernoy and John Foxe among others. The debate over the relationship with Albigenses and Protestants has been a matter of theological interest and controversy in history. The comparison of Protestantism and Albigensianism was mainly important among French Protestants while German Protestants rarely discussed the Cathars. Affiliations with Catharism and Protestantism have been criticized by many historians.
John Foxe believed that the Albigenses were similar to reformed theology, he praised the Albigenses as martyrs. Today the Cathars are still seen as protestant precursors by some Baptists, particularly those who adhere to the theory of Baptist successionism.
Points of Comparison
What has appealed to some Protestants about the Albigenses was their rejection of transubstantiation, purgatory, crucifix, prayers for the dead, the invocation of saints and also that the Cathars held to the unique authority of scripture. Cathars also read the Bible in the vernacular languages and rejected most Catholic sacraments. The Cathars also denied infant baptism, as they felt that infants are not able to understand the meaning of baptism.
The Reformation also spread successfully in areas previously inhabited by Cathars, as an example Protestantism was successful in Toulouse, which was also a stronghold of Albigensianism. Jean Carbonnier used this as evidence of Cathars holding reformations ideas, he argued that "people living in Cévennes have held reformation views for several centuries".
Some have also attempted to link the Petrobrusians, who some see as Protestant forerunners and Cathars, due to both groups sharing iconoclasm, credobaptism and the denial of transusbtantiation, however such views have been criticized by many historians.
Dualism
Protestants who have attempted to claim Cathars as their precursors have historically denied any charges of dualism on the Cathars as simply hostile claims. The Cathar views on dualism were against both Roman Catholic and Protestant teachings. Protestant historians such as Jacques Basnage, Mosheim and Shroeck have insisted that the charges of dualism and docetism were not authentic, only hostile claims, with such arguments being criticized by Charles Schmidt.
Arguments against Catharic dualism were the following: there were possibly other neo-Manichean dualists in the Middle Ages, but they were not Cathars, that it was a misinterpration of their theology because they denied religious hierarchy set by man or that the accusation of their dualism was merely a hostile false claim. However each argument has been called "unconvincing."
See also
Proto-Protestantism
Foxe's Book of Martyrs
References
Catharism
Comparative religion
Protestantism
Raymond Edward McElroy (born July 31, 1972) is a former professional American football cornerback who played for six seasons for the Indianapolis Colts, the Chicago Bears, and the Detroit Lions in the National Football League. Attended Proviso West High School from 1987–1990. Ray now works to share his story and experiences around the country.
Ray recently appeared on the MTV show "Made" as a personal football coach for a choirboy hoping to improve his relationship with his football-obsessed father. "Original Air Date: 01-26-11"
References
1972 births
Living people
People from Bellwood, Illinois
Sportspeople from Cook County, Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
American football cornerbacks
Eastern Illinois Panthers football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Chicago Bears players
Detroit Lions players
The Thornhill power station generated and supplied electricity to the town of Dewsbury and the wider regional area from 1902 to 1982, and again from 1998. The first generating station on the site was owned and operated by the Yorkshire Electric Power Company. Following nationalisation of the British electricity supply industry in 1948 Thornhill power station was operated by a succession of state owned bodies. The power station was redeveloped with new plant in 1915, 1925, 1932–37 and 1950–54. The coal-fired steam station was decommissioned in 1982, and was subsequently demolished. A gas turbine power station on the site was commissioned in 1998.
History
The Yorkshire Electric Power Company was established under the provisions of Yorkshire Electric Power Act 1901 (1 Edw. 7 c. cxvi). A power station was built at Thornhill (53°40'38"N 1°39'17"W) on a site adjacent to the River Calder. The river provided water for cooling and condensing steam. It was also adjacent to a railway line which facilitated the delivery of coal via the power station's sidings. The station first generated electricity in 1902, and had a generating capacity of 4.5 MW. As demand for electricity increased so new plant was installed. In 1915 two 6 MW generating machines were added together with a new boiler house. Then in 1925 two 12.5 MW turbo-alternators were commissioned together with a third boiler house. Further boilers and two 30 MW turbo-alternators were commissioned in 1932–37. The final configuration of the steam station was achieved in 1950-54 with the addition of eight boilers and three 45 MW turbo-alternator sets. At the end of its operational life in 1982 Thornhill power station had a declared generating capacity of 135 MW.
The Yorkshire Electric Power Company also owned Barugh power station, Ferrybridge ‘A' power station and Mexborough power station.
Equipment specification
When it was first commissioned in 1902 the plant at Thornhill comprised:
4 × Babcock & Wilcox coal-fired water tube boilers, operating at 150 psi and 466°F (10.3 bar and 241°C), these fed steam to:
3 × 1.5 MW British Thomson-Houston vertical turbo-alternators, generating current at 11 kV, 50 Hz.
The plant in 1923 comprised:
Boilers delivering a total of 447,000 lb/h (56.3 kg/s) of steam to:
Turbo-alternators:
3 × 1,500 kW British Thomson-Houston turbo-alternators (installed 1902),
1 × 3,000 kW turbo-alternator,
2 × 6,000 kW British Thomson-Houston turbo-alternators (installed 1915).
New plant was installed in 1932–37, this comprised:
8 × Stirling 90,000 lb/h (11.33 kg/s) boilers operating at 450 psi and 780°F (31.0 bar and 416°C). With Bailey furnaces with International Combustion chain grate stokers, these supplied steam to:
2 × 30 MW English Electric turbo-alternators generating at 10.5 kV.
Under the British Electricity Authority new plant was installed in 1950–1954, this comprised:
8 × Mitchell 200,000 lb/h (25.2 kg/s) boilers operating at 450 psi and 885°F (31.0 bar and 471°C), with TG stokers, these supplied steam to:
3 × 45 MW English Electric turbo-alternators generating at 10.5 kV,
The plant installed in 1932–37 and 1950–54 represents the final configuration of Thornhill power station.
The total steam raising capability was 2,320,000 lb/h (292.3 kg/s).
The total installed generating capacity was 195 MW, and the output capacity was 186 MW.
Condensing water was drawn from the River Calder. There were two concrete cooling towers each with a capacity of 3 million gallons per hour (3.79 m3/s).
Thornhill 132 kV substation, north of the power station site, is a major connecting site with 132kV lines to/from Wakefield, Huddersfield, Birkenshaw, Elland and Norristhorpe.
Operations
Operating data 1921–23
The operating data for the period 1921–23 is shown in the table:
The data shows that there was considerable growth in demand and use of electricity.
Under the terms of the Electricity (Supply) Act 1926 (16-17 Geo. 5 c. 51) the Central Electricity Board (CEB) was established in 1926. The CEB identified high efficiency ‘selected' power stations that would supply electricity most effectively; Thornhill was designated a selected station. The CEB also constructed the national grid (1927–33) to connect power stations within a region, there is a 132 kV substation at Thornhill.
Operating data 1946
Thornhill power station operating data, 1946 is given below.
The British electricity supply industry was nationalised in 1948 under the provisions of the Electricity Act 1947 (10-11 Geo. 6 c. 54). The Yorkshire Electric Power Company was abolished, ownership of Thornhill power station was vested in the British Electricity Authority, and subsequently the Central Electricity Authority and the Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB). At the same time the electricity distribution and sales responsibilities of the Yorkshire Electric Power Company were transferred to the Yorkshire Electricity Board (YEB).
Operating data 1954–82
Operating data for the period 1954–82 is shown in the table:
Thornhill steam power station was decommissioned on 1 November 1982. It was subsequently demolished.
Gas turbine station
Thornhill combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power station was commissioned in 1998. It is owned and operated by E.ON UK Cogeneration Limited. It comprises a single natural gas fired gas turbine with an associated heat recovery boiler, a single steam turbine, an electrical generator and a steam condensing and cooling system. The latter uses water from the River Calder in a once through cooling system which discharges back to the river. The exhaust gases are discharged to atmosphere through 30 m tall stack.
The station has a net thermal input of 106 MWth and provides an electrical output of 50 MWe in combined mode. It can also operate as an open cycle gas turbine (OCGT).
See also
Timeline of the UK electricity supply industry
List of power stations in England
References
Coal-fired power stations in England
Demolished power stations in the United Kingdom
Former power stations in England
Nadia Sminate (born 29 December 1981 in Bonheiden) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1981 births
People from Bonheiden
Belgian people of Moroccan descent
Vrije Universiteit Brussel alumni
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Patrick Michael Edwards (born October 25, 1988) is a former wide receiver in American football.
Early years
Edwards was born in Temple, Texas to Patrick Dixon and Patricia Edwards. He was raised in Hearne, Texas where he attended Hearne High School. There, he played baseball, basketball, and football and competed in track and field. In basketball, Edwards was named an All-Region and All-District player, and, in baseball, he was named an All-District player. He played football as a wide receiver, and earned first-team All-State, All-District, and All-Brazos Valley honors.
He was recruited by Baylor, Henderson State, and Houston. He chose the latter, as he had long ambitions to attend the school.
College career
Edwards did not secure a scholarship, but impressed the Cougars' coaches enough in try-outs to earn a walk-on position. He sat out the 2007 season as a redshirt.
He entered the season as a starter at a wide receiver position. During the first eight games of the season, Edwards recorded 46 receptions for 634 receiving yards and four touchdowns. He compiled 100-plus yard games against Oklahoma State, East Carolina, and Southern Methodist. Against UAB, he tallied a season-long 70-yard reception.
For their eighth game of the season, Houston traveled to meet Marshall. The Thundering Herd scored first with a field goal, and never relinquished the lead. In the third quarter, Houston quarterback Blake Joseph threw a long pass into the Marshall end zone. His intended receiver, Edwards, in pursuit of the pass, ran out of the back of the end zone. Just beyond the boundary, he collided with a cart. Running at full speed, Edwards' right leg impacted the object and he flipped over due to the momentum. He suffered a compound fracture of the leg. The cart was one of several that were parked just outside the field's boundary and held equipment for the Marshall band.
Houston athletic director Dave Maggard declined to comment substantively about the situation, but confirmed he would discuss the matter with Marshall officials. Edwards himself considered the burden of responsibility to be with the Conference USA officiating crew, rather than Marshall. Shortly after the incident, he said from the hospital, "They are supposed to check and see if everything is off the field."
On March 30, 2009, Edwards announced that he would return to play the 2009 season and that he intended to pursue legal action against Marshall for his injury.
He still had an extremely productive college stay, racking up 4507 yards and 43 touchdowns on 291 receptions.
In Houston's 73-34 win against the Rice Owls on October 27, 2011, Edwards had 7 receptions for 318 yards and 5 touchdowns. Edwards was named the Conference USA Offensive Player of the Year for the 2011 season.
College statistics
Professional career
Edwards signed with the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent and made the 2013 team roster. He was cut by the Lions on October 14, but was signed to the Lions' practice squad two days later. He was released during Detroit's final cuts in 2014. Later in the 2014 season he was re-signed to the practice squad but was released before the season ended.
See also
2008 Houston Cougars football team
2009 Houston Cougars football team
2010 Houston Cougars football team
2011 Houston Cougars football team
List of NCAA major college football yearly receiving leaders
List of NCAA Division I FBS career receiving touchdowns leaders
References
Living people
1988 births
Players of American football from Texas
People from Temple, Texas
American football wide receivers
Houston Cougars football players
Detroit Lions players
People from Hearne, Texas
The Rigby Group is the parent company of several privately owned businesses operating across Europe, the Middle East and North Africa.
In 2013 the company was ranked 13th in the Sunday Times' Top Track 100 listing of the UK's fastest growing private enterprises.
Activities
Rigby Group has six key divisions: Technology (Peter Rigby founded SCC, Specialist Computer Centres, in 1975), Airports, Real Estate, Finance, Hotels, and Aviation.
Allect is an international design group. It is the stable for Rigby Group's design and delivery business. The Allect design group comprises founding member Rigby & Rigby, Helen Green Design (acquired in 2017), and Lawson Robb (acquired in 2018).
Finance
Nuvias is a specialist value added distribution business, Focused on four principal areas of activity: advanced networking, cybersecurity, unified communications (UC) and cloud. Nuvias' customers are service providers, value added resellers (VARs) and specialist solution providers.
References
Companies based in Birmingham, West Midlands
The Swaminarayan Mandir, New Jersey (Colonia) is a Swaminarayan temple that comes under ISSO (Nar Narayan Dev Gadi of the Swaminarayan Sampraday), located in the Colonia section of Woodbridge Township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. It was officially inaugurated by Acharya Maharajshree Koshalendraprasad Pande on the 4th of September 2005.
History
This temple replaced Temple Ohev Shalom, once a Jewish place of worship which was closed due to a dwindling population of Jews in the area. Originally slated to become a residential complex after the closure of the Jewish temple, the temple administration came to an agreement with the builder to build this temple with the support of the town residents.
The four walls of the main interior room and the concrete slab of the floor are the only things that remained unchanged; everything else was refurbished to make way for the new temple, which was completed through a combination of volunteers and paid workers. The dome above the temple was constructed by the builder who created it from a photograph. When the temple opened, there was a week of ceremonies, involving recital of scriptures. This culminated with the inauguration on the 4th of September, 2005, which was witnessed by people from around the world.
The temple is the first and only Swaminarayan temple outside India to have the twin form of Nar Narayan as central deities. It is also one of the first in the US to have domes (or shikhars). The image of Nar Narayan is a replica of that installed by Swaminarayan at the world's first Swaminarayan temple in Ahmedabad. It was the eighth Swaminarayan temple to be built in the USA. There are twenty temples in the US as of 2009.
Gallery
References
External links
Official Ahmedabad Gadi website
Swaminarayan temples
Hindu temples in New Jersey
Religious buildings and structures completed in 2005
Woodbridge Township, New Jersey
2005 establishments in New Jersey
Indian-American culture in New Jersey
Asian-American culture in New Jersey
Buildings and structures in Middlesex County, New Jersey
James Raymond Lawson (January 15, 1915 – December 21, 1996) was an American physicist and university administrator. He was the president of Fisk University, a historically black university in Nashville, Tennessee, from 1967 to 1975.
Early life
James Raymond Lawson was born on January 15, 1915 in Louisville, Kentucky. His father, Daniel LaMont Lawson, was a Fisk alumnus, Fisk Jubilee Singer and an academic dean at Simmons College.
Lawson attended Fisk University, where he conducted research in the field of infrared spectroscopy under the mentorship of Elmer S. Imes. He was a member of the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity and was elected to the academic honor society Phi Beta Kappa. He was the first student to graduate from Fisk with a bachelor's degree in Physics, doing so in 1935. He attended the University of Michigan on a Rosenwald Fellowship, where he earned a PhD in Physics in 1939.
Career
Lawson was an assistant professor of physics at Southern University from 1939 to 1940, and an associate professor at Langston University from 1940 to 1942. He became an associate professor and chair of the physics department at his alma mater, Fisk University, in 1942. There, he established the Fisk Infrared Research Laboratory and, together with fellow physicist Nelson Fuson, began the Fisk Infrared Spectroscopy Institute in 1950.
The graduate students that Lawson mentored at Fisk presented their research at conferences of the American Physical Society and American Chemical Society, effectively integrating them.
From 1955 to 1957, he was the chair of the physics department at Tennessee A & I University, later known as Tennessee State University. He became a full professor and chair of the physics department at Fisk University in 1957, and the vice president from 1966 to 1967.
Lawson was the president of Fisk University from 1967 to 1975. He was the first alumnus to serve as president. Under his leadership, Fisk saw its highest number of enrolled students. Fisk's predominantly white donor base had been declining since the early 1960s, before Lawson's presidency, when many students participated in nonviolent civil rights demonstrations. As many students joined or were influenced by the Black Power movement during the late 1960s, donor support dwindled further, leading to "salary cuts of twenty percent and operational budget cuts of twenty-five percent". Fisk's endowment went from $10 million to $4 million. Lawson resigned due to "severe decreases in faculty, staff and student enrollment". However, his obituary in The Tennessean said he resigned "for health reasons".
Lawson subsequently worked for the Energy Research and Development Administration and NASA in Washington, D.C. He also served on the board of the Oak Ridge Associated Universities, and he was a member of the American Institute of Physics, the American Association of Physics Teachers, and the American Physical Society.
Lawson was awarded an honorary Ph.D. from Fisk University in May 1996, and was offered a place to live on campus during the last few months of his life.
Death
Lawson married Lillian Arcaeneaux; they had two sons and two daughters. He resided in Nashville, where he died on December 21, 1996, at age 81. His funeral was held at the Holy Trinity Episcopal Church.
References
1915 births
1996 deaths
People from Louisville, Kentucky
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Fisk University alumni
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
Southern University faculty
Langston University faculty
Tennessee State University faculty
Presidents of Fisk University
NASA people
20th-century American physicists
20th-century African-American scientists
"Downtown" is the third single from electropop band Kids of 88 off their debut album Sugarpills. This song was released digitally through the New Zealand iTunes Store on 19 July 2010.
History
The single received much airplay on New Zealand radio station The Edge. The song was released digitally on 19 July 2010.
Music video
The music video premiered on C4, Monday 2 August 2010. It features Kids of 88 in front of a green screen with many different background and effects.
Charts
References
2010 singles
Kids of 88 songs
Songs written by Joel Little
2010 songs
Songs written by Sam McCarthy
Sleep on the Wing is the tenth EP by the musician Bibio.
Reception
Sleep on the Wing received an average of 70/100 based on five reviews on the aggregator Metacritic, indicating generally favourable reviews. AllMusic called it "quintessentially Bibio, and spending more time with it is a joy."
Track listing
References
Bibio albums
2020 EPs
Warp (record label) EPs
Pamela L. Gay (born December 12, 1973) is an American astronomer, educator, podcaster, and writer, best known for her work in astronomical podcasting and citizen science astronomy projects. She is a senior education and communication specialist and senior scientist for the Planetary Science Institute. Her research interests include analysis of astronomy data, as well as examination of the impact of citizen science initiatives. Gay has also appeared as herself in various television documentary series.
Gay takes part in science popularization efforts and educational outreach as director of CosmoQuest, a citizen science project aimed at engaging the public in astronomy research, speaking on science and scientific skepticism topics internationally, and through educational podcasting.
Early life and career
Gay was born in California and later moved to Westford, Massachusetts, where she attended Westford Academy. Gay received a BS degree in Astrophysics from Michigan State University in 1996 and a PhD in astronomy from the University of Texas, Austin, in 2002. She is a senior education and communication specialist and senior scientist for the Planetary Science Institute. Previously, Gay was the director of technology and citizen science for the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, and prior to that, an assistant research professor in the STEM center at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. Gay was on the council (board of directors) for the American Association of Variable Star Observers, as well as its educational committee chair.
Gay was co-chair of the United States new media efforts with regard to the International Year of Astronomy, 2009.
Research
Gay's research interests focus primarily on motivating science engagement with media and citizen scientists, as well as data analysis and visualization to engage the public as partners in the analysis of large data sets. Other research interests include RR Lyrae stars with which she collaborates with both professional and amateur astronomers across the world to gather needed data.
While Gay is known for her citizen science and educational outreach work, much of her research has been in galactic astronomy. Gay's work with David Lambert provided confirmation that magnesium (Mg) isotopes are primarily a product of nucleosynthesis in massive stars, and demonstrated that some stars with known "anomalous or peculiar composition are also marked by distinctive isotopic Mg abundances." Gay and Lambert's results have been further cited in research of properties of the fine-structure constant using absorption systems in the spectra of distant quasars.
Gay's work on communication of astronomy has investigated educational trends involving the use of podcasting, using the Slacker Astronomy podcast as a case study. Researchers at the University of Sydney, Australia cited the study, examining podcasting as a means of supporting instruction, leveraging its advantages against student time constraints and potential bandwidth limitations.
Gay's work on Exploring the Motivations of Citizen Science Volunteers examined the Zooniverse project, which developed from the Galaxy Zoo initiative, which started in 2007. Researchers citing this study concluded that "[p]ublic response was extremely positive," garnering over 60 million classifications.
CosmoQuest
Gay is the Project Director for the citizen science project CosmoQuest. The project is partnered with NASA missions, including NASA's Dawn, the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO), MESSENGER, and Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) teams, to "build a series of projects that map the surfaces of rocky worlds and explore the atmospheres of planets and small bodies the solar system over."
The project provides an interface for users to assist in identification, mapping and characterization of surface features using visual data provided by NASA missions. Crater counting is described as "a valuable exercise, but it's hard to automate." Surface features, such as the size and degradation of craters, are identified by individual users and submitted back to the project, where they are collected alongside the contributions of other citizen scientists. CosmoQuest projects have included Planet Mappers, Moon Mappers, Asteroid Mappers, and a future project, Planet Investigators. A mobile application is available as part of the Moon Mappers project, Moon Mappers Crater Decay.
CosmoQuest has also provided workshops for educators as well as online astronomy course curricula.
Educational outreach
Gay takes part in astronomy popularization activities and advocates collaboration "to create a community of science within the public." She is a regular astronomy participant in the Virtual Star Party, a weekly video cast featuring professional and amateur astronomers, which was featured in a documentary by Google released at the company's I/O keynote address in San Francisco in June 2012.
Gay also participates in scientific skepticism outreach. In 2011, she was a speaker at The Amaz!ng Meeting (TAM) in Las Vegas, Nevada and participated in a panel alongside Bill Nye, Neil deGrasse Tyson, and others entitled "Our Future in Space," which discussed and debated the role of humans and technology in upcoming space exploration.
At TAM 2012, Gay was a main program speaker, in which she advocated for positive action at the level of the individual to effect solutions to discrimination issues and to seize opportunities to promote scientific collaboration. Gay has also written about her experience regarding gender bias in the field of science and academia.
Gay has been an astronomy speaker at DragonCon in Atlanta, Georgia in 2012 and 2013, where she presented on multiverses, as well as on the "Limits of Skepticism" as part of a panel discussion with Margaret Downey, Tim Farley, Debbie Goddard, D.J. Grothe, and Massimo Pigliucci.
Podcasting
Gay co-hosts the Astronomy Cast podcast, an educational program which debuted in September 2006, with Fraser Cain. The show covers a variety of topics, including the solar system, cosmology, black holes, and misconceptions about astronomy, and attempts to share "not only what we know, but how we know what we know," according to Cain.
Gay was one of the cofounders of Slacker Astronomy, and was an "on air" personality for the show from February 2005 until the end of its first iteration in September 2006.
In 2008, Gay initiated brainstorming via e-mail on possible "new media" programs for 2009, the International Year of Astronomy (IYA). The discussion included Michael Koppelman from Slacker Astronomy, Phil Plait of Bad Astronomy, and others involved in the IYA, and resulted in the 365 Days Of Astronomy podcast. The podcast was to publish one episode per day over the entire year of 2009 and was originally planned to only run for that year. One of the cornerstones of the IYA was to make astronomy affordable and accessible to everyone in America. To do this 50-power telescopes called Galileoscopes were available for purchase online for only $10 each. "You can actually see the rings of Saturn," exclaims Gay. She was also involved in the New Media Task Group, "We need to communicate all these ideas and get people who don't want to go outside involved online," says Gay.
Since 2009, Gay has been a judge for the Parsec Awards, a set of annual awards created to recognize excellence in science fiction podcasts and podcast novels.
Awards and honors
American Humanist Association's 2019 Isaac Asimov Science Award.
Sigma Xi Researcher of the Year Award for Southern Illinois University Edwardsville – 2012
Outstanding Science Educator of the Year Award, The Academy of Science – St. Louis – 2012
"Best Infotainment" Parsec Award for Astronomy Cast – Finalist 2007 – 2009, 2011 – 2012
"Best Infotainment" Parsec Award for 365 Days of Astronomy – Finalist 2010 – 2012, Winner 2009
Personal life
Gay lives in southern Illinois with her husband and is also an avid equestrian.
Born in California, Gay has stated that one early source of inspiration came while living in California was "getting to see contrails of the space shuttle as it came to land at Edwards Air Force Base," as well as watching television images from the Voyager missions passing Jupiter in 1979 at age five.
While she was in the second grade, Gay moved with her parents to Westford, Massachusetts, which she describes as a "fairly small town," advantageous for its rural location with dark skies. The town is also home to Haystack Observatory, where she worked during her senior year of high school.
Media appearances
Gay has appeared as herself in various episodes of television series documentaries.
References
External links
Astronomy Cast
CosmoQuest
Star Stryder Blog
Slacker Astronomy
American women astronomers
1973 births
Living people
Science bloggers
American women bloggers
American bloggers
American women podcasters
American podcasters
American skeptics
20th-century American astronomers
21st-century American astronomers
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American women scientists
21st-century American women writers
Sphinctomyrmex marcoyi is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Dorylinae. It is the only Sphinctomyrmex species recorded in the Amazon Forest. Gynes and males are unknown.
Description
S. marcoyi is known only from the holotype, a worker collected from a soil sample. Nothing is known about its biology. S. marcoyi can be easily separated from other species in the genus by its comparatively diminutive size, conspicuously elongate head, comparatively short scapes, and by the presence of a smooth longitudinal stripe on the dorsum of mesosoma, which is otherwise covered by foveolae and subdecumbent to erect hairs.
References
Dorylinae
Insects described in 2011
Hymenoptera of South America
The Nuttallburg Coal Mining Complex and Town Historic District is located near Winona, West Virginia in New River Gorge National Park and Preserve. The townsite is almost directly across from the Kay Moor mine and townsite, now abandoned. Like Kay Moor, the town is built around the railroad line at the bottom of the gorge, with an array of coke ovens and mining structures, as well as a bridge across the New River to South Nuttall.
Nuttallburg was closely associated with the Nuttallburg underground mine, a room and pillar mine that was sealed in 1958. The mine was established to develop the New River Coalfield in 1870 by John Nuttall, who correctly anticipated that the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad would be built through the New River Gorge. When the railroad arrived in 1873 Nuttall had built almost 100 houses, with 80 coke ovens, a variety of mine structures and a coal tipple on a railroad siding.
Flat land by the river was dedicated to railroad and industrial use, leaving houses to seek perches on the hillsides. The town was racially segregated with white workers on the west side of Short Creek and black workers on the east side and between the railroad and the river. Because development stretched along both banks of the river, a pedestrian suspension bridge was built across the river by the Roebling Bridge Company in 1899.
The mines in the area were acquired by the Fordson Coal Company in the 1920s as "captive mines" to supply coal to the Ford Motor Company's River Rouge plant in Dearborn, Michigan. Ford updated many of the mines' facilities at that time. However, Fordson sold the mine to the New River Coal Corporation in 1928, possibly because railroad regulations made coal transport to Michigan too difficult.
Most of the frame structures in Nuttallburg have succumbed to weather or have been salvaged for building materials. The National Park Service acquired the town, mining complex and surrounding area from the Nuttall Estate in 1998 and incorporated it into New River Gorge National River.
References
External links
Nuttallburg, West Virginia at Abandoned
Nuttallburg, West Virginia at Coal Camp USA
All of the following are filed under north side of New River, 2.7 miles upstream from Fayette Landing, Lookout, Fayette County, WV:
Coal towns in West Virginia
Coal mines in the United States
National Coal Heritage Area
New River Coalfield
National Register of Historic Places in New River Gorge National Park and Preserve
Buildings and structures in Fayette County, West Virginia
Ghost towns in West Virginia
Historic districts in Fayette County, West Virginia
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Energy infrastructure on the National Register of Historic Places
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fayette County, West Virginia
Populated places on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Tourist attractions in Fayette County, West Virginia
Historic American Engineering Record in West Virginia
Coal mining in Appalachia
1873 establishments in West Virginia
Robert James Campbell Stead (4 September 1880 – 25 June 1959) was a Canadian novelist.
Stead was born at Middleville, Ontario. The family homesteaded at Cartwright, Manitoba in 1882. He began a weekly newspaper in Cartwright in 1899, at the age of 18 years. His first book, The Empire Builders and Other Poems was published in 1908 and for the next 23 years, until 1931, he continued a steady flow of novels, short stories and books of verse, which enriched the portraiture of Canadian prairie life. As described by Terrence Craig, "In his early poetry, such as The Empire Builders and Other Poems (1908), Stead mixed with styles of Service and Kipling to produce a virulently nationalist concept of Canada and Canadians. This strain was continued when he turned to novels in 1914, and wartime tensions seemed to exacerbate his prejudices. His postwar novels are calmer, more tolerant and less romantic than his first work...".
For a significant period, Stead worked in the immigration department of the Canadian Pacific Railway in Calgary, where he produced "reams of rose-hued prose extolling the clean, healthy vigour of life in the open spaces—spaces opened courtesy of the CPR and available at good prices. On his own time, he writes in the same vein...", and became one of Canada's best-known authors.
Stead is best known for his novel Grain (1926). The novel Dry Water, which he wrote in the early 1930s but was unable to find a publisher for, due to the Depression of the times, was published by University of Ottawa Press in 2008.
Stead died in Ottawa.
Works
The Empire Builders And Other Poems, (1908)
Prairie Born And Other Poems, (1911)
Songs Of The Prairie, (1911)
The Bail Jumper, (1914)
The Homesteaders: A Novel Of The Canadian West, (1916)
Kitchener And Other Poems, (1917)
The Cow Puncher, (1918)
Why Don't They Cheer?, (1918)
Dennison Grant: A Novel Of To-day, (1920)
Neighbours, (1922)
The Smoking Flax, (1924)
Zen Of The YD, (1925)
Grain, (1926)
The Copper Disc, (1931)
Words, (1945)
The Maple's Praise Of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, 1882-1945, (1945)
Dry Water: A Novel Of Western Canada [edited by Prem VARMA] (1983)
Source:
References
External links
1880 births
1957 deaths
Canadian male novelists
People from Pembina Valley Region, Manitoba
20th-century Canadian novelists
20th-century Canadian male writers
Writers from Manitoba
Prenylthiol or 3-methyl-2-butene-1-thiol is a chemical compound. It is one of a group of chemicals that give cannabis its characteristic "skunk-like" aroma. It is also present in lightstruck or "skunky" beer.
References
Thiols
Borowo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 19.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Settlement council can refer to:
Selsoviet, the lowest level of administrative division in rural areas in the Soviet Union
Settlement council (Ukraine), a local government area for urban-type settlements in Ukraine
Raja Shrimant Venkatarao Ramchandrarao Ghorpade (10 July 1892 – 24 July 1927) was the ruler of the princely state of Sandur from 1892 to 1927. The state was administered by a council of regency till 1913 when he was invested with full ruling powers. Venkata Rao was a recipient of the 1903 Delhi Durbar and 1911 Delhi Durbar medals. On his death in 1927 and in the absence of a male heir, Venkata Rao was succeeded as ruler by his cousin Yeshwantrao Ghorpade.
1892 births
1927 deaths
Indian monarchs
Peter Bircumshaw (29 August 1938 – June 2017) was a footballer who played as a left winger in the Football League for Notts County, Bradford City and Stockport County.
Bircumshaw started his professional career with Notts County, where he scored 40 goals in 72 league games before he moved to Bradford City in 1962. He spent just one season at Valley Parade, but he finished as the club's joint top goal-scorer with seven league goals and four in the FA Cup, including a hat-trick in a 5–2 win over Oldham Athletic. He joined Stockport County before he moved into non-league football with Cambridge City. He was with Cambridge City from February 1964 to January 1965.
Bircumshaw's brother Tony also played professional football.
References
External links
1938 births
2017 deaths
Sportspeople from Mansfield
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Notts County F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
Cambridge City F.C. players
English Football League players
Rise of Prussia is a grand strategy wargame developed by AGEOD and published by Paradox Interactive. It was announced on April 24, 2009 and was released on March 9, 2010. The game covers the European campaigns of the Seven Years' War (1756–1763).
A remastered version of the game, Rise of Prussia Gold, released on May 8, 2013. This edition featured fixes and improvements to the original game while adding three new scenarios that expand the length of the game.
Gameplay
Rise of Prussia features 200 leaders with individual portraits and 300 units. Players have the option to select from two sides. There is Prussia and its allies led by Frederick II and opposing them are Austria and its allies. Each leader has their own individual abilities that will provide bonuses to their units. For example, Frederick II has movement bonuses that makes his troops move significantly faster than that of other generals. There are 20 scenarios the player can choose from. 12 of these are battle scenarios centered on key battles, 7 spans each year of the war, and the final Grand Campaign scenario spans the entire conflict. The map covers all of Germany and surrounding vicinity, with over 1,000 different regions.
Reception
Rise of Prussia received mixed to negative reviews upon release. On Metacritic, the game holds a score of 54/100 based on 6 reviews.
References
External links
Game page
2010 video games
Computer wargames
Government simulation video games
Grand strategy video games
Paradox Interactive games
Turn-based strategy video games
Video games developed in France
Video games set in Germany
Video games with historical settings
Video games set in the 18th century
Windows games
Windows-only games
AGEod games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Jean Desclaux (1922 – 24 March 2006) was a French rugby union player and coach who played for US Dax as flanker.
Born in 1922 in Dax, he played and coached club rugby for US Dax only; as a player he served the club from 1947 to 1959 and represented France Eight times.
As coach he managed US Dax from 1959 to 1973 winning two French Cups and joining the French Championship's final four times.
In 1973 Desclaux was appointed manager of the French national team, which he led to the victory in two Six Nations Championships, in 1973 and in 1977 (the latter achieving the Grand Slam).
Another achievement was the victory in Auckland the 14 July 1979, the first ever against the All Blacks on their home field.
Once he got back to the US Dax in 1980 he went on coaching that club until 1994, winning the French Cup again in 1982.
After definitive retirement he was appointed President of US Dax.
He died in Dax on 24 March 2006 after a long illness.
References
External links
Desclaux mourned by French rugby, BBC.co.uk, 24 March 2006
1922 births
2006 deaths
People from Dax, Landes
French rugby union players
French rugby union coaches
France national rugby union team coaches
Sportspeople from Landes (department)
US Dax coaches
US Dax players
US Dax executives
hawk-i is a medical insurance program run by the U.S. state of Iowa. It provides health care coverage for low-income children of citizens and qualified aliens. It is designed to supplement Medicaid by covering children whose family's income is above the Medicaid limit but below the hawk-i limit.
External links
Official website
Maximus (3rd party administrative contractor) page
Medicare and Medicaid (United States)
Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel (18 October 1850 – 16 March 1913) was a French painter and illustrator best known for his watercolours for children's books. He was a major figure in nineteenth-century children's book illustration.
Early life and education
Boutet de Monvel was born in Orléans, the second of nine children; his father, Benjamin Boutet de Monvel (1820–1880), was a physics and chemistry professor. His maternal grandfather was the tenor Adolphe Nourrit (1802–1839), and there were other artists in the family. He lived mainly in Paris as a child.
He began attending the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in early 1870. During the Franco-Prussian War, he served in the French army. With the return of peace, he began attending the Académie Julian, where he worked with Gustave Boulanger and Jules Lefèbvre, both major influences on his early work. He also worked with Carolus-Duran.
Paintings
In 1873 he exhibited for the first time at the Salon, showing a painting entitled Temptation. He won a bronze medal in 1878 for The Good Samaritan and a silver medal in 1880 for The Lesson Before the Sabbath.
Three trips to Algeria (1876, 1878, 1880) had a strong influence on his style as he responded to the quality of the light. He became a plein air painter and his palette shifted towards orange and blue as its base colors. In the Paris salon of 1880, he showed one of his Algerian paintings, On the High Plateaus.
In 1885, he exhibited The Rabble's Apotheosis, or the Triumph of Robert Macaire at an exhibition organized by the Society of French Artists. However, the painting's royalist theme so angered Edmond Turquet, then the Deputy Secretary of State for Fine Art, that it was removed just before the private viewing and moved to the premises of the newspaper Le Figaro.
He was an early member of the Society of French Watercolourists, which had recently been founded by Édouard Detaille. One of the first watercolours he sent to their exhibition was a portrait of a young woman in Renaissance clothing; its great success opened the door for a career as a portrait painter. His skill at capturing the moods of children gained him many commissions from upper middle class parents. He received so many commissions for portraits that at one time he contemplated giving up book illustration (see below).
Illustrations
In 1876, he married Jeanne Labaigue of Orléans, and their first child was born three years later. Their son Roger would become a writer, and their son Bernard would become a painter. The need to support his family pushed him into commercial illustration. In 1881, he illustrated a children's reader, and this opened further commissions to illustrate children's books. He also began contributing illustrations to the children's magazine St. Nicholas, continuing until 1890.
In 1895 he published an illustrated children's history of Joan of Arc that has been regarded as his masterpiece. The epic scenes for Joan of Arc show the influence of two late-medieval painters: Fra Angelico in the use of modeling and Paolo Uccello in the composition of battle scenes. Drawn with a strong line and clear, harmonious colors, his illustrations drew critical praise even though he himself was disappointed in the quality of the reproductions, which had been done by zincotype, a then-new photoengraving process. As one critic put it:
Boutet de Monvel's full-page illustrations have a nobility and grandeur akin to the great church frescoes of the Renaissance. Their pleasingly flat rendering combined with a sophisticated use of design elements...owe a debt to the Japanese prints so popular in the artist's day.
Joan of Arc was a huge success and brought him international recognition. In 1899, he participated in an exhibition organized by members of the Viennese Secession that focused on graphic art. That same year his work was shown in the United States at venues such as the Art Institute of Chicago, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia. He went to Chicago for that exhibition but fell ill with a recurrence of a bronchial ailment contracted during the Franco-Prussian war.
At the World's Fair of 1900, he received a gold medal for a panel entitled Joan at the Court of Chinon that was part of a commission for a new basilica in Donrémy. It was one of a set of five panels, but the other four were never finished, though a smaller-scale version was completed for senator William A. Clark, who donated it to the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington.
He died in Nemours in 1913. Not long afterwards, the Manzi et Joyant Gallery organised a retrospective of his work in Paris. Further retrospectives have followed, and a large traveling show was organized in the United States in 1987-88. Some of his work is held by museums.
Boutet de Monvel is still considered a master of the children's illustration genre for the originality of his work. His style has been praised for its lack of unnecessary detail, and it has been noted that his images provide "a revelation of a subject which the writer has treated only in a fragmentary and superficial manner." He has been ranked alongside Kate Greenaway and Randolph Caldecott as a leading figure of the 19th century's golden era of children's book illustration.
Selected books illustrated by de Monvel
Vielles chansons et rondes pour les petits enfants (Old Songs and Rounds for Little Children, 1883)
Chansons de France pour les petits français (Songs of France for French Children 1884)
Quand j'étais petit by Lucien Briart (When I Was Young, 1886)
La Farce de maître Pathelin (The Farce of Master Pathelin, 1887)
Nos enfants, scènes de la ville et des champs by Anatole France (Our Children: Scenes from the Country and the Town, 1887)
Fables de La Fontaine (Fables of La Fontaine, 1888)
Xavière by Ferdinand Fabre (1890)
Jeanne d'Arc (Joan of Arc, 1895)
In popular culture
Boutet de Monvel was a mentor of the Dutch illustrator Henriette Willebeek le Mair, who studied with him informally over a number of years.
In A Moveable Feast, Ernest Hemingway mentions Boutet de Monvel's Joan of Arc Illustrations, likening Alice B. Toklas' hair to that of Joan of Arc's hair.
Gallery
References
Further reading
Dowdes, William Howe (1900). "Boutet de Monvel." In: Twelve Great Artists. Boston: Little, Brown & Company, pp. 93–101.
Addade, Stéphane-Jacques. Bernard Boutet de Monvel. Éd. de l'Amateur, 2001.
External links
Pierre Bonnard, the Graphic Art, an exhibition catalog from the Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel (see index)
1851 births
1913 deaths
Artists from Orléans
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century male artists
French children's book illustrators
William J. Weinberg (born March 19, 1962) is an American political writer and radio personality based in New York City. He writes journalism focusing on the struggles of indigenous peoples, largely in Latin America, but he has also written on the Middle East and local New York issues. He is the co-editor of the on-line journal CounterVortex. The CounterVortex Family of Websites also includes Global Ganja Report. For twenty years he was the primary producer of a weekly late-night radio show on WBAI in New York, called The Moorish Orthodox Radio Crusade (founded in 1988 by Peter Lamborn Wilson, who is also known as Hakim Bey). He has won three awards from the Native American Journalists Association. His basic political orientation is left-anarchist.
His work has appeared in publications such as The Nation, Al Jazeera, New America Media, Newsday, The Village Voice, Middle East Policy, In These Times, The Ecologist, Earth Island Journal, NACLA Report on the Americas and his own CounterVortex.
Bill Weinberg is a co-founder of National Organization for the Iraqi Freedom Struggles.
Publications
Books
Authored
Edited
Avant Gardening: Ecological Struggle in the City and the World. Autonomedia. 1999. (co-edited with Peter Lamborn Wilson).
Articles
Radio shows
Source:
The Struggle in Peru II 29 September 2009, Bill Weinberg with a travelogue and update on the indigenous struggle in Peru.
Critical Mass Under Attack V July 29, 2008, Bill Times Up on the latest escalation against Critical Mass.
The Tompkins Square Riot: 20 Years Later 22 July 2008, Chris Flash, editor of the Lower East Side underground paper The Shadow, and Frank Morales, co-editor of the anthology Police State America.
From Darfur to Mauritania 19 September 2006, Mamadou Barry and Abdarahmane Wone of the African Liberation Forces of Mauritania (FLAM) transcript
Anti-Zionism & Jewish Liberation Ella Goldman, Guy Izhak Austrian, Ora Wise and Nirit Ben-Ali of Jews Against the Occupation (JATO) February 4,11 2003
References
External links
Bill Weinberg's web page at MySpace
CounterVortex (co-edited by Weinberg)
Living people
Writers from New York City
American anarchists
Libertarian socialists
American political writers
1962 births
Francis Longstreth Thompson, OBE (3 May 1890 – 19 March 1973) was a British town planner and writer.
He was born in Croydon, Surrey, and studied at University College, London, where he took a degree in engineering. In 1917 he published The Town Plan and the House, co-authored with Ernest G. Allen, showing the connection between housing design and site development. In 1923 he wrote Site Planning In Practice: an investigation of the principles of housing estate development, which laid down many of the principles adopted in identifying and developing suitable sites for housing. He worked with Thomas Adams on plans for the development of West Middlesex, co-authoring with Adams The West Middlesex Final Report in 1925. He set up his own town planning consultancy, and was President of the Town Planning Institute in 1932-33.
He died at Walmer, Kent, in 1973, aged 82. His son was the historian Francis Michael Longstreth Thompson.
References
1890 births
1973 deaths
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
British urban planners
Annopol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 176.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Neocheritra is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Neocheritra amrita (C. & R. Felder, 1860)
Neocheritra fabronia (Hewitson, 1878)
Neocheritra manata (Semper, 1890)
Neocheritra namoa de Nicéville, 1894
References
, 1882-1886. Rhopalocera Malayana. 16 + 481 pp., 41 pls. London.
, 1860 [1859]. Lepidopterologische Fragmenta. Parts 4 and 5. Wiener Entomologische Monatschrift. 4:225-251, 2 pls., 394-402, 2 pls.
, 1981: New Lycaenid Butterflies from the Philippines. Tyô to Ga 32 (1/2): 63-82. Abstract and full article: .
, 1978: Neue Lepidoptera von den Philippinen, 3. Entomologische Zeitschrift 88 (14): 149-161.
Iolaini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by William Lucas Distant
Dzhemikent (; , Cəmikənd) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,555 as of 2010. There are 27 streets.
Geography
Dzhemikent is located 30 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Druzhba and Berikey are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis and Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The Ingram Merrill Foundation was a private foundation established in the mid-1950s by poet James Merrill (1926-1995), using funds from his substantial family inheritance. Over the course of four decades, the foundation would provide financial support to hundreds of writers and artists, many of them in the early stages of promising but not yet remunerative careers. Dissolved in 1996 (a year after Merrill's death), the Ingram Merrill Foundation was at that point disbursing approximately $300,000 a year.
Support from the Ingram Merrill Foundation could be variously described as an "Award", a "Fellowship", a "Prize", or a "Grant". Recipients themselves often used these terms interchangeably, and it is unclear whether there was ever a meaningful distinction between them reflecting the degree or amount of financial support (stipends could vary widely among Ingram Merrill recipients). By reapplying, it was possible to win an Award more than once in a career; at least one writer received three separate grants, and The Little Players puppet troupe was subsidized largely by the foundation for over twenty years.
Although Merrill could lobby his own Board—not always with success—on behalf of writers and artists whose work and circumstances he felt particularly compelling, his interference in the grant-giving process was officially discouraged. This was by Merrill's own design: a measure of formal disengagement from his namesake foundation helped immunize him from "the friends of the friends" who might feel tempted to "put in a good word with Jimmy" on a pending application. In the event, Merrill could truthfully reply that decisions were out of his hands.
The Foundation supported specific public television programming in the early 1970s and gave occasional grants to arts organizations.
Recipients
Visual artists known to have received Ingram Merrill Foundation financial support include Edward Dugmore, Yvonne Jacquette, Gabriel Laderman, Eric Pankey, Patrick Webb, Jane Wilson, and Marcia Marcus.
Max Kozloff, a noted art historian, editor, and art critic, received an award. Jean Erdman, a dancer and choreographer, also received funding.
Composers known to have received Ingram Merrill funding include Bruce Saylor, Claudio Spies, and Charles Wuorinen.
Writers (including essayists, novelists, short story writers, translators, poets, and playwrights, among others) known to have received Ingram Merrill support include Walter Abish, Ellen Akins, Agha Shahid Ali, Dick Allen, Julia Alvarez, John Ash, John Ashbery, Russell Banks, Wendy Battin, Gina Berriault, Linda Bierds, Elizabeth Bishop, Thomas Bolt, David Bosworth, David Bottoms, Jane Bowles, Rosellen Brown, Victor Bumbalo, Frederick Busch, Ethan Canin, Turner Cassity, Henri Cole, Martha Collins, Jane Cooper, John Crowley, Deborah Digges, W. S. Di Piero, Mark Doty, Norman Dubie, Deborah Eisenberg, Tony Eprile, Kathy Fagan, Irving Feldman, Donald Finkel, Alice Fulton, James Galvin, Jorie Graham, Debora Greger, Allan Gurganus, Marilyn Hacker, Rachel Hadas, John Haines, Daniel Hall, Judith Hall, Jeffrey Harrison, Shelby Hearon, Oscar Hijuelos, Geoffrey Hill, Daryl Hine, David Hinton, Edward Hirsch, Daniel Hoffman, A. D. Hope, Maureen Howard, Andrew Hudgins, Wojciech Karpiński, Galway Kinnell, Karl Kirchwey, Peter Klappert, Caroline Knox, Ann Lauterbach, David Lehman, Brad Leithauser, Phillis Levin, Elizabeth Macklin, Thomas Mallon, Cormac McCarthy, Mary McCarthy, J. D. McClatchy, Joseph McElroy, Lynne McMahon, Sandra McPherson, Christopher Merrill, Judith Moffett, Ted Mooney, Carol Muske-Dukes, Josip Novakovich, Jacqueline Osherow, Molly Peacock, Walter Perrie, Robert Polito, Stanley Plumly, Jeremy Reed, Donald Revell, Michael J. Rosen, Mark Rudman, Kay Ryan, David St. John, Mary Jo Salter, Stephen Sandy, Sherod Santos, James Scully, David Shapiro, Robert Siegel, Charles Simic, Jeffrey Skinner, William Jay Smith, W. D. Snodgrass, Roberta Spear, Mark Strand, Christopher Tilghman, Tony Towle, Paul Violi, Alice Walker, Theodore Weiss, Rachel Wetzsteon, Edmund White, Elie Wiesel, Charles Wright, John Yau and Stephen Yenser, among others.
References
Arts foundations based in the United States
Organizations disestablished in 1996
Merrill family
Ann Mackay (born 21 March 1956) is an English soprano.
Biography
Ann Mackay was born in London, England. She studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf with whom she appeared at London's Wigmore Hall and elsewhere in Britain and Germany
Mackay was the recipient of numerous awards before and after attending the Guildhall School of Music and Drama including Greater London Council's "Outstanding Musician 1979", the Haydn Memorial Award and the National Federation of Music Societies Award for Young Concert Artists.
In 1981 Mackay won the Society of West End Theatre Award for Outstanding First Achievement in Opera (1981 Laurence Olivier Awards), presented to her by Joan Sutherland, for her portrayal of Stasi in The Gypsy Princess.
In 1981 Ann Mackay won the Concert Artists Guild of America Amcon Award following which she gave her New York debut at Carnegie Hall and toured the United States.
Mackay is a frequent performer at venues and festivals across Europe (including the Aldeburgh Festival, Cheltenham Music Festival, Three Choirs Festival), America and Australia (including performances at the Sydney Opera House) and has performed with numerous orchestras including the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra, Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra, BBC Symphony Orchestra, BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, English Chamber Orchestra, London Mozart Players, City of London Sinfonia, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra and others. She also has performed regularly on BBC radio and television.
In 1983 Mackay played Rose Trelawny in BBC Radio 4's 1983 production of Julian Slade's musical play Trelawny. In 1988 Mackay starred in Sadler's Wells Opera Company's four month West End run and UK tour of Noël Coward's Bitter Sweet (the first professional revival since its 1929 premiere). In 1989 Mackay sang in John Rutter's Requiem under the direction of the composer at the Three Choirs Festival in Hereford. In 1990 Mackay toured France, Italy, Spain and the UK with the European Community Chamber Orchestra as their Guest Singer of the Year In 1992 the Worshipful Company of Musicians elected Mackay a John Clementi Fellow, one of their most prestigious awards for a "professional musician of outstanding ability" for her study of the music of George Frideric Handel. Her subsequent Handel performances in the roles of Bernedice, Parthenope and Alcina with the Cambridge Handel Opera Group in the 1990s won her critical acclaim.
In addition to her Handel performances she is highly regarded for her singing of French repertoire and of Richard Strauss (The Daily Telegraph writing of her "naturally beautiful voice with an effortless top that made her an ideal interpreter of Strauss".) Mackay has worked with numerous artists in the field of classical music, including Willard White, Simon Rattle, Stephen Cleobury, Nicholas McGegan and Marisa Robles (who described Mackay's voice as "one of the most pure, musical and lovely voices I ever heard".)
Many composers have written music specifically for Mackay including the English composer and pianist Jack Gibbons, whose songs have been premiered by Mackay.)
Family
Ann Mackay has three daughters. Her eldest daughter is Hannah Mackay, the British television comedy producer of the BAFTA nominated series Peep Show, script editor of the Rose D'Or winning and BAFTA nominated series Toast of London, writer on BAFTA nominated CBBC sitcom Sadie J. and other shows.
Recordings
Mackay has recorded for the RPO, Decca, Erato, ASV, Meridian, and other companies, including, for Decca, Dixit Dominus (Handel) with the English Chamber Orchestra and the Choir of King's College, Cambridge conducted by Stephen Cleobury, for RPO Records Paul Patterson's Mass of the Sea with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Geoffrey Simon, for Erato Jean-Philippe Rameau's opera Naïs with the English Bach Festival Singers and English Bach Festival Baroque Orchestra conducted by Nicholas McGegan and, for ASV, an album of Handel with the European Community Chamber Orchestra conducted by Eivind Aadland. Other recordings include a series, for Meridian, with the English Piano Trio of Scottish folk song arrangements by Haydn and Beethoven. Mackay's 1984 album My Minstrel Love was chosen as Record of the Month by Hi-Fi News & Record Review.
References
External links
Ann Mackay BFI filmography
BBC artist page for Ann Mackay
1956 births
Living people
English sopranos
Alumni of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama
In the teachings of Rabbi Isaac Luria, it is said that there are many Liliths. Manasseh Matlub Sithon said "many Liliths and demons are abroad, and go up and down."
The greatest of these is the wife of Adam Qadmon, a being that God used as an avatar to create the Universe in all its ten or more dimensions, hence a multiverse.
Another, more demonic Lilith, known as the woman of whoredom, is found in the Zohar book 1:5a. She is Samael (Satan)'s feminine counterpart.
The Lilith that most are familiar with is the wife of Adam in the Alphabet of Ben Sira (8th to 10th centuries CE), known as Adam haRishon, "the first man", among kabbalists.
There are mixed views of Lilith in the Zohar. In one account she is Samael's counterpart and a mother of demons. In another she is seen seducing the fallen angels as Naamah; the angels Azza and Azazael after they challenge the Shekhinah (the feminine dwelling presence of God) over the creation of man. This is alluded in the Zohar book 1 :19a-b, 23a-b, 27a-b respectively. When Lilith and Naamah (another aspect of Lilith) were with Adam in his 130-year separation from Eve after the fall, they had daughters born from their union. These were the nashiym, the liliyot(F), the liloth spirits who were the ones who seduced the Watchers. These daughters along with Lilith and Naamah are restored to Adam through the Wisdom of Solomon, the aspect of the Shekhinah, (referred to as the two prostitutes and the Nashiym in chapters 4 and 5 in the Zohar the Book of Concealment the Sifri D Tsri-nita).
According to the translation of Rabbi Isaac Luria, Isaiah 34:14-15 means “The wild-cat shall meet with the jackals And the satyr shall cry to his fellow, Yea, Lilith shall repose there And find her a place of rest." From these passages rabbi Isaac Luria believed that Lilith was to be restored to Adam through the marriage of Leah to Jacob — Jacob was Adam, Leah was Lilith, and Rachel was Eve.
It must be understood this one of many interpretations concerning the Zohar and of Lilith.
See also
Lilith
Lurianic Kabbalah
References
Isaac Luria
Kabbalah
Kabbalistic words and phrases
Female legendary creatures
Lilith
USS Fox (DD-234/AG-85) was a in the United States Navy during World War II. She was the fourth ship named for Gustavus Vasa Fox, Assistant Secretary of the Navy during the Civil War.
Construction and commissioning
Fox was launched 12 June 1919 by the New York Shipbuilding Company; sponsored by Miss Virginia Blair, the grandniece of Gustavus V. Fox; and commissioned 17 May 1920.
Service history
The ship was assigned to foreign service and, after fitting out, departed Philadelphia 20 August 1920 for Newport, Rhode Island, where she took on torpedoes and fuel, and on the 28th got underway for the Mediterranean area. She arrived at Constantinople, Turkey, 21 September reporting for duty with U.S. Naval Detachment Operating in Turkish waters. Fox cruised in the eastern Mediterranean and Black Sea until July 1922, visiting various ports of Turkey, Greece, Palestine, Syria, Asia Minor, Romania, Russia and Egypt. At a time of disturbed conditions throughout the Near East and southern Russia she rendered aid to American commercial men, relief and Red Cross workers, and Food Administration officials; transported mail, dispatches, and passengers; served as station ship at various ports; and assisted in the evacuation of refugees from Crimea.
Departing Constantinople for the United States on 8 July 1922, Fox arrived at Philadelphia on the 27th. After undergoing overhaul and engaging in exercises, the ship arrived at Norfolk, Virginia 28 September and was again fitted for duty in the Near East. She departed Norfolk 2 October 1922 and arrived at Constantinople on the 22nd. Here she engaged in communication and intelligence duty with the U.S. Naval Detachment in Turkish waters until 18 July 1923, when she sailed for the United States via Naples and Gibraltar, arriving New York 11 August.
During September and October 1923, Fox attached to the Scouting Fleet, engaged in fleet maneuvers in the Newport area. In November the ship was assigned to the 3d Naval District and throughout the following 7 years was utilized in training Naval Reservists. She arrived at Philadelphia on 24 October 1930, and was placed out of commission at the Philadelphia Navy Yard 2 February 1931.
Fox was placed in commission in rotating reserve at Philadelphia on 1 April 1932. On 18 June she was placed in full commission and assigned to Destroyer Division 1, Squadron 1, Scouting Force. Departing Philadelphia 29 June, Fox proceeded to Hampton Roads and on 2 July was underway with Division 1 for the United States West Coast, via the Panama Canal, arriving San Diego, California on the 22d. From 1932 to 1938 Fox operated almost continuously in the Pacific with destroyer squadrons of the Scouting Force and Battle Fleet, engaging in fleet tactical and strategical exercises along the coast and cruising to the Canal Zone or Hawaiian area to participate in fleet maneuvers ("problems"). During this period she made two cruises to the Atlantic and Caribbean area; one from April to October 1934, and the other from April to October 1936. On 14 May 1938, Fox departed San Diego for the United States East Coast for decommissioning. She arrived at the Philadelphia Navy Yard on 2 June and was placed out of commission 16 September 1938.
World War II
Recommissioned 25 September 1939, Fox was assigned to the Atlantic Squadron and from 25 October performed escort and patrol duty along the Atlantic coast and in the Caribbean area until August 1940. Arriving Balboa, Canal Zone, 25 August she performed inshore patrol duty from this port until sailing for San Francisco, California, 25 October. Fox patrolled with the Local Defense Forces, 12th Naval District until departure 2 January 1941 for Seattle, Washington. She patrolled off the coast of Washington and Oregon with Local Defense Forces, 13th Naval District, until December 1941, except while under overhaul from March to June, and while assigned to temporary duty in the 12th Naval District from 20 August to 9 October.
On 12 December 1941, Fox departed Bremerton, Washington, en route to Alaska as escort of . She arrived at Dutch Harbor on 18 December, and proceeded as escort for merchant ships to Sitka, Kodiak, and Dutch Harbor, returning to Seattle on 12 February 1942. Following repairs at the Puget Sound Navy Yard, she performed screening duties out of Seattle, acted as ready duty ship at Port Angeles (14–18 March), and made three escort voyages to San Pedro until 10 May 1942.
From 21 May 1942 to 20 May 1943, Fox sailed as escort with 12 merchant ships convoys bound for various ports of Alaska, and was modernized at Seattle (3 July – 8 September). On her fourth cruise of this duty, she departed Seattle 22 September 1942 for Dutch Harbor and after screening transport to Chernofski Bay, departed Dutch Harbor 28 October to escort a convoy of four Soviet submarines to San Francisco.
On 25 May 1943, Fox departed Seattle for extended duty as patrol and escort vessel among the ports of Alaska, operating under orders of Commander, Northwest Sea Frontier until 25 March 1944. In addition to conducting scheduled exercises and operations off the coast, she made numerous trips to Alaskan waters, transporting men of the Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard between Seattle and bases at Kodiak and Adak.
On 15 April, the ship departed Seattle for San Diego, where she joined Western Sea Frontier Forces, Southern California Sector. She operated in the San Diego area until September, conducting antisubmarine exercises, training men from the sound school, transporting passengers, performing escort duty, and cruising for the purpose of making moving pictures.
Fox departed San Diego 22 September 1944, and arrived at the Puget Sound Navy Yard for conversion to a miscellaneous auxiliary on 26 September. She was re-classified AG-85 on 1 October. On 4 November, the ship proceeded to Seattle and, after engaging in scheduled exercises, on the 8th got underway for San Francisco. She arrived at Naval Air Station Alameda on the 11th, and reported for duty to Commander Fleet Air. From November through September 1945, Fox was based on Alameda, engaging in plane exercises and serving as target vessel in aerial torpedo exercises in the Monterey area. She departed San Francisco Bay on 18 October 1945 for the U.S. East Coast, arriving Norfolk, Virginia, on 7 November. Fox was decommissioned 29 November 1945 at the Norfolk Navy Yard, Portsmouth, Virginia. She was sold for scrapping 12 November 1946.
References
External links
Clemson-class destroyers
World War II destroyers of the United States
Ships built by New York Shipbuilding Corporation
1919 ships
The Rhode Island Bar Association (RIBAR or RIBA) is the unified (mandatory) bar association of the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
Organization
Founded in 1898, the Rhode Island Bar Association is a unified bar association with over 6,000 attorney members licensed to practice in Rhode Island. Bar Association membership and dues are mandatory, and Bar Association dues are in addition to licensing fees charged by the Rhode Island Supreme Court. The objectives of the Rhode Island Bar Association are to uphold and defend the Constitution and laws of the United States and the Constitution and laws of Rhode Island and to maintain representative, democratic government; to advance the science of jurisprudence; to promote the administration of justice; to uphold the honor and dignity of the process of law; to apply its knowledge and experience in the field of the law to the promotion of the public good; to encourage and cultivate social intercourse among the members of the Rhode Island Bar; and to cooperate with the American Bar Association, other national, regional and state bar associations and the local bar associations in the State of Rhode Island. The Rhode Island Bar Association's website at www.ribar.com serves as a source of information and provides contact information for its attorney members, as well as for members of the public. On the Bar's website, For Attorneys highlights the Bar's many programs including: Continuing Legal Education (CLE) seminars, Lawyer Referral Service (LRS), Bar Committees and membership benefits. Members Only, provides a wealth of Bar members services including CASEMAKER, the 24/7, online, law library and OAR, the Bar's attorney-to-attorney information resource center. Attorney Directory includes all registered members' contact information, and is accessible to all visitors to the Bar's website. For the Public contains valuable information to help choose a lawyer and find guidance on a range of legal issues, as well as law related education programs. Rhode Island Bar Foundation provides information about Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts (IOLTA) and the Bar's Law School Scholarship Program.
Governance & Structure
A Bar President, who serves a one-year term from July 1 through June 30, three Officers of the Bar, an elected House of Delegates, which meets quarterly, and an executive committee, which meets monthly, govern the Association. The Association holds an Annual Meeting in June. In fulfilling its stated purposes, the Bar's programs and activities are designed to serve the needs and interests of the membership, the public and the administration of justice. Standing and special committees direct much of the programming of the Rhode Island Bar Association. Standing committees are created by the Bylaws for the investigation and study of matters relating to the accomplishment of the general purposes, and business of the Association. Committee members are appointed by the incoming Bar President and serve for one-year terms, which may be renewed. The Bar's Governance & Bylaws may be accessed here:
https://www.ribar.com/About%20the%20Bar%20Association/GovernanceAndByLaws.aspx
2018-2019 Rhode Island Bar Association Officers
Carolyn R. Barone, Esq. President
David N. Bazar, Esq., President-Elect
Richard P. D'Addario, Esq., Treasurer
Lynda L. Laing, Esq., Secretary
The Rhode Island Bar Association is headquartered at the Rhode Island Law Center, 41 Sharpe Drive, Cranston, RI 02920. The Center provides a venue for a number of Association services, activities and meetings, houses the Bar staff, and available to members for meetings. Office hours are 8:30 am to 5:30 pm, weekdays. The Rhode Island Bar Association publishes the Rhode Island Bar Journal, a bi-monthly news magazine featuring articles and important information for members and those interested in Rhode Island law. Articles on current legal issues and news about the Association are in the Journal and available on the web site.
Bar Exam
All attorneys licensed to practice in the state belong to the Rhode Island Bar Association after passing the bar examination. As of 2012, the bar exam in Rhode Island tests knowledge of the common law through the Multistate Bar Exam and Multistate Essay Exam, and the exam tests Rhode Island law on the state essay portion. The exam also includes a practical component, the Multistate Performance Test. Applicants must also pass the MPRE ethics exam, pass a background check, and pay all necessary fees.
See also
Rhode Island Supreme Court
References
External links
Official website
RI bar exam information
American state bar associations
1898 establishments in Rhode Island
Rhode Island law
Organizations established in 1898
Williamsville is an unincorporated community in Kent County, Delaware, United States. Williamsville is located at the intersection of Williamsville Road and Deep Grass Lane, south of Houston.
It was known as Guinea-Town, until an official name change in 1827.
Williamsville was the site of the Williamsville Colored School (1920–1929).
Griffith's Chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kent County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Juan Pablo Dotti (born June 24, 1984) is an Argentine professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team .
On October 21, 2011, he was suspended by the USADA for testing positive to doping.
Major results
2004
2nd Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2005
1st Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2007
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Navarra
Vuelta a Venezuela
1st Stages 1a & 11
3rd Overall Vuelta a San Juan
1st Stage 9
2008
1st Stage 9 Vuelta a San Juan
2009
1st Stage 5 Vuelta del Uruguay
2012
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2018
1st Stage 2 Vuelta del Uruguay
2020
10th Overall Vuelta a San Juan
2021
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Cyclists from Buenos Aires
The Galiote River (French: Rivière Galiote) is a tributary of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, flowing in the municipality of L'Île-d'Anticosti, in the Minganie Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Côte-Nord, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
A forest road (north–south direction) serves the west side of the middle and lower part of this valley, connecting the Grand-Lac-Salé Ecological Reserve, and the main road passing through the center-north of the island.
Forestry is the main economic activity in this area; recreational tourism activities, second.
Geography
The Galiote River originates from the confluence of two mountain streams (altitude: ), located in the south-central part of the island. This source is located in a forest area at:
west of Tour-Chicotte;
south of Lake Wickenden;
east of the town center of the village of Port-Menier;
south of the north shore of Anticosti Island;
northeast of the south shore of Anticosti Island.
From its source, the Galiote River flows on with a drop of , according to the following segments:
towards the south, collecting a stream (coming from the north-west), a second (coming from the north-east) and a third (coming from the west), up to a bend in the river, corresponding to a stream (coming from the west). Note: The place called Galiote-la-Chute is on the west bank of this bend in the river;
eastward in a deep valley, to a bend in the river, corresponding to a stream (coming from the northeast). Note: The place called Galiote-la-Fourche is on the southwest bank of this bend in the river;
towards the south in a deep valley, until the discharge (coming from the east) of two lakes;
towards the south, passing under the forest road bridge that runs along the southern coast of Anticosti Island, to its mouth.
The Galiote river flows on the east side of Gand lac Salé, Petit lac Salé, Baie des Sables and Côte de la Grande Traversée, on the south shore of Anticosti Island, in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence. This confluence is located at:
east of Pointe de la Tourbe;
east of the mouth of the rivière du Brick;
west of the mouth of the rivière aux Rats;
east of the village center of Port-Menier.
Toponymy
David Têtu, responsible for the surveillance of wrecked ships from 1870 to 1879, at the Pointe du Sud lighthouse, used “Galiote River” to designate this river on his map. According to the 17th Report of the Geographic Survey of Canada (1922), this watercourse has been designated according to several graphic variations: Galiote River, River Galiotte, Sabotte River and Galti River.
The term "galiote" refers to a sailing ship, with round shapes, used by Dutch navigators. Throughout history, the term "galiote" has also referred to a coaster and a fishing sailboat. However, the origin of the attribution of this toponymic designation remains unknown. It is reasonable to believe that this toponym evokes the shipwreck of a galiote not far from the mouth of this river.
Anticosti Island is nicknamed the “Gulf Cemetery” because more than 400 shipwrecks have been recorded since the island was donated as a fief and seigneury to Louis Jolliet in 1680. On the one hand, this statistic further supports the hypothesis of the origin of the name of the Galiote river. In addition, similar toponyms of the waterways of Anticosti Island, such as Havre du Brick and Pointe à la Goélette, evoke shipwrecks. In 1959, the Commission de géographie du Québec retained the toponymic designation “Rivière Galiote”.
The toponym “rivière Galiote” was made official on December 5, 1968, at the Place Names Bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Lac-Salé Ecological Reserve
In 1991, the Quebec government established the "Lac-Salé Ecological Reserve" covering approximately 7000 hectares. Briefly, this reserve was delimited by the middle of the rivière du Brick from its confluence with the Honguedo Strait, going up the river to latitude 5,468,000 m N; thence, easterly, to the center of the Galiote river; then south following the center of the latter river, until its confluence with the Honguedo Strait.
Recreational tourism activities
Between kilometers 7 and 11, the Galiote river offers a wild setting with little steep edges. The stony plateau allows walking there if the water is low as if it is an unmarked path on the bottom of the river. In the surroundings, walkers often see hares and deer. The flora of this area includes many rare species.
See also
Minganie Regional County Municipality
L'Île-d'Anticosti, a Municipality
Anticosti Island, an island
Honguedo Strait
Gulf of Saint Lawrence
List of rivers of Quebec
References
External links
Rivers of Côte-Nord
Anticosti Island
Minganie Regional County Municipality
Wólka Putnowicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Wojsławice, south-east of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ratnapur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5410 living in 506 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Fritz Adam Hermann von Opel (4 May 1899 – 8 April 1971) was a German rocket technology pioneer and automotive executive, nicknamed "Rocket-Fritz". He is remembered mostly for his spectacular demonstrations of rocket propulsion that earned him an important place in the history of aviation and spaceflight as head of the world's first large-scale rocket program, Opel-RAK. Fritz von Opel, known as Fritz Adam Hermann Opel until his father was ennobled in 1917, was the only son of Wilhelm von Opel and a grandson of Adam Opel, founder of the Opel company.
Life and career
Opel was born in Rüsselsheim. He studied at the Technische Universität Darmstadt and received his doctorate from the university. After graduation, he was made director of testing for the Opel company and also put in charge of publicity.
Fritz von Opel was a grandson of Adam Opel and son of Wilhelm von Opel. His sister was Elinor von Opel, a cousin Georg von Opel. When his father Wilhelm was raised to hereditary nobility in 1917, his descendants were also ennobled. In 1929 he married his first wife Margot Löwenstein (also known as Sellnik), an actress and one of Germany's first female aviators, and after the divorce eventually his second wife in 1947, Emita Herrán Olozaga, daughter of the diplomat Rafael Bernando Herrán Echeverri and his wife Lucia Olozaga. This marriage resulted in two children, Frederick von Opel, called Rikky (* 1947), and Marie Christine von Opel, called Putzi (1951-2006).
Until 1928 he was a partner in the Adam Opel company, until then a family limited partnership. In Dec. 1928, the company was converted into a stock corporation, but already in March 1929, 80% of the shares were sold to General Motors Corporation of the US. The Opel heirs received 120 million Reichsmarks in return. A few years later, Adam Opel AG was completely owned by General Motors. Fritz von Opel invested part of his large fortune in the USA, where it was confiscated during the war.
Von Opel was highly successful in different kinds of motorsports, inter alia he won the inaugural race on Berlin's AVUS race track on 24 September 1921 on an Opel 8/25 hp racing car with a 2.3 litre four-cylinder engine, with an average speed 128.84 km/h and also was setting the lap record of the first racing weekend with 8 min 14 s. Two years later, on 24 June 1923 he won at the AVUS track on a Opel 346 cc motorbike the race organized by the German Motorcyclists' Association DMV with an average speed of 87 km/h. Fritz von Opel was also active in motorboat racing where he e.g. dominated with his "Opel II", equipped with two Maybach Mb IVa engines of each 260 hp, the July 1927 series of events on the Seine in Paris. He was winning the "Coupe de France", the "Prize of the French Naval Minister" and finally the "Trophée de Paris". In Germany he continued his winning spree in 1927 with the "Blue Band of the Rhine", the ADAC regatta on Lake Starnberg and was eventually crowned German Champion at the ADAC Motorboat Championship on Templiner See.
Fritz von Opel was instrumental in popularizing rockets as means of propulsion for vehicles. In the 1920s, he initiated together with Max Valier, co-founder of the "Verein für Raumschiffahrt", and Friedrich Wilhelm Sander the world's first rocket program, Opel-RAK, leading to speed records for automobiles, rail vehicles and the first public manned rocket-powered flight in September 1929. Months earlier in 1928, one of his rocket-powered prototypes, the Opel RAK2, reached piloted by von Opel himself at the AVUS speedway in Berlin a record speed of 238 km/h, watched by 3000 spectators and world media, among them Fritz Lang, director of Metropolis and Woman in the Moon, world boxing champion Max Schmeling and many more sports and show business celebrities. A world record for rail vehicles was reached with RAK3 and a top speed of 256 km/h. After these successes, von Opel piloted the world's first public rocket-powered flight using Opel RAK.1, a rocket plane designed by Julius Hatry.
Fritz von Opel ignited two 40-centimeter-long, 6.5-kilogram rockets at Frankfurt-Rebstock Airport, accelerating the aircraft to a good 100 kilometers per hour. On 30 September 1929, at exactly 3:30 p.m., the plane took off. Two more propellants provided additional thrust totaling 96 kilograms, enabling the plane to climb. At an altitude of 20 to 30 meters, the aircraft reached a top speed of 150 km/h and covered a distance of just under two kilometers. When attempting to ignite further rockets, the mechanism failed - Fritz von Opel had a hard landing on the ground after 80 seconds in the air, but remained unharmed. For the first time, a pilot had succeeded before a large audience in taking off using only rocket power and transitioning to a climb followed by a cross-country flight. World media reported on these efforts inter alia as "The first human rocket", including Universal Newsreel of the US, causing as "Raketen-Rummel" or "Rocket Rumble" immense global public excitement, and in particular in Germany, where inter alia Wernher von Braun was highly influenced: 16-year old Wernher was so enthusiastic about the public Opel RAK demonstrations, that he constructed his own homemade rocket car, nearly killing himself in the process, and causing a major disruption in a crowded street by detonating the toy wagon to which he had attached fireworks. He was taken into custody by the local police until his father came to get him released.
Timeline
On 15 March 1928, Opel tested his first rocket-powered car, the Opel RAK.1, and achieved a top speed of 75 km/h (47 mph) in it, proving the feasibility of the concept of rocket propulsion. Less than two months later, he reached a speed of 230 km/h (143 mph) in the RAK.2, driven by 24 solid-fuel rockets.
Later that same year, he purchased a sailplane named the "Lippisch Ente" (Ente is "duck" in German) from Alexander Lippisch and attached rocket motors to it, creating the world's first rocket plane on 11 June. The aircraft exploded on its second test flight, before Opel had had a chance to pilot it himself, so he commissioned a new aircraft, also called the RAK.1, from Julius Hatry, and flew it at Frankfurt-am-Main on 30 September 1929. In the meantime, another mishap had claimed the RAK.3, a rocket-powered railway car powered by 30 solid-fuel rockets which had reached a speed of 254 km/h (157 mph).
Also in 1928, Opel built and test ran a rocket-powered motorcycle called the Monster.
Liquid-fuel rocket development, test launches and break-up of Opel RAK
Opel and Sander also worked on the design of a liquid-fuel rocket engine. This put them in competition with research groups led by Professor Hermann Oberth, Wernher von Braun, Johannes Winkler and Arthur Rudolph, who eventually became known as key rocket pioneers. As early as April 1929, they tested two rockets in which a "reaction engine" powered by liquid fuels provides enormous thrust. The result was a rocket engine that developed a continuous thrust of around 300 kilograms over a burn time of according to Sander nearly 45 minutes. The pioneers eventually transplanted an engine of this type into a light aircraft. However, Fritz von Opel's originally planned flight across the English Channel never took place: The Opel rocket tests ended in the fall of 1929. Fritz von Opel had to discontinue his work because the Great Depression was taking its toll on the one hand and the new majority owner General Motors wanted to concentrate on the automotive business on the other. The future of the industry in Germany had appeared uncertain, and competition from imports of automobiles from the USA had increased. Fritz von Opel and other family members had rejected a larger merger of German automobile companies, which the Association of the German Automobile Industry (RdA), Deutsche Bank and DANAT-Bank proposed in 1927/28. In October 1928 a purchase option was negotiated with GM. A stock corporation, registered on 3 December 1928 was founded as "Adam Opel AG " with a share capital of 60 million Reichsmark. In March 1929 the contracts were signed by Fritz von Opel, his father Wilhelm and his uncle Fritz on the part of the Opel family, the name "Opel" was retained. GM initially took over 80% of the shares representing a nominal value of 48 million Reichsmarks, and GM acquired the remaining 20% in October 1931.
Life after Opel RAK break-up
After the end of the Opel-RAK collaboration with Opel and Sander, Max Valier continued the efforts. Also switching from solid-fuel to liquid-fuel rockets, he died while testing and is considered the first fatality of the dawning space age. The impact of Opel RAK was both immediate and long-lasting on later spaceflight pioneers. Opel, Sander, Valier and Hatry had engaged in a program that led directly to use of jet-assisted takeoff for heavily laden aircraft. The German Reich was first to test the approach in August 1929 when a battery of solid rocket propellants supported a Junkers Ju-33 seaplane to get airborne. The Opel RAK experiments had a tremendous influence on Lippisch, whose experience with the rocket-powered "Ente" eventually paved the way to the Messerschmitt Me-163, the first operational rocket fighter craft. The Opel RAK experiments excited also the interest of the German military, which provided funding for further development of rockets as a replacement for artillery. This led to an array of military applications, among them Germany's V-2 terror weapon, the world's first ballistic missile. After World War II, these German rocket and missile scientists and engineers would have an immense impact on missile and space programs by the United States of America. Walter J. Boyne, director of the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC, concluded "Working together, von Opel, Valier, and Sander had thrown a big rock of publicity into the mill pond of science. The ripples have not yet ceased to spread."
Von Opel left Germany before 1930, first to the US and eventually to France and Switzerland where he died. He was present at the Secret Meeting of 20 February 1933 when German industrialists decided to support Adolf Hitler, but did not contribute personally to the donations. His sister Elinor von Opel had to flee Germany in 1935 with her sons, Ernst Wilhelm Sachs von Opel and Gunter Sachs von Opel, due a legal battle on her divorce and because of her public aversion to Nazi leadership, friends of her former husband Willy Sachs. Elinor's German assets were blocked and confiscated by the German Reich government.
On 25 April 1940, Fritz von Opel was taken off the Italian liner Conte di Savoia by the British authorities at Gibraltar. After being detained at Gibraltar for 16 days, he was allowed to proceed to the United States, arriving in May on the Italian liner Rex. He was arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in February 1942, as a "potentially dangerous alien", although he was subsequently released.
In 1947, Opel married Emita Herrán Olózaga (1913–1967) and became the father of Formula One driver Rikky von Opel (Frederick von Opel), who was born later the same year.
He died at Samedan in Switzerland in 1971.
Weltraumschiff I movie featuring Opel RAK pioneers
The 1937 German film Weltraumschiff I startet –Eine technische Fantasie–, is a short movie made by Anton Kutter in 1937 about the fictitious launch of a space rocket that lands back on earth after orbiting the moon in an Apollo-8-style mission: In front of representatives of the press, the director of the Friedrichshafen airship yard announced the first manned rocket flight to the moon. In an introduction he describes the history of rocket technology and the technical details of space travel. Immediately before take-off, reporters interviewed the commander of the spaceship via video radio, which then flies over a kilometer-long ski jump into space and returns safely to earth after orbiting the moon.
The movie features impressive visual effects and has short clips of various RAK vehicles: 11 seconds at 436 feet (approximately 04:47) igniters being wired to the Rak.2 car; 2 seconds at 447 feet (approximately 04:58) Max Valier seated in a RAK.2 car labeled "Rückstoss Versuchs Wagen"; 2 seconds at 451 feet (approximately 05:00) Fritz von Opel seated in a RAK.2 car; 11 seconds at 460 feet (approximately 05:06) Fritz Von Opel drives the RAK.2 car on 1928 May 23 at the Avus Track in Berlin; 2 seconds at 472 feet (05:14) Opel RAK.3 rocket car on 1928 June 23 running on railway tracks; 19 seconds at 475 feet (05:16 to 05:35) Opel RAK.1 rocket glider in 1928 September, preparation and launch; 6 seconds at 536 feet (05:57 to 06:03) Max Valier sitting and talking in a RAK.6 car.
References
1899 births
1971 deaths
People from Rüsselsheim
Engineers from Hesse
People from the Grand Duchy of Hesse
Fritz
German automotive pioneers
German spaceflight pioneers
Technische Universität Darmstadt alumni
Kelsey Ann Smith (May 3, 1989 – June 2, 2007) was an Overland Park, Kansas teenager who disappeared on June 2, 2007 and was murdered that evening. The story was featured in the international media, including on America's Most Wanted, before her body was found near a lake in Missouri on June 6, 2007.
Overview
Smith was last seen at 7:07 p.m. CST on June 2, 2007 in the parking lot of a Target store at 97th and Quivira, behind the Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, Kansas. Police, other authorities and the national media launched an extensive publicity campaign and search for Smith.
Abduction and investigation
Surveillance video from Target showed Smith purchasing a present for her boyfriend to celebrate six months together. Her last call had been to her mother from the store. She then left the store before she disappeared. Approximately four hours later, her car, a 1987 Buick Regal, was found abandoned outside of Macy's in the parking lot of Oak Park Mall across the street. Her purse, wallet and the items that she had bought were left in the car.
Target stores use a large array of video cameras, and these can often be enhanced internally through the company's Target Forensic Services division. The surveillance footage showed Smith parking her car, entering the store, calling her mother and selecting the items that were later found in the car. It also revealed that a male, who was white and in his early twenties, wearing a white shirt and dark shorts, had entered the store approximately thirty seconds after Smith had entered. The man seemed to be in every aisle that Smith had visited and appeared in almost every part of the footage showing her, but at a discreet distance. Despite frequently looking at Smith or in her direction, the man made no effort to talk to her or to approach her in the store but left just as she went to the cashier, who did not see or notice anything unusual in the store nor in Smith's behavior. The footage captured a clear picture of the man leaving the store.
In the parking lot, surveillance video appeared to show someone forcing Smith into her car. The video at first did not show anything unusual, but when slowed down, it revealed a flash in the direction of Smith and her car, consistent with someone running when the camera is placed at a distance. The outside footage showed a suspicious 1970s-era Chevrolet truck leaving the lot, which was also found to have entered the lot just before Smith had.
According to the program See No Evil (also known as Murder on CCTV), the Macy's surveillance video showed that Smith's car had been left there at 9:17 p.m., about two hours after it had departed the Target lot. A figure in white shirt and dark pants was seen leaving the vehicle and running toward the street. Though it was too dark at that time to determine if the figure was that of a male or female, the person's clothing seemed to match that of the suspect in the Target footage. When the video still of the man was released to the media, it generated hundreds of tips, but the leads were too general to be useful.
When the car was checked for forensic evidence, fingerprint experts isolated all of those who had legitimate reasons to be in the car, such as Kelsey's family, friends and boyfriend. As a result, they found unidentified prints on the seat belt.
Search
Detectives reportedly found the body because of a cell phone ping that originated from the area on June 2, and a number of search areas were identified. Despite efforts by local law enforcement and eventually the FBI, it took Verizon Wireless four days to hand over the cell phone records to investigators, which caused much controversy over the delay. A Verizon technician pinpointed a cell-phone tower and told investigators to search 1.1 miles north of it. Within 45 minutes, on June 6 at 1:30 p.m., searchers discovered Smith's body in a wooded area near Longview Lake in Grandview, Missouri, 18 to 20 miles from where she had been abducted. Upon report of Smith's death, a website dedicated to the search for her went offline and was quickly remade into a dedication site. Through subsequent investigation, the cause of death was determined to be strangulation; she had been choked with her own belt. The autopsy also showed that she was sexually assaulted.
Perpetrator
A woman who had seen the footage recognized the subject as her neighbor. The next day when she saw the information about the truck, she called in a tip. On the evening of June 6, 2007, police arrested 26-year-old Edwin Roy "Jack" Hall of Olathe, Kansas. Hall was in the process of leaving town with his wife and son, supposedly on vacation, when the police arrived.
Hall was charged on June 7 with premeditated first-degree murder and aggravated kidnapping. He had no adult criminal record, but had a juvenile record of assault. Hall, who had been adopted at age seven, had been returned to state custody at age 15 after threatening the family's daughter with a knife. He also assaulted another boy by striking him in the head with a baseball bat. Police do not believe that Hall knew Smith. At the time of his arrest, Hall was married and the father of a four-year-old son. Hall admitted to being at Target but claimed that he had never approached Smith. However, he was caught in a lie when his fingerprints matched those from the seat belt.
Hall was arraigned via video hookup on June 7, and bond was set at US$5 million. On August 1, Hall was indicted by a Johnson County, Kansas, grand jury for murder, rape and aggravated sodomy. The charges made Hall eligible for the death penalty, which Johnson County district attorney Phill Kline decided to seek.
Because the body had been found in a different state (Missouri), some argued for federal jurisdiction, but because Hall was arrested and in custody in Johnson County, that jurisdiction had the legal authority to pursue the case.
On July 23, as part of a plea agreement, Hall pleaded guilty to all four charges. His plea came during what was supposed to be a change-of-venue hearing. The courtroom was jammed with Smith's parents and other family members, friends and reporters. The hearing was carried live on all four of Kansas City's television network affiliates.
It is believed that Hall spotted Smith driving into the Target parking lot after he had arrived. He noticed that she was alone and thus began following her in store to assure himself that she was not meeting anyone. When he saw her about to leave, he went to his truck and retrieved his gun. He waited until Smith was most vulnerable, when she was getting ready to leave, before he struck. He took her 20 miles away to the Missouri woods, where he sexually assaulted and strangled her.
The hearing came a day after a judge ruled that prosecutors could still seek the death penalty for Hall after a judge had denied a defense motion seeking dismissal of the case on a technicality.
On September 16, Johnson County district judge Peter V. Ruddick sentenced Hall to life in prison without parole for the kidnapping, rape and murder. In court, Hall apologized to Smith's family for his actions.
Hall is incarcerated in the Hutchinson Correctional Facility, Hutchinson, Kansas.
Kelsey Smith Act
Some believe that Verizon Wireless was reluctant to locate or "ping" the cell phone because of privacy laws governing such actions. At the time, cell-phone service providers would generally comply upon the request of the subscriber, but not of anyone else, including that of law enforcement authorities, unless a court order was issued, which takes time.
This led to the creation of the Kelsey Smith Act, a law that states in essence that cell-phone companies can ping a phone if authorities determine that the subscriber is in danger. Most US states have passed the law, and the United States Congress is debating federalizing it.
In at least one instance, the law was acted upon. In February 2015, in Lenexa, Kansas, not far from where Smith had grown up, a man stole a car, unaware of a five-month-old infant inside. While in flight, he also ran down a pedestrian in a hit-and-run. The police found the car a half-hour later at a convenience store after having pinged the baby's mother's cell phone, which was still in a purse on the front seat. The driver escaped, and was still at large. It is believed that once he realized there was a baby inside, he decided to ditch the car, as in addition to car theft and hit-and-run, he would face kidnapping charges.
National media attention
Beyond local Kansas City news affiliate coverage, the case received prominent national media attention, including coverage by national news services Fox News Channel, CNN, MSNBC, Nancy Grace, the Today Show, The Mind of a Murderer and as an episode of the television show See No Evil, which aired in Canada on Slice, and in the United States on Investigation Discovery.
See also
List of kidnappings
List of solved missing person cases
References
Sources
Kelsey Smith Act: H.R.4889 - Kelsey Smith Act
External links
Kelsey's Army
America's Most Wanted Profile of Kelsey Smith
Findagrave Memorial Page
Johnson County complaint (*.pdf)
2000s missing person cases
2007 in Kansas
2007 murders in the United States
Deaths by person in Missouri
Female murder victims
Formerly missing people
Incidents of violence against women
June 2007 events in the United States
June 2007 crimes
Kidnapped American people
Kidnappings in the United States
Missing person cases in Missouri
Rapes in the United States
Overland Park, Kansas
History of women in Missouri
History of women in Kansas
Alphaherpesvirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the family Herpesviridae, primarily distinguished by reproducing more quickly than other subfamilies in the Herpesviridae. In animal virology the most important herpesviruses belong to the Alphaherpesvirinae. Pseudorabies virus is the causative agent of Aujeszky's disease in pigs and Bovine herpesvirus 1 is the causative agent of bovine infectious rhinotracheitis and pustular vulvovaginitis. Mammals serve as natural hosts. There are currently 45 species in this subfamily, divided among 5 genera with one species unassigned to a genus. Diseases associated with this subfamily include: HHV-1 and HHV-2: skin vesicles or mucosal ulcers, rarely encephalitis and meningitis, HHV-3: chickenpox (varicella) and shingles, GaHV-2: Marek's disease.
Genera
Alphaherpesvirinae consists of the following five genera:
Iltovirus
Mardivirus
Scutavirus
Simplexvirus
Varicellovirus
The species Chelonid alphaherpesvirus 6 is currently unassigned to a genus.
Structure
Viruses in Alphaherpesvirinae are enveloped, with icosahedral, spherical to pleomorphic, and round geometries, and T=16 symmetry. The diameter is around 150-200 nm. Genomes are linear and non-segmented, around 120 to 180 kb in length.
Life cycle
Viral replication is nuclear, and is lysogenic. Entry into the host cell is achieved by attachment of the viral gB, gC, gD and gH proteins to host receptors, which mediates endocytosis. Replication follows the dsDNA bidirectional replication model. DNA-templated transcription, with some alternative splicing mechanism is the method of transcription. Translation takes place by leaky scanning. The virus exits the host cell by nuclear egress, budding, and microtubular outwards viral transport.
Mammals serve as the natural host. Transmission routes are sexual, contact, body fluids, lesions, and respiratory.
References
External links
Viralzone: Alphaherpesvirinae
ICTV
Animal Viruses
Herpesviridae
Animal virology
Herpesvirales
Virus subfamilies
BMZ may refer to:
Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (German: Bundesministerium für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung)
BMZ Group, a Turkish shipping company
, an electric-vehicle-battery manufacturer
Bryansk Machine-Building Plant (Russian: Брянский машиностроительный завод, "БМЗ"), in Bryansk, Russia
Byelorussian Steel Works (Russian: Белорусский металлургический завод, Belarusian: Беларускі металургічны завод, "БМЗ"), in Zhlobin, Belarus
BMZ Broadcasting, LLC, owner of Florida radio station WLMX (FM)
bmz, ISO 639 code of the Baramu language
Jorge Octavio Morel Tavárez (known as Yoryi Morel) was a Dominican painter, musician, and teacher born in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic; he is remembered as the leading costumbrista painter in the country and one of the early progenitors of the Dominican modernist school of painting, along with contemporaries Jaime Colsón, Darío Suro, and Celeste Woss y Gil.
His style integrated realist and post-Impressionist techniques depicting a range of subject matters, such as street scenes of his native city, Santiago, of villages and rustic landscapes throughout the Cibao region; popular customs like festivals, religious rituals, ceremonies, and gaming activities; as well as an array of portraits of local characters.
Morel spent most of his life in his native city. In 1933, he founded a fine-arts school in Santiago de los Caballeros, going on to teach other native artists, including Clara Ledesma.
He died in 1979. Many of his works are exhibited in the National Museum of Modern Art in Santo Domingo.
Life and career
Morel was born in Santiago de los Caballeros, one of seven children to Enrique Morel Bocanegra and Ana Teresa Tavárez Cabreja. His father owned a small cloth and hardware store, being listed as a merchant in the Directory and General Guide of the Republic, published at the beginning of the 20th century. This store was located on Calle del Sol, only a few blocks away from the family home on Las Piedras Street.
At an early age, Morel took to the arts, drawing and putting on puppet shows from the front porch of his house for the rest of the kids in his neighborhood. He first painted with inks and colors made from natural materials like linseed oil and the burning/boiling of sticks of campeche. When he was eleven, Morel began lessons with violinist Machilo Guzman, later joining the Santiago Philharmonic as second violin of the orchestra at the age of seventeen until the age of twenty. After high school, he declined his father's wishes to pursue a university degree in Pharmacy, in order to focus on music and art. Though Morel was occasionally under the mentorship of fellow Santiago native Juan Bautista Gómez, he is generally considered to be self-taught.
In 1927, an Inter-Antillean Exhibition in Santiago was held; the art exhibition, which was attended by artists from Cuba, Puerto Rico, Haiti and other artists from the Dominican Republic besides Morel. It wasn't until the well-known journalist Juan Batutista Lamarche wrote an article on the twenty-four year old artist that enthusiasm and attention spread throughout the country for the provincial artist.
Morel held his first solo exhibition in Santo Domingo, at the time Cuidad Trujillo, in 1932. He participated in the Dominican Republic's first biennial art exhibition in 1942, and won first prize in the sixth biennial in 1952.
Morel for many years was devoted to teaching in the Dominican Republic. His teachings influenced several generations of Dominicans artist such as Clara Ledesma and Ney Cruz, who was a leading Dominican costumbrista painter and is known for his landscapes, genre paintings, and portraits. He was good friends with other Dominican artists and writers such as Juan Bosch, Celeste Woss y Gil, Tomas Hernández Franco, Vigil Díaz, Manuel Llanes, and Aida Ibarra.
Awards
He was declared the "Pintor Nacional" (national painter) by the Dominican Congress on October 25, 2006.
Morel was also appointed Deputy Director of the National School of Fine Art in 1948 and was honored by the Dominican government in 1973 with the “Order of Merit of Duarte, Sánchez and Mella” and the rank of "Caballero."
Two retrospectives were held to mark the 100th anniversary of his birth: Por los Caminos de Nuestra Expresión at the Museo Bellapart in Santo Domingo in 2006 and Autonomía y Trascendencia at Centro León in Santiago de los Caballeros in 2007.
Personal life
He married Hungarian Ilonka Szabó, daughter of Károly Szabó and Szanet Czeglédy, with whom he had three children: Jorge Enrique Morel Szabó (1946), Janos Laszlo Morel Szabó (1949), and Ilonka Morel Szabó (1954). He also had two daughters from a previous relationship with Rosa Flete: Yolanda Antonia Morel Flete (1943) and Filomena Morel Flete.
Gallery
See also
List of Dominican painters
References
External links
La Pintura Moderna at the Museo Bellapart
Bellapart retrospective catalog (PDF format)
Centro Leon Retrospective photo gallery
Yori Morel painting gallery
1906 births
1979 deaths
National School of Fine Art faculty
20th-century Dominican Republic painters
Male painters
20th-century male artists
Art educators
Impressionism
Dominican Republic artists
Founders of educational institutions
Landscape painters
Dominican Republic portrait painters
People from Santiago de los Caballeros
Dominican Republic male artists
20th-century Dominican Republic artists
White Dominicans
Camillo Gavasetti (1596 – in or after 1630) was a native of Modena, who flourished about the year 1626. He studied under his father, Stefano Gavasetti, a miniature painter and gilder, but he rather followed the Carracci. His principal works are at Piacenza, where he is better known than at Parma or Modena. He was engaged with Piarini in painting Scriptural subjects. At the presbytery of the Church of Sant'Antonino at Piacenza, is a fresco representing a subject from the Apocalypse, which was esteemed by Guercino the finest work of art in that city. He died young in 1630.
Notes
References
1596 births
Year of death unknown
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Modena
Harry Bayless Stockwell (April 27, 1902 – July 19, 1984) was an American actor.
Stockwell made his film debut in the 1935 film Here Comes the Band. However, his claim to fame came in 1937, when he provided the voice of The Prince (seen at the beginning and again in the finale) in Walt Disney's animated classic Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. Stockwell was also a noted Broadway performer. In 1943, he succeeded Alfred Drake as Curly, the lead role in Broadway's Oklahoma! He remained in the role until 1948. His final role was in The Werewolf of Washington in 1973. He was the father of actors Dean Stockwell and Guy Stockwell with first wife Elizabeth Veronica. In 1950, he married actress and performer Nina Olivette.
Early life
Stockwell was born on April 27, 1902, in Kansas City, Missouri, to Cora Ellen Teter and her husband William Henry Stockwell. He studied at the Eastman School of music in Rochester, New York. He made his Broadway debut in 1929 in Broadway Nights. The following year he appeared in the 1930 edition of Earl Carroll's Vanities Stockwell started a yearlong run in another musical revue on the Great White Way, As Thousands Cheer.
Career
Harry made his first film Broadway Melody of 1936 and Here Comes the Band. He later lent his voice to the unnamed prince in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Death
Stockwell died in New York City on July 19, 1984, aged 82.
Filmography
References
External links
1902 births
1984 deaths
American male film actors
American male musical theatre actors
American male stage actors
American male voice actors
Male actors from Kansas City, Missouri
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
Deaths from diabetes
Abraham Garton was a Jewish printer who printed the first dated Hebrew book in Europe in 1475.
Unfortunately, very little is known about the personal life of Abraham ben Garton. Most scholars believe he was born in Spain, and emigrated to Calabria, Italy prior to the expulsion of the Jews from Spain in 1492. Many other Spanish Sephardim also emigrated to Calabria following the expulsion.
Garton's first book was Rashi's commentary on the written Torah. This was printed in the city of Reggio di Calabria, in February, 1475.
Although Garton's book is the first dated printed edition, the work is neither the first edition of Rashi's commentary, nor the first book to be printed in Hebrew. Between 1469 and 1472 three brothers, Obadiah, Menasseh, and Benjamin of Rome, were active as the first Hebrew typographers. Six works are positively known to have come off their press, among which was the first, albeit undated edition of Rashi's commentary. Nonetheless, the 1475 edition Abraham Garton created and employed, for the first time, a typeface based on a Sephardic semicursive hand. It was this same style of typeface that a few years later, when commentary and text were incorporated onto one page, would be used to distinguish Rabbinic commentary from the text proper. Ultimately, this typeface would be known as Rashi script.
References
15th-century Italian Jews
Italian printers
Spanish emigrants to Italy
Printers of incunabula
People from Calabria
Gulnazar Keldi (; 20 September 1945 – 13 August 2020) was a Tajikistani poet from Dardar and editor of the publication Adabiyet va sanat (Literature and Art). Keldi wrote the lyrics of "Surudi Milli", the national anthem of Tajikistan.
He died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Tajikistan.
References
1945 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Tajikistani poets
Persian-language poets
National anthem writers
Male poets
20th-century male writers
Tajikistani male writers
People from Sughd Region
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Tajikistan
Tannum Sands is a coastal town and locality in the Gladstone Region, Queensland, Australia.
Geography
The locality is bounded to north-east by the Coral Sea, to the north-west and west by the Boyne River, and to the south-west by Station Creek. The town of Tannum Sands is located in the northern part of the locality.
Canoe Point is at the northern tip of the locality ().
The locality includes Wild Cattle Island () which is separated from the mainland east coast by a narrow channel known as Wild Cattle Creek. The island's east coast facing the Coral Sea is a long sandy strip called Wild Cattle Beach (). Most of the island is within the Wild Cattle Island National Park with the small town of Bangalee at its southern tip ().
Tannum Sands has a neighbouring twin town called Boyne Island. The two localities are separated only by the Boyne River and joined by a bridge.
Tannum Sands is primarily a tourist and residential town. It is a major residential area for the nearby Boyne Island Aluminium Smelter and Gladstone-based industries.
History
The area south of the Boyne River was originally known as Redcliff (being the colour of the stoney cliffs) and then renamed Wild Cattle Creek (being the name of the creek that flows through the area) and had been a popular fishing and picnic location for the people of Boyne Island, but remained unsettled due to its inaccessibility. Closer settlement began in the late 1930s when12 beach front lots were auctioned. The town received its original name Tannum when a group of children returned from a Sunday School picnic to the beach quite sunburnt. The comment was made "we can really tan 'um over there." One of the people present worked for the Queensland Land Department thought it would be a good name for the area and registered the name.
On 12 April 1951, the town was renamed Tannum Sands.
A bridge connecting Tannum Sands to Boyne Island was constructed as a result of the construction of the Boyne Island Aluminium Smelter. It was opened on 11 October 1980 by E.A.D. Cameron, Chairman of the Calliope Shire Council.
Tannum Sands State School was opened on 24 January 1983.
Tannum Sands State High School was opened on 22 January 1998 with 287 students in Years 7 and 8.
St Francis Catholic Primary School was opened in January 2005.
In the , the locality of Tannum Sands had a population of 5,145 people.
Education
Tannum Sands hosts a number of schools including a public primary school, a public high school, and a Catholic primary school. They draw students from both the local areas but also from the wider region including from Miriam Vale, Benaraby, and Calliope.
Tannum Sands State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at Waratah Crescent (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 736 students with 49 teachers (45 full-time equivalent) and 27 non-teaching staff (18 full-time equivalent). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 693 students with 52 teachers (46 full-time equivalent) and 35 non-teaching staff (23 full-time equivalent). It includes a special education program.
St Francis Catholic Primary School is a Catholic primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at Francis Way (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 231 students with 21 teachers (17 full-time equivalent) and 15 non-teaching staff (8 full-time equivalent). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 205 students with 21 teachers (16 full-time equivalent) and 14 non-teaching staff (6 full-time equivalent).
Tannum Sands State High School is a government secondary (7-12) school for boys and girls at 65 Coronation Drive (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 1,066 students with 86 teachers (82 full-time equivalent) and 44 non-teaching staff (31 full-time equivalent). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 986 students with 87 teachers (81 full-time equivalent) and 44 non-teaching staff (31 full-time equivalent). It includes a special education program.
Amenities
The Tannum Sands branch of the Queensland Country Women's Association meets at the QCWA Hall at 1 Steele Street.
Tannum Sands has a beach patrolled by surf lifesavers.
Sport
Boyne-Tannum has teams competing in soccer, rugby league, Australian rules football, cricket, touch football, netball, tennis, surf lifesaving, swimming, and hockey. The area has two sporting grounds: BITS (Boyne Island Tannum Sands) club for cricket, football, golf, soccer, and lawn bowls, and Dennis Park for touch football, netball, and rugby league. Within Tannum Sands itself is the Tannum Sands Tennis Association and the Tannum Sands Squash Centre. The latter also provides rock climbing and a gymnasium.
Kiteboarding is a rapidly growing sport in the region, with Tannum Sands becoming a nationally renowned location.
Tannum Sands also has a growing number of horse riders racing along the beach.
Events
Boyne Island and Tannum Sands are also home to the Boyne Tannum Hookup, Australia's largest family fishing event held on the Queens Birthday long weekend. The event is held at Bray Park. This event is very popular with more than 3,000 entrants.
The Coconet Classic is an annual kiteboaring event. It was formerly the National Kiteboarding Titles, but became an open event held during the Easter long weekend.
Tannum Sands is well known as a fishing venue with access to the Great Barrier Reef, the Boyne River and Lake Awoonga.
Hazards
Saltwater crocodiles have been sighted on Wild Cattle Island and in Wild Cattle Creek.
References
External links
Community website
University of Queensland: Queensland Places: Tannum Sands
Towns in Queensland
Coastal towns in Queensland
Gladstone Region
Localities in Queensland
Dr. Khalid J. Al-Jaber is an Assistant Professor of Political Communication at the Gulf Studies Program in Qatar University. He is also the Editor-in-Chief of The Peninsula Newspaper published by Dar Al-Sharq Press, and works as Principal at Global Media Consultants Organization in Atlanta, Georgia.
Al-Jaber is a scholar of Arab and Gulf Studies and his research focuses on political science, public diplomacy, international communications, and international relations. He has published scholarly works in several academic and professional journals, including the World Press Encyclopedia and Gazette. Al-Jaber obtained his PhD in the UK and MA in the USA. He also holds postgraduate diplomas from Fordham University, Stanford University, and Georgetown University.
Research interests
Political Communications & International Relations.
Arab world, Middle East, North Africa, & U.S. Foreign Policy Issues.
Political Science and International Affairs.
Public Relations & Public Diplomacy Studies.
Human Development & Human Rights Issues in the Arab world.
Mass Media & Communication Technology in the GCC Countries.
Cross-Cultural & Intercultural Communication Studies.
Distance learning & Online Teaching Environments.
Publications
Barrie Gunter, Mokhtar Elareshi, Khalid Al-Jaber (Eds) (2016). Social Media in the Arab world: Communication and Public Opinion in the Gulf States. London: I.B. Tauris.
Dr. Khalid Al-Jaber (2015). Arabian Tweets.
AL-Jaber. K., & Elareshi M. (2014). The Future of Media in the Arab world. Saarbrücken, Germany: LAP LAMBERT.
AL-Jaber. K., & Al-Sayed K (2013). Arab Media in a Turbulent world. Doha :Al-Sharaq Publishing Ltd. Doha.
AL-Jaber, K., & Gunter, B. (2012). Evolving the Role of News Systems in the Arabian Gulf Region. In Gunter, B. & Dickinson, R. (Eds). News Media in the Arab World. London: Bloomsbury Publishing Ltd.
AL-Jaber, K., & Gunter, B. (2012). News Developments and Changes to News Consumption Patterns in the Arab World. In Gunter, B. & Dickinson, R. (Eds). News Media in the Arab World. London: Bloomsbury Publishing Ltd.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2005). Hungry for news and information: Instrumental use of Al-Jazeera TV among viewers in the Arab World and Arab Diaspora. Journal of Middle East Media, 1(1), 21–50.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2005). Identifying with Arabic journalists: How Al-Jazeera tapped parasocial interaction gratifications in the Arab World. Gazette, 67(2), 189–204.
AL-Jaber, K. (2004). The Credibility of Arab Broadcasting: The Case of Al-Jazeera. Doha: National Council for Culture, Arts and Heritage.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2004). Who is the Aljazeera audience? Deconstructing the demographics and psychographics of an Arab satellite news network. Transnational Broadcasting Studies, 12.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2004). News credibility in the Arab World: An analysis of Arabic peoples' usage patterns of Al-Jazeera after September 11, 2001, and before the Iraq War. Paper presented to the annual Global Fusion conference, St. Louis, MO.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2003, October). The credibility of Arabic journalists in the Arab World. Paper presented at the annual international convention of the Arab-US Association for Communication Educators (AUSACE), Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2003, August). Instrumental vs. ritualized use of Arab satellite television. Paper presented to the International Communication Division at the national convention of the Association of Educations in Journalism and Mass Communication, Kansas City, MO.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2003, August). Audience perceptions of Al-Jazeera TV. In P. Auter (Chair), Al-Jazeera TV: What type of voice for the Arab World? Panel sponsored by the Radio TV Journalism Division at the national convention of the Association for Educators in Journalism and Mass Communication, Kansas City, MO.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2003, April). Parasocial interaction and Arabic people's use of Al-Jazeera TV: An exploratory analysis. First place debut paper presented to the International Division at the national convention of the Broadcast Education Association, Las Vegas, NV.
Al-Jaber, K., Auter, P. J., & Arafa, M. (2003, April). Audience gratifications from and perceptions of credibility with Al-Jazeera TV and website. In D. Boyd (Chair), The Al-Jazeera media brand: The strategy of the Arab world's first Western style news organization and its effect on consumer communities in the Middle East and around the world. Panel co-sponsored by the International; News; and Management & Sales Divisions at the national convention of the Broadcast Education Association, Las Vegas, NV.
References
External links
Qatar Perspective in The Peninsula Newspaper
Author Articles in Al-sharq
Dr. Khalid J. Al-Jaber Blog
The Future of News Media in the Arab World
News Media in the Arab World
Dr. Khalid Al-Jaber Channel on youtube
Living people
Qatar University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brock Alexander Trotter (born January 16, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Centre who was most recently under contract to Starbulls Rosenheim of the German Oberliga. He played two games in the National Hockey League with the Montreal Canadiens during the 2009–10 season.
Playing career
Trotter played collegiate hockey at the University of Denver in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association.
On April 15, 2008, Trotter was recalled from the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League. He was expected to play his first NHL game on April 19, 2008, against the Boston Bruins but was a late scratch. In the 2009–10 season on February 5, 2010 he was again recalled from Hamilton Bulldogs to Montreal. He finally made his NHL debut on February 6, 2010 against the Pittsburgh Penguins in a 5-3 victory. Playing with Bulldogs teammates Ryan White and David Desharnais, Trotter went scoreless in two games before returning to the Bulldogs to lead the team with 36 goals and place second to Desharnais with 77 points.
On July 28, 2010, Trotter left the Canadiens organization and North America as a free agent to sign a two-year contract with Latvian team Dinamo Riga of the KHL.
On July 4, 2011, Trotter signed a one-year, two-way contract to return with the Canadiens. Trotter's return to Montreal was short lived when on October 23, 2011, he was traded to the Phoenix Coyotes along with a seventh-round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft in exchange for forward Petteri Nokelainen and defenceman Garrett Stafford. He was then assigned to the Coyotes' AHL affiliate, the Portland Pirates. Trotter joined his third team in the 2011–12 season, when he was reassigned by the Coyotes as a part of an AHL trade for goaltender Peter Mannino and Kenndal McArdle to the St. John's IceCaps on March 2, 2012.
After sitting out two consecutive seasons with injury, Trotter opted to make a return to professional hockey by signing a one-month trial contract with Croatian club KHL Medveščak Zagreb of the KHL on June 24, 2014.
During the 2015–16 off season Trotter attended training camp with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League. On October 16, 2015, Trotter signed a one-year contract with Swedish club IF Björklöven of the second-tier league Hockeyallsvenskan. He spent the 2016–17 season playing in Finland's top-flight Liiga (SaiPa, Oulun Kärpät), before signing with ERC Ingolstadt of the German Deutsche Eishockey Liga in July 2017.
Before opening the 2017–18 season, Trotter was released from his contract with Ingolstadt, opting to return to North America and secure an opening night roster spot on a professional try-out with the Chicago Wolves of the AHL on October 6, 2017. He recorded 1 assist in 4 games before he was later released by the Wolves on October 25, 2017. He later joined the Stavanger Oilers of the GET-ligaen, however, he never made an appearance for the club before returning for a second stint with IF Björklöven on February 15, 2018.
In 2018–19, Trotter posted 55 points in 42 games for Dornbirner EC in the Austrian Hockey League. After spending the following season in the Slovak Extraliga with HKM Zvolen, Trotter left as a free agent and his KHL rights were reacquired by former club Dinamo Riga on May 5, 2020.
Trotter has since had spells in France with Dragons de Rouen, Romania with ASC Corona Brasov and Germany with Starbulls Rosenheim.
Then, in July 2022, Trotter signed a one-year deal with UK EIHL side Coventry Blaze. However in August 2022, it was announced Trotter would no longer be joining Coventry.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1987 births
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Croatia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Latvia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Finland
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Canadian ice hockey centres
Chicago Wolves players
Dauphin Kings players
Denver Pioneers men's ice hockey players
Dinamo Riga players
Dornbirn Bulldogs players
Dragons de Rouen players
Hamilton Bulldogs (AHL) players
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
IF Björklöven players
KHL Medveščak Zagreb players
Lincoln Stars players
Living people
Montreal Canadiens players
Oulun Kärpät players
Portland Pirates players
SaiPa players
Sportspeople from Brandon, Manitoba
Starbulls Rosenheim players
St. John's IceCaps players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
HKM Zvolen players
Shalasi () is a rural locality (a selo) in Sutbuksky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 631 as of 2010. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Shalasi is located 61 km northeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gerga and Kayakent are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Mangol () is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, North Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 215, in 63 families.
References
Populated places in Savadkuh County
General Sir George Leslie Conroy Cooper, (10 August 1925 – 6 January 2020) was a senior British Army officer who served as Adjutant-General to the Forces from 1981 to 1984.
Military career
Educated at Downside School and Trinity College, Cambridge, George Cooper was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in 1945. He joined the Bengal Sappers & Miners. He served in the Korean War and was awarded the Military Cross for his service in that campaign.
Cooper became Commander Royal Engineers in the 4th Infantry Division in 1966. He went on to become Commander, 19th Airportable Brigade in 1969, General Officer Commanding South West District in 1974 and Director of Army Staff Duties in 1976. After that he became General Officer Commanding South East District in 1979. He became Adjutant General in 1981, before retiring in 1984.
Cooper was appointed ADC General to the Queen in 1982, retaining that status until 1984. He was also appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1979, and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in 1984.
Later life and death
In retirement, Cooper became a member of the Board of Management of GEC UK. He also became a Deputy Lieutenant of Essex, and released the book Fight, Dig and Live about the part the Royal Engineers played in the Korean War.
He died in January 2020 at the age of 94.
Family
In 1957 Cooper married Cynthia Mary Hume and they had one son and one daughter.
References
|-
|-
1925 births
2020 deaths
People educated at Downside School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
British Army generals
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Bengal Engineers officers
Deputy Lieutenants of Essex
Recipients of the Military Cross
British Army personnel of the Korean War
Max Porter may refer to:
Max Porter (footballer)
Max Porter (animator)
Max Porter (writer)
Posting or postadh (Scottish Gaelic) is a term formerly used in Scotland for a process in washing clothes. It means to trample with the feet, or the act of trampling or treading. In scouring woollen clothing, blankets or coarse linen, when the strength of the arms and manual friction are found insufficient, Highland women put them in a tub with a prop – or quantity of water, then, with petticoats tucked up, they began to "post", which they continued until every part of the clothes received an effectual cleansing. When three women were employed, one usually tramped in the middle, and the other two tramped around her. Treading cloth with the feet, a time-consuming and laborious practice, has long been superseded by mechanical methods, starting in the Industrial Revolution.
There is some overlap with the process of making cloth, in that both involve textiles immersed in water. The processing of woollen cloth, known in English as fulling or tucking, was "waulking" in Scots, hence the waulking songs that the women sang as they worked.
See also
List of laundry topics
Grape treading, which used to be a step in the process of making wine, using the feet to crush the fruit
Washerwoman
References
(Postadh)
Laundry
History of clothing
Scottish clothing
Foot
Gendered occupations
Scottish words and phrases
The Adult Migrant English Program (AMEP) is a free English tuition service funded by the Australian federal government to assist eligible migrants and humanitarian entrants with low English levels to improve their English language skills and increase their participation socially and economically in the Australian community.
The AMEP was established in 1948 and assists around 50,000 to 60,000 eligible migrants and humanitarian entrants each year. The program is available to permanent visa holders, some temporary visa holders and Australian citizens who previously held a permanent visa aged 18 years and over. People aged 15–17 years old can also participate in AMEP in some circumstances.
The AMEP is delivered at approximately 300 locations across Australia in major cities, as well as regional and remote areas. A range of flexible English learning options are offered, including face-to-face and online classes, a volunteer tutor scheme and distance learning. Free childcare is available for families with under school-aged children while they are participating in classes.
Significant reforms were made to the AMEP with effect from 19 April 2021, which allow more migrants to stay in the program for longer and until they reach a higher level of proficiency.
People interested in learning English with the AMEP can find further information on the Australian government Department of Home Affairs website or should contact their local AMEP provider.
References
Australian Government Department of Home Affairs
Australian migration law
Australian English
Refugees in Australia
Epiphyllum pumilum is a cactus species native to Mexico and Guatemala. The species is commonly grown as an ornamental for its beautiful, fragrant flowers in the summer.
Etymology
This specific epithet refers to the relatively small flowers of this species. History F. Eichlam found these cacti in Guatemala and sent a living specimen to the U. S. which flowered in Washington on October 3, 1912. It had previously been collected at several occasions but passed as E. pittieri. Unaware of its variable nature, Britton and Rose described the same species again in the same paper, under the name E. caudatum. This time from a specimen collected in Oaxaca, Mexico collected by E. W. Nelson in 1894. Later the same year, Vaupel transferred the two taxa to Phyllocactus, an invalid name used in Europe by that time.
Origin and habitat
Mexico (Vera Cruz, Tabasco, Oaxaca, Chiapas) to the lowlands of Guatemala.
Systematics
This species is closely related to Epiphyllum oxypetalum and differs mainly in its smaller flowers.
Cultivation
Easily cultivated and fast growing. Needs a compost containing plenty of humus and plenty of moisture in summer. Will not tolerate low winter temperatures, around 12 °C (53,5 °F) will be more suitable. Best grown in semi-shade. Usually flowers in summer or in the early autumn.
Description
Stems erect, later ascending becoming pendent, to 5 m long or more, woody at base, profusely branched, primary stems, terete for 80–150 cm, secondary stems and apical parts of primary stems flat (rarely 3-angled), elongated-lanceolate, terete at base, 10–60 cm long, 3-8,5 cm wide, acute to long acuminate, rather thick when mature, margins remotely toothed to indented, shallowly undulate or shallowly crenate; epidermis green. Flowers 10–15 cm long, nocturnal and fragrant; pericarpel ca 12 mm long, 8 mm thick, green, bracteoles 1 mm long, orbicular, reddish, nude or with 1 bristle, less than 1 mm long; receptacle 5–7 cm long, 5 mm thick, greenish white to reddish, bracteoles few, very small, ascending and appressed, without spines or hairs, red: outer petals linear, 4–9 cm long, ca 5 mm wide, greenish or reddish, acute; inner petals white, linear-lanceolate to lanceolate, acuminate, 3–6 cm long, white; stamens inserted in 2 zones, white, anthers creamy white; style slender, 4–9 cm long, white. Fruit ovoid, 2,5 cm thick, brilliant cerice, 5-7 angled, bracteoles few, ascending, pulp white, sweet, seeds minute, black.
Night-blooming plants
pumilum
Mike Rimbaud is an American guitarist, singer and painter.
Music career
Starting his career by performing in the cafes and clubs of New York City, Rimbaud signed in 1990 with a French record label. His debut album Mutiny in the Subway was recorded downtown at Baby Monster Studios with the help of Andrea Pennisi on percussion and Lee Kostrinsky on bass.
Rimbaud moved to Paris in 1991, he recorded his second album Funeral Lover in both New York (Baby Monster Studios) and Paris (Mixit Studio). In 1993, Elliott Murphy produced the third CD, Red Light. The original songs include "Romantic Depressive" and "You Looked Good in Hell." Returning to live in New York in 1994 (where he has resided since), Rimbaud continues to write and perform with his band, The Subway Sun. Rimbaud releases Graffiti Trees in 1997.
In 2002, Rimbaud recorded an acoustic album, Beast of Broadway with some songs produced by Brian Ritchie of the Violent Femmes. These songs were written in Brazil and New York and recorded in lower Manhattan. 2003 saw the release of Light of Day a tribute to Bruce Springsteen, with Rimbaud's rockabilly inspired rendition of Atlantic City. He also performed at the Stone Pony with other artists to help promote the CD. Between 2004 and 2008 Rimbaud continued to record and perform with his band The Subway Sun, this coincides with shows of his paintings, a series of over 50 portraits of Lower East Siders, portraits of American, French and Haitian Revolutionaries and paintings from Brazil.
Rimbaud has been compared to Bruce Springsteen, Elvis Costello and Gene Vincent among others, but his songwriting style and voice have always been unique. Although his career has remained in the underground, he has continued to be a prolific songwriter sometimes commenting on current events with his songs such as; "Stimulus Baby", "Katrina Comes Again", "Saving Up to Go Bankrupt" and "Mother Nature's Nervous Breakdown." He also speaks about New York life, "King of Staten Island," and relationships, "You Make Love Like War," "Girlfriend Lost and Found." As a performer, he has toured Europe and the US with his band as well as a solo artist.
Rimbaud regularly exhibits his paintings, his subject mater include cityscapes, dinosaurs, subway scenes and burlesque dancers. In 2010 he releases a 16 track CD, What Was I Thinking? and music video for his song "Miami High". A 6-CD box set, "An Underground Life in NYC" was also released in Europe in 2010, distributed by Sony.
In summer 2011, Rimbaud puts out his 7th album, Coney Island Wave includes the singles, "Dance with A Mermaid" and "Every One Needs a Daddy" with a video filmed in Nashville. Also in 2011, Rimbaud released an album of cover tunes, "Can't Judge a Song By Its Cover" where he interprets Phil Ochs, The Beatles, Bob Marley, Jobim, among others. He also put out "Soundtrack for a Human Being," a compilation of his songs, including the new "One Percent Feeling Lonely." In 2012 Rimbaud's song "Saving Up To Go Bankrupt" was included on the "Occupy This Album" collection, benefiting the Occupy Wall Street movement. "Night Rainbow" inspired by hurricane Sandy and the Occupy movement was released in February 2013. Rimbaud made several music videos for "Night Rainbow" including, "Rainbow Tonight," "Sandy Must be Crazy," "Jackhammer Jones," and "Robin Hood in Reverse." In 2014 Rimbaud released an original take on Led Zeppelin's classic "Stairway to Heaven" as a single, including a music video, he also recorded a cover of the 1950s hit "Love Is Strange." In September 2014 Rimbaud released his latest 10-song album, "Put That dream in Your Pipe and Smoke It," recorded in New York City and released on Subway Sun records. The first music video from the album is called "Frequent Flyer Subway Rider."
Discography
Put That dream in Your Pipe and Smoke It, 2014
Night Rainbow, 2013
Coney Island Wave, 2011
Can't Judge a Song By Cover, 2011
Sound Track for a Human Being, 2011
What Was I Thinking, 2010
An Underground Life in NYC (6-CD box set), 2010
Beast of Broadway, 2003
Graffiti Trees, 1997
DawnTown Project, 1995
Red Light, 1993
Funeral Lover, 1991
Mutiny in the Subway, 1990
External links
Official site www.mikerimbaud.com
Reverb Nation site: http://www.reverbnation.com/mikerimbaud
The Artwork of Mike Rimbaud
"Night Rainbow" review from New York Music Daily, February 2013:
Soundtrack For a Human Being, 2011
Can't Judge a Song By Cover, 2011
References
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Singers from New York City
American male painters
Guitarists from New York City
American male guitarists
Aspex Portsmouth (also known as "Aspex") is a contemporary visual art gallery located in the Gunwharf Quays area of Portsmouth.
Formed in 1981 as the exhibitions arm of Art Space Portsmouth in a converted chapel in Brougham Road, Southsea, the gallery became a separate legal entity in the early 1990s. It then moved to The Vulcan Building (a former Royal Navy storehouse) in Gunwharf Quays in 2006. The name 'Aspex' is derived from 'Art Space Exhibitions'. Art Space Portsmouth, who provide studio space to local artists, continue to be based at the Brougham Road site.
The gallery specialises in supporting artists at the early stages of their career. Notable artists that have exhibited at the gallery include Richard Wilson in 1983 and Helen Chadwick. The work exhibited by Chadwick, Ego Geometria Sum, is now part of the Tate collection.
In 2003 the gallery announced the first Emergency award, an open submission exhibition that would take place every two years, to be judged by a panel of artists, gallerists and curators. The first shortlist exhibition featured several artists who are now of some renown, including David Blandy, Juneau Projects and the eventual winner Susan Collis.
Aspex was instrumental in bringing Heather and Ivan Morison's 'Luna Park' to Portsmouth in August 2010, in conjunction with Chapter, Cardiff, firstsite, Colchester and Safle. Part of the installation was "Ultrasauros", a 53-foot recreation of the dinosaur of the same name on Southsea Common.
References
External links
official site
Art museums established in 1981
Art museums and galleries in Hampshire
Contemporary art galleries in England
Modern art museums
Exempt charities
Charities based in Hampshire
Bhadra or Bhadrapada or Bhādo or Bhadraba
(Bengali: ভাদ্র bhādro; )
(Hindi: भादों bhādo; )(Sanskrit: भाद्रपद bhādrapada;) ( Bhādra;) ( Bhadraba;) () is the sixth month of the Hindu calendar, which falls in August and September of the Gregorian calendar. In India's national civil calendar (Shaka calendar), Bhadra is the sixth month of the year, beginning on 23 August and ending on 22 September. In Vedic Jyotish, Bhadra begins with the Sun's entry into Leo and is usually the fifth month of the year.
In lunar religious calendars, Bhadra begins on the new moon or full moon in August or September and is the sixth month of the year. The festival of Ganesha Chaturthi, which celebrates the birthday of Ganesha, is observed from 4-10 Bhadrapada in the bright fortnight (Shukla Paksha) and is the main holiday of the year in Maharashtra. Per Shaka calendar, the dark fortnight (Krishna Paksha) of Bhadrapada is reserved for the veneration of the dead. This period is known as Pitru Paksha.
In the Vaishnava calendar, Hrishikesh governs this month.
Lord Krishna was born on the eighth day of Krishna Paksha of Bhadrapada (according to the purnimanta tradition) and Lady Radha was born on the eighth day of Shukla Paksha of Bhadrapada. Vaishnavas and some Shaivites fast during the whole month of "Purattasi" in Tamil Nadu and visit Vaishnava temples on Saturday.
Events
Festivals
Krishna Janmashtami (purnimanta tradition)
Radhastami / Radha Janmashtami
Haritalika Tritiya
Ganesh Chaturthi
Karam
Rishi Panchami
Shukla Chaturdashi: Anant Chaturdashi
Purnima: Madhu Purnima
See also
Astronomical basis of the Hindu calendar
Hindu units of measurement
Hindu astronomy
Jyotish
References
06
() is an agricultural valley in northeastern Iceland, approximately 10 km northeast of Akureyri. Fnjóská, a popular salmon angling river and the longest spring-fed river in Iceland, runs through the valley. The river originates on Sprengisandur in the Highlands of Iceland.
Overview
Vaglaskógur, the second largest forest in Iceland, is located around the center of the valley. Other woods in Fnjóskadalur are Lundsskógur and Þórðarstaðaskógur south of Vaglaskógur, and Skuggabjargarskógur in Dalsmynni, the extreme northern portion of the valley.
Þverá is the northernmost farm in Fnjóskadalur, located where the valley branches into Dalsmynni to the northwest, leading to sea in Eyjafjörður; and the much longer Flateyjardalur to the northeast, leading to sea in Skjálfandi bay.
Etymology
The name Fnjóskadalur is formed from the Icelandic words (a dry piece of wood) and (dale; valley).
References
Valleys of Iceland
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1598.
Events
Before September – A second edition of Love's Labour's Lost appears in London as the first known printing of a Shakespeare play to have his name on the title page ("Newly corrected and augmented by W. Shakespere").
February 23 – Thomas Bodley refounds the Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford.
March 28 – Philip Henslowe contracts Edward Alleyn and Thomas Heywood to act for the Admiral's Men in London for two years.
April 30 – A comedy, by anonymous playwriter about an expedition of soldiers, is very first theatrical performance in North America staged near El Paso for Spanish colonists.
May 3 – The Spanish playwright Lope de Vega marries for the second time, to Juana de Guardo.
c. May – The premiėre of William Haughton's Englishmen for My Money, or, A Woman Will Have Her Will introduces what is seen as the first city comedy, probably by the Admiral's Men at London's Rose Theatre.
c. July/September – Ben Jonson's comedy of humours Every Man in His Humour is probably first performed, by the Lord Chamberlain's Men at the Curtain Theatre, London, perhaps with Shakespeare playing Kno'well.
September 7 – Francis Meres' Palladis Tamia, Wits Treasury is registered for publication, including the first list and critical discussion of Shakespeare's works; he also mentions that Shakespeare's "sugar'd sonnets" are circulating privately.
September 22 – Ben Jonson kills actor Gabriel Spenser in a duel in London and is briefly held in Newgate Prison, but escapes capital punishment by pleading benefit of clergy.
October – Edmund Spenser's castle at Kilcolman, County Cork, near Doneraile in Ireland, is burned down by native forces under Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone. Spenser leaves for London shortly after.
November 25 – Henry Chettle is paid for "mending" a play about Robin Hood to make it suitable for performance at court.
December 28 – London's The Theatre is dismantled.
unknown dates
Lancelot Andrewes turns down the bishoprics of Ely and Salisbury.
The English poet Barnabe Barnes is prosecuted in the Star Chamber for attempted murder of one John Browne, first by offering him a poisoned lemon and then by sweetening his wine with sugar laced with mercury sublimate; Browne survives both attempts.
John Marston's The Metamorphosis of Pigmalion's Image and Certaine Satyres begins a trend in English satirical writing that leads to official suppression in the following year.
New books
Prose
John Bodenham – Politeuphuia (Wits' Commonwealth)
John Florio – A World of Words, Italian/English dictionary, the first dictionary published in England to use quotations ("illustrations") for meaning to the words
Emanuel Ford – Parismus, the Renowned Prince of Bohemia (first part)
King James VI of Scotland – The Trew Law of Free Monarchies
Francis Meres – Palladis Tamia
Merkelis Petkevičius –
John Stow – Survey of London
Zhao Shizhen – Shenqipu (3rd century, possible first publication)
Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer – Enchuyser zeecaertboeck (Enkhuizen book of sea charts)
Drama
Anonymous
The Famous Victories of Henry V earliest known publication
Mucedorus published
The Pilgrimage to Parnassus (the earliest possible date of composition)
Jakob Ayrer
Von der Erbauung Roms (The Building of Rome)
Von der schönen Melusina (Fair Melusina)
Samuel Brandon – Virtuous Octavia
Henry Chettle, Henry Porter and Ben Jonson – Hot Anger Soon Cold
Robert Greene – The Scottish History of James IV published
William Haughton – Englishmen for My Money
Ben Jonson – Every Man in His Humour
Anthony Munday – The Downfall of Robert Earl of Huntingdon
Anthony Munday (and Henry Chettle?) – The Death of Robert Earl of Huntingdon
Henry Porter – Love Prevented
William Shakespeare
Henry IV, Part 1 (published)
Love's Labour's Lost (published)
Poetry
Richard Barnfield
The Encomium of Lady Pecunia
Poems in Divers Humours
George Chapman – translation of Homer's Iliad into English
Lope de Vega – La Arcadia and La Dragontea
Christopher Marlowe – Hero and Leander (completed by Chapman following Marlowe's death)
John Marston – The Metamorphosis of Pigmalian's Image and The Scourge of Villanie
Births
March 12 – Guillaume Colletet, French writer (died 1659)
March 13 – Johannes Loccenius, German historian (died 1677)
July 29 – Henricus Regius, Dutch philosopher and correspondent of René Descartes (died 1679)
August 7 – Georg Stiernhielm, Swedish poet (died 1672)
unknown date – Johann George Moeresius, German poet (died 1657)
Deaths
January 2 - Morris Kyffin, Welsh soldier and author (born c.1555)
January 9 – Jasper Heywood, English translator (born 1535)
February 27 – Friedrich Dedekind, German theologian (born 1524)
April 10 – Jacopo Mazzoni, Italian philosopher (born 1548)
August – Alexander Montgomerie, outlawed Scottish poet (born c. 1545/1550)
December 6 – Paolo Paruta, Venetian historian (born 1540)
December 15 – Philips van Marnix, lord of Sint-Aldegonde, Dutch statesman and author (born 1540)
December 31 – Heinrich Rantzau, German humanist writer (born 1526)
unknown date – David Powel, Welsh historian who popularised continuing legends such as that of Prince Madoc (born c. 1549)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Sahara is a 1972 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner, his first to be released on the Milestone label. It was recorded in January 1972 and features performances by Tyner with saxophonist Sonny Fortune, bassist Calvin Hill, and drummer Alphonse Mouzon. The music shows African and Eastern influences and features all the musicians playing multiple instruments, with Tyner himself utilizing koto, flute, and percussion in addition to his usual piano.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Brian Olewnick states "Tyner would go on to create several fine albums in the mid-'70s, but never again would he scale quite these heights. Sahara is an astonishingly good record and belongs in every jazz fan's collection".
In addition to its critical praise, the album is also considered Tyner's commercial breakthrough; it sold over 100,000 copies and was nominated for two Grammys.
Track listing
All compositions by McCoy Tyner
"Ebony Queen" — 9:00
"A Prayer for My Family" — 4:48
"Valley of Life" — 5:19
"Rebirth" — 5:20
"Sahara" — 23:27
Personnel
McCoy Tyner - piano, koto (3), percussion (5), flute (5)
Sonny Fortune - alto saxophone (4), soprano saxophone (1, 5), flute (3, 5)
Calvin Hill - bass, reeds (3, 5), percussion (3, 5)
Alphonse Mouzon - drums, trumpet (5), reeds (5), percussion (3, 5)
References
McCoy Tyner albums
1972 albums
Milestone Records albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
The cervical canal is the spindle-shaped, flattened canal of the cervix, the neck of the uterus.
Anatomy
The cervical canal communicates with the uterine cavity via the internal orifice of the uterus (or internal os) and with the vagina via the external orifice of the uterus (ostium of uterus or external os). The internal orifice of the uterus is an interior narrowing of the uterine cavity. It corresponds to a slight constriction known as the isthmus that can be seen on the surface of the uterus about midway between the apex and base. The external orifice of the uterus is a small, depressed, somewhat circular opening on the rounded extremity of the cervix, opening to the vagina. Through this aperture, the cervical cavity communicates with that of the vagina.
The external orifice is bounded by two lips, an anterior and a posterior. The anterior is shorter and thicker, though it projects lower than the posterior because of the slope of the cervix. Normally, both lips are in contact with the posterior vaginal wall. Prior to pregnancy the external orifice has a rounded shape when viewed through the vaginal canal (as through a speculum). Following parturition, the orifice takes on an appearance more like a transverse slit or is "H-shaped".
The wall of the canal presents an anterior and a posterior longitudinal ridge, from each of which proceed a number of small oblique columns, the palmate folds, giving the appearance of branches from the stem of a tree; to this arrangement the name arbor vitae uteri is applied.
The folds on the two walls are not exactly opposed, but fit between one another so as to close the cervical canal.
Histology
The cervical canal is generally lined by "endocervical mucosa" which consists of a single layer of mucinous columnar epithelium. However, after menopause, the functional squamocolumnar junction moves into the cervical canal, and hence the distal part of the cervical canal may be lined by stratified squamous epithelium (conforming to a "type 3 transformation zones").
Pathology
The endocervical mucosa is a site from which adenocarcinoma can arise. Endocervical adenocarcinoma, like cervical cancer (squamous cell carcinoma), often arises in the milieu of human papilloma virus infection.
As most endometrial cancers are adenocarcinomas, differentiation of endocervical adenocarcinoma and endometrial adenocarcinomas is required, as the treatment differs. Immunohistochemical staining is often helpful in this regard, endocervical adenocarcinomas are typically CEA and p16 positive and estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor and vimentin negative.
See also
Cervical pregnancy
References
Mammal female reproductive system
The Intercontinental Church of God (ICG) is a nontrinitarian Christian denomination currently headquartered in Tyler, Texas, United States, which was founded by Garner Ted Armstrong (1930–2003) in 1998.
ICG produces a television program and has congregations in the United States, Canada and Australia.
Beliefs
The Intercontinental Church of God is a splinter group of the U.S. based Church of God International. As such it holds to most of the distinctive beliefs taught by the Church of God International (United States) such as the continuing validity of the Law of Moses (e.g., observing Saturday as the seventh day sabbath and observing the biblical holy days) by Christians, and the falsity of the Trinity, personality of the Holy Spirit, and immortality of the soul. A veracity interpretation of biblical prophecy is strongly emphasized, particularly through their sister ministry, the Garner Ted Armstrong Evangelistic Association.
See also
Herbert W. Armstrong
Church of God, International
The World Tomorrow (radio and television)
References
Bibliography
"Garner Ted Armstrong and CGI Parting", The Journal – News of the Churches of God, Issue No. 12 (January 30, 1998)
"Garner Ted Armstrong", National Obituary Archive
"1998", The Journal – News of the Churches of God, Timeline 1998
External links
Intercontinental Church of God website
Garner Ted Armstrong Evangelistic Association website
Church of God (Armstrong)
Church of God denominations
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
Nontrinitarian denominations
Christian organizations established in 1998
Seventh-day denominations
Flavobacterium columnare is a thin Gram-negative rod bacterium of the genus Flavobacterium. The name derives from the way in which the organism grows in rhizoid columnar formations.
The species was first described by Davis (1922), and the name was validated by Bernardet and Grimont (1989).
Flavobacterium columnare can be identified in the laboratory by a five-step method that demonstrates:
the ability to grow on a medium containing neomycin and polymyxin B
production of yellow pigmented rhizoid (root-like in appearance) colonies
production of a gelatin-degrading enzyme
binding of Congo red dye to the colony
production of a chondroitin sulfate-degrading enzyme
The species has been known previously as Flexibacter columnaris, Bacillus columnaris, and Cytophaga columnaris.
Flavobacterium columnare is one of the oldest known diseases among warm-water fish, and manifests itself as an infection commonly known as columnaris. Infections are the second leading cause of mortality in pond raised catfish in the southeastern United States.
References
External links
Type strain of Flavobacterium columnare at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacterial diseases of fish
columnare
Bacteria described in 1989
Gliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 2017 Pro12 Grand Final was the final match of the 2016–17 Pro12 season. The 2016–17 season was the third with Guinness as the title sponsor and the eighth ever League Grand Final. The final was played at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin.
The game was contested by Scarlets and Munster with Scarlets winning 46-22.
Route to the final
2017 Playoffs
The semi-finals followed a 1 v 4, 2 v 3 system with the games being played at the home ground of the higher placed teams.
Pre-match
The match was shown live on Sky Sports in Ireland and the UK, and on TG4 in Ireland, and on BBC Cymru Wales in Wales. Munster wore navy for the final with the Scarlets in red following a coin toss that took place in advance of the semi finals.
On 23 May it was announced that referee Nigel Owens would take charge of the final. It was the fifth final that he has refereed.
Match
Summary
Scarlets were dominant in the first half and had a 29–10 lead at the break after scoring four tries. They went on to add another two in the second half with Munster adding two late consolation tries.
Details
References
2016
2016–17 Pro12
2016–17 in Irish rugby union
2016–17 in Welsh rugby union
Munster Rugby matches
Scarlets match
Przewodów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village is located in the historical region Galicia.
The village has a population of 710.
The village, among with others near by, was part of Ukraine until the Poles burnt down the villages, and forced people to move to other parts of Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Gymnastics at the European Games refers to instances where events in the field of gymnastics were held as part of the European Games.
These include:
Gymnastics at the 2015 European Games. Gymnastics competitions at the 2015 European Games were held in the National Gymnastics Arena, Baku between 15–20 June 2015. In all, five different disciplines were contested. In addition to the existing Olympic programme, additional events were held in both the rhythmic gymnastics and trampolining disciplines. In addition, events in two non-Olympic disciplines, aerobic gymnastics and acrobatic gymnastics were included.
Gymnastics at the 2019 European Games. Gymnastics competitions at the 2019 European Games in Minsk, Belarus, were held from 22 to 30 June 2019 at the Minsk-Arena. A total of 32 gymnastics events were held in the five disciplines; artistic, rhythmic, trampolining, aerobic and acrobatic.
These events should not to be confused with the European Artistic Gymnastics Championships which are held as stand-alone Championships, or form part of the European Championships multi-sport event; in both those cases the events held by the governing body of European gymnastics, and the winners are considered European champions. The events in this article are organised by the European Olympic Committees in the Olympic tradition, and the champions of these events are solely European Games champions.
All-time medal table
References
The Lonely Man is a 1957 American Western film directed by Henry Levin and written by Harry Essex and Robert Smith. The film stars Jack Palance, Anthony Perkins, Neville Brand, Robert Middleton, Elisha Cook, Jr., Claude Akins and Lee Van Cleef. The film was released on June 21, 1957, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Riley Wade hates his gunfighter father, Jacob, for deserting Riley's mother, who then committed suicide. Jacob rides to Red Bluff hoping to reconcile with his son, unaware that King Fisher holds a grudge and intends to shoot down Jacob, first chance.
Riley accompanies his father on the trail, setting their family ranch ablaze first, never letting him out of his sight. Jacob's sight, meantime, is fading; he is slowly going blind, a fact he hides from his son. Riley refuses to forgive his father until old friend Ben Ryerson explains to him that Jacob didn't desert his mother at all.
King comes to town with his men. Riley, aware for the first time of his father's failing vision, acts as his eyes in directing Jacob where to shoot. King's men die and he tries to sneak away, but he and Jacob end up in a showdown anyway and kill one another. Jacob dies in his son's arms.
Cast
Jack Palance as Jacob Wade
Anthony Perkins as Riley Wade
Neville Brand as King Fisher
Elaine Aiken as Ada Marshall
Robert Middleton as Ben Ryerson
Elisha Cook, Jr. as Willie
Claude Akins as Blackburn
Lee Van Cleef as Faro
Harry Shannon as Dr. Fisher
James Bell as Judge Hart
Adam Williams as Lon
Denver Pyle as Brad
John Doucette as Sundown Whipple
Paul Newlan as Fence Green
Tennessee Ernie Ford as Singer
References
External links
1957 films
Paramount Pictures films
American Western (genre) films
1957 Western (genre) films
Films directed by Henry Levin
Revisionist Western (genre) films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
During the 2010–11 season Ross County competed in the Scottish First Division, Challenge Cup, Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Cup.
Summary
Ross County finished eighth in the First Division. They won the Challenge Cup, defeating Queen of the South 2–0 in the final, the second round of the League Cup and were eliminated in the fourth round of the Scottish Cup after a replay.
Management
They started season 2010–11 under the management of Derek Adams. On 11 November 2010, Adams resigned to become assistant manager of Hibernian with Craig Brewster becoming caretaker manager. On 25 November 2010, Willie McStay was appointed as manager, however after failing to win a game in his nine games in charge on 13 February 2011, he was sacked by the club. Four days later Jimmy Calderwood was appointed as manager until the end of the season.
Results and fixtures
Scottish First Division
Scottish Challenge Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Cup
League table
See also
List of Ross County F.C. seasons
References
Ross County
2010andndash;11
Ceilândia Sul is a Brasília Metro station on Green line. It was opened for full service on 23 April 2007 as the west terminus of the section between Praça do Relógio and Ceilândia Sul, though the shuttle service at this section started in November 2006. On 16 April 2008 the line was extended to Terminal Ceilândia. The station is located between Centro Metropolitano and Guariroba.
References
Brasília Metro stations
2007 establishments in Brazil
Railway stations opened in 2007
Carl Atkinson (-1985) was a renowned Australian diver and salvage expert from Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia.
Diving
Atkinson lived at Doctor's Gully from 1945 to 1979, where he lived with his pet crocodile named Cuthbert, a snake named Sammy and many dogs. He is attributed with starting the practice of fish feeding, which locals and visitors to Doctor's Gully continue to do today.
Atkinson was an experienced diver for decades. He assisted police on several occasions with search and retrieval work.
Atkinson built a decompression chamber which was used by Japanese pearl divers to prevent suffering the ‘bends' after diving. He is known to have saved at least 16 pearl divers lives with this equipment.
Salvage work
After World War II, Atkinson began acquiring the rights to salvage Darwin's wartime wrecks. With permission from the US Government, he salvaged the cargo of in 1946 including Jeeps, Ford and Chevrolet trucks. Controversy erupted when Atkinson was required to pay heavy duty sales tax on the cargo. He nearly died during the salvage mission when his speedboat sank, leaving him adrift in Darwin Harbour for 11 hours.
He also discovered the location of . In 1958, Atkinson sold the salvage rights to four wrecks to Japanese company Nanyo Boeki Kaisha Ltd, ahead of the Fujita salvage operation in 1959.
References
People from Darwin, Northern Territory
Australian underwater divers
1985 deaths
Year of birth missing
Marine salvage
SpringSpree, sometimes written as Spring Spree and popularly known as Spree, is the annual cultural festival of the National Institute of Technology, Warangal. Soon to be in its 29th edition this cultural fest has the distinction of being one among the largest cultural fests of South India. With a footfall of around 10,000 and participation of around 600 colleges and increasing this fest has come a long way from its humble inception in 1978. Spring Spree today has an impressive array of events to cater to every possible personality. It covers every possible genre in music, dance, literature, art and gaming. Also an important part of this fest today are the workshops on subjects ranging from ethical hacking to the basics of a guitar. Also this fest has stepped up with time to include the celebs of the day. Some of the prominent personalities who have visited the campus during this very fest are Suraj Jagan, Suchitra, Sobhita Dhulipala, KK, Shobha Naidu, Baiju Dharmajan, Naresh Iyer and Stephen Devassy. The themes of Spring Spree have ranged from Renaissance, Rubaroo India, Carnival, Fantasia and World Fest for the year 2015.
Conception
It started as an intercollegiate annual sports and cultural event held between January and March. The idea was that they should have an annual gathering to showcase their skills in the non-technical aspects. The students in the college came from different regions of the country, the fest would also be instrumental in binding them together as diverse citizens of a united country. It would also serve as a platform for people to recognize and respect the diverse regions of the country for what they are. This idea gained huge prominence and it was conducted annually till the early 2000s. This was the first ever cultural fest in the whole of South India and has maintained ranks among its best few.
After early 2000s in 2006 the clubs and committees of the college conducted a small level fest called Elysium. The revival was complete when, in 2007, Spring Spree was brought back and has since been an annual event. Spree took a huge jump where, one of the India's best playback singer KK and one of the top 10 finalists of Indian Idol performed live for Spring Spree 2013. 2014 saw the likes of Suraj Jagan and Suchitra perform. The first pronite was a Sunburn Campus nite and bands like Baiju Dharmajan Syndicate and Gino Banks performed. Spring Spree is now one of the largest cultural festivals of India.
Events
Competitions
Spring Spree conducts over 75 events in the span of 3 days, with various events in the fields
of art, literature, drama, dance, music, photography and painting which include 7 Spotlights Allure - Fashion Show, IRA - Rock band Competition, Idol - Singing Competition, Tear it Up - BBoying Competition, GameDome - Video Gaming, NITMUN - NIT Model United Nations, War of DJs - DJ Competition.
Other popular events include Chitr- Painting Competition, StreetX - Street Football and Gully Cricket, Dance Events - Group, Solo and Pair Dance, Director's Cut - Short Film Contest, Skit, Sand Arts, T-shirt Designing, Tattoo making and many more. In 2013 it had an ethical hacking workshop conducted by. Spring Spree boasts of a
national video gaming competition among its spotlights known as Gamedome featuring the most popular games like Age of Empires, DotA, Counter-Strike, FIFA
and Need for Speed. To cater to the young entrepreneurs there sessions involving business planning and stock
marketing is a part and parcel of Spring Spree. Spring Spree not only serves as a platform for art buffs and dance enthusiasts but it also serves as a great platform for analysts and hackers also.
Spotlights
Spotlights are mainstream events in SpringSpree. These events are a part and parcel of Spree. the spotlights are Allure - Fashion Show, IRA - Rock band Competition, Idol - Singing Competition, Tear it Up - BBoying Competition, GameDome - Video Gaming, NITMUN - NIT Model United Nations, War of DJs - DJ Competition. The spotlights receive a lot of attention for their adrenaline and the cash prizes. They are well attended in terms of participation and audience.
Idol
Idol is the mainstream competition for singers, wherein well-known singers judge their competence. This spotlight was judged by TIA KAR in 2013.
GameDome
GameDome is one of the largest student-organised gaming event in South-India. It hosts competitive games such as Counter-Strike, FIFA, Need for Speed, DOTA, League of Legends, Age of Empires along with Overwatch, Fortnite, World of Warcraft, Doodle Army 2: Mini Militia, Clash of Clans etc. The event sees hundreds of selected players from all over the country.
iRA
iRA is a competition held between homegrown college rock bands. The contestant bands perform their own rock music compositions and the
winner is decided by the crowd. This Spotlight has become synonymous with the final day celebrations of Spring Spree. The iRA competition is an effort to nurture the growing taste in rock music among Indian students today and provides a platform for the upcoming bands all over the country.
Allure
Spring spree boasts of Allure a competition for the fashionista of India. 2011 saw a faceoff between the host and SRM, Chennai.
The competition is judged by people matching up to the level of glamour that it provides. Usually the judges are models, actresses or others related to the fashion world. Spring Spree 2010 and 2011 saw judges like Rakhi Sharma and Mahima Sandoval (Miss Spain 2009 contestant) as judges.
In 2013 it was judged by TIA KAR and in 2014 by Sobhita Dhulipala. Eyetex Dazzler will be sponsoring Allure for 2015.
Tear It Up
B'boying crews across India are invited to compete with each other in this Spotlight event. Popular crews like Freak N' Style have graced the occasion. Tear it Up generally sees participation from five to six colleges every year and has been part of Spring Spree for more than five years. In 2014 the winner of the world B'boying championship judged the competition.
Dancing crews are asked to pick a song of their choice to which they must do their routine. They must prove and showcase their creativity, synchronization, uniqueness, song choice, attitude, overall ability to dance etc. Participants must advance through a various number of rounds to
reach the finals. Spring Spree 2011 saw German B'Boying legend Zeb.roc.ski do some of his famous moves, as well as head the judging panel.
NITMUN (National Institute of Technology Model United Nations)
Students from participating colleges are assigned their countries prior to the start of the Model United Nations event. They are required to do previous research on their respective countries, the issues their countries face, and possible the possible outcomes of the policies they are to follow. In the NITW
simulation of the United Nations, the delegates from various colleges
will engage in discussions to converge on resolutions and policies about current, pressing issues. Delegates are encouraged to present solutions to the problems presented in each discussion.
Pronites
Pronites are what Spring Spree calls the concerts conducted during the three days of Spree.
Famous musicians are invited to close each day of the fest with a bang. In the years prior, NITW
has seen the likes of Naresh Iyer and Stephen Devassy.
Indian rock bands like Parikrama and others also performed.
Bollywood Playback singer, KK performed live on the 23rd of February at Spring Spree. Spree 2013 saw performances by Suraj Jagan, Suchitra, Gino Banks, Baiju Dharmajan and also saw the presence of Sobhita Dhulipala who judged Allure. Spring Spree has also had the British band Xerath perform in 2012 along with Vijay Prakash.
Workshops
Workshops are conducted in every possible field related to culture. The workshops range from
acting, graffiti, painting, sketching, movie making, creative writing etc. Each workshop has a
fee and is taught by a recognized professional in the field. In the 2011 edition the Graffiti workshop was taught by the famous German graffiti artist Loomit. In 2014 the workshops conducted were Guitar Workshop by Baiju Dharmajan (popularly known as the God of Small Strings), Animagic Workshop- 3D Animation Workshop, Cyber Forensics and Ethical Hacking Workshop, DSLR Workshop by Nikon, Rubik's Cube Workshop
and Cartooning Workshop.
Sponsors and past associates
Various corporations have sponsored Spring Spree including Murugappa Group. Airtel, Nestlé (in 2010), Nokia, Pepsi, Polo Ralph Lauren (in 2010), The Raymond Shop, State Bank of Hyderabad, TVS Motor (in 2009), Virgin Mobile (in 2009), Vodafone (in 2010) and Wipro (in 2010) to name a few. Sponsors from the media sector include several brands such as The Hindu, TV9, Red FM, and Maa Music.. The sponsors for Spree 2015 are Coke Studio, Eyetex Dazzler, Orient Cement, Campus France, Princeton Review, Amity Business School, British Council, ITM, Panache, Inspire, Tech Bharat, Ferris Wheel, Shankar Mahadevan Academy, Swarnabhoomi, Saavn, Faadoo Engineers, FestSamachar, knowafest, Campus Diaries, Free Charge, Electronics For You, Glow Job TV, UGCC, LIC, NITWAA, TTL, Kaps and Gift Xoxo.
Working committee
The Spring Spree is a fest conducted by the students of NIT Warangal. Every year a core
committee of students is chosen by the student council of the college to oversee the smooth
running of the fest. They are aided by a faculty adviser chosen by the administration to assist
them in their tasks.
The core committee looks after the all important aspects of the fest like Event Conduction,
Sponsorship, Publicity, Logistics, Hospitality, Design, Decoration, Accounting and Prizes. Every
member of the committee is dedicated to either of these departments. The synchronization
between all the working committees is taken care by the student coordinator of the fest.
To assist the core committee, a sub-core committee and a work force body is chosen forming
an apex structure contributing to a students working team. The success of the fest heavily
depends on the efforts and idea of the entire students working team.
Records, Artists and Celebrities
Spring Spree 2010 saw a performance by prominent Kuchipudi dancer Shobha Naidu.
In the 25th edition film director Sekhar kammula graced the occasion exhorting the students to dream and work to realize them.
Concerts of Naresh Iyer, Stephen Devassy and Pakistani sensational band Noori made each day of 25th edition of Spring Spree end with a bang
Spring Spree 2011 saw the setting of a world record for the largest footprint painting.
Spring Spree 2012 was graced by Xerath, Paradigm shift, Vijay Prakash, Ali (actor) and Siva Reddy and Mahima Sandoval.
Spring Spree 2013 was dazzled by the performance of one of the India'S greatest playback singer
krishnakumar kunath or KK.TIA KAR one of the Top10 Indian idol finalists also graced the occasion.
Spree 2013 was inaugurated by R. P. Patnaik.
2014 saw the performances of Suchitra and Suraj Jagan taking Spree to new heights. Sobhita Dhulipala presided over the inaugural with Anoop Rubens and also judged Allure. Tarun Raj evaluated the director's cut event. iRA saw Gino Banks performing. Also performing were Baiju Dharmajan and Sunburn Campus.
Social activities
Spring Spree 2011 saw the setting of a world record for the largest footprint painting.
Aashayam a social initiative with a motto of eradicating child labour from INDIA and educating each and every child of INDIA is a brainchild of few students of NIT Warangal. For the Spring Spree 2013 these were some records and tasks that it attempted:
SAVE GIRL CHILD-ICE CREAM Stick mosaic,
STOP CHILD LABOUR-SALT mosaic,
WALK FOR A CAUSE-a candle march on the closing of spree in the campus made the spree more dazzling
with shining lights of candle all over the campus for a while.
In association with MARD a rally against discrimination against women was organised in 2014. Aashayam organised an initiative called "PRAYAS" in 2014 which will be in its second edition in 2015.
The initiatives for 2015 are Ek Jodi Ka Kapda, One Stage and Eradicate, which have a profound social implication and touch the soul of the observers.
References
External links
Spring Spree - Official Site
Culfests
Hoseynabad-e Robat (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Robāṭ) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
USS Rachel Seaman was a wooden schooner purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.
Rachel Seaman was armed as a gunboat and assigned to the Union blockade of the ports and waterways of the Confederate States of America. She also served as a storeship as the war came to an end.
Purchased in Philadelphia in 1861
Rachel Seaman was purchased by the Union Navy at Philadelphia 21 September 1861, and was commissioned at Philadelphia Navy Yard 16 November 1861, Acting Master Quincey A. Hooper in command.
Blockade operations
The schooner sailed for the Gulf of Mexico between 4 and 10 November and reported to Flag Officer McKean off Fort Pickens, Florida on the 29th for duty in the Gulf Blockading Squadron. After briefly serving in Mississippi River Sound and the Mississippi passes, Rachel Seaman arrived off Galveston, Texas on 30 December and patrolled the Texas coast. On 11 January 1862, with gunboat , the schooner shelled Confederate batteries at Pass Cavallo and a week later engaged Confederate cannon at Velasco, Texas.
In the summer she performed blockade duty off Mobile Bay, Alabama, but in September returned to the Texas coast. On the 25th, with the and , she bombarded Sabine Pass, Texas, forcing the Confederate garrison to spike their guns and abandon the works there. The next day, landing parties took possession of the fort.
Captured Prizes
However, want of occupation troops prevented the Union Navy from holding the area. On 6 October, Rachel Seaman captured British schooner Dart attempting to run the blockade at Sabine Pass. On 15 October boat crews from Rachel Seaman and Kensington destroyed a railroad bridge at Taylor's Bayou, Texas, preventing Confederate reinforcement of Sabine Pass with heavy guns. They also burned schooners Stonewall and Lone Star and Southern barracks.
Rachel Seaman took schooner Nymph off Pass Cavallo, Texas, 21 April 1863. Almost a year later, while steaming east en route north, on 13 April 1864, she captured her last prize British schooner Maria Alfred off Mermentau River, Louisiana. The schooner arrived at New York City 21 May and for the remainder of the Civil War served as a supply ship along the Atlantic coast.
Decommissioning
She decommissioned at New York City 22 May 1865 and was sold at public auction there 30 May 1865 to a Mr. Wiggins.
See also
References
Schooners of the United States Navy
Ships of the Union Navy
Gunboats of the United States Navy
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
American Civil War auxiliary ships of the United States
Store ships of the United States Navy
1861 ships
Aegosoma scabricorne is a species of long-horned beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
Description
Aegosoma scabricorne can reach a length of . It is one of the biggest long-horned beetles in Europe. Body is elongated, finely pubescent, of a reddish yellow color. Head is narrowed behind the eyes. Antennae are composed by 11 segments, rough in the male. Prothorax is narrowed forward, obtusely dentate at the basal angle. Elytra show two weak longitudinal ribs. In males the antennae reach the extremity of the body, while in the females they are a little shorter than the body. The abdomen is glabrous, with a protruding oviduct.
Distribution
This species is present in central and southern Europe , Asia (Japan, China, Indonesia ..) and in the Middle East (Iran, Caucasus).
Biology
Adults can be found from June to August. These long-horned beetles are polyphagous in various deciduous trees (Juglans, Castania, Corylus, Populus, Platanus, Tilia, Malus). Larvae live in the trunk of old trees. Life cycle lasts at least three years.
References
External links
Catalogue of life
Animal Diversity
Cerambycoidea
Woodboring beetles
Prioninae
Beetles described in 1763
Taxa named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli
Union des femmes pour la défense de Paris et les soins aux blessés () was a women's group during the 1871 Paris Commune. The union organized working women, ensured a market and fair pay for their work, and participated in the defence of Paris against the troops of the Third Republic, particularly at Place Blanche.
History
It was founded by Elisabeth Dmitrieff on 11 April 1871 in the Larched room (79 Temple Road) in the 10th arrondissement, Dmitrieff, who had been sent to Paris from London by Karl Marx as a representative of the First International, was a member of the central committee and remained general secretary of the Union's executive committee, the only non-elected and non-revocable post of the organization. The executive committee was made of seven members. About 130 served in the union's central committee. Actual membership is estimated as being a thousand or more.
In April 1871, the group issued a call to Parisian women to form committees in each arrondissement for a collaborative women's movement in Paris's defense.
In early May, the women's union issued a manifesto calling equal treatment of gender, in line with the Commune's annulment of privileges and inequalities. The union also petitioned the Commune's economic director, Léo Frankel, for work for women. He recommended organizing workshops for women to work at home, to be designed by the women's union. The group investigated the needs of unemployed women and created cooperative workshops. It did not designate roles based on trades but centralized the distribution of orders for women to complete and return to the workshop for delivery. This system differed from the piece-work originally proposed by Commune officials, which would have preserved the order of women staying at home and previous style of labor. The union, instead, organized free producer associations to share out communal profits. They supported variety within trade work, elimination of gendered competition, reduced work hours, and equal pay for equal work.
Known members
Executive committee
Elisabeth Dmitrieff, general secretary
Nathalie Lemel
Aline Jacquier
Blanche Lefebvre
Marie Leloup
Aglaë Jarry
Madame Collin
Adèle Gauvain (or Gauvin)
Committee leaders by arrondissement
Anne Maillet, seamstress
(none)
Marquant, mechanic
Angelina Sabatier, hatter
Victorine Pievaux, chamareuse
Nathalie Lemel, bookbinder
Octavie Vataire, laundress (lingère)
Marie Picot, unknown
Bessaiche, seamstress
Blanche Lefebvre, laundress (blanchisseuse)
Marie Leloup, seamstress
Foret, seamstress
Chantraile, no profession
Rivière, waistcoat-maker (giletière)
(none)
Aline Jacquier, waistcoat-maker (giletière)
Aglaë Jarry, no profession
Blondeau, gold-polisher
Jeanne Musset, seamstress
Adèle Gauvain, cardboard-maker (cartonnière)
Other members
Adélaïde Valentin, delegate to the Central Provisional Committee
Marie Chiffon, ambulance nurse
Octavie Tardiff, member
Victorine Gorget, member
Noémie Colleville, Sophie Graix, Joséphine Prat, Céline Delvainquier, Aimée Delvainquier
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Women's organizations based in France
Paris Commune
Organizations established in 1871
Women in Paris
Antoine de Seguiran, called chevalier de Seguiran, was an 18th-century French soldier and encyclopédiste. De Seguiran was from a military family from Arles. In October 1766, he married Pauline Le Breton, a former fiancée to Beaumarchais.
Chevalier de Seguiran wrote two articles for the Encyclopédie by Diderot and D'Alembert: Vérité (truth) and Vertu. Diderot added the sensualist point of view on the latter.
Bibliography
Frank Arthur Kafker, The Encyclopedists as individuals: a biographical dictionary of the authors of the Encyclopédie, Oxford, Studies on Voltaire and the eighteenth Century, 1988, (p. 359).
Charles, Sébastien: Berkeley Au Siècle Des Lumières: Immatérialisme Et Scepticisme Au XVIIIe Siècle. Bibliothèque D'Histoire De La Philosophie. Librairie Philosophique J. Vrin (2003) S.155
External links
Antoine de Seguiran on Wikisource
Antoine de Seguiran on Persée
18th-century French military personnel
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
People from Arles
18th-century births
18th-century deaths
The 1988 Dartmouth Big Green football team was an American football team that represented Dartmouth College during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The Big Green tied for third in the Ivy League.
In its second under head coach Eugene "Buddy" Teevens, the team compiled a 5–5 record and outscored opponents 209 to 190. David Gazzaniga and Paul Michael were the team captains.
The Big Green's 4–3 conference tied for third in the Ivy League standings. Dartmouth outscored Ivy opponents 166 to 137.
Dartmouth played its home games at Memorial Field on the college campus in Hanover, New Hampshire.
Schedule
References
Dartmouth
Dartmouth Big Green football seasons
Dartmouth Big Green football
{{Automatic taxobox
|name = Fimbristyle
|image = Fimbristylis dichotoma var tentsuki tentuki01.jpg
|image_caption = Fimbristylis dichotoma
|taxon = Fimbristylis
|authority = Vahl
|synonyms_ref =
|synonyms =
Abildgaardia Vahl
Iria (Pers.) R.Hedw.
Echinolytrum Desv.
Aplostemon Raf.
Dichostylis P.Beauv. in T.G.Lestiboudois
Trichelostylis T.Lestib.
Abildgardia Rchb.
Gussonea J.Presl & C.Presl
Pogonostylis Bertol.
Campylostachys <small>E.Mey. in J.F.Drège 1843, illegitimate homonym, not Campylostachys' Kunth 1832 (Stilbaceae)</small>Pseudocyperus Steud.Mischospora BoeckelerIriha KuntzeTylocarya Nelmes
}}Fimbristylis is a genus of sedges. A plant in this genus may be known commonly as a fimbry or fimbristyle. There are 200 to 300 species distributed worldwide. Several continents have native species but many species have been introduced to regions where they are not native. Some are considered weeds. These are typical sedges in appearance, with stiff, ridged stems and cone-shaped terminal panicles of spikelets. They are found in wet environments, and are most diverse in tropical and subtropical regions.Govaerts, R. & Simpson, D.A. (2007). World Checklist of Cyperaceae. Sedges: 1-765. The Board of Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.Kral, R. 1971. A treatment of Abildgaardia, Bulbostylis and Fimbristylis (Cyperaceae) for North America. Sida 4: 57–227.Altervista Flora Italiana, genere Fimbristylis includes photos plus distribution maps for Italy, Europe and North America
Selected species:Fimbristylis acicularisFimbristylis acuminata - pointed fimbristylisFimbristylis aestivalis - summer fimbryFimbristylis agasthyamalaensis Fimbristylis annua - annual fimbryFimbristylis ammobiaFimbristylis autumnalis - slender fimbryFimbristylis blakeiFimbristylis blepharolepisFimbristylis caespitosaFimbristylis cardiocarpaFimbristylis castanea - marsh fimbry, salt marsh fimbristylisFimbristylis cephalophoraFimbristylis cinnamometorumFimbristylis compactaFimbristylis complanata - Puerto Rico fimbryFimbristylis corynocaryaFimbristylis crosslandii - Formerly C. setifolia Fimbristylis costiglumisFimbristylis cymosa - tropical fimbry, (= F. glomerata)Fimbristylis denudataFimbristylis depauperataFimbristylis dichotoma - two-leaf fimbrystylis, tall fringe-rushFimbristylis dictyocoleaFimbristylis dipsaceaFimbristylis elegansFimbristylis eremophilaFimbristylis ferruginea - rusty sedge, West Indian fimbryFimbristylis hawaiiensis - Hawaii fimbryFimbristylis helicophylla - twisted leaf fimbristylisFimbristylis hirsutifoliaFimbristylis inaguensis - Bahama fimbryFimbristylis insignisFimbristylis lanceolataFimbristylis laxiglumisFimbristylis leucocoleaFimbristylis littoralis - lesser fimbristylisFimbristylis macassarensisFimbristylis macranthaFimbristylis microcaryaFimbristylis miliacea - grasslike fimbryFimbristylis neilsoniiFimbristylis onchnidiocarpaFimbristylis perpusilla - Harper's fimbryFimbristylis polytrichoides - rusty sedgeFimbristylis puberula - hairy fimbryFimbristylis schoenoides - ditch fimbryFimbristylis spathacea - hurricanegrassFimbristylis thermalis - hot springs fimbryFimbristylis tomentosa - woolly fimbryFimbristylis tristachyaFimbristylis umbellaris - globular fimbrystylisFimbristylis vahlii - Vahl's fimbryFimbristylis velata (now distinguished from F. squarrosa'')
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
eFloras Genus Account
USDA Plants Profile: US species
PlantNET: Australian species
Cyperaceae genera
Taxa named by Martin Vahl
The 2022 ATP Cup was the third edition of the ATP Cup, an international outdoor hard court men's tennis tournament held by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP). The tournament was part of the 2022 ATP Tour.
Like in the previous year where it would be having an annual cross-travel between Australian states, but due to the uncertainties with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, it was held at the Ken Rosewall Arena and the Sydney Super Dome in Sydney, from 1 to 9 January 2022 with 16 teams. Canada won the tournament, defeating Spain 2–0 in the final.
ATP ranking points
Maximum 750 points for undefeated singles player, 250 points for doubles.
Entries
Fifteen countries qualified for the ATP Cup, based on the ATP ranking of its No. 1 singles player at the entry deadline on 2 December 2021. Host country Australia received a wild card.
In November, Switzerland withdrew after world number 16 Roger Federer withdrew from the event due to recovery from a knee injury.
On 1 December, Spanish world number 6 Rafael Nadal also withdrew, but Spain qualified with their next best singles player.
Austria initially qualified with world number 15 Dominic Thiem. However, with Thiem's withdrawal and Dennis Novak's inability to travel to Australia on 29 December, the team were withdrawn from the competition, as the ATP Cup rules state at least one player from each country has to be ranked inside the top-250 and their next three players did not have this ranking. Austria were replaced with France.
Serbian world number 1 Novak Djokovic withdrew on 29 December 2021, but Serbia remained at the ATP Cup because of their next best ranked player Dušan Lajović met the entry criteria. Russia were to be represented by Andrey Rublev and Aslan Karatsev, both of whom withdrew on 29 December 2021.
Group stage
The 16 teams were divided into four groups of four teams each in a round-robin format. The winners of each group will qualify for the semifinals.
Overview
G = Group, T = Ties, M = Matches, S = Sets
Two-way ties between teams in Group C broken by head-to-head records
Group A
Chile vs. Spain
Serbia vs. Norway
Norway vs. Spain
Serbia vs. Chile
Norway vs. Chile
Serbia vs. Spain
Group B
Russia vs. France
Italy vs Australia
Italy vs. France
Russia vs Australia
Russia vs. Italy
Australia vs. France
Group C
Two-way ties between teams broken by head-to-head records.
Canada vs. United States
Germany vs. Great Britain
Germany vs. United States
Canada vs. Great Britain
Great Britain vs. United States
Germany vs. Canada
Group D
Argentina vs. Georgia
Greece vs. Poland
Poland vs. Georgia
Greece vs. Argentina
Poland vs. Argentina
Greece vs. Georgia
Knockout stage
Bracket
Semifinals
Spain vs. Poland
Canada vs. Russia
Final
Spain vs. Canada
References
External links
Official website
Draw
2022
2022 ATP Tour
2022 in Australian tennis
January 2022 sports events in Australia
Pobołowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The longhorn cowfish (Lactoria cornuta), also called the horned boxfish, is a species of boxfish from the family Ostraciidae, recognizable by its long horns that protrude from the front of its head, rather like those of a cow or bull. They are a resident of the Indo-Pacific region and can grow up to long.
Adults are reef fish, often solitary and territorial, and live around sand or rubble bottom up to a depth of . They are omnivorous, feeding upon benthic algae, various microorganisms, and foraminiferans that it strains from sediments, sponges, polychaete worms from sand flats, mollusks, small crustaceans, and small fish, able to feed on benthic invertebrates by blowing jets of water into the sandy substrate. Longhorn cowfish protect the coral reefs they live in by being predators of the invertebrates that destroy the reefs. They are also important in the growth and creation of coral reefs for this same reason. According to the IUCN, the Longhorn cowfish is categorized as “Not Evaluated”. While this may eventually be impacted by aquarium trade, currently there is no concern now.
Habitat
Its primary habitat is coral reefs in lagoons, on reef flats, estuaries, bays, and on protected seaward reefs. Juveniles associate with Acropora corals. Depth range is 3.3–148 ft (1–45 m, perhaps up to 100 m).
Range
Red Sea and East Africa eastward through Indonesia to Marquesas, northward to southern Japan. Including Tuamotus, southern Korea, north to the Ryukyu Islands of southern Japan, south to Australia and Lord Howe Island, and off southern Africa in the Atlantic. Tropical and subtropical waters. The specimens found in India are a new development in the last couple years, and it is speculated that cyclones or typhoons brought the Lactoria cornuta to a new environment.
Physiology
There is no known sexual dimorphism, so both male and female display a yellow to olive base color, which is decorated with white or bluish spots. Paired courtship just before or after sunset. Eggs and ichthyoplankton are pelagic. Females generally are larger than males. Males grow to be 65-155 mm with an average of 103 mm, while females grow to be 83-250 mm with an average of 121 mm. Female Longhorn Cowfish also weigh more than males with a weight range of 17-156 g with an average of 33 g while males have a weight range of 12-116 g with an average of 26 g.
One distinction from other fish is the lack of a gill cover, which is replaced by a small slit or hole.
The hexagonal plate-like scales of these fish are fused together into a solid, triangular, box-like carapace, from which the fins and tail protrude. They have large eyes immediately behind the horns. Their unique method of swimming, called ostraciiform swimming, causes them to look as if they are hovering.
They have no pelvic skeleton, so they lack pelvic fins.
The tail fin of the Longhorn cowfish can be the same length as its body, as it relies on its fins for movement. They are such slow swimmers cowfish are easily caught by hand, making a grunting noise when captured.
The cowfish are also able to produce two kinds of sounds using muscles connected to their swim bladder, hums and clicks. This species of cowfish is the most well-known cowfish species in the aquarium trade.
Defense
If severely stressed, this species may be able to exude deadly toxin, pahutoxin, an ichthyotoxic, hemolytic, heat-stable, non-dialyzable, non-protein poison in the mucous secretions of their skin. It is apparently unique among known fish poisons; it is toxic to the boxfish and mimics sea cucumber toxins in general properties.
The horns of the Longhorn cowfish may have evolved to make it more difficult to swallow for predators. The horns of the boxfish can be used to ward off predators through charging at the predator. If damaged, these horns can grow back within a few months. These horns are mostly hollow and composed of mineralized collagen fibers. Both the hard armor exoskeleton and the use of the toxic secretion are solid defenses against predators. There are also egg predators like labrids and pomacentridae. Larger species in the family are able to ward off the egg predators, but the Longhorn Cowfish spawn close to the substrate in order to hide themselves and their eggs from the predators.
Reproduction and Development
This fish forms harems with 3-4 females in each one. The females spawn shortly after sunset, or during the day when there is a large amount of cloud cover. The spawning season lasts from February to early October. The oval eggs of members of the Lactoria family hatch into the juvenile larvae. These larvae are distinct because they form the box carapace armor that is present on the longhorn cowfish.
On Pamban Island, the local belief was that when the land got separated, the cows on the island metamorphosed into these fish and fed on seaweed.
References
External links
Ostraciidae
Fish described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
SS Coylet was a WWI A-class standard cargo ship built by Laing James & Sons Ltd of Sunderland, United Kingdom for the Shipping Controller, London as War Rambler. in 1918. She was built of steel and powered by a three cylinder triple expansion steam engine with a single shaft and one screw.
On 15 February 1922 she caught fire and after her crew were rescued by the was shelled and sunk by the U.S. Coast Guard, 12 nautical miles (22 km) west south west of the Sand Key Lighthouse, Florida, United States. Her owner at the time of her scuttling was Thomas Dunlop & Sons.
References
1917 ships
Ships built on the River Wear
1997 Sangrampora massacre was the killing of seven Kashmiri Pandit villagers in Sangrampora village of Budgam district of Jammu and Kashmir on 21 March 1997 by unknown gunmen. While the millitants have been thought behind the killings, police closed the case as untraced.
The attack
This was the one of a series of massacres which selectively targeted minorities in Jammu and Kashmir. The victims were led away and lined up. The unknown gunmen shot and killed seven people. Several people were injured. The killers fled in the dark.. The people who were living in the Sangrampora were Bhat's and seven members of their family were killed in this attack.
Aftermath
Muslims in the area expressed deep outrage at this brutality and observed a partial strike to protest this heinous crime. The last rites of the victims were performed by residents of the village and were attended by Muslims and Sikhs from neighbouring areas as well. Bharatiya Janata Party called for the dismissal of the government of Farooq Abdullah after this massacre. After this massacre Panun Kashmir was dissolved and reorganised. The motive of these killings was thought to be to discourage the Hindu's who had fled Kashmir from returning and getting rehabilitated by the Farooq Abdullah government.
Following the massacre Government of Jammu and Kashmir provided 2-room flats to Kashmiri Hindus in a colony exclusively built for them in Sheikhpora in Budgam District. The state government also provided the survivors ration and Rs 100,000.
See also
Persecution of Hindus
Anti-Hindu sentiment
Panun Kashmir
Timeline of the Kashmir conflict
1986 Anantnag Riots
Exodus of Kashmiri Hindus
2001 Amarnath pilgrimage massacre
2003 Nadimarg massacre
References
External links
Kashmir – Wail of Valley Atrocity and Terror By Mohan Lal Koul-Chapter 16
Sangrampora Massacre of Kashmiri Hindus a slide presentation
Islamic terrorist incidents in 1997
Massacres in 1997
Terrorist incidents in India in 1997
March 1997 events in Asia
March 1997 crimes
Islamic terrorism in India
Mass murder in 1997
Massacres in Jammu and Kashmir
Budgam district
1990s in Jammu and Kashmir
Religiously motivated violence in India
Massacres of Hindus in Kashmir
Lepidonectes bimaculatus, known commonly as the twinspot triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidonectes. It was described by Gerald R. Allen and David Ross Robertson in 1992. This species is found in the eastern Pacific Ocean where it has been recorded only in the vicinity of Malpelo Island in Colombia. The twinspot triplefin acts as a cleaner fish, its only client species being the grouper Epinephelus labriformis.
References
Twinspot triplefin
Fish described in 1992
The 1994 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and was the national champion of the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team was coached by Tom Osborne and played their home games in Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska. The Cornhuskers offense scored 459 points while the defense allowed 162 points.
Before the season
There was much anticipation for the 1994 season. The 1993 Nebraska team compiled an 11–0 record in the regular season before narrowly losing to Florida State in the 1994 Orange Bowl on a last-second missed field goal. The 1994 offseason was dubbed "Unfinished Business" by the Huskers, in their quest to secure a national championship for the coming season.
Junior Tommie Frazier returned as the quarterback in Tom Osborne's vaunted triple option offense. Also returning were several key starters on defense that would prove to be a highly rated unit during the 1994 season.
Schedule
Roster and coaching staff
Depth chart
Game summaries
West Virginia
The 1994 season started for the No. 4 Cornhuskers with a 31–0 win over No. 24 West Virginia in the Kickoff Classic. The game pitted two teams that had posted undefeated regular-season records in 1993. Quarterback Tommie Frazier was the game's MVP, rushing for 130 yards on 12 carries, including touchdown runs of 25, 27, and 42 yards. He also completed 8 of 16 passes for 100 yards and another touchdown. I-back Lawrence Phillips also ran 126 yards on 24 carries. In all, Nebraska gained 368 rushing yards and 468 total. The Nebraska defense dominated the Mountaineers, registering eight quarterback sacks and holding West Virginia to 8 yards rushing and 89 total yards. Todd Sauerbrun set a record for West Virginia with a 90-yard punt and averaged 60.1 yards on nine punts. The victory marked Nebraska's first shutout victory in two years. It was also Nebraska's first shutout victory against a ranked non-conference opponent since a 20–0 win over No. 19 Baylor in Lincoln 1939, and the first ever such win in a game played outside of Lincoln. The win vaulted Nebraska to No. 1 in the polls.
Texas Tech
Next up was a road victory that saw the Huskers cruise past the Texas Tech Red Raiders, 42–16, which remarkably saw the Huskers drop to #2 in the polls. Unfortunately, this victory came at a cost, as safety Mike Minter suffered a season-ending knee injury.
UCLA
Pacific
The next two weeks first saw a tough match-up, where the Huskers would dominate #13-ranked UCLA in Memorial Stadium, followed by a blowout against Pacific. Shortly after this victory, the 1994 season got a lot more interesting when Nebraska's field general Tommie Frazier was sidelined by a blood clot in his right knee.
Wyoming
Oklahoma State
Kansas State
With Frazier sidelined, junior Brook Berringer answered the call to run Osborne's offense. Berringer, a pro-style QB from Goodland, Kansas, came off the bench and performed at his best in two straight victories against Wyoming and Oklahoma State, even at times with a partially collapsed lung. When it became too much for Berringer, walk-on QB Matt Turman stepped up to lead the Cornhuskers against Okie State and in a tough road game that pitched the Huskers against conference foe and neighbor Kansas State. This game proved to be a defensive battle, which saw the Huskers walk away with a 17–6 victory against the #16 Wildcats.
Missouri
Colorado
Nebraska's homecoming game and 200th consecutive home sell out.
Kansas
Iowa State
Oklahoma
The final five regular season games saw Nebraska beat #2 Colorado, where the defense shut down eventual Heisman winner Rashaan Salaam. Only Oklahoma provided any resistance for the Huskers, who escaped with a 13–3 victory in Norman, and another Big Eight Conference Championship.
Miami
Nebraska was #1 in the nation, and found themselves pitted against #3 Miami in the Orange Bowl, a setting very familiar to Tom Osborne and his Husker players. Osborne had been in this very stadium on three separate occasions playing for a national championship, and came away empty-handed each time, losing the previous year against Bobby Bowden's Seminoles of Florida State, to the Miami Hurricanes in the legendary 1984 Orange Bowl by the score of 31–30, and to the #1 Clemson Tigers in the 1982 Orange Bowl, a night game in which Nebraska entered #4 where the #2 and #3 teams lost their bowl games earlier in the day.
But it would be much different this year. Frazier had returned from his injury, and Nebraska would not back down, even after trailing 10–7 at halftime and 17–7 with less than two minutes to go in the third quarter. It is important to note that during his halftime speech, Coach Osborne had predicted the eventual meltdown of Miami late in the game. He told his players that if they maintained their composure, that Miami would slip up and earn a costly penalty. Osborne's prediction rang true, and the physically dominant Huskers scored 15 unanswered points in the 4th quarter on two key TD runs by FB Corey Schlesinger to earn Tom Osborne his first national title, by the score of 24–17.
Rankings
After the season
The successful season saw Nebraska lead the nation in rushing, with talented but troubled sophomore Lawrence Phillips rushing for 1,722 yards and finishing 8th in Heisman voting. The offensive line, which was arguably the best in the country as well, was affectionately known as "The Pipeline" and included Outland Trophy winner and All-American Zach Wiegert at tackle, fellow All-American Brendan Stai at guard, along with Rob Zatechka, Joel Wilks, and Aaron Graham. The vaunted 4–3 defense, led by All-American linebacker Ed Stewart, limited conference opponents to a mere 55 points.
The Huskers were treated to a warm welcome, despite the freezing temperatures, when they returned to Lincoln as National Champions. An estimated 15,000 fans were on hand at the Lincoln Airport to welcome home their Big Red heroes.
Awards
NFL and pro players
The following Nebraska players who participated in the 1994 season later moved on to the next level and joined a professional or semi-pro team as draftees or free agents.
Additionally, starting junior punter Darin Erstad also played baseball for the University of Nebraska, and was selected as a First Team All-American by Collegiate Baseball. He chose to forego his college career to enter the MLB draft and was selected as the first pick overall in the 1995 Major League Baseball draft. He would go on to have a distinguished career in Major League Baseball (particularly with the Anaheim Angels). Erstad would later be the head coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers baseball from 2012 to 2019.
References
Nebraska
Nebraska Cornhuskers football seasons
College football national champions
Big Eight Conference football champion seasons
Orange Bowl champion seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Nebraska Cornhuskers football
A Karzer was a designated lock-up or detention room to incarcerate students as a punishment, within the jurisdiction of some institutions of learning in Germany and German-language universities abroad. Karzers existed both at universities and at gymnasiums (similar to a grammar school) in Germany until the beginning of the 20th century. Marburg's last Karzer inmate, for example, was registered as late as 1931.
Responsible for the administration of the Karzer was the so-called Pedell (English: bedel), or during later times Karzerwärter (a warden). While Karzer arrest was originally a severe punishment, the respect for this punishment diminished with time, particularly in the 19th century, as it became a matter of honour to have been incarcerated at least once during one's time at university. At the end of the 19th century, as the students in the cell became responsible for their own food and drink and the receiving of visitors became permitted, the "punishment" would often turn into a social occasion with excessive consumption of alcohol.
Karzers have been preserved at the universities of Heidelberg, Jena, Marburg, Freiburg, Tübingen, Freiberg (School of Mines), Greifswald, Göttingen, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg in Erlangen, and at Tartu, Estonia. The Karzer in Göttingen was known, after the Pedell Brühbach, as Hotel de Brühbach; it was moved in the 19th century, because of the extension of the university library, to the Aula building; a cell door, preserved from the old Karzer, shows graffiti by Otto von Bismarck. Bearing witness to how the students spent the time in the cell are the many memorable walls, table and door graffiti left by students in the cells and today shown as tourist attractions in the older German universities.
Literature
Mark Twain, A Tramp Abroad. (With reference to the Karzer at Heidelberg University).
Mooney, Carolyn J.: Notes from Academe: Germany. Slammer or Shrine? How German Students Left Their Mark on the Walls of a Campus Prison. In: The Chronicle of Higher Education, March 1, 1996, A 55. [Göttingen].
Der Heidelberger Studentenkarzer. Text: Andrew Cowin. Editor: Universität Heidelberg. Heidelberg [2011].
Hahne, Gert: Der Karzer: Bier! Unschuld! Rache! Der Göttinger Universitätskarzer und seine Geschichte(n). Göttingen 2005.
Bickert, Hans Günther / Nail, Norbert: Marburger Karzer-Buch. Kleine Kulturgeschichte des Universitätsgefängnisses. Dritte, neu bearbeitete und vermehrte Auflage. Marburg 2013.
http://www.bonner-rechtsjournal.de/fileadmin/pdf/Artikel/2010_02/BRJ_260_2010_Bernoth.pdf Karzer of the University of Bonn
External links
The Karzer of Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg
Karzer of Technische Universität Freiberg
The Karzer of the University of Göttingen
The Karzer of Ernst-Moritz-Arndt- Universität Greifswald
The Karzer of the University of Heidelberg
The Karzer of the University of Jena
The former Karzer of the University of Leipzig
The Karzer of Philipps-Universität Marburg
German Text: The Karzer of Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg
The Karzer of the University of Tübingen
The Karzer of the 'Evangelisches Stift' Tübingen
The Karzer of the University of Tartu (Estonia)
Karzer of the former Polytechnicum Riga (Latvia)
The final two lock-ups had been established in the manner and tradition of German campus prisons.
Academic culture
Student societies in Germany
Museums in Germany
History of education in Germany
Legal history of Germany
School punishments
Education museums
Björn Folke Rosengren (born 14 April 1942) is a Swedish politician and advisor to the Stenbeck family.
Rosengren was born in Täby. He was active in the labour union and as a Social Democratic politician. He served as chairman of the Swedish Municipal Employee Union ("Vision", formerly SKTF) from 1976-1982, and on the Federation of Public Employee Unions TCO 1982–1994. He served as county governor in the Norrbotten County from 1995-1998, as minister of enterprise from 1998-2002, and as a member of the parliament in 2002.
Personal life
Rosengren resides at Arnöbergs country manor on Arnö in lake Mälaren. Rosengren has been controversial with his role as advisor to the Swedish Stenbeck family and very close ties with the prime minister Göran Persson.
In a famous controversial statement, in connection with the proposed
Telenor-Telia fusion in 1999, he called Norway the last Soviet-state.
References
20th-century Swedish politicians
21st-century Swedish politicians
1942 births
County governors of Sweden
Living people
Members of the Riksdag 2002–2006
Members of the Riksdag from the Social Democrats
Swedish Ministers for Communications
Swedish Ministers for Infrastructure
Moorpark College is a public community college in Moorpark, California. It was established in 1967 with enrollment of 2,500 students and enrolled 14,254 students in 2014. An Exotic Animal Training and Management center houses over 200 animals on campus.
History
The board of the Ventura County Community College District established Moorpark College in 1967. In addition to the land already owned by the District, Moorpark College expanded into a parcel of land on Moorpark's eastern boundary, donated by a local ranching family, the Strathearns.
In 1965, the citizens of Ventura County passed a bond for 8 million dollars to build the first part of the college. Construction of the administration, science, technology, gymnasium, and Maintenance buildings, and the Library and Campus Center began in 1966.
Moorpark College officially opened on September 11, 1967. The college's first president, Dr. John Collins, welcomed almost 1,400 students and 50 faculty members.
Dr. Robert Lombardi became the college's second president in 1971. During his tenure, enrollment doubled and the college added emphasis on preparing students to transfer to four-year schools.
Dr. Ray Hearon is the longest-serving president, in office from 1974 to 1989. In 1980, the Moorpark College Foundation was formed to fund construction of an athletic stadium, amphitheater, and observatory. The 6,000-seat stadium, completed in 1985, was named after Paul Griffin Jr., a major benefactor. In 1987, the Charles Temple Observatory, the only public observatory in Ventura County, and Carlsberg Amphitheater were dedicated at the college's 20th anniversary celebration.
Nearby Oxnard College solicited Moorpark's help in establishing a Camarillo Center, located on California State University, Channel Islands's campus.
In 2000, a high school for juniors and seniors opened on the college campus, The High School at Moorpark College (separate from Moorpark High School but part of the Moorpark Unified School District). The first class to graduate in 2001 numbered 25.
In 2004 and 2005, various bond projects were completed, such as a parking lot renovation and all-weather track.
For the 2007 transferring cohort of eligible students (2,252), Moorpark College transferred 130 to a university in two years, 480 in three years, and 793 and four years.
Bernard Luskin was appointed interim president of Moorpark College in September, 2013. The current president, Luis Pablo Sanchez, was appointed for a term beginning February 3, 2015.
Athletics
Moorpark's athletic teams are nicknamed the Raiders. The college currently sponsors eight men's and eight women's varsity teams. The college competes as a member of the California Community College Athletic Association (CCCAA) in the Western State Conference (WSC) for all sports except football and wrestling, which competes in Southern California Football Association (SCFA) and Southern California Wrestling Association (SCWA).
Notable alumni
Jamal Anderson – professional football player
Christine van Basten-Boddin – Mayor of Beek
Chris Beal (did not graduate) – CIF State Champion wrestler; professional Mixed Martial Artist
April Bowlby (did not graduate) – actor
Brandon Boyd (did not graduate) – musician in Incubus
Colbie Caillat (did not graduate) – pop singer/songwriter
Jason Dolley – actor and musician
Aron Eisenberg - actor and photographer
Nicole Johnson – Miss California 2010, Michael Phelps's wife
Alex Hoffman-Ellis – professional football player
Gabe Kapler – professional baseball player and manager
Dave Laut – Olympic shot-putter
Ken Lutz – professional football player
Troy Lyndon - entrepreneur, game developer and business coach
Matt Mahurin – illustrator and photographer
Isaiah Mustafa – professional football player and actor
Jose Pasillas (did not graduate) – musician in Incubus
Julie Scardina – Sea World Busch Gardens Animal Ambassador
Steve Wapnick - professional baseball player
Dan Winters – photographer
Sam Asghari - model and actor, husband of Britney Spears
Kire Horton - actress, comedian, and shapewear model
References
External links
Official website
Universities and colleges in Ventura County, California
California Community Colleges
Moorpark, California
1967 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1967
Schools accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges
Buildings and structures in Moorpark, California
John Francis Coates, OBE (30 March 1922 – 10 July 2010) was a British naval architect best known for his work on the study of construction of the Ancient Greek trireme. His research led to the construction of the first working replicas of triremes, the fastest and most devastating warship of Mediterranean empires, and gave a greater understanding of how they were built and used. He also carried out research into the use of shipping in Northern Europe during the Bronze Age, in particular the Ferriby Bronze Age boat and the Dover Boat.
Career
Coates was born and raised in Swansea, the son of chemists Ada and Joseph E. Coates, Professor of Chemistry at the University College of Swansea. He was educated at Clifton College and took Engineering Science at The Queen's College, Oxford. He joined the Royal Corps of Naval Constructors and in 1943 saw sea service on the Arctic convoys. After the war, he continued to work in the Admiralty. An early project was the design of new inflatable life jackets and life rafts for which he was appointed OBE in 1955. He was the leading ship design architect for the County-class destroyers. Coates remained in Admiralty service until 1979 when he retired for the post of Chief Naval Architect.
Trireme Reconstruction
In 1982 he was approached by Professor John Morrison of Wolfson College, Cambridge to assist with research into the design of the trireme. Together they and others founded the Trireme Trust, and created a series of small scale replicas based on historical records and architectural theory. Their work eventually led to the construction of a full-scale replica, the Olympias, by the Greek government in 1987. He also worked on the archaeological remains of Bronze Age seagoing ships in Northern Europe, establishing that vessels of considerable size and architectural sophistication capable of large-scale overseas travel existed in the era of 2030-1680 BC. In 1985–1987 a shipbuilder in Piraeus, financed by Frank Welsh (a trireme enthusiast), advised by historian J. S. Morrison and John F. Coates (who with Welsh founded the Trireme Trust initiated and managed the project), and informed by evidence from underwater archaeology, built an Athenian-style trireme, Olympias.
In 1989, he was awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Science) by the University of Bath.
Personal life
Coates married Jane Waymouth in 1954, she predeceased him in 2008. He died on 10 July 2010, leaving two sons and five granddaughters. Coates' elder brother, chemist Geoffrey E. Coates, died in Laramie, Wyoming, in 2013.
Notes
1922 births
People educated at Clifton College
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
British naval historians
2010 deaths
British naval architects
Royal Navy personnel of World War II
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Swansea
Justice Howell may refer to:
David Howell (jurist) (1747–1824), associate justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court
Edward H. Howell (1915–1994), associate justice of the Oregon Supreme Court
Francis S. Howell (1863–1937), associate justice of the Nebraska Supreme Court
Rufus K. Howell (1820–1890), associate justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court
Qermez Tappeh (, also Romanized as Qarmaz Tepe) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,195, in 309 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Gergő Szécsi (born 7 February 1989) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Ferencváros II.
Club career
On 18 November 2017, he was signed by Nemzeti Bajnokság I club Balmazújvárosi FC.
In June 2019, Gergő signed to Ferencvaros as their 3rd goalkeeper.
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 15 May 2022.
References
External links
MLSZ
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Eger
Hungarian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Debreceni VSC players
Létavértes SC players
Békéscsaba 1912 Előre footballers
Balmazújvárosi FC players
Kisvárda FC players
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Soroksár SC players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Nemzeti Bajnokság III players
Norris Stubbs (8 November 1948 – 9 August 2014) was a Bahamian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1948 births
2014 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Bahamian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Bahamas
Sportspeople from Nassau, Bahamas
Butser Ancient Farm is an archaeological open-air museum located near Petersfield in Hampshire, southern England. Butser features experimental reconstructions of prehistoric, Romano-British and Anglo-Saxon buildings. Examples of Neolithic dwellings, Iron Age roundhouses, a Romano-British villa and an early Saxon house are on display. The site is used as both a tourist attraction and a site for the undertaking of experimental archaeology. In this latter capacity, it was designed so that archaeologists could learn more about the agricultural and domestic economy in Britain during the millennium that lasted from circa 400 BCE to 400 CE, in what was the Late British Iron Age and Romano-British periods.
Founded in 1970 by the Council for British Archaeology, in 1972 they recruited experimental archaeologist Peter J. Reynolds to run the site as project director. It was initially located on the site of a Bronze and Iron Age farmstead on Butser Hill, but in 1989 relocated to Hillscombe Down, and in 1991 to Bascombe Copse on the slopes of Windmill Hill.
The farm is open to the public and runs various events throughout the year. Archaeologist Mick Aston commented that "Virtually all the reconstruction drawings of Iron Age settlements now to be seen in books are based" on the work at Butser Farm, and that it "revolutionised the way in which the pre-Roman Iron Age economy was perceived".
History
Butser Ancient Farm was founded in 1970 by the Council for British Archaeology: the driving force behind its foundation was the RCHME archaeologist Collin Bowen. In 1972, they recruited experimental archaeologist Peter J. Reynolds (1939–2001) as director. The farm was named after its original site at Little Butser, a northerly spur of Butser Hill, a few kilometres from Petersfield in Hampshire. In the original Bronze and Iron Ages, a farmstead had been found on Little Butser, whose occupants had farmed the valley to the north and east.
In 1976 a second site, known as the Ancient Farm Demonstration Area (AFDA), was opened at Hillscombe Down on the southern slopes of Butser Hill, about a kilometre away from the main Farm. This was primarily designed to be a public site which could act as an educational resource for schoolchildren, and it was intended that this would take away the visitor pressure from the original site, where the large numbers of visitors (at times over a thousand people turned up to open days) were getting in the way of the experimental archaeology. The first Butser Farm site at Little Butser was subsequently closed down in 1989.
In 1991 the project moved to Bascomb Copse on the slopes of Windmill Hill, Hampshire between Chalton and Clanfield, about 5 km from the original site.
Buildings at the farm include simulated pre-Roman roundhouses and a simulated Roman villa. The 'Longbridge Deverell House' was the first full-sized roundhouse to be built at the latest site, and at the time one of the largest in Europe.
After Peter's death in 2001, the site was run by his partner, Christine Shaw, for a number of years. Under her guidance, one of Peter's projects, a Roman building, was completed, resulting in the first full scale construction simulation of the wing of a Romano-British villa from Sparsholt, near Winchester. It was financed with the support of the Discovery Channel, and was filmed for a ten-part series for television.
In 2006/7, a management team was assembled, and with Christine's guidance, took over the running of the Butser Project. The management team consists of Simon Jay and Maureen Page, running the farm under the business "Butser Education CIC".
It was also in 2006 that the 'Longbridge Deverell House' started to collapse, and prompted a programme of redevelopment of the constructions across the farm. A major re-assessment of the techniques of building was undertaken. It was decided to use the opportunity to examine the accumulated information of a further 20 years of excavation evidence.
Following the dismantling of the 'Longbridge Deverell House', the replacement is based on the excavations of the 'Little Woodbury House'. Under the leadership of David Freeman, construction started in February 2007 and finished in December, having gone through one of the wettest summers on record. A visitor centre was added in 2013.
Buildings
Stone Age houses
The Stone Age area features two structures based on excavations from Durrington Walls near Stonehenge; Durrington 851 and its ancillary building. These are both wattle and daub constructions thatched with wheat straw. Durrington 851 features simple Neolithic furnishings matching the impressions of furniture found during the archaeological excavations at Durrington.
In 2019 the construction of the early Neolithic Horton House began, as a replacement to the previous Llandygai house. This house is based on excavations from Kingsmead Quarry, Horton, Berkshire and the house has been built in collaboration with the original excavation team; Wessex Archaeology. As this building showed minimal evidence for internal posts it has been constructed so that the roof rafters are ground fast, in order to provide additional strength to the large structure. Scots Pine, widely available in the Neolithic landscape, has been utilized in the main framework. Ash and Hazel make up the mainstay of the roof timbers over which reed thatch has been laid. Noticeable features of the building are the gable ends, with one representing a typical wattle and daub feature, and the other being made with split oak planks.
Bronze Age house
In 2021 the construction of Butser Ancient Farm's first Bronze Age house began, based on excavations from Dunch Hill on Salisbury Plain. This project is working in collaboration with Operation Nightingale, an initiative to assist the recovery of wounded, injured and sick military personnel and veterans by getting them involved in archaeological investigations. The Operation Nightingale team excavated the structure in 2020 and were then involved in its experimental reconstruction at Butser. The house was completed in October 2021.
Iron Age roundhouses
Situated within the Iron Age enclosure are six Iron Age roundhouse constructions.
The largest of these is the Little Woodbury roundhouse with a diameter of and a 2 ring posthole construction. Estimated material quantities to build this house include of oak for the frame and posts, of Ash and Elder for the rafters, of thatch, of hazel for the wattle walls and of daub.
Two houses are based on excavations from Danebury Iron Age Hillfort near Andover. These include CS14, a stake built construction with willow woven between the hazel wall stakes. The second Danebury house is CS1, constructed with oak plank walls in line with the evidence of a slot trench discovered in the excavations. This house is furnished with Iron Age style furnishings.
Two houses are based on excavations from Glastonbury Lake Village and constructed to be as lightweight as possible reflecting the building constraints imposed by the marshy ground conditions of the landscape around Glastonbury. House M59 and M74 both feature very thin willow woven walls and reed thatch roofs.
The Moel Y Gerddi Roundhouse is based on excavations from Harlech in North Wales and is constructed in a two ring style similar to the Little Woodbury Roundhouse. Unusually this house also features a back door. In 2009 the internal posts were shown to be rotten and a successful experiment was conducted in order to replace the posts in situ.
The Iron Age enclosure also features grain pits dug into the chalk earth, an Iron Age toilet construction, a 9 post structure and bread ovens.
Roman Villa
There is also a reconstructed Roman villa at the site. The construction is based on the western wing of Sparsholt Roman Villa which was excavated between 1965 and 1972. The building includes a functioning hypocaust system.
In 2017-18 the Villa was renovated including re-painting the walls based on excavated plaster remains showing original colours and patterns, and installing a replica mosaic floor in the central room. This took over 120,000 tesserae and 1000 hours. The villa has also been furnished with items representative of Roman furniture.
Saxon houses
There are two houses based on excavations from nearby Chalton Saxon Village. Chalton A2 was constructed in 2017 and the house is primarily made of English oak, sweet chestnut and hazel, all sourced from local coppiced woodlands. The roof is panelled wattle hurdles into which the wheat straw thatch was laid using hazel spars to hold it in place. The timber beams were hand hewn and the posts earth fastened into the ground. No nails or screws were used apart from in the Har-hung doors, and the beams are fixed using dovetail joints secured with trunnels.
Chalton A1 is being constructed with alternate walls featuring hit-and-miss boarding and a gable end roof.
There is also a small Saxon tree-wrights' workshop built using Saxon timber jointing techniques which demonstrates a shingle roofing technique.
Experimental archaeology
Peter Reynolds of Butser Ancient Farm was instrumental in the creation and development of experimental archaeology as a discipline, and experimental work has been carried out at Butser Ancient Farm since the site's inception in 1972. Until his death in 2001, the research work of the farm focused specifically on agriculture, domestic and agrarian life.
In more recent years, the study of buildings has become a key component of the farm's research. Each building on display to the public today represents the conclusion of an experiment, conducted in response to theoretical hypotheses about archaeological features found in excavation, about construction methods and techniques, or a combination of these.
Other considerations in experimental work on buildings can include variables such as the shape and pitch of roofing, thatching materials and techniques and the use of construction materials including wattle and daub, planking, turf and clunch.
While the first buildings to be experimentally constructed at the farm were based on evidence from the Late Iron Age, the research remit of the farm has expanded to include structures from the Mesolithic, Neolithic, Bronze Age (currently under construction), the Iron Age, the Roman and early medieval periods.
Film and television
The Doctor Who is a serial "The Mysterious Planet" was filmed at the farm. An episode of the 2005 BBC Television documentary series What the Ancients Did for Us examining the ideas and inventions of the Ancient Britons was filmed here.
Butser has also been featured in many other archaeological and historical documentaries including Mystic Britain, Digging for Britain and Britain's Pompeii - A Village Lost in Time with Alice Roberts.
The Farm has also been used as a location in several feature films and television series including Horrible Histories: The Movie - Rotten Romans, Britannia, Arthur and Merlin, The Four Warriors and Gladiatress.
In 2021 Butser Ancient Farm launched a platform of documentaries about their experimental archaeology projects called Butser Plus.
Images
See also
Weald and Downland Living Museum
Castell Henllys
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Books
Academic articles
News articles
External links
Butser Ancient Farm
A site showing period food preparation, with several examples from Butser Ancient Farm
Experimental archaeology
Museums in Hampshire
Tourist attractions in Hampshire
Farm museums in England
Agricultural museums in England
Museums of ancient Rome in the United Kingdom
Iron Age Britain
Replica buildings
Open-air museums in England
Yong Sports Academy (YOSA) is a football club in Bamenda, Cameroon. It plays in the country's top division Elite One.
History
Yong Sports Academy was founded in 2004 by Yong Francis, a former football referee. At that time, it was the only first division team in the Northwest Region of Cameroon. YOSA initially struggled to qualify for Inter-polls, the playoff for qualification for the First Division Championship - mostly against established teams.
In 2013, the team won Cameroon's National Football Cup.
Stadium
The team plays in Stade Municipal Mankon in Bamenda which has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.
The Bamenda Municipal Stadium YOSA has two professional pitches in the Academy situated in the outskirts of Nkwen Bamenda. To accommodate its growing fan base, YOSA plays its matches at the city stadium despite its poor state. This is because the club's fans are mostly based in the city center.
References
External links
Football clubs in Cameroon
Bamenda
Association football clubs established in 2004
2004 establishments in Cameroon
USA-117, also known as GPS IIA-16, GPS II-25 and GPS SVN-33, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the sixteenth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-117 was launched at 00:21:00 UTC on 28 March 1996, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D234, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17B (LC-17B) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-117 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 27 April 1996, USA-117 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.00 minutes, and 54.70° of inclination to the equator. It broadcasts the PRN 03 signal, and operates in slot 2 of plane C of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years; however, it actually remained in service until 2 August 2014.
It was subsequently disposed of and currently resides in a disposal orbit approximately 500 km above the operational constellation.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1996
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Make It Pop is a Canadian musical comedy television series created by Thomas W. Lynch and Nick Cannon that aired on Nickelodeon from March 26, 2015 to August 20, 2016. The series stars Megan Lee, Louriza Tronco, Erika Tham, and Dale Whibley.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2015)
Special (2015)
Season 2 (2016)
Special (2016)
References
Lists of Canadian children's television series episodes
Lists of Canadian comedy television series episodes
Lists of Nickelodeon television series episodes
The Piedmont ecoregion is a United States ecoregion designated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Commission for Environmental Cooperation (CEC).
Considered the nonmountainous portion of the old Appalachian Highlands by physiographers, the northeast-southwest trending Piedmont ecoregion comprises a transitional area between the mostly mountainous ecoregions of the Appalachians to the northwest and the relatively flat coastal plain to the southeast. It is a complex mosaic of Precambrian and Paleozoic metamorphic and igneous rocks, with moderately dissected irregular plains and some hills. The soils tend to be finer-textured than in coastal plain regions. Once largely cultivated, much of this region has reverted to successional pine and hardwood woodlands, with an increasing conversion to an urban and suburban land cover.
References
https://www.sciencebase.gov/catalog/item/55c77fc4e4b08400b1fd8350 (public-domain origin of the text in this article)
Ecoregions of the United States
Andrey Lopes dos Santos (born 18 October 1973) is a Brazilian football manager, and is the current assistant manager of Palmeiras.
Career
Born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Lopes started working at Internacional's youth categories in 1995. In 2006, he moved to Ulbra, being in charge of the under-20 squad.
Lopes joined Grêmio in 2007, taking over the under-20s. On 7 September 2010, he was named Renato Portaluppi's assistant at the main squad, but returned to his previous role the following 4 August.
Dismissed by Grêmio in 2012, Lopes was manager of Cerâmica's under-20s for a short period before joining Dunga's staff back at Internacional in December of that year. On 22 July 2014, after Dunga was named manager of the Brazil national team, Lopes was again appointed as his assistant. He left in October of the following year, after Dunga was fired, and was named assistant at Palmeiras on 12 December 2017.
On 2 December 2019, Lopes was appointed interim manager of Palmeiras, replacing sacked Mano Menezes. His first match in charge occurred three days later, a 5–1 home routing of Goiás. He worked in another match before returning to his previous role.
On 15 October 2020, Lopes was again named interim after the dismissal of Vanderlei Luxemburgo.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Porto Alegre
Brazilian football managers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A manager
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras managers
Judge James Edwin Horton (1878 – March 1973) was a Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit Court in Alabama. He was elected in 1922 and again in 1928.
Birth and education
Judge Horton was born January 4, 1878, the son of James Horton, Sr. and Emily Donelson. His mother was the great-niece of former President of the United States Andrew Jackson. His family bible shows he was born in Limestone County, AL. At some point during his childhood he moved to Athens, Alabama.
He had no formal education until the age of eight or nine. He was a sickly child and had to rely on his mother's care. Nothing has been known about Judge Horton's high school education. The next record of him appeared when he enrolled in Vanderbilt University's medical studies program. His decision to become a doctor was influenced by his father.
After a year Horton decided that medicine was not for him and transferred to Cumberland University in Lebanon, Tennessee and gained his B.A. in 1897. At Cumberland School of Law he earned his Bachelor of Law degree in 1899. Horton's clerked for his father, a Probate Judge, before entering into a private practice.
Career
Judge Horton served one term in the Alabama State Legislature from 1910–1914. Following this he served in the Alabama State Senate. His term as a Senator was cut short when a chancery court opening appeared, which he took.
He eventually left his seat on the chancery court, returning to his old law practice and farming his land. He continued with this life for some time, before being elected judge of the Eighth Circuit Court, as noted above. It was during his second term that Judge Horton got the most important case of his career: the re-trials of the Scottsboro Boys.
Scottsboro Boys re-trials
Judge Horton presided over the re-trials of the Scottsboro Boys. Both the prosecution and defense agreed with his choice. Numerous comparisons were made in the media to his resemblance to former President Abraham Lincoln. He was represented as the perfect man for the job. However, much to the prosecution's dismay, Judge Horton issued a startling rebuke to the State's case after a conviction and death penalty were handed down against Haywood Patterson. To quote:
After handing down this statement, Judge Horton was taken off the case by the Alabama Supreme Court. In his place, the State put Judge William Washington Callahan.
End of career
The year after Judge Horton's statement, he lost his re-election bid to Aquilla Griffith. He then retired to his farm and tried to live a quiet life. This was disturbed in March 1934, when he sold the Tennessee Valley Authority his land so that they could build the Wheeler Dam.
Using the proceeds of this sale, Judge Horton and his wife, Anna Hobbs Horton, pooled their money and bought of land in Greenbrier, Alabama. He then took his wife's family home in Athens apart piece-by-piece and reassembled it in Greenbrier.
At Greenbrier, he devoted his time to farming. He raised cotton, corn, and soybeans, as well as the largest herd of Aberdeen-Angus cattle in Alabama.
He died in March 1973 at 95. He is immortalized in a bronze plaque on a wall just outside of the courtroom where he heard the Scottsboro cases:So far as the law is concerned it knows neither native nor alien, Jew nor Gentile, black nor white. This case is no different from any other. We have only to do our duty without fear or favor.A statue of Judge Horton, made of bronze, stands on the west side of the Limestone County courthouse. Several members of the local community initiated the Judge Horton statue project, which was completed and unveiled in October 2017.
References
External links
Profile of Judge James Horton. Jr., Scottsboro Judge
Scottsboro: An American Tragedy (PBS)
Judge Horton's Statement
Judge William Washington Callahan
Alabama state court judges
1930s in the United States
1931 in the United States
1878 births
1973 deaths
People from Limestone County, Alabama
Loch Dhu is a house in northwestern Berkeley County, South Carolina about east of Eutawville, South Carolina. It was built around 1812–1816. It is located close to Lake Marion about north of South Carolina Route 6 on Loch Dhu Lane. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on July 13, 1977.
History
The plantation house was probably built by Robert J. Kirk, who was a planter. The plantation was named Loch Dhu, which is Scottish Gaelic for "black lake" for a dark pond on the plantation. His son, Philip C. Kirk, inherited the plantation. The 1860 Agricultural Census listed improved and unimproved. He planted cotton, corn, and sweet potatoes. Philip Kirk also served in the South Carolina General Assembly from 1854 to 1864. He was a surgeon in the Confederate Army and used his plantation to nurse wounded soldiers.
When Lake Marion was constructed, many old plantation homes were lost to the waters. The Hanover House was moved to Clemson due to its architectural significance. Loch Dhu was on higher ground and survived. It is now on a hill with Lake Marion behind.
Architecture
It is a two-story clapboard house with a hip roof. It was built around 1812. The house has a brick foundation and a one-story porch. It has two interior chimneys.
The front has two closely spaced doors that enter different rooms. There are two nine over nine lights on each side. The upper story has five nine over nine lights. The middle window is off center. All the windows on the front elevation have shutters. The side elevations have three nine over nine lights on each level. The lower windows have shutters. The rear elevation has a modern, two-story addition. The clapboard siding has been bricked over.
The interior plan has four rooms on both levels. The first story has a drawing and dining on the front and smaller rooms in the rear with no central hallway. The upper floor has four rooms with a central hall. The floors in the house are original. The drawing and dining rooms have wainscoting, which is stained in the dining room and painted in the drawing room.
Additional pictures and a sketch of the first floor plan are available. The old separate kitchen, barn, and smokehouse remain.
References
External links
Historic American Buildings Survey in South Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Houses in Berkeley County, South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Berkeley County, South Carolina
Plantations in South Carolina
Plantation houses in South Carolina
Hinshaw is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ashley Hinshaw (born 1988), American actress and model
Alexander Omar Hinshaw (born 1982), American Major League Baseball
Andrew Jackson Hinshaw (born 1923)
Edmund Howard Hinshaw (1860–1932), Nebraska republican
Dr. Horton Corwin Hinshaw (1902-2000), Pioneer in the treatment of tuberculosis
Jerry E. Hinshaw (1917-2003), member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1981 to 1996
John Carl Hinshaw (1894–1956), United States Representative
Waldo Stephen Hinshaw (born 1940), Pioneer in the development of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) technology
See also
Hinshaw's, a department store chain in Southern California
Hinshaw Music, music publisher in Chapel Hill, North Carolina
Elias Hinshaw House
House of Lenin, currently Philharmonic Chamber hall, is a building in Novosibirsk, located at Krasniy Prospect, 32. C.
History
After the death of Vladimir Lenin the residents of Novosibirsk decided to commemorate Lenin's legacy. On February 10, 1924, it was decided to build a house monument.
The funds were donated by the workers of the town.
The ground-breaking ceremony occurred on July 13, 1924, and the building was completed in 1926.
Originally the building had elements of the Lenin's Mausoleum incorporated into its facade; however, they haven't survived the later reconstructions.
The House was in the center of public and political life of the city. It was a home of the central library, first Siberian radio station and many other local and regional organizations.
In 1930–1985, Novosibirsk Theater of youth was located in the House of Lenin. Some of the plays in the 1950s located in the theater were considered "creative" and "intense".
The building was reconstructed in 1937-1938 and 1943-1944 to transform its original "revolutionary" shape into a more classical theatrical building.
In 1970 a wall of the building facing Monument to the Heroes of the Revolution was decorated with revolution-themed images.
Finally, in 1985, the theater moved to a new building and the House of Lenin was converted into Philharmonic Chamber hall.
See also
100-Flat Building
Sibrevcom Building
City Trade House
References
External links
House of Lenin at Letopisi.ru
House of Lenin at Novosibdom.ru
Tourist attractions in Novosibirsk
Buildings and structures in Novosibirsk
Tsentralny City District, Novosibirsk
Buildings and structures completed in 1926
Cultural depictions of Vladimir Lenin
Monuments and memorials built in the Soviet Union
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Novosibirsk Oblast
The Bwindi Impenetrable National Park (BINP) is in southwestern Uganda. The park is part of the Bwindi Impenetrable Forest and is situated along the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) border next to the Virunga National Park and on the edge of the Albertine Rift. Composed of of both montane and lowland forest, it is accessible only on foot. BINP is a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization-designated World Heritage Site.
Species diversity is a feature of the park. It provides habitat for 120 species of mammals, 348 species of birds, 220 species of butterflies, 27 species of frogs, chameleons, geckos, and many endangered species. Floristically, the park is among the most diverse forests in East Africa, with more than 1,000 flowering plant species, including 163 species of trees and 104 species of ferns. The northern (low elevation) sector has many species of Guineo-Congolian flora, including two endangered species, the brown mahogany and Brazzeia longipedicellata. In particular, the area shares in the high levels of endemisms of the Albertine Rift.
The park is a sanctuary for colobus monkeys, chimpanzees, and many birds such as hornbills and turacos. It is most notable for the 400 Bwindi gorillas, half of the world's population of the endangered mountain gorillas. 14 habituated mountain gorilla groups are open to tourism in four different sectors of Buhoma, Ruhijja, Rushaga and the Nkuringo in the Districts of Kanungu, Kabale and Kisoro respectively all under the management of Uganda Wildlife Authority.
History
In 1932, two blocks of the Bwindi Impenetrable Forest were designated as Crown Forest Reserves. The northern block was designated as the "Kayonza Crown Forest Reserve", and the southern block designated as the "Kasatora Crown Forest Reserve". These reserves had a combined area of . In 1942, the two reserves were combined and enlarged, then renamed the Impenetrable Central Crown Forest. This new protected area covered and was under the joint control of the Ugandan government's game and forest departments.
In 1964, the reserve was designated as an animal sanctuary to provide extra protection for its mountain gorillas and renamed the Impenetrable Central Forest Reserve. In 1966, two other forest reserves became part of the main reserve, increasing its area to almost . The park continued to be managed as both a game sanctuary and forest reserve.
In 1991, the Impenetrable Central Forest Reserve, along with the Mgahinga Gorilla Reserve and the Rwenzori Mountains Reserve, was designated as a national park and renamed the Bwindi Impenetrable National Park. It covered an area of . The national park was declared in part to protect a range of species within it, most notably the mountain gorilla. The reclassification of the park had a large impact on the Batwa pygmy people, who were evicted from the forest and no longer permitted to enter the park or access its resources. Gorilla tracking became a tourist activity in April 1993, and the park became a popular tourist destination. In 1994, a area was incorporated into the park and it was inscribed on the World Heritage List. The park's management changed: Uganda National Parks, since renamed the Uganda Wildlife Authority, became responsible for the park. In 2003 a piece of land next to the park with an area of was purchased and incorporated into the park.
In March 1999, a force of 100–150 former Rwandan Interahamwe guerrillas infiltrated across the border from the DRC and kidnapped 14 foreign tourists and their Ugandan guide from the park headquarters, eventually releasing six and murdering the remaining eight with machetes and clubs. Several victims were reportedly tortured, and at least one of the female victims was raped. The Ugandan guide was doused with gasoline and lit on fire. The Interahamwe attack was reportedly intended to "destabilize Uganda" and frighten away tourist traffic from the park, depriving the Ugandan government of income. The park was forced to close for several months, and the popularity of the gorilla tours suffered badly for several years, though attendance has since recovered due to greater stability in the area. An armed guard also now accompanies every tour group.
Geography and climate
Kabale town to the south-east is the nearest main town to the park, away by road. The park is composed of two blocks of forest that are connected by a corridor of forest. The shape of the park is a legacy of previous conservation management, when the original two forest blocks were protected in 1932. There is agricultural land where there were previously trees directly outside the park's borders. Cultivation in this area is intense.
The park's underlying geology consists of Precambrian shale phyllite, quartz, quartzite, schist, and granite. The park is at the edge of the Western Rift Valley in the highest parts of the Kigezi Highlands, which were created by up-warping of the Western Rift Valley. Its topography is very rugged, with narrow valleys intersected by rivers and steep hills. Elevations in the park range from above sea level, and 60 percent of the park has an elevation of over . The highest elevation is Rwamunyonyi Hill at the eastern edge of the park. The lowest part of the park is at its most northern tip.
The forest is an important water catchment area. With a generally impermeable underlying geology where water mostly flows through large fault structures, water infiltration and aquifers are limited. Much of the park's rainfall forms streams, and the forest has a dense network of streams. The forest is the source of many rivers that flow to the north, west, and south. Major rivers that rise in the park include the Ivi, Munyaga, Ihihizo, Ishasha, and Ntengyere rivers, which flow into Lake Edward. Other rivers flow into Lakes Mutanda and Bunyonyi. Bwindi supplies water to local agricultural areas.
Bwindi has a tropical climate. Annual mean temperature ranges from a minimum of to a maximum of . Its annual rainfall ranges from . Peak rainfall occurs from March to April and from September to November. The park's forest plays an important role in regulating the surrounding area's environment and climate. High amounts of evapotranspiration from the forest's vegetation increases the precipitation that the region outside the park receives. They also lessen soil erosion, which is a serious problem in south-western Uganda. They lessen flooding and ensure that streams continue to flow in the dry season.
Biodiversity
The Bwindi Impenetrable Forest is old, complex, and biologically rich. Diverse species are a feature of the park, and it became an UNESCO World Heritage Site because of its ecological importance. Among East African forests, Bwindi has some of the richest populations of trees, small mammals, birds, reptiles, butterflies, and moths. The park's diverse species are partly a result of the large variations of elevation and habitat types in the park, and may also be because the forest was a refuge for species during glaciations in the Pleistocene epoch.
The park's forests are afromontane, which is a rare vegetation type on the African continent. Located where plain and mountain forests meet, there is a continuum of low-altitude to high altitude primary forests in the park, one of the few large tracts of East African forest where this occurs. The park has more than 220 tree species, and more than 50% of Uganda's tree species, and more than 100 fern species. The brown mahogany is a threatened plant species in the park.
Bwindi Impenetrable National Park is important for the conservation of the afromontane fauna, especially species endemic to the Western Rift Valley's mountains. It is thought to have one of the richest faunal communities in East Africa, including more than 350 bird species and more than 200 butterfly species. There are an estimated 120 mammal species in the park, of which 10 are primates, and more than 45 are small mammals. Along with mountain gorilla, species in the park include common chimpanzee, L'Hoest's monkey, African elephant, African green broadbill, and cream-banded swallowtail, black and white colobus, red-tailed monkeys, vervets, the giant forest hog, and small antelope species. The fish species in the park's rivers and streams are not well known. There are also many carnivores, including the side-striped jackal, African golden cat, and African civet.
Mountain gorillas
The park is inhabited by about 459 individual mountain gorillas as per the last 2019 Gorilla Census (Gorilla Fund)(Gorilla beringei beringei), known as the Bwindi population, which makes up almost half of all the mountain gorillas in the world. The rest of the worldwide mountain gorilla population lives in the nearby Virunga Mountains. A 2006 census of the mountain gorilla population in the park showed that its numbers had increased modestly from an estimated 300 individuals in 1997, to 320 individuals in 2002 to 340 individuals in 2006, and 400 in 2018. Poaching, disease and habitat loss are the greatest threat to the gorillas.
Research on the Bwindi population lags behind that of the Virunga National Park population, but some preliminary research on the Bwindi gorilla population has been carried out by Craig Stanford. This research has shown that the Bwindi gorilla's diet is markedly higher in fruit than that of the Virunga population, and that the Bwindi gorillas, even silverbacks, are more likely to climb trees to feed on foliage, fruits, and epiphytes. In some months, the Bwindi gorilla diet is very similar to that of Bwindi chimpanzees. It was also found that Bwindi gorillas travel farther per day than Virunga gorillas, particularly on days when feeding primarily on fruit than when they are feeding on fibrous foods. Additionally, Bwindi gorillas are much more likely to build their nests in trees, nearly always in Alchornea floribunda (locally, "Echizogwa"), a small understory tree.
The mountain gorilla is an endangered species, with an estimated total population of about 650 individuals. There are no mountain gorillas in captivity, but during the 1960s and 1970s, some were captured to start captive breeding.
Conservation
The park is owned by the Uganda Wildlife Authority, a parastatal government body. The park has total protection, although communities adjacent to the park can access some of its resources.
The areas bordering the park have a high population density of more than 300 people per square kilometer. Some of the people who live in these areas are among the poorest people in Uganda. The high population and poor agricultural practises place a great pressure on the Bwindi forest, and are one of the biggest threats to the park. Ninety percent of the people are dependent on subsistence agriculture, as agriculture is one of the area's few ways of earning income.
Prior to Bwindi's gazetting as a national park in 1991, the park was designated as a forest reserve, and regulations about the right to access the forest were more liberal and seldom enforced. Local people hunted, mined, logged, pit sawed, and kept bees in the park. It was gazetted as a national park in 1991 because of its rich biodiversity and threats to the integrity of the forest. Its designation as a national park gave the park higher protection status. State agencies increased protection and control of the park. Adjacent communities' access to the forest immediately ended. This closing of access caused large amounts of resentment and conflict among these local communities and park authorities. The Batwa, a group that had relied on the forest, were badly affected. The Batwa fished, harvested wild yams and honey, and had ancestral sites within the park. Despite the Batwa people's historical claim to land rights and having lived in the area for generations without destroying the area's ecosystem, they did not benefit from any national compensation scheme when they were evicted. Non-Batwa farmers who had cut down the forested areas in order to cultivate them, received compensation and their land rights were recognised. People have lost livestock and crops from wildlife, and there have been some human deaths. The habituation of gorillas to humans in order to facilitate tourism may have increased the damage they do to local people's property because their fear of people has decreased.
Tourism
Tourists may visit the park any time during the year, although conditions in the park are more difficult during the rainy season. The park is in a remote location and the roads are in poor condition, the drive time from Kampala is estimated at 8 hours. The park is connected by domestic flights from Entebbe International Airport, which land at Kihihi Airstrip and Kisoro Airstrip. Tourist accommodations include a lodge, tented camps, and rooms run by the community located near the Buhoma entrance gate.
Bwindi Community Hospital provides health care to 40,000 people in the area and to visiting tourists.
Gorilla tracking is the park's main tourist attraction, and it generates much revenue for Uganda Wildlife Authority. Gorilla tracking first became available in April 1993, when tourists tracked the Mubare gorilla group. Tourists wishing to track gorillas must first obtain a permit. Selected gorillas families have been habituated to human presence, and the number of visitors is tightly controlled to prevent risks to the gorillas and degradation of the habitat. Several tour companies are able to reserve gorilla tracking permits for prospective visitors to Bwindi. The gorillas seldom react to tourists. There are strict rules for tourists to minimize the risk of disease transmission to the gorillas. Uganda, Rwanda, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo are the only countries where it is possible to visit mountain gorillas. Guided walks through the forest include a walk to a waterfall, and walks for monkey watching and birding.
See also
Institute of Tropical Forest Conservation — a forest research institute in the park.
References
External links
ESA.int: Map of Bwindi Impenetrable Forest
National parks of Uganda
Kanungu District
Kisoro District
Important Bird Areas of Uganda
World Heritage Sites in Uganda
Protected areas established in 1991
1991 establishments in Uganda
Albertine Rift montane forests
Darren Balsley (born October 27, 1964) is a baseball coach. He was the pitching coach of the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball from 2003 to 2019.
Balsley was a minor-league pitcher before he decided to go into coaching. He went to Mount Carmel High School in San Diego and attended Palomar College. He had been in this role since May 17, 2003. Under his tutelage, the Padres pitching has greatly improved, with the team ERA going from 4.87 in 2003 to a Major-League best 3.70 in 2007 and again Major-League leading best 3.07 ERA in 2010. Many pitchers have gone on to have some of the best years of their careers under his coaching. These players include Heath Bell, Jake Peavy, Cla Meredith, Chris Young, Akinori Otsuka, and Kevin Cameron.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Baseball players from California
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Idaho Falls Chukars players
Knoxville Blue Jays players
Major League Baseball pitching coaches
Modesto Nuts players
Pocatello Gems players
San Diego Padres coaches
Sportspeople from Newport Beach, California
Bill Clements (1917–2011) was Governor of Texas.
William Clements may also refer to:
William Clements (Baltimore MP) (1733–1770), Irish politician, MP for Baltimore 1761–1768
Bill Clements (American football), American football player and coach
Bill Clements (footballer), Australian rules footballer
William Clements, 3rd Earl of Leitrim (1806–1878), Anglo-Irish nobleman
William L. Clements (1861–1934), American book and manuscript collector
William Clements High School in Texas, established in 1983
See also
William Clemens (disambiguation)
William Clement (disambiguation)
Deon Joubert (born June 1953) is a former professional tennis player from South Africa.
Biography
Joubert represented South Africa in the 1973 Davis Cup, for a tie against Argentina which was held in Montevideo, Uruguay. He teamed up with Bernard Mitton in the doubles to beat Ricardo Cano and Guillermo Vilas in five sets. That win kept South Africa in the tie and Joubert was called up to play Vilas in the fourth rubber, but was comfortably beaten by the Argentine.
A left-handed player, Joubert competed in the 1973 Wimbledon Championships as a lucky loser and managed to make it to the third round, with wins over Colin Dowdeswell and Jaime Pinto-Bravo. In the third round he lost to Davis Cup teammate Bernard Mitton, also a lucky loser, in a five set match.
In 1978 he won two American ATP Challenger tournaments, the first in Birmingham and the other in Virginia Beach.
On the Grand Prix tennis circuit he had his best performance in 1979 when he was runner-up in a tournament in Johannesburg in 1979. He lost the final to Argentina's José Luis Clerc. The following year he made the semi-finals of the Sarasota Open in Florida.
Grand Prix career finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Challenger titles
Singles: (2)
See also
List of South Africa Davis Cup team representatives
Notes
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
South African male tennis players
Date of birth missing (living people)
White South African people
Uganda sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the eighth appearance of the country in the Summer Paralympic Games after it debuted forty-four years prior at the 1972 Heidelberg Paralympics. Athletics track runner David Emong was the sole athlete representing Uganda in Rio de Janeiro. He took part in the men's 400 metres T45–47 competition on 8 September and did not qualify for the finals because he was fifteenth overall. Emong participated in the men's 1500 metres T45–46 event later that day and he took Uganda's first medal in Paralympic competition by coming second in the final.
Background
Uganda made its Paralympic debut at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg, West Germany. After competing at the 1976 Toronto Paralympics, they were absent from the Summer Paralympics until the 1996 Atlanta Games, and have taken part in every Summer Paralympic Games since. These Rio de Janeiro Games were the nation's eighth appearance at a Summer Paralympiad. Uganda had not won its first Paralympic medal before the Rio de Janeiro edition. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Athletics track runner David Emong was the only competitor for Uganda in Rio de Janeiro. Three other athletes, Christine Akullo, Emmanuel Vukoja and Bashir Bwanga, failed to make the team due to them missing their final qualifying meets. Emong was chosen as the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Medallists
Uganda finished tied for ninth among African countries for the total number of medals won and sixty-ninth overall, winning one silver. Ethiopia and the Ivory Coast also won a single silver medal.
Disability classification
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
A veteran of the 2012 Summer Paralympics and a silver medalist in the 1500 metres T46 at the 2015 African Games, David Emong was 26 years old at the time of the Rio Paralympic Games. His left arm was broken at the shoulder point after his fellow students beat him in primary school in 2005 and he did not receive medical treatment which resulted in the limited usage of the limb. Emong is classified as T46 by the International Paralympic Committee. He qualified for the Games by using a wild card because he could not attend the final qualifying meet in Qatar. Emong partook in the men's 400 metres T45–47 event on 8 September and was assigned to heat three. He finished the race in 58.30 seconds and was fifth and last out of all the finishing runners in his heat. Only the top eight in all three heats progressed to the finals, and Emong was eliminated because he was fifteenth overall. Later that day, he took part in the men's 1500 metres T45–46 competition and competed directly in the final because no heats were scheduled. Emong ran in the fourth lane and overtook Michael Roeger of Australia with 37 seconds to go and claimed second with a time of four minutes and 00.62 seconds. This earned him the silver medal and Uganda's first medal in Paralympic competition. Emong was praised by public figures in Uganda for his achievement, and he spoke of his ambition to inspire young people with disabilities in the country to take up athletics.
Men's Track
See also
Uganda at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Ugandan sport
Escorpión de Primavera () is the debut studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Anasol, released in 1999 in an independent label called Pato Records.
Track listing
References
1999 albums
Anasol albums
The black-chinned whistler (Pachycephala mentalis) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae, endemic to Halmahera and adjacent smaller islands in North Maluku in Indonesia.
Taxonomy and systematics
It is variably considered a subspecies of the Australian golden whistler or treated as a separate species, but strong published evidence in favour of either treatment is limited, and further study is warranted to resolve the complex taxonomic situation.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
P. m. tidorensis – van Bemmel, 1939: Found on Tidore and Ternate islands
P. m. mentalis – Wallace, 1863: Found on Bacan, Halmahera and Morotai islands
P. m. obiensis – Salvadori, 1878: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Obi Islands (Obi and Bisa)
Description
The black-chinned whistler is the northernmost member of the golden whistler group, being bordered to the south by the yellow-throated whistler. The black-chinned whistler is relatively large, and males are white-throated, have an incomplete black chest-band (only distinct in the center of the chest; does not connect to the black head) and a small black chin (lacking in Obi Islands).
References
black-chinned whistler
Birds of the Maluku Islands
black-chinned whistler
Thaeides is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Thaeides theia (Hewitson, 1870) Ecuador, Brazil(Rio de Janeiro)
Thaeides muela (Dyar, 1913) Peru
Thaeides goleta (Hewitson, 1877) Colombia
Thaeides xavieri (Le Crom & Johnson, 1997) Colombia
Thaeides pyrczi (Johnson, Le Crom & Constantino, 1997) Venezuela.
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
The women's individual archery event at the 1980 Summer Olympics was part of the archery programme. The event consisted of a double FITA round. For each round, the archer shot 36 arrows at each of four distances—70, 60, 50, and 30 metres. The highest score for each arrow was 10 points, giving a possible maximum of 2880 points.
The gold medal went to Soviet Georgian Ketevan Losaberidze, the top Soviet archer of the 1970s. Losaberidze also won World team titles in 1973 and 1981, a European individual title in 1972 and European team titles in 1972, 1978 and 1980. The silver medal in Moscow went to her teammate, Natalya Butuzova, later the 1981 World Champion, and winner of the European Championship in 1980 and 1982.
Results
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
W
1980 in women's archery
Women's events at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Manuel Valera (born October 17, 1980) is a Cuban pianist and composer.
Graduated from South Broward High School, Hollywood, FL
Biography
Valera was born in Havana, Cuba. Since 2000 he has lived in New York City, where he attended New School University. His playing is influenced by Bill Evans, Chick Corea and Keith Jarrett, and he has worked extensively in the groups of Dafnis Prieto, Arturo Sandoval, Paquito D'Rivera, Brian Lynch, Yosvany Terry, Jeff "Tain" Watts and Lenny White.
Recordings
Valera's first CD as a leader Forma Nueva was released in 2004. It features bassist John Patitucci, drummers Bill Stewart and Horacio "El Negro" Hernandez and saxophonist Seamus Blake. Historia, Melancolia and Vientos were released between 2005–2007, featuring drummers Antonio Sanchez and Ernesto Simpson, saxophonist Seamus Blake and Joel Frahm, bassists Ben Street and James Genus and percussionist Luis Quintero. 2009 marked the release of Currents, a trio recording with Genus and Simpson and it was also Valera's debut on the Maxjazz label.
After a hiatus as a leader, to focus on sideman work, in 2012 Valera released New Cuban Express with Yosvany Terry on saxophone, John Benitez on bass, Tom Guarna on guitar, Eric Doob on drums, and percussionist Mauricio Herrera.This recording earned him a nomination for a 2013 Grammy Award in the category "Best Latin Jazz Album".
As leader
Forma Nueva (2004, Mavo) with John Patitucci, Bill Stewart, Horacio "El Negro" Hernandez & Seamus Blake
Historia (2005, Fresh Sound) with Ben Street, Antonio Sanchez & Seamus Blake
Melancolia (2006, Mavo) with Ben Street, Antonio Sanchez, Seamus Blake, Luis Quintero
Vientos (2007, Anzic Records) with James Genus, Ernesto Simpson, Joel Frahm
Currents (2009, Maxjazz) with James Genus & Ernesto Simpson
New Cuban Express (2012, Mavo) with Yosvany Terry, Tom Guarna, John Benitez, Eric Doob & Mauricio Herrera
Expectativas (2013, CD Baby) with Yosvany Terry, Tom Guarna, John Benitez, Paulo Stagnaro & Ludwig Afonso
Self Portrait (2014, CD Baby)
In Motion (2014, Criss Cross Jazz) with Yosvany Terry, Tom Guarna, Alex Sipiagin Hans Glawischnig, Mauricio Herrera and Ludwig Afonso
Live at Firehouse 12 (2015, CD Baby) with E.J. Strickland and Hans Glawischnig
Urban Landscapes (2015, Destiny Records) with Groove Square
The Seasons (2017, Mavo Records) with E.J. Strickland and Hans Glawischnig
The Planets (2018, Mavo Records) with E.J. Strickland and Hans Glawischnig
Selected discography as a sideman
with Dafnis Prieto – The Sooner The Better
with Dafnis Prieto – Si o Si Quartet Live at the Jazz Standard
with Brain Lynch – Conclave, Vol. 2
with John Benitez – Purpose
with Oscar Feldman – Oscar E Familia
with Samuel Torres – Yaounde
with Dana Lauren – It's You or No One
Awards
Finalist in the 2004 and 2006 Great American Jazz Competition
Recipient of the 2005 and 2006 ASCAP Young Composers Award
Final nominee in the Up & Coming Musician of the Year category of the Jazz Journalists Association Awards.
Received a commission for the 2007, 2013 and 2017 Chamber Music America New Works Award.
New Cuban Express nominated for 2013 Grammy, Best Latin Jazz Album of the Year
2019 Guggenheim Fellowship in musical composition
References
External links
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/manuel-valera-mn0000128062 http://www.freshsoundrecords.com/historia-cd-4048.html http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=42465#.UFDHsUI1alI http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=26029#.UFDHyUI1alI
https://www.nytimes.com/2006/03/25/arts/music/25manu.html http://www.sunnysiderecords.com/artist.php?id=411
https://web.archive.org/web/20120922115633/http://jazztimes.com/guides/artists/9699-manuel-valera
https://www.npr.org/event/music/149577869/manuel-valeras-new-cuban-express-live-at-92y-tribeca
http://www.miamiherald.com/2012/09/19/3010465/dazzling-cuban-pianist-manuel.html http://www.ascap.com/eventsawards/awards/jazzwall/2004/bios/yj_recipients/valera.aspx https://archive.today/20130118043158/http://afrocubanlatinjazz4.blogspot.com/2010/03/manuel-valera-cuba-2005-192k.html
Cuban composers
Cuban jazz pianists
People from Havana
1980 births
Living people
21st-century pianists
Totzeret HaAretz Towers (, Migdalei Totzeret HaAretz), stylized as ToHa, is a partly built complex of three office skyscrapers in Tel Aviv, Israel. The first tower was completed in February 2019, and the second is slated to be inaugurated in 2024.
History
The complex is located on and named after Totzeret Haaretz Street in Nahalat Yitzhak, in eastern Tel Aviv. It faces HaShalom Street in the south and Yigal Allon Street in the west. It is within walking distance of Tel Aviv HaShalom railway station.
The towers were designed by the British-Israeli architect Ron Arad and Yashar Architects, while the public space design was given to UK-based Vogt Landscape Architects, and the local company Tema. The developing company is a partnership between Amot and Gav-Yam.
Aloni Hetz, Amot's parent company, purchased two adjacent lots to build the complex, which has a total footprint of . One lot was purchased from the Tara Compound to the west, and the other from Gazit-Globe, which saw the demolition of the latter's office building there. The complex is meant to adhere to the LEED Platinum standard.
WeWork is the largest tenant in the first tower, having leased 6.5 floors through Israeli real estate company Ampa. This is WeWork's largest space in Israel.
In 2018, Akamai Technologies rented two floors in the first tower. Other tenants include Natural Intelligence, Tufin, Dynamic Yield, Discount Investments and Trax Retail. In November 2018, Amot reported that 95% of the office space in the tower had been leased.
Buildings
The Totzeret Haaretz complex consists of three towers.
Totzeret HaAretz 1
Totzeret HaAretz 1, completed on February 3, 2019, spans 30 floors and . It contains of office space, and cost ILS 950 million to build. Architect Asa Bruno from Ron Arad's office oversaw the tower's construction.
According to the architects, the tower is meant to resemble an iceberg. The tower stands on three legs of seven floors each, containing the technical infrastructure of the building. This was done in order to free up the roof, measuring about in area, for public use. The legs are also meant to house a restaurant and café, and part of the roof is reserved for a restaurant. There is atrium in the middle of the tower, spanning the floors above the legs. The building features double glass panels, with centrally-controlled curtains in between. Between the floors there are Dekton-covered protrusions that provide shade.
Totzeret HaAretz 2 and 3
Totzeret HaAretz 2, slated for completion in 2026 and will be tall, making it one of the tallest buildings in the city. According to the developer, a skyscraper with of office space was approved by the Tel Aviv local planning committee in August 2019. Its construction was officially announced in December 2021, with a height of 75 floors.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Tel Aviv
Israeli architecture
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Tel Aviv
Skyscraper office buildings in Israel
Morlot is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antoine Morlot (1766–1809), French military leader
François-Nicholas-Madeleine Morlot (1795–1762), French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
Ludovic Morlot (born 1973), French conductor of classical music
See also
Adolph von Morlot
Horst-Rüdiger Magnor (23 February 1942 – 16 February 2008) was a German racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1942 births
2008 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
German male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of West Germany
Place of birth missing
Ministrymon is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Nearctic and Neotropical realms.
Species
Ministrymon albimimicus (Johnson, 1986)
Ministrymon arola (Hewitson, 1868)
Ministrymon arthuri Bálint, Johnson & Austin, [1999]
Ministrymon azia (Hewitson, 1873)
Ministrymon cleon (Fabricius, 1775)
Ministrymon clytie (Edwards, 1877)
Ministrymon coronta (Hewitson, 1874)
Ministrymon cruenta (Gosse, 1880)
Ministrymon fostera (Schaus, 1902)
Ministrymon gamma (Druce, 1909)
Ministrymon inoa (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Ministrymon janevicroy Glassberg, 2013
Ministrymon leda (Edwards, 1882)
Ministrymon ligia (Hewitson, 1877)
Ministrymon megacles (Stoll, [1780])
Ministrymon ollantaitamba (Johnson, Miller & Herrera, 1992)
Ministrymon phrutus (Geyer, 1832)
Ministrymon sanguinalis (Burmeister, 1878)
Ministrymon una (Hewitson, 1873)
Ministrymon zilda (Hewitson, 1873)
References
, 1998: New species of Eumaeini (Lycaenidae) from Southeastern Brazil II. Review of regional Ministrymon and descriptions of new species (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Annales historico-naturales Musei nationalis hungarici 90: 195-214. Full article: .
, 1992: Two new butterflies (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae) from Cuba. Caribbean Journal of Science 28 (3-4): 149-157. Full article: .
, 2013: A butterfly with olive green eyes discovered in the United States and the Neotropics (Lepidoptera, Lycaenidae, Eumaeini). Zookeys 305: 1-20. Full article: .
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Minor Blues is an album by pianist Kenny Barron recorded in New York in 2009 and released on the Japanese Venus label.
Reception
In the review on AllMusic, Ken Dryden noted "This is yet another fine example of Kenny Barron's superb chops in a small-group setting".
Track listing
"Minor Blues" (Kenny Barron) – 6:29
"Beautiful Love" (Wayne King, Victor Young, Egbert Van Alstyne, Haven Gillespie) – 6:55
"Emily" (Johnny Mandel, Johnny Mercer) – 6:51
"For Heaven's Sake" (Elise Bretton, Sherman Edwards, Donald Meyer) – 9:00
"How Deep Is the Ocean?" (Irving Berlin) – 8:16
"Too Late Now" (Burton Lane, Alan Jay Lerner) – 8:34
"Don't Explain" (Billie Holiday, Arthur Herzog Jr.) – 6:30
"Hush-a-Bye" (Ambroise Thomas, Sammy Fain, Jerry Seelen) – 6:22
"I've Never Been in Love Before" (Frank Loesser) – 6:49
"My Ideal" (Leo Robin, Richard A. Whiting, Newell Chase) – 6:37
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
George Mraz – bass
Ben Riley – drums
References
Kenny Barron albums
2009 albums
Venus Records albums
Beaufort is a locality along the Augusta Highway in the Mid North region of South Australia. The town was surveyed in November 1878 and gazetted on 4 September 1879.
History
Indigenous
According to the Manning Index of South Australian History the "Nantuwwara [sic] tribe of some 25 to 30 once occupied the country from the River Wakefield, north to Whitwarta and west to Hummock Range", an area which would encompass the modern localities of Bowmans, Whitwarta, Goyder, Beaufort, Nantawarra and Mount Templeton. The term Nantuwara (or Nantuwaru) is considered to be a specific name for the northern hordes of the Kaurna people. Stone implements thought to have been used by the Nantuwara people were discovered at sites adjoining the banks of the lower reaches of the River Wakefield and added to a South Australian Museum collection curated by Harold Cooper in the 1960s.
1900s
The Beaufort had a school opened in 1917 and had 13 students in 1950 but has since closed.
In 1918 a Methodist Church was constructed in Beaufort. The church was closed and demolished in the early 1950s and rebuilt in 1953 to the south in Clovelly Park, one of Adelaide's new housing suburbs at the time.
References
Towns in South Australia
Paul Greig is currently General Manager for Raith Rovers Community Foundation . He formerly held roles with the Scottish FA as Performance Hub Head Coach & Coach Education Tutor as well as Heart of Midlothian Women Assistant Manager . In season 2016 & 2017 Greig held the role of Assistant Coach for Sky Blue FC in the National Women's Soccer League in the US. Greig has over 18years experience in management and football development with a career spanning across the globe having held roles in his native Scotland, New Zealand and the United States.
Early life
Greig graduated from Balwearie High School, Kirkcaldy in 2004 with 8 Standards Grades. He is qualified Coach Educator and children, youth and adult qualified football/soccer coach.
Honors and awards
Winner: ASB Women's League 2015, New Zealand;
Youngest Head Coach to win a National League title in New Zealand at the age of just 28 years old.
References
http://www.spartansfcwomen.com/interview-we-talk-to-new-spartans-swpl-head-coach-paul-greig/
Sky Blue Assistant Coach Profile
1987 births
Living people
NJ/NY Gotham FC non-playing staff
Scottish football managers
"Oleku" is a song by Nigerian rapper Ice Prince. It features vocals by Brymo and was released as the lead single from his debut studio album Everybody Loves Ice Prince (2011). "Oleku" received positive reviews and became one of the most remixed Nigerian songs of all time. It was also one of the most popular Nigerian songs of 2010, along with Naeto C's "Ten Over Ten" and D'banj's "Scapegoat". "Oleku" won The Hottest Single of the Year at the 2011 Nigeria Entertainment Awards. It won Song of the Year at the 2011 City People Entertainment Awards and was nominated for the same award at the 2010 Dynamix All Youth Awards. Ice Prince won Song of the Year and Best Rap Single for "Oleku" and was nominated for Next Rated, Lyricist on the Roll and Best Collaboration at The Headies 2011. The music video for "Oleku" won Most Gifted Newcomer Video at the 2011 Channel O Music Video Awards and was nominated for Best Contemporary Afro Video at the 2011 Nigeria Music Video Awards (NMVA).
Background and music video
During an interview with Tim Westwood on BBC Radio 1Xtra, Ice Prince said "Oleku" translates to hard or strong. He told Factory 78 TV he began writing the song's lyrics after receiving a beat from Sarz and that Jesse Jagz played different chords and created the instrumental after hearing him sing "she's feeling me boy yeah, she's feeling me boy". Moreover, he said he needed more melodies and reached out to Brymo. The song's entire instrumental was recorded under 30 minutes.
The accompanying music video for "Oleku" was released in 2011. It features cameo appearances from M.I, Jesse Jagz and Wizkid. Ice Prince also told Factory 78 TV that Chocolate City did not like the first cut submitted by the director. The label told the director to redo the video. An unauthorized release of the first cut surfaced on the internet prior to the official release.
Accolades
Covers
Since the official release of "Oleku" in 2010, numerous remixes and cover versions have been released. "Oleku" is one of Nigeria's most remixed songs of all time. It was covered by Kagwe Mungai, Vector, Mugeez of R2Bees, Victoria Kimani, Sarkodie and Yung6ix, among others.
References
2010 singles
Hip hop songs
Ice Prince songs
Song recordings produced by Jesse Jagz
Brymo songs
Yoruba-language songs
2010 songs
The mountain saw-wing (Psalidoprocne fuliginosa), also known as the mountain rough-winged swallow or the Cameroon Mountain rough-winged swallow is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae.
It is found on Bioko island and adjacent Mt. Cameroon. While it has been reported elsewhere in Central Africa (namely, the Cameroon line of Cameroon and Nigeria), it has never been confirmed.
References
mountain saw-wing
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
mountain saw-wing
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Remi Kanazi (born 1981) is a Palestinian-American performance poet, writer and organizer based in New York City. He is the editor of the anthology of hip hop, poetry and art, Poets for Palestine (2008), the author of two collections of poetry, Poetic Injustice: Writings on Resistance and Palestine (2011) and Before the Next Bomb Drops: Rising Up From Brooklyn to Palestine (2015). His political commentary has been featured by news outlets throughout the world, including the New York Times, Salon, Al Jazeera English, and BBC Radio. He has appeared in the Palestine Festival of Literature as well as Poetry International. He is a Lannan Residency Fellow and is on the advisory committee for the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel.
Life and work
Background
Kanazi is the son of Palestinian refugees who fled Palestine before the state of Israel was established in 1948.
Poetry
Inspired by underground hip hop, Def Poetry Jam on Broadway, and the work of artists like Suheir Hammad and Carlos Andres Gomez, Kanazi began writing spoken word.
Kanazi writes and performs political poetry addressing topics such as human rights, Palestine, Iraq, and islamophobia. Approaching his work from a humanist perspective, Kanazi says, "This isn't about me being a Palestinian or me being an Arab. It's about a system of oppression and what's being done to a people. So whether you're talking about police brutality or the US-Mexico border or Afghanistan or the war in Iraq or the plight of Palestinians, what they're going through and the injustice that's being perpetrated against them is what matters. And that's what we're working against – systems of oppression."
Kanazi is the editor of Poets for Palestine (Al Jisser Group, August 2008), a collection of hip hop, poetry and art featuring Palestinian poets such as Suheir Hammad, Nathalie Handal, Fady Joudah, Annemarie Jacir, Mahmoud Darwish, Naomi Shihab and Kanazi himself, as well as African American poets Patricia Smith and Amiri Baraka. In 2011, Kanazi came out with his first collection, Poetic Injustice: Writings on Resistance and Palestine, a volume of poetry including a CD; he has also been a writer in residence and an advisory board member for the Palestine Writing Workshop, teaching spoken word poetry to youngsters in Palestine. He has appeared on Al Jazeera English and BBC Radio and has toured North America, the UK, and the Middle East, with appearances at the Palestine Festival of Literature and at Poetry International. Kanazi is also on the organizing committee of the US Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel.
Reception
The commentator Chris Hedges has commented positively about Kanazi's poetry, saying, "There is more truth, and perhaps finally more news, in Remi Kanazi's poems than the pages of your daily newspaper." His poetry was similarly praised by the South African former minister Ronnie Kasrils, who considered it "a shining example of tomorrow's Palestine." The novelist and writer John Berger has described Kanazi as "a voice which refuses to be silenced".
ICC campaign
In 2016, when Kanazi was on a tour of campuses promoting his latest book Before the Next Bomb Drops: Rising Up From Brooklyn to Palestine, Israel on Campus Coalition (ICC) ran a covert campaign against him. ICC had professional setting up Facebook groups, pretending to be students. Both before Kanazi's meeting at John Jay College of Criminal Justice and San Jose State University such groups appeared.
Quotes
"Just because the house is beautiful doesn't mean the bones you built it on have fully decomposed."
"Every time I think of 9/11 / I see burning flesh / Dripping off the bones / Of Iraqi children in Fallujah."
"I don't want to coexist. I want to exist as a human being. And justice will take care of the rest."
Publications
Poets for Palestine (ed.), Al Jisser, 2008,
Poetic Injustice – Writings on Resistance and Palestine, RoR Publishing, 2011,
Before the Next Bomb Drops: Rising Up From Brooklyn to Palestine, 2015,
External links
Remi Kanazi's Facebook page
References
Living people
American male poets
21st-century Palestinian poets
Poets from New York (state)
Palestinian American
Hip hop people
1981 births
Palestinian male poets
21st-century American poets
21st-century American male writers
Chromówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Wilf Pearson was a professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s and 1940s. He played at club level for Featherstone Rovers (captain) (Heritage № 154).
Playing career
Pearson made his début for Featherstone Rovers on Saturday 2 October 1937.
County Cup Final appearances
Pearson played left-, i.e. number 11, in Featherstone Rovers' 12-9 victory over Wakefield Trinity in the 1939–40 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1939–40 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 22 June 1940.
Testimonial match
Pearson's benefit season at Featherstone Rovers took place during the 1940–41 season.
References
External links
Search for "Pearson" at rugbyleagueproject.org
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers captains
Featherstone Rovers players
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Rugby league second-rows
The Communist Party of South Ossetia (, Hussar Irystony Kommuniston parti; ; ) is a communist party in South Ossetia. The party was founded in 1993. As of 2004, the party claimed a membership of 1,500. The party seeks recognition of the Republic of South Ossetia, which is considered by most countries as part of Georgia
CPSO is led by Stanislav Kochiev, who is also chairman and speaker of the South Ossetian Parliament. Yulia Tekhova is the deputy secretary of the party.
The party is affiliated to the Union of Communist Parties-Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
History
In the March 1994 election, the party got 19 seats out of 36. Overall, the party obtained 47.2% of the popular vote
In the May 1999 election, the party gained only 12 deputies and 47.7% of the party list vote. This high result of the Communists, according to Ossetian experts, was influenced by the support of State Duma Deputy Anatoly Chekhoev, who arrived in Tskhinvali shortly before the elections.
In the South Ossetian presidential elections of November–December 2001, Kochiev collected 24% of the votes in the first round of the elections on November 18 and 40% in the second round on December 6, arriving second after Eduard Kokoity.
In the South Ossetian parliamentary elections of May 2004, the CPSO won 24.7% of the popular vote and 4 out of 34 seats.
In the 2006 presidential election, the party supported the incumbent Eduard Kokoity. However, the party declared that it didn't support all policies of the government.
General Secretary
Election results
Parliament
References
External links
Political parties established in 1993
Communist parties in Georgia (country)
Political parties in South Ossetia
1993 establishments in Georgia (country)
Toskabon (, also Romanized as Toskābon) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 580, in 129 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Ülle Rajasalu (born 6 May 1953) is an Estonian Politician. From 1999 to 2004 she was an Elder of the Pirita District, Tallinn. She became the governor of Harju County in 2009.
Sources
(Estonian)
1953 births
Living people
Estonian Reform Party politicians
Members of the Riigikogu, 2003–2007
Members of the Riigikogu, 2007–2011
Members of the Riigikogu, 2011–2015
Women members of the Riigikogu
University of Tartu alumni
20th-century Estonian politicians
21st-century Estonian politicians
is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a prop for Japanese club Suntory Sungoliath.
In his home country he plays for Suntory Sungoliath whom he joined in 2014. He was also named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season. Kakinaga is a Japanese international who debuted against in 2014, however he did not make the squad for the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
References
1991 births
Living people
Japanese rugby union players
Japan international rugby union players
Rugby union props
Tokyo Sungoliath players
Sunwolves players
Sportspeople from Fukuoka (city)
Oita Miyoshi Weisse Adler is a men's volleyball team based in Oita City, Oita, Japan. It plays in V.League 1, the top tier of the Japanese volleyball league. It represented Japan at the 2014 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship.
Weisse Adler means "white eagles" in German.
History
Franchise was founded in 1994 by Miyoshi internal medicin - cardiology hospital. Many players of the team work for its own medical practice.
Franchise was promoted to V.Premier League in 2006.
Franchise to be demoted for losing V.Challenge match in April 2009. Demotion takes place the following season.
Honours
V.Premier League
Champion (0):
Runners-up (0):
All Japan Volleyball Championship
Champions (0):
Runners-up (0):
Emperor's Cup
Champion (0):
League results
Champions Runners-up
Current squad
2021-2022 Squad as of 01 September - 2021
Head coach: Murray Pole
Notable players
Foreign Players
Marck Jesus Espejo (2018–2019)
Bryan Bagunas (2019–2022)
Kantapat Koonmee (2022–Present)
Enock Some (2022–Present)
Emerson Rodriguez (2021–2022)
Curtis Stockton (2020–2021)
References
External links
Japanese volleyball teams
Volleyball clubs established in 1994
Sports teams in Ōita Prefecture
Nickson Kolo is a Papua New Guinean professional rugby league footballer, a blockbusting forward who plays for the newly formed club Gulf Isapeas in the Digicel Cup in Papua New Guinea, He is a former Papua New Guinea international.
He has represented Papua New Guinea in the Prime Minister's XIII games between Australia and PNG between 2007 and 2010.
His trademark, blockbusting runs had earned him a place in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He played for PNG in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He has also played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament in New Zealand and Australia.
References
1985 births
Living people
Hagen Eagles players
Masta Mark Rangers players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Rugby league locks
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
The 1941 Paris–Tours was the 35th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 11 May 1941. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Paul Maye.
General classification
References
1941 in French sport
1941
May 1941 sports events
Hondryches avakubi is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by William Jacob Holland in 1920. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Moths described in 1920
Calpinae
Massimiliano Rosa (born 12 October 1970 in Venice) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
Honours
Juventus
Coppa Italia winner: 1989–90.
UEFA Cup winner: 1989–90 (he played in the 1990 UEFA Cup Final even though he did not play any Serie A games until the 1994–95 season).
External links
Career summary by playerhistory.com
1970 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Venezia F.C. players
Juventus F.C. players
Cagliari Calcio players
Calcio Padova players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
S.P.A.L. players
UEFA Cup winning players
Association football defenders
Business Overview
Kulthorn Kirby (Kulthorn Kirby Public Company Limited, ) is the manufacturer and distributor of motor compressor, reciprocating type for refrigeration products i.e. refrigerators, freezers, water coolers, commercial refrigerators, and air conditioners. The company produces motor compressor by his own technology under the international management systems. And also the company has continued to increase production capacity and develop new models to serve the market expansion and its requirement in ASEAN, China, Middle East, Australia, U.S. and Africa.
The reciprocating compressor can be used with many types of refrigerant with the sizes from 1/20 horsepower to 10 horsepower. The Company also produces Condensing Unit which is the component of refrigeration products, electrical motor parts, and other motor compressor parts.
The Company and other investors invested and established 6 new companies to produce major parts and raw materials of compressor to replace the import and local purchasing in order to reduce the production costs and to improve product quality, and aim to be the leader in the motor compressor business in ASEAN. And its subsidiaries are as follows.
Kulthorn Premier Company Limited
Kulthorn Kirby Foundry Company Limited
Kulthorn Steel Company Limited
Kulthorn Metal Products Company Limited
Kulthorn Materials & Controls Company Limited
Suzhou Kulthorn Magnet Wire Company Limited
History
1980 – Kulthorn started a joint venture with the Kirby Group of Australia (Lennox) to become the first manufacturer of reciprocating compressors in Thailand.
1987 – Kulthorn started a joint venture with Universal Magnetic (KU) to produce NEMA Frame Motors
1988 – Kulthorn started a joint venture to produce Rotary Compressors (Thaicom)
1989 – Kulthorn Kirby Foundry was established to produce iron casting (KKF)
1990 – Kulthorn started a joint venture with Hitachi Powdered to produce powdered metal components (KPM)
1990 – Kulthorn Material Company was established to produce copper magnet wire (KMC)
1991 – Kulthorn was listed on the stock exchange of Thailand (KKC)
2004 – Kulthorn acquired Sanyo Compressor factory (KPC)
2007 – Kulthorn Steel was established to produce steel (KSC)
2010 – Kulthorn Electric joined with Unada to develop a range of BLDC motors for the HVAC/R industry
2014 – 40 millionth compressors produced
2016 – Kulthorn Research & Development Center was established
2017 – 90 millionth compressors produced
2018 – 100 millionth compressors produced
2018 – Kulthorn Kirby acquired the intellectual property, brand name, technology and processes of US manufacturer Bristol Compressors International.
Management Team
Chairman of the Board : Mr. Sutee Simakulthorn
President : Mr. Titisak Simakulthorn
See also
Reciprocating compressor
Rotary Compressors
Kulthorn compressors
SET50 Index and SET100 Index
External links
References
Manufacturing companies based in Bangkok
Companies listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand
Thai brands
Santa Maria dei Miracoli (Saint Mary of the Miracles) is a Roman Catholic church located on via dei Miracoli and via dei Cordari, on the island of Ortigia, in the historic city center of Syracuse in Sicily, Italy.
Description
The church was built at the site of a prior church dedicated to St George, and the church is also sometimes referred to as San Giorgio ai Miracoli. The new dedication was adopted when icon of the Madonna, housed in the church, was said to have led to the cessation of a season of the plague in 1500–1501. The church was affiliated with the Confraternity dei SS. Martiri Crispino e Crispiniano, patron saints of the cobblers and furriers. The church was damaged by the 1693 Sicily earthquake and rebuilt in the following year. It is likely the Renaissance style main portal dates to prior to the earthquake, with a lunnette with a relief of the Madonna and child with Saints Roch and Sebastian. To the left of the entrance is an aedicula with a Madonna and Child by Giovanni della Robbia.
References
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Carassioides phongnhaensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Carassioides. It is found in Vietnam.
References
Carassioides
Cyprinid fish of Asia
Fish of Vietnam
Fish described in 2003
The Scottsdale Gun Club (SGC) is an indoor shooting range located in Scottsdale, Arizona, USA.
The facility is a large public indoor shooting range with 32 total lanes. The building's architect was Arrington Watkins of Phoenix, Arizona and the Club is recognized by the National Association of Shooting Ranges as a 'Five-Star Facility'. The building includes three eight lane public shooting bays, a tactical bay, and a tactical shoot house.
History
The Scottsdale Gun Club opened for business in May 2004. Conceived by Terry Schmidt, Nadine Little and Mark Hanish, the $8.2 million club was to be a full-service facility for military, law enforcement and private citizens alike.
Some amount of resistance by the community was met when the club was first proposed. As well, banks were reluctant to finance such a project. However, with the support of shooters and firearms enthusiasts, the City of Scottsdale finally approved the club in September 2001.
Facilities
Indoor shooting range
There are a total of 32 firing lanes, and targets can be set as far as from the shooter. For safety, each lane is separated from the adjacent lanes by bullet-resistant glass. The range's backstop can handle most calibers of rifle and handgun; anything that produces less than 8100 pound/feet of force. Each lane has an advanced system that controls that lane's respective target, increasing safety. This system is also more time-efficient because it removes the need to check or change targets by walking down range. The range utilizes 180 air filters to keep the air fresh and clean by immediately moving gasses away from shooters.
Gunsmithing Department
Scottsdale Gun Club has a fully staffed gunsmith department that can repair or modify most makes and models. Turn around time varies depending on the services you would like performed and the level of volume.
Titanium Lounge
SGC offers different membership levels, and the highest level (Titanium) provides access to the Titanium Lounge. It has eight shooting lanes open only to Titanium Members, as well as a private attendant and a lounge area that recalls the decor of an exclusive English hunting club, complete with a pool table, big screen TV, comfortable couches, high back chairs, and a conference table. It is designed to provide a relaxing area for members while they break from shooting and a comfortable space for their guests.
References
External links
Official site
Online Store
Official Blog
Sports clubs in the United States
Sports in Scottsdale, Arizona
Shooting ranges in the United States
Umberto Orlando Klinker is a former Surinamese football player who played the majority of his career for S.V. Robinhood in the SVB Hoofdklasse and for the Suriname national team. Klinker helped Robinhood to win several national championships in the eighties and finished as the league top scorer in 1982 and 1983.
Career
Klinker began his football career playing for Lions'71 in the SVB Eerste Klasse, the second tier of football in Suriname. In 1978, he was recruited and joined the youth ranks of S.V. Robinhood, joining the first team a year later. He made his first appearance for the first team in 1979 in a match against S.V. Leo Victor which ended in a 7–0 win at the National Stadion. He won the national championship a total of 12 times during the span of his career before retiring as a player in 1995. He also finished as the league top scorer in both 1982 and 1983. He would help Robinhood to consecutive CONCACAF Champions' Cup finals, finishing as runners-up to UNAM from Mexico, losing 3–2 on aggregate score in 1983 scoring once in the final; and again against C.F. Atlante from Mexico losing 6–1 on aggregate score a year later. In 1994 and 1995 he helped Robinhood to win the Suriname President's Cup twice.
International career
Klinker was a regular in the youth teams of the Suriname national team, before making his debut for the first team on 12 October 1980 in a 4–0 win against Guyana in the countries 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign. He scored his first goal on 29 August 1984 against Guyana in a 1–1 draw at the Bourda in Georgetown, Guyana. On 30 June 1985 he scored once more in a 2–2 draw against Guadeloupe in the 1985 CFU Championship.
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Suriname' goal tally first.
Honours
Club
S.V. Robinhood
SVB Hoofdklasse (12): 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1993, 1995
Suriname President's Cup (2): 1994, 1995
CONCACAF Champions' Cup Runner-up (2): 1982, 1983
Individual
SVB Hoofdklasse Top Goalscorer (2): 1982, 1983
References
Living people
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Surinamese footballers
Suriname international footballers
S.V. Robinhood players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Association football forwards
Arthur Samuel Atkinson (20 October 1833 – 10 December 1902) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from the Taranaki Region, New Zealand.
Biography
He represented the Omata electorate from the to 1867, when he resigned.
He had not been elected for in the
He was a brother of Premier Harry Atkinson, and part of the Richmond–Atkinson family. He married Jane Maria Richmond in 1854.
He later moved to Nelson, and became a lawyer. He studied Māori people, languages and natural sciences. He died at Fairfield, the house that he had built in 1872.
References
1833 births
1902 deaths
New Zealand MPs for North Island electorates
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Atkinson–Hursthouse–Richmond family
19th-century New Zealand politicians
19th-century New Zealand lawyers
New Zealand naturalists
Radolfshausen is a Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 15 km east of Göttingen. Its seat is in the village Ebergötzen.
The Samtgemeinde Radolfshausen consists of the following municipalities:
Ebergötzen
Landolfshausen
Seeburg
Seulingen
Waake
Samtgemeinden in Lower Saxony
Jaideva Singh (19 September 1893 in Shoratgarh, Uttar Pradesh – 27 May 1986 in Banaras) was an Indian musicologist and philosopher. He played a key role in the development of All India Radio where he was a chief producer. He was influenced by the Indian musicologist Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande.
Singh was a scholar in the Kashmir Saivism school of Indian philosophy, a subject he studied for many years with Swami Lakshman Joo in Kashmir. He prepared and published first-ever English and Hindi translations of a number of Shaivite scriptures. Singh was appointed as the Chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Akademi in 1973. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1974 for his contribution to music.
Selected works
Introduction to Madhyamaka Philosophy, Bharatiya Vidya Prakashan, Varanasi, 1968.
Pratyabhijnahrdayam: The Secret of Self-Recognition, by Kṣemarāja, translation, Motilal Banarsidass, Delhi, 1977.
Vijnanabhairava or Divine Consciousness: A Treasury of 112 Types of Yoga, translation, Motilal Banarsidass, Delhi, 1979.
Siva Sutras: The Yoga of Supreme Identity, by Vasugupta, translation, Motilal Banarsidass, Delhi, 1979.
Spanda-Karikas: The Divine Creative Pulsation, by Vasugupta, translation, Motilal Banarsidass, Delhi, 1980.
Para-trisika-Vivarana by Abhinavagupta: The Secret of Tantric Mysticism, by Abhinavagupta, translation, Motilal Banarsidass, Delhi, 1988.
Los Shiva Sutras: El yoga del reconocimiento de la identidad con el Ser supremo, by Vasugupta, translation into Spanish, Fundación Genesian, Sevilla, 2000.
Pratyabhijñahridayam. El secreto del autorreconocimiento, by Kṣemarāja, translation into Spanish, Ediciones Maha Yoga, Buenos Aires, 2013.
Notes
References
External links
In memoriam, The Hindu, 13 May 2011, Gautam Chatterjee
Indian musicologists
20th-century Indian philosophers
1893 births
1986 deaths
Hindustani musicians
All India Radio people
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in science & engineering
20th-century musicologists
Goli Dagh (, also Romanized as Golīdāgh and Golī Dāgh; also known as Shahrak-e Golīdāgh) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,623, in 343 families.
References
Populated places in Maraveh Tappeh County
Fort Edward station (also known as the Fort Edward–Glens Falls) is an intercity train station in Fort Edward, New York. It was originally built as a Delaware and Hudson Railroad depot in 1900, as a replacement for two earlier stations. The first was built in 1840 but was later converted into a store in 1880, the same year it was replaced with a second depot on the existing site. The third and current station has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since December 13, 2000. The station serves both Fort Edward and nearby Glens Falls. It has one low-level side platform to the west of the single track of the Canadian Pacific Railway Canadian Subdivision.
The station is served by Amtrak's daily Adirondack and Ethan Allen Express. The station also is a stop on the Greater Glens Falls Transit's Hudson Falls/Fort Edward line (Route 4) providing bus service to Glens Falls and surrounding communities Monday through Saturdays, as well as seasonal "train-catcher" service to Lake George, New York.
In March 2020, all Amtrak service at the station was suspended indefinitely, with trains being truncated to Albany–Rensselaer station as part of a round of service reductions in response to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. Ethan Allen Express service between New York City and Rutland, Vermont resumed on July 19, 2021, however the Adirondack service between New York City and Montreal has yet to resume daily operations.
, the station is occupied by Evergreen Bicycle Works.
References
External links
Fort Edward, NY (FED) (Amtrak's Great American Stations)
Edward Fort Edward Depot (Bridge Line Historical Society)
Ford Edward Station (Great Railroad Stations Index)
Amtrak stations in New York (state)
Former Delaware and Hudson Railway stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1900
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Transportation buildings and structures in Washington County, New York
Transportation in Capital District (New York)
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, New York
Sam L. Orlich is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Biography
Orlich was born on February 18, 1939 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He graduated from South Division High School before attending Milwaukee Area Technical College and the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. Orlich is married with two children.
Career
Orlich was elected to the Assembly in 1966. He is a Democrat.
References
Politicians from Milwaukee
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Democrats
Milwaukee Area Technical College alumni
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee alumni
1939 births
Living people
South Division High School alumni
The leopard (Panthera pardus) is one of the five "big cats" in the genus Panthera.
Leopard may also refer to:
Biology
Amur leopard (Panthera pardus orientalis), related species of Northeast Asia
Snow leopard or ounce (Panthera uncia), related species of Central Asia
Clouded leopard (Neofelis nebulosa), related species of South/Southeast Asia
Sunda clouded leopard (Neofelis diardi), related species of Sumatra and Borneo
Leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis), wildcat species of Southeast Asia
Leopard (pattern), the spotting pattern characteristic of Leopards
Leopard complex, the genetic allele responsible for leopard-spotting in horses
LEOPARD syndrome, a rare autosomal dominant multisystem disease, associated with high numbers of surface skin lesions
Military
VK 16.02 Leopard, a German light tank design during World War II that did not see production.
Leopard 1, a German main battle tank (1965-)
Leopard 2, a third-generation German main battle tank (1979-), used by the armed forces of Germany and several other countries
Leopard 2E or Leopardo 2A6E, a Spanish variant of the German Leopard 2 tank.
Leopard (rocket), a British rocket
HMS Leopard, several Royal Navy ships
French destroyer Léopard, a warship of World War II
SMS Leopard, an Austro-Hungarian torpedo cruiser
Transportation
South Devon Railway Leopard class, a South Devon Railway 4-4-0ST steam locomotive, and the class of similar locomotives
Leopard 6 Litre Roadster, luxury car designed by Polish designer for Sweden-based company
Nissan Leopard, Japanese luxury sports car
Leyland Leopard, a bus
SS Leopard, one of the blockade runners of the American Civil War
CMC Leopard, a defunct British light personal business jet developed in the 1980s as two prototypes
Computing
Mac OS X Leopard, the sixth major release of Apple's Mac OS X operating system
DR-DOS, code-name "Leopard" of Digital Research's DR DOS 5.0
Other uses
Leopard (heraldry), a heraldic beast
Leopard-Trek, the former name of a UCI WorldTour cycling team, now known as Trek Factory Racing
Leopard Development Team, a UCI Continental cycling team
Half Florin or Leopard, English coin of Edward III
Leopard, a locally monthly magazine based in Aberdeen, Scotland
See also
Leopardus, a genus of small spotted cats
Leopards (disambiguation)
Leopardi (disambiguation)
The Leopard (disambiguation)
The Leopard (1963 film), by Luchino Visconti
Animal common name disambiguation pages
The Moroto Ateker Cement Company Limited (MACCL) is a manufacturer of cement in Uganda.
Location
The main factory and headquarters of the company are located in Moroto Industrial Park in Moroto Town, approximately , north-east of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.
Ownership
Moroto Ateker Cement Company Limited is a joint venture company between Savannah Mines Limited, a private company, and Uganda Development Corporation, a government parastatal. The shareholding in the shares of stock of the company, is as depicted in the table below.
Construction
Saboo Technologies Limited of India carried out a feasibility study, to establish the costs, raw materials, and project longevity of production. According to their findings, the project is expected to cost US$225 million (Shs765 billion). Of this, about US$200 million (Shs680 billion) will be spent on plant and machinery and the remaining US$25 million (Shs85 billion), will be spent on operational expenses. The project will be developed in two phases.
UDC and Savannah Mines are looking towards awarding the construction contract to Saboo Technologies, based on Saboo's experience in building cement plants in Ethiopia and Djibouti. The project is awaiting approval from the Ugandan cabinet and from Uganda's parliament.
See also
List of cement manufacturers in Uganda
List of companies and cities in Africa that manufacture cement
References
External links
Ugandan government to build cement plant in Karamoja
Cement industry in huge leaps as public projects push up demand As 21 December 2016.
Manufacturing companies established in 2016
2016 establishments in Uganda
Moroto District
Economy of Uganda
Northern Region, Uganda
Cement companies of Uganda
Sir Richard la Touche Colthurst, 9th Baronet (14 August 1928 – 22 March 2003) succeeded as 9th Colthurst Baronetcy in February 1955 following the death of his father Sir Richard St John Jefferyes Colthurst, 8th Baronet.
Family dispute
In 1999, a series of family disputes ended up in the courts. These included rights of way, issues concerning two shops at Blarney Castle and the ownership of the furniture in Blarney Castle where Sir Richard lived. Despite earlier reaching an agreement with his parents that they owned the furniture in July 1999, their son Sir Charles St John Colthurst, 10th Baronet requested that a Rescission of this agreement.
On his death he left an estate valued at £232,305 net.
References
1928 births
2003 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of Ireland
Henry A. Sojor' is the former president (first university president) of Negros Oriental State University (formerly Central Visayas Polytechnic College - CVPC) Main Campuses I & II, Dumaguete City; Pamplona Farm; Bais City Campuses I & II; Guihulngan City; Mabinay Campus Siaton Campus; Sta. Catalina-Bayawan Campus;
Former OIC president, Jose Rizal Memorial State University (former JRMSC) The State University in Zamboanga del Norte.
First graduate, Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Silliman University, (1977); Fellow, International Advisory Council, Royal Institute of Education, Singapore.
References
Presidents of universities and colleges in the Philippines
Silliman University alumni
The 2021–22 season was the 130th season in the existence of Club Brugge KV and the club's 62nd consecutive season in the top flight of Belgian football. In addition to the domestic league, Club Brugge participated in this season's editions of the Belgian Cup, the Belgian Super Cup, and the UEFA Champions League.
On 17 July 2021, Club Brugge won their first trophy of the season, defeating Genk in the 2021 Belgian Super Cup.
On 15 May 2022, Club Brugge secured their 18th title in their history and the third one in a row with a 3–1 win in Antwerp.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
First Division A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 8 June 2021.
Play-Off I
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Belgian Cup
Belgian Super Cup
UEFA Champions League
Group stage
The draw for the group stage was held on 26 August 2021.
Statistics
Squad appearances and goals
Last updated on 22 May 2022
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Players who have made an appearance this season but have left the club
|}
Goal scorers
Clean sheets
References
Club Brugge KV seasons
Club Brugge
Club Brugge
Belgian football championship-winning seasons
Aleksey Ivanovich Kuznetsov (; 15 August 1929 – 28 March 2003) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the 1950s and 1960s, training in Gorodets at VSS Urozhai. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley. He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Nordic skiing World Championships with a silver in 1954 and a bronze 1962.
Notes
External links
Sports Illustrated medal profile (As Aleksei Kuznetsov)
World Championship results
1929 births
2003 deaths
Olympic cross-country skiers of the Soviet Union
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Soviet male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Raisa Katyukova-Smekhnova (; born September 16, 1950 in Kaltan, Kemerovo) is a retired long-distance runner from the Soviet Union, who won the bronze medal at the 1983 World Championships in Helsinki, Finland, behind Norway's Grete Waitz and USA's Marianne Dickerson. She won the Soviet title in the women's marathon in 1985.
Achievements
References
sports-reference
1950 births
Living people
Belarusian female long-distance runners
Soviet female long-distance runners
Russian female long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing (living people)
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships athletes for the Soviet Union
Friendship Games medalists in athletics
People from Kaltan
Sportspeople from Kemerovo Oblast
Richard Cahill was an English professional footballer. An outside right, he played in the Football League for just one club, Blackpool. He played 21 League games for the club during the 1911–12 campaign.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Footballers from Newcastle upon Tyne
English footballers
Blackpool F.C. players
Association football outside forwards
The Permanent Forest Contract (in German Dauerwaldvertrag, also Dauerwaldkaufvertrag or Jahrhundertvertrag) refers to an agreement from 27 March 1915 for the communal Association of Greater Berlin (German: Zweckverband Groß-Berlin) to buy areas of forest from the state of Prussia. The modern city of Berlin developed out of the association five years later and became its legal successor in the contract. This contract created the conditions for "Berlin to be provided with – compared to other major cities – uniquely extensive areas of forest."
Purchase and price
The Association of Greater Berlin bought large areas of woods belonging to the Prussian state – in total around 10,000 hectares – from the local forestry authorities in Grunewald, Tegel, Grünau, Köpenick, which at this time were not yet part of Berlin, as well as that in Potsdam. The Association committed itself to not building on or reselling the areas of forest which it had bought, but instead to maintain them permanently as local recreation areas for the populace. Some of the areas of forest acquired, such as the Parforceheide, lay then and still lie outside the city boundary in Brandenburg and have been managed since reunification by the forestry authorities in Berlin.
The Association of Greater Berlin (1911–1920), whose members included the town borough of Berlin and independent town boroughs, rural municipalities and agricultural estates such as Charlottenburg, Schöneberg, Steglitz, Köpenick or Reinickendorf, had as early as 1912 made a request to the government regarding the acquisition of forests and were in turn offered 11,200 hectares of forest for 179 million German gold marks.
The Association objected with the argument that this price could not be applied to remote parts of a forest. The last German Kaiser, Wilhelm II, who ultimately had to agree to any sale of state forestries, intervened in the protracted negotiations. Of the final purchase price of 50 million German gold marks for 10,000 hectares, the Association was to pay 5 million immediately and the remainder in 15 annual payments, each of 3 million. The Association regarded this as a success since they had been able to reduce the original price demanded by the government from 1.60 to 0.50 gold marks per square metre.
Obligation
In an article on Forestry Ownership in Berlin through the Ages (German: Berliner Waldbesitz im Wandel der Zeiten) the forestry advisor Martin Klees summarised the main content of the contract as follows:
"The contract, which despite the first World War having broken out, was finalised on 27.3.1915, obliged the Zweckverband Groß-Berlin to use the pieces of land purchased solely for the [acquisition and upkeep of large areas such as woods, parks, meadow and lakes etc. and to keep these free from development] and to preserve them as wooded areas. Profits made from any liquidation were to be used for the acquisition of replacement areas."
Motivation
Health policy reasons
A significant reason for the foresighted forestry policy was worry regarding the endangered well-being of the populace. Since the second half of the 19th century, the demands placed on the usage of forests had shifted from the lumbar production to the provision of a recreational resource. As early as January 1893 the government of Berlin petitioned the minister with the goal of "… bringing large areas into communal ownership … for reasons of public hygiene, in order to thus ensure opportunities for recreation and revitalisation, both outdoors and in the woods, for the growing population of the imperial capital." In an article in the almanach "Groß-Berliner Kalender 1913" Richard van der Borght advocated the establishment of a "belt of woods" around the city and emphasised the importance of the forest: "... for the temperature of the air and soil, the amount and distribution of precipitation, for water storage and the formation of springs, for the retention of weathered soil, for protection against wind, sand drifts and landslides etc., but also and in particular for its value for the health and for the inner lives and emotional state of the people."
Water supply, deforestation
As van der Borght implies, a further significant reason for the conclusion of the Permanent Forestry Contract lay in the need to ensure the water supply for the rapidly growing population of Berlin (a fourfold increase between the Proclamation of the German Empire in 1871 and 1910 from around 900,000 to over 3,700,000). The forest areas acquired included many lakes with very good water quality, such as Schlachtensee or Krumme Lanke – lakes which today are understood to be part of Berlin, but at that time lay far outside the city limits. To improve water retention in the soil, a change in forestry policies was planned which envisioned more natural mixed woods, those existing at the end of the 19th century mainly comprising pine monoculture.
Furthermore, Berlin and its surroundings, which when they fused in 1920 encompassed a combined population of 3.8 million, had problems managing the enormous amounts of wastewater produced by households, breweries, tanneries, dyeing and other factories. With regards to a long-term solution of this problem, in particular via the use of sceptic drain fields, large areas of land were needed.
Land speculation - first environmental movement
A further aim was to reduce the expanding land speculation which was prevalent at this time and lead to the destruction of forests. From 1850, but above all during the rapid industrialisation of the early period of the German Empire, areas belonging to the one-time villages (such as Schöneberg, Steglitz, Hermsdorf, Pankow, Lichtenberg …), which had previously been used as fields or woods had, apart from a few remnants, been bought up. The larger forests remained intact for longer, since these had to be bought from the Prussian king and not from individual farmers, some of whom were able to earn fortunes (the so-called "Millonare Farmers of Schöneberg"). Especially desirable were the plots in Grunewald.
In what can be viewed as an expression of an early German environmental movement, two Berlin newspapers initiated a petition in 1904 to protest against the destruction of Grunewald and collected around 30,000 signatures.
The speculation continued nevertheless and both the state (together with the neighbouring Dahlem Manor) and private forest owners participated. In 1909 speculation with wooded areas in and around Berlin reached around 1,800 hectares. The "Second Berlin Forestry Protection Conference" (German: der „Zweite Berliner Waldschutztag“), which took place on 16th January 1909, spoke out vehemently against the reckless speculation and destruction of the forests.
According to the forestry advisor Martin Klees "the concern of the population [...] expressed itself once more in a special edition of a newspaper in Groß-Lichterfelder with the title: 'Grunewald is doomed' (German: ‚Der Grunewald ist dem Verderben geweiht‘)".
In 1913, two years before the finalisation of the Permanent Forestry Contract, Hermann Kötschke complained in his article "Forestry Protection for Greater Berlin (German:„Waldschutz für Groß-Berlin“): „It is particularly unfortunate that, for example »Prinz Friedrich Leopold«, who owns the enormous Düppel-Dreilinden forest, wishes to turn this magnificent property into money. The glorious lakeshores of Kleiner Wannsee, Stolper See and Griebnitzsee have already become for the most part inaccessible. Only a few rods (unit of length) have been saved for the Kleist monument. Normally one says noblesse oblige."
As the history of the Association and the finalisation of the Permanent Forestry Contract show, the Prussian state ultimately had to bow to the pressure of the arguments and protests.
Consequences of the Permanent Forest Contract today
Through the purchases of the Association, smaller ones made in parallel by the city of Berlin, and other acquisitions, after it was founded in 1920 Greater Berlin owned in total 21,500 hectares of forest, and by the beginning of World War II this area had grown to around 25,000 hectares. After the Separation of Germany and the founding of the GDR in 1949 around 7,300 hectares remained in West-Berlin. After reunification of the two separated parts of the city and the return of wooded areas in the surroundings via the Treuhand in 1995 (9,500 hectares), Berlin, which has a total area of 89,207 hectares, today possesses over 15,774 hectares of forest, which thus comprise 18.1% of the total. Thanks to the Permanent Forestry Contract of 1915, which still exists essentially unchanged as parts of multiple laws and regulations, Berlin is, around a century after its finalisation of the contract, the European metropole with the largest area of forest.
In the "State Forestry Law" (German: „Landeswaldgesetz“), which was passed by the Senate of West Berlin on 30 January 1979 and which since 1990 has applied to the whole of Berlin, the historic contract to safeguard the forest took on its final legal form. The entire forested area of Berlin was declared to be a protected recreational forest. The purpose is described in § 1 in more modern language, but the contents could have originated from 1920s:
"… because of its importance for the environment, in particular for its continuous service capability for the ecological balance, the climate, the water supply, the reduction of air pollution, soil moisture, the natural scenery, as well as the revitalisation of the populace, the forest is to be maintained, if possible expanded and its care ensured for the future."
External links
Senatsverwaltung für Stadtentwicklung, Forsten
Groß-Berlin-Gesetz vom 27. April 1920
References
General references
Reiner Cornelius: Geschichte der Waldentwicklung. 1. Auflage. Hrsg. von der Senatsverwaltung für Stadtentwicklung und Umweltschutz Berlin. Monitoringprogramm Naturhaushalt. H. 3. Kulturbuchverlag, Berlin 1995.
Michael Erbe: Berlin im Kaiserreich (1871–1918). In: Wolfgang Ribbe (Hrsg.): Geschichte Berlins. Band 2. C.H.Beck, München 1987. ISBN 3-406-31591-7 (Zitat in der Einleitung, S. 750, Gesamtpassage: „Immerhin ist es ein bleibendes Verdienst des Zweckverbandes, daß Berlin – verglichen mit anderen Millionenstädten – über Waldflächen von einzigartiger Ausdehnung verfügt.“)
Hainer Weißpflug: Das Landeswaldgesetz wird erlassen. In: Berlinische Monatsschrift (Luisenstädtischer Bildungsverein). Heft 1, 1999, ISSN 0944-5560, S. 47–49 (luise-berlin.de). (Zitat § 1 Landeswaldgesetz, S. 47; Quelle zu „waldreichste Stadt Europas“, S. 49)
Dr. Angela von Lührte: 100 Jahre Berliner Dauerwaldvertrag BUND Berlin 03/2015. https://www.denkmalpflege.tu-berlin.de/fileadmin/fg265/Projekte/Dauerwaldvertrag_2010.pdf
1915 in politics
20th-century treaties
Forestry
Berlin
The 2010–11 Austrian Cup () was the 77th season of Austria's nationwide football cup competition. It commenced with the matches of the Preliminary Round in July 2010 and concluded with the Final on 29 May 2011. The winners of the competition qualified for the third qualifying round of the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League.
Preliminary round
The Preliminary Round involved 68 amateur clubs from all regional federations, divided into smaller groups according to the Austrian federal states. The draw for this round was conducted in Vienna on 7 July 2010. After the draw, SV Bad Aussee had to withdraw from the competition after going into administration, earning their opponents USV Allerheiligen a walkover. The remaining thirty-three matches were played between mid-July and 1 August 2009, with the winners of these matches advancing to the First Round.
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|}
First round
The draw for this round was conducted on 3 August 2010. The draw involved the 34 winners of the Preliminary Round, the 20 professional teams from the 2010–11 Bundesliga and First League, SC-ESV Parndorf 1919 as losing team of the 2009–10 Regionalliga promotion play-offs and nine regional cup winners. The matches of this round were played between 12 and 17 August 2010.
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|}
Second round
The draw for this round was conducted on 18 August 2010. The draw involved the 32 winners of the First Round. The matches of this round were played on 16–18 September 2010.
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|}
Third round
The 16 winners from the previous round competed in this stage of the competition.
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|-
|colspan="3" style="background-color:#fcc;"|
|}
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
See also
2010–11 Bundesliga
2010–11 First League
External links
Official website
Austriasoccer.at page
References
Austrian Cup seasons
Cup
Austrian Cup
Frank Ramsay McNinch (April 27, 1873 – April 2, 1950) was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. He was a political figure who served as the mayor of Charlotte, as chairman of the Federal Power Commission, and as chairman of the Federal Communications Commission. In the 1928 presidential election, McNinch, a Democrat, supported Republican Herbert Hoover for president. After he was elected, Hoover appointed McNinch to a seat on the Federal Power Commission, leading to a split in the North Carolina Democratic Party that damaged the political fortunes of new U.S. Sen. Cameron Morrison, a friend of McNinch. He was later appointed FPC chairman by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
The controversial 1938 Orson Welles War of the World's radio broadcast occurred during his tenure as FCC head. McNinch resigned as FCC chairman on July 25, 1939, due to ill health.
His home, the Frank Ramsay McNinch House, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
References
Further reading
External links
Charlotte-Mecklenburg website biography
Time magazine
Chairmen of the FPC and FERC
Radio's War of the Worlds Broadcast
Frank McNinch Papers: J. Murrey Atkins Library, UNC Charlotte
1873 births
1950 deaths
Chairmen of the Federal Communications Commission
Federal Power Commission
Mayors of Charlotte, North Carolina
North Carolina Democrats
Franklin D. Roosevelt administration personnel
Hoover administration personnel
Don Manuel Rodriguez de Albuerne y Pérez de Tagle, 5th Marquis of Altamira (1733–1791) was a Spanish-Mexican aristocrat. He was a member of the House of Tagle, one of Spain and Mexico's most important and influential noble family during the 16th to the 19th century.
Early life
He was born on April 5, 1733 in Guadalajara, New Spain and was baptized on 12 April 1733. Don Manuel was the son of Don Juan Rodríguez de Albuerne and Doña Luisa Pérez de Tagle, 4th Marchioness of Altamira.
Don Manuel inherited the Hacienda Cuisillos after a period of administration by his brother-in-law and legal guardian Domingo Trespalacios Escandón, a judge in the Audiencia of Mexico and a member of the Council of Indies.
Family
He married Doña María de la Paz Girón Moctezuma, a direct descendant of Emperor Moctezuma II, and a member of the family of the Duke of Moctezuma de Tultengo on April 21, 1771 in Madrid, Spain.
Together they had three children:
Doña María de la Paz Rodríguez Albuerne y Girón who married her second cousin José María Trespalacios Rodríguez de Albuerne, son of Domingo Trespalacios Escandón and Cecilia Rodríguez de Albuerne y Pérez de Tagle
Doña Luisa Rodríguez Albuerne y Girón who married Manuel José Álvarez de Abreú
Don Manuel Rodríguez Albuerne y Girón
Don Manuel and his wife were also the fourth cousins of Empress Ana Maria of Mexico as Don Manuel's and Empress Ana Maria's great great great grandfathers, Don Luis Sánchez de Tagle, 1st Marquis of Altamira and Don Pedro Sánchez de Tagle were brothers.
He is also the great grandfather of Carlos O'Donnell, 2nd Duke of Tetuan and Grandee of Spain through his daughter Doña Luisa.
The title of Marquis of Altamira has since been passed on to the descendants of his great grandson. The current holder of the title is Don Carlos O'Donnell, 15th Marquis of Altamira and Grandee of Spain
References
Tagle. Enigma de un nombre, Historia de un pueblo. Author: José Luis Sáiz Fernández
Nobleza Colonial de Chile. Author: J. Mujica
Diccionario Heráldico y Genealógico de Apellidos Españoles. Author: Alberto y Arturo García Garrafa
Nobiliario de los reinos y Señorios de España. Author: Francisco Piferrer
La Sociedad Chilena del siglo XVIII, Mayorazgos y Títulos de Castilla. Author: Domingo Amunátegui Solar
Patrons, Partisans, and Palace intrigues: the court society of Colonial Mexico. Author: Christoph Rosenmüller
Hacienda and market in eighteenth-century Mexico: Second Edition, The Rural Economy of the Guadalajara. Author: Eric Van Young and John H. Coatsworth
External links
http://gw5.geneanet.org/index.php3?b=sanchiz&lang=es;p=luisa;n=perez+de+tagle+sanchez+de+tagle
http://gw1.geneanet.org/index.php3?b=fracarbo&lang=en;p=jose+bernardo;n=de+tagle+bracho+y+perez+de+la+riva
https://web.archive.org/web/20090220114504/http://per-can.com/CarpD/deTagle/deTagle.htm#Biografia
http://www.ianchadwick.com/tequila/16-17th%20centuries.htm
Marquesses of Altamira
1733 births
1791 deaths
Samira Nawa Amini (born 30 March 1988 in Aalborg) is a Danish politician, who is a member of the Folketing for the Social Liberal Party. She was elected into parliament at the 2019 Danish general election.
Background
Amini's parents are from Afghanistan, and fled to Denmark to escape the war in 1986. She and her family lived in Pakistan for a time. Amini is married and has two children.
Education
Amini was a student of economics at the University of Copenhagen from 2007-2014. She graduated with a Master of Science in Economics (Cand. Polit.) in 2014.
Political career
Amini first ran for parliament in the 2015 Danish general election where she received 1,790 personal votes. This was not enough for a seat in parliament, although she was elected as a substitute member. She was not called upon during the 2015-2019 term though. In the 2019 election she received 4,657 votes, securing her a seat in the Folketing.
External links
Biography on the website of the Danish Parliament (Folketinget)
References
Living people
1988 births
People from Aalborg
21st-century Danish women politicians
Women members of the Folketing
Danish Social Liberal Party politicians
Members of the Folketing 2019–2023
Rauhenebrach is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Haßberge (district)
The 1990 Monte Carlo Open, also known by its sponsored name Volvo Monte Carlo Open, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 84th edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Championship Series, Single-Week of the 1990 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, 23 April until 29 April 1990. The men's field was headlined by Stefan Edberg and Boris Becker. Andrei Chesnokov, who was seeded 12th, won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Andrei Chesnokov defeated Thomas Muster 7–5, 6–3, 6–3
It was Chesnokov's 1st singles title of the year and his 5th overall. It was his 1st Masters title.
Doubles
Petr Korda / Tomáš Šmíd defeated Andrés Gómez / Javier Sánchez 6–4, 7–6
References
External links
ATP tournament profile
ITF tournament edition details
Monte-Carlo Masters
1990 in Monégasque sport
Monte
Dmytro Vasylovych Kukharchuk is a Ukrainian politician, member of the Supreme Council of the political party National Corps, political prisoner in the so-called case of Cherkasy veterans and commander of the second battalion of the Azov Special Operation Forces, Kyiv regiment.
Biography
He was born June 4, 1990, in Vinnytsia. He graduated from Cherkasy National University, received a bachelor's degree in philosophy. He later worked as a freelance journalist. At the turn of the 2000s and 2010s, he actively participated in the activities of the Ultras movement in Cherkasy.
Active participant Revolution of Dignity, took part in the storming of the Cherkasy Regional State Administration and 2014 Hrushevskoho Street riots in Kyiv.
In the spring of 2014 he became a volunteer Azov Battalion. He took part in fighting in eastern Ukraine, in particular in Battle of Marinka, Battle of Ilovaisk and Shyrokyne standoff.
Political activity
Since 2016 he has been a member of the Supreme Council of the political party National Corps, heads the Cherkasy regional branch of the party. He worked as an assistant on a voluntary basis for the deputy Andriy Biletsky.
In January 2018, he organized the blocking of the rostrum at the session Cherkasy City Council, which 4 times in a row could not approve the budget. As a result of the blockade, there was a significant media resonance and the budget was approved.
In 2019, he ran for 9th Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada as a self-nominated candidate and member of the National Corps party in the Electoral District 194 constituency.
In March 2019, he took part in the actions of the National Corps against President Petro Poroshenko (also known as the "campaign against pig farmers"). He was the organizer and direct participant in the blockade of the presidential motorcade in Cherkasy. Kukharchuk was detained during the rally.
On September 25, 2020, the TEC was registered as a candidate for Cherkasy mayor from the National Corps party. He took the third place.
Political imprisonment
On August 14, 2021, he took part in a protest National Corps on Bankova Street, during which clashes with National Police of Ukraine took place. A criminal case (the so-called "Cherkasy Veterans Case") was opened against the most active participants in those events (including Dmytro Kukharchuk).
On August 30, 2021, Pechersk District Court of Kyiv remanded in custody (without bail) as a precautionary measure for Dmytro Kukharchuk and Oleg Dovbysh (also a veteran Azov Regiment, leader of the Cherkasy movement Ultras).
Shortly before that, Dmytro Kukharchuk publicly cut his arm veins near the Pechersk Police Department in protest of the "persecution of veterans."
The National Corps calls the detention of "Cherkasy veterans" political repression against their political force.
In September 2021, while in pre-trial detention, he became a candidate for People's Deputies in 197 constituencies in Cherkasy region.
References
1990 births
Living people
Ukrainian nationalists
Ukrainian anti-communists
Ukrainian military leaders
Pro-Ukrainian people of the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine
People of the National Guard of Ukraine
Ukrainian military personnel of the war in Donbas
Ukrainian military personnel of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Cole Walliser is a Canadian filmmaker and music video director. He has directed videos for Miley Cyrus, P!nk, and Katy Perry.
Life and career
Cole Walliser was born in Steveston, British Columbia and grew up in Vancouver. He is an alumnus from the University of British Columbia, with a B.A. in Psychology.
Walliser began his interest in filming by making skateboarding videos at the age of 14. He also made a short film about the first day of high school which is still used by his high school Hugh McRoberts. He decided to pursue directing as a career and moved to Los Angeles at the age of 24. His work began with shooting professional dancer friends on a pro-bono basis.
In 2008, one of Walliser's dancer friends, who was a choreographer for Miley Cyrus at the time, asked him to be involved in a dance music video, which led him to direct two Miley and Mandy dance crew videos; M&M Cru with a U Battles Step Up 2 and M&M Cru Final Dance Battle, challenging Jon Chu's and Adam Sevani's ACDC (aka Adam/Chu Dance Crew). These highly publicized music videos, touted as "the biggest online dance battle in YouTube history" featured a number of celebrity cameos and received worldwide media attention, including a feature on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. The online dance battle culminated in a performance at the 2008 Teen Choice Awards, which Walliser also directed.
In 2009, Cole directed the opening video for P!nk's Funhouse World Tour. He also directed a 30-minute documentary On Tour with P!nk, and four of her music videos (Please Don't Leave Me, Funhouse, Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely), Mean), which played during the Funhouse Summer Carnival Tour and can be found on P!nk's 'Greatest Hits So Far' DVD.
In 2010, Cole Walliser edited two episodes of the dance webseries, The LXD: The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers.
Subsequently, Walliser collaborated with Katy Perry and directed the story line that played throughout her 2011 California Dreams World Tour. Walliser was entrusted to edit together footage of Katy Perry's wedding for her intimate performance at the 2011 Grammy Awards.
Walliser frequently collaborates with Mercedes-Benz, Lexus, USA for their marketing initiatives through the Walton | Isaacson advertising agency.
He is also known for high speed videos of celebrities posing on red carpets. The videos are captured by his ‘GlamBOT'. He posts these videos on his social media accounts.
Filmography
Director
Editor
Short Films
References
External links
Cole Walliser's Official Website
1981 births
Canadian music video directors
American people of Chinese descent
Living people
People from Richmond, British Columbia
University of British Columbia alumni
Slippery Rock football, known as The Rock, is the college football team at Slippery Rock University in Slippery Rock, Pennsylvania. Slippery Rock competes in the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference which is a part of NCAA Division II football. They play their home games at Mihalik-Thompson Stadium,
a 10,000-seat capacity stadium named after Rock coaches N. Kerr Thompson and George Mihalik.
History
Slippery Rock's inaugural football season was in 1898. During their first season, the team compiled a 1–0 record, beating New Castle High School. Slippery Rock did not hire a head coach until the 1906 season, when John B. Price became the first coach in Slippery Rock football history. Over the course of 112 seasons of football, (no season in 1943–44 because of WWII) Slippery Rock has compiled a total record of 527–354–38. The team has captured 9 PSAC Championships: 1939, 1962, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1997 (PSAC-W), 1998 (PSAC-W), 1999 (PSAC-W), 2000 (PSAC-W), 2011 (PSAC-W); as well as 6 state championships: 1924, 1939, 1962, 1972, 1973, 1974. Slippery Rock has had two undefeated seasons, 1924 finishing 9–0 and 1938 ending 8–0. In 1958, Slippery Rock played in its first bowl game, the Beaver Bowl where they defeated the Edinboro Fighting Scots 6–0. Slippery Rock has played in two bowl games since. The 1963 All-Sports Bowl, where they were defeated by Northeast Oklahoma St. 59–12. The most recent bowl game was the 1972 Knute Rockne Bowl losing 27–26 to Bridgeport. Slippery Rock has played in 7 total playoff games and has compiled a record of 3–4.
Playoffs
NCAA Division III
Slippery Rock made one appearance in the NCAA Division III football playoffs, with a combined record of 0–1.
Head coaches
John B. Price – 1906–07. 3–2–2 record, .571 winning percentage.
Harry Snyder – 1908–09, 1911–13. 18–8–3 record, .679 winning percentage. Became athletic director a few years later.
Emil Miller – 1910. 5–3–0 record, .625 winning percentage.
Arthur Gaut – 1914–17. 16–10–3 record, .603 winning percentage.
Loyal S. Marshall – 1918–19. 3–7–0 record, .300 winning percentage.
N. Kerr Thompson – 1920–42, 1945. 126–58–22 record, .674 winning percentage. Led Slippery Rock to 12 Division championships and 8 state championships. Led four of the five unbeaten seasons at the school for football. Also coached basketball and baseball while at Slippery Rock.
William "Pop" Storer – 1946–52. 30–22–4 record, .571 winning percentage.
Chester Stackhouse – 1953–54. 5–10–1 record, .344 winning percentage.
William Meise – 1955–58. 12–17–1 record, .471 winning percentage. Also Track assistant coach at Slippery Rock.
Charles Godlasky – 1959–64. 31–19–4 record, .611 winning percentage. Took Slippery Rock to three PSAC-Western Division championship, and state championship in 1962. His team also played in the 1963 All-Sports Bowl.
Jack Olcutt – 1965–66. 7–11–2 record, .400 winning percentage.
Bob Dispirito – 1967–80, 1987. 79–60–3 record, .567 winning percentage. Coached Slippery Rock to three straight PSAC championships from 1972–74. Earned 2 bowl appearances for Slippery Rock, and led them to the first trip into Michigan stadium.
Fred Goldsmith – 1981. 2–7–0 record, .222 winning percentage. Led Slippery Rock team in second trip to Michigan Stadium, losing 14–13 to Wayne State Warriors.
Don Ault – 1982–86. 27–23–0 record, .540 winning percentage. In his first season at Slippery Rock, he was named Coach of the Year by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
George Mihalik – 1988 – 2015. 185–109–4 record, .628 winning percentage. Mihalik has the highest wins in school history, and is among the most successful. He has also led Slippery Rock to 12 straight winning seasons at one point during his tenure. He is part of an elite group of college football head coaches in the nation to own a doctorate degree.
Shawn Lutz – 2016 – Present.
Facilities
The Pride play their games at N. Kerr Thompson-Mihalik Stadium on Dispirito Field. The stadium name, however, has been changed starting with the 2011 season to Mihalik-Thompson Stadium, in honor of then-current head coach George Mihalik. It is one of few college football stadiums where stadium was named in honor of the then-current head coach. The stadium name is also in honor of N. Kerr Thompson, who was one of the most successful coaches in Slippery Rock history. Dispirito Field was named for former head coach Bob Dispirito who also was a successful coach in Slippery Rock history.
Traditions
"The Rock", located just outside the East endzone of the stadium, was donated by the Army Corps of Engineers in 1995. Players rub the rock every time they take the field prior to each home game.
Announcing the Slippery Rock score has been a tradition at University of Michigan football games since 1959, begun by Michigan Stadium announcer Steve Filipiak. Slippery Rock's scores have also been announced at the games of many other major schools, including Texas, North Carolina, Stanford, and California. Michigan is the only school that still continues this tradition.
Such is Slippery Rock's popularity in Ann Arbor that The Rock has played three times at massive Michigan Stadium. First, in front of a Division II-record 61,143 fans, Slippery Rock lost to Shippensburg University, 45–14, in 1979. Two years later, over 35,000 were in attendance in 1981 when the Rock took on the Wayne State Warriors, with Wayne State winning, 14–13. Slippery Rock returned to Michigan Stadium in 2014, against Mercyhurst University, losing again, this time by a 45–23 score. (15,121 were in their seats for this one—tiny by Michigan standards but still the largest crowd to watch a Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference game that season.)
Alumni
Greg Hopkins – Arena Football League wide receiver/linebacker, Los Angeles Avengers, was a four year letterman and was a three time All American honoree. Along with being a three time all PSAC selection, he set nine separate school records and had 215 receptions for 3,382 yards.
Matt Kinsinger – Arena Football League fullback/linebacker for the Chicago Rush. At Slippery Rock, Kinsinger was a defensive lineman and was named Football Gazette All-American.
Brandon Fusco – Drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the 6th round. Played center while at Slippery Rock. Became first player in school history to compete in Senior Bowl.
Ricky Porter – Drafted by the Detroit Lions in the 12th round, 319th overall in 1982.
Chuck Sanders – Drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the 11th round, 293rd overall in 1986.
Greg Paterra – Drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the 11th round, 286th overall in 1989.
Mike Butterworth – 2008 Free Agent, Atlanta Falcons
David Flick – Canadian Football League
John Sikora – Arena Football League
References
External links
Antonio Tempestilli (born 8 October 1959) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Honours
Roma
Coppa Italia winner: 1990–91
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Campli
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Inter Milan players
Como 1907 players
A.S. Roma players
Sportspeople from the Province of Teramo
Footballers from Abruzzo
The Northern River Street Historic District is located along River Street (southbound US 4 at that point) north of Federal Street, one block east of the Green Island Bridge, in Troy, New York, United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988, as the Northern River Street District, to distinguish it from Troy's previously existing River Street Historic District, which had been one of five superseded by the Central Troy Historic District to the south two years earlier.
Its two acres (8,000 m²) include 13 brick industrial and commercial buildings erected from the mid-19th to early 20th centuries. They were cut off from the rest of downtown due to the construction of the Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad, and as a result became a production center for the city's major industries, primarily textiles. When those industries declined in the mid-20th century, they were further isolated from the city's center by expansion of Federal Street to provide access to the bridge, and various urban renewal efforts. As a result, they have not seen much redevelopment and remain mostly intact.
Geography
The district is defined by building addresses: 403-429 River Street on the west side, and 420-430 River Street on the east. The resulting district is irregularly shaped, taking in all of the west side between Federal and Jacob streets but only the northern half on the east side.
Buildings
The west side is dominated by 409-415 River Street, a four-story six-bay former warehouse that dates to the 1840s, making it the oldest building in the district. The brownstone pilasters on the storefronts attest to the lingering influence of Greek Revival architecture at the time it was built. Nest door, 417-419 River Street is as tall but only three bays wide, built a decade later with similar design. Next to it is 421-423 River Street, the 1885 Cleminshaw Building of the H.C. Curtis Collar Co. At six bays and five stories, it is the largest building in the district. It boasts an ornate pressed metal cornice with a pediment reading "1868 REBUILT 1884".
At the north end of this row is 425 River Street, a narrower 1892 five-story building showing later influences, with a corbeled brick cornice and molded pediment. The top floor windows are arched; a brick pilaster comes up from beneath to create a rounded arcade. A decorative brick course as well as molded string runs around the building. To its north are two smaller buildings, dating to around 1910, the newest buildings in the district.
To the south of the large warehouses are smaller buildings. At 403 River Street is a three-story building dating to the same period as the warehouses, but 405-407, originally built as the Gaiety Theatre in 1888 and rebuilt with Dutch Colonial Revival stepped gables after a fire twenty years later.
The west side is dominated by three large three-story brick warehouses all built around 1885. To their north, at 428-430 River Street, is a two-story brick building from ten years later.
History
The neighborhood was isolated from downtown by the construction of the Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad in the 1830s, which ran into Troy on a route paralleling Federal Street from a now-demolished bridge. This, and the river's nearby water power, made it a more desirable location for the commercial detachable-collar factories and warehouses that were opening up as what had been a local cottage industry became the mainstay of the local economy and the product that gave the city an enduring nickname.
Space in the area was limited, and later expansions and additions to the industry found even better facilities available in the city's long northern extension. The railroad tracks were eventually removed when that industry declined along with the collar factories in the 20th century, but the road was expanded to include their right of way. Some of the properties were expanded for different purposes in the 1950s. Local urban renewal efforts in the next two decades also further isolated the area from downtown, but left the remaining River Street buildings intact, preserving them as a transitional block between commercial Troy to the south and industrial Troy to the north.
Today it is not only on the Register, but included as part of the city's Riverfront Historic District. Special zoning ordinances are in place to protect its historic character. It has been redeveloped with small retail outlets and restaurants, such as the River Street Café, upstairs in 429 River Street overlooking the river.
References
Hudson River
Troy, New York
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic districts in Rensselaer County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Troy, New York
Eugen Steimle (8 December 1909 – 6 October 1987) was a German SS commander in the Sicherheitsdienst (SD) during the Nazi era. He commanded Sonderkommando 7a and Einsatzkommando 4a of the Einsatzgruppen, both of which were responsible for mass killings in the Soviet Union. Steimle was found guilty in 1947 in the Einsatzgruppen Trial and sentenced to death in 1948. His sentence was commuted to 20 years in prison.
SS career
Steimle was the son of a pastor and came from a strict pietistic family and studied history, German and French at the University of Tübingen and University of Berlin. In May 1935, he passed his teaching exams. He joined the Nazi Party in 1932 and the National Socialist German Students' League (NSDStB), where he devoted himself to teaching Volksdeutsche students of the Sudetenland. He joined the SS (no. 272,575) as well in 1932, and then joined the SD in 1935 at the instigation of NSDStB chief Gustav Adolf Scheel. In September 1936, Steimle directed the SD office in Stuttgart. First, he headed the SD subsection Württemberg, and from 1939 until 1943, the SD-Leitabschnitt Stuttgart.
From 7 September to 10 December 1941, he succeeded Walter Blume as the commanding officer of Sonderkommando 7a in Einsatzgruppe B, which was led by Arthur Nebe. Under Steimle's command, his unit murdered 500 Jews within two months. From August 1942 to January 1943, he replaced Erwin Weinmann as leader of Einsatzkommando 4a in Einsatzgruppe C, which was led by Otto Rasch. After returning to Germany, he became head of Group VI B (German-Italian sphere of influence in Europe, Africa and the Middle East) in the RSHA. In 1944, he was promoted to SS-Standartenführer.
Trial and conviction
Steimle was arrested by the Allies in 1945. He was found guilty in 1947 in the Einsatzgruppen Trial and sentenced to death in 1948. His sentence was commuted to 20 years in prison based upon recommendations of the "Peck Panel". He was released from Landsberg Prison in June 1954 and then taught German and history in Wilhelmsdorf, Baden-Württemberg. He retired in 1975. Eugen Steimle died on 6 October 1987.
References
1909 births
1987 deaths
People from Calw (district)
SS-Standartenführer
Reich Security Main Office personnel
20th-century German educators
University of Tübingen alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
Einsatzgruppen personnel
Holocaust perpetrators in Russia
People convicted by the United States Nuremberg Military Tribunals
German prisoners sentenced to death
Prisoners sentenced to death by the United States military
Language teachers
German schoolteachers
Indopanolol is a beta blocker.
References
Beta blockers
Indoles
"Turning Japanese" is a song by English band the Vapors, from their 1980 album New Clear Days. It was an international hit, becoming the band's most well-known song. The song prominently features an Oriental riff played on guitar.
Overview
Songwriter David Fenton explained, "Turning Japanese is all the clichés about angst and youth and turning into something you didn't expect to."
The band suspected they would score a hit with "Turning Japanese", even delaying its release in order to make it their second single, hoping to avoid becoming "one-hit wonders". Nonetheless, they never matched the single's success. In Australia, it spent two weeks at No. 1 during June 1980, and, coincidentally, the song was also a minor hit in Japan.
The music video was directed by Russell Mulcahy.
The lyrics relate teen angst or alienation following a romantic breakup to feeling like being from a foreign culture.
Covers
Kirsten Dunst recorded a cover, with an accompanying video filmed directed by McG and produced by Takashi Murakami in Tokyo in August 2009.
The song was featured on the soundtrack of the 1997 movie Beverly Hills Ninja covered by the band The Hazies.
On the Canadian sketch comedy series Second City Television, Rick Moranis performed a lounge-style version of the song as the character Tom Monroe.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
See also
List of number-one singles in Australia during the 1980s
References
External links
1980 songs
1980 singles
The Vapors songs
United Artists Records singles
Music videos directed by Russell Mulcahy
Number-one singles in Australia
Song recordings produced by Vic Coppersmith-Heaven
Japan in non-Japanese culture
The Patigi Regatta Fest founded in 1949 but first took place in 1952. It is a Pategi Emirate boating event in Nigeria featuring the boating races, fishing and swimming.
History
The fest is host at terrain of the Niger River in Patigi Beach which was founded by pategi councils leader Ahman Pategi and Etsu Umaru Bologi I in 1950. The fest is an origin, historical significance and tourism which the first event took place in 1952. The event consists the featuring of residents in the bank river of Niger, Kwara and Kogi, the event consists of boat racing at Gbaradogi of the west river bank.
At the time 1920 the settlers at banks lake and river lived there for reasons which the compromises the rivers as worshiping place such as the Gbafu of Gazun at Pategi market. Some of the boat at the time of worship do not move and in the middle bank of Osun river, river Nile in Egypt were meeting place for the worship was found. The rivers in Nupe community was founded by the forefathers with the River Kempe, river Niger and Kaduna river which traders settled for rest like the Muregi, Sunkuso, Sunlati, Nupeko and Pang Ellah in the Niger, Kwara and Kogi had relationship in aspects of fishing, diving to get the biggest fish, alliance and understanding with likes of horse racing known commonly as Dubar combined in the traditional regatta.
This helps and bring the understanding and cooperation in Nupe people and which the tribal marks clarify the languages. Mostly the settlers there uses the boat as transportation with the regatta of patigi recognition being placed in tourist center unlike the cultural centre, regatta Motel and Regatta Pavilion. Due to the failure in many years participation, in 2004 the governor of Kwara Abuakar Bukola Saraki set a new committee in the Regatta due to the forgetness and dying of the event and as of the unique of it in the country.
References
Boat races
Cultural festivals in Nigeria
Boat festivals
Kwara State
The Last Plantation () is a 1976 Brazilian drama film directed by Marcos Farias. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Joffre Soares
Othon Bastos
Rafael de Carvalho
Rodolfo Arena
Ângela Leal
Fernando Peixoto
Procópio Mariano
Alberto Solha
Mary Neubauer
Vicentina Amaral
Marcelo Malta
José Cavalcanti
Ari Severo
Antonio Albuquerque
References
External links
1976 films
Brazilian drama films
1970s Portuguese-language films
1976 drama films
Torgbe Adja Tekpor VI was a traditional ruler in Ghana and Paramount Chief of Osie Avatime in the Volta Region. He was the fifth president of the National House of Chiefs and served from 1989 – 1992.
References
Ghanaian leaders
People from Volta Region
This page lists Fawlty Towers cast members. The names of the regular cast members link to the pages for the actor and for the Fawlty Towers character.
Trevor Adams as Alan in "The Wedding Party"
Denyse Alexander as Kitty in "The Anniversary"
Lewis Alexander as Chris (3rd hotel inspector) in "The Hotel Inspectors"
James Appleby as Mr. Stubbs in "The Builders"
Robert Arnold as Arthur in "The Anniversary"
Elizabeth Benson is Mrs. Heath in "Gourmet Night" and Mrs White in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Lisa Bergmayr as German Guest in "The Germans"
Ballard Berkeley is Major Gowen (regular)
Imogen Bickford-Smith as Girlfriend in "The Psychiatrist"
Norman Bird as Mr. Arrad in "Waldorf Salad"
Bruce Boa as Mr. Hamilton in "Waldorf Salad"
Connie Booth is Polly Sherman (regular)
Willy Bowman as German Guest in "The Germans"
Bill Bradley as Mr. Mackintosh in "Communication Problems"
Peter Brett as Brian (1st hotel inspector) in "The Hotel Inspectors"
Pamela Buchner as Miss Young in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Richard Caldicot as Lionel Twitchen in "Gourmet Night"
Ken Campbell as Roger in "The Anniversary"
John Cleese is Basil Fawlty (regular)
Terence Conoley is Mr. Wareing in "A Touch of Class" and Mr Johnstone in "Waldorf Salad"
James Cossins as Mr. Walt in "The Hotel Inspectors"
Brenda Cowling as Sister in "The Germans"
Bernard Cribbins as Mr. Hutchinson in "The Hotel Inspectors"
Michael Cronin as Mr. Lurphy in "The Builders"
Allan Cuthbertson as Colonel Hall in "Gourmet Night"
Claire Davenport as Miss Wilson / Large woman in "The Germans"
Richard Davies as Mr. White in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Anthony Dawes as Mr. Libson in "Waldorf Salad"
Aimée Delamain as Mrs. Johnson in "The Psychiatrist"
Barney Dorman as Mr. Kerr in "The Builders"
June Ellis as Mrs. Johnston in "Waldorf Salad"
Robin Ellis as Danny Brown in "A Touch of Class"
Gilly Flower is Miss Abitha Tibbs (regular)
Sabina Franklyn as Quentina in "Basil the Rat"
Dorothy Frere as Miss Hare in "Waldorf Salad"
Iris Fry as Mrs. Sharp in "The Germans"
Yvonne Gilan as Mrs. Peignoir in "The Wedding Party"
Dan Gillian as German Guest in "The Germans"
Elspet Gray as Dr. Abbott in "The Psychiatrist"
Michael Gwynn as Lord Melbury in "A Touch of Class"
Brian Hall is Terry the Chef (regular, second series)
Michael Halsey as Mr. Jones in "The Builders"
Basil Henson as Dr. Abbott in "The Psychiatrist"
Nicky Henson as Mr. Johnson in "The Psychiatrist"
Roger Hume as Reg in "The Anniversary"
Betty Huntley-Wright as Mrs. Twitchen in "Gourmet Night"
Nick Kane as German Guest in "The Germans"
Pat Keen as Virginia in "The Anniversary"
David Kelly as Mr. O'Reilly in "The Builders"
Diana King as Mrs. Lloyd in "The Wedding Party"
Melody Lang as Mrs. Taylor in "Basil the Rat"
Robert Lankesheer as Mr. Thurston in "Communication Problems"
John Lawrence as Mr. Sharp in "The Germans"
George Lee is a Delivery Man twice: (Bennion) in "The Builders" and Kerr in "Communication Problems"
Louis Mahoney as Doctor Finn in "The Germans"
André Maranne as André in "Gourmet Night"
Len Marten as a Guest in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Raymond Mason as Mr. Zebedee in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Robert McBain as Mr. Xerxes in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Charles McKeown as Mr. Ingrams in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Geoffrey Morris as John (2nd hotel inspector) in "The Hotel Inspectors"
Jay Neill as Bar Guest (Customer) in "The Wedding Party"
David Neville as Ronald in "Basil the Rat"
Claire Nielson as Mrs. Hamilton in "Waldorf Salad"
Tony Page as Ronald Heath in "Gourmet Night"
Geoffrey Palmer as Dr. Price in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Mervyn Pascoe as Mr. Yardley in "Communication Problems"
Luan Peters as Raylene Miles in "The Psychiatrist"
Conrad Phillips Mr. Lloyd in "The Wedding Party"
Steve Plytas as Kurt the chef in "Gourmet Night"
Mavis Pugh as Mrs. Chase in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
John Quarmby as Mr. Carnegie in "Basil the Rat"
Renee Roberts as Miss Ursula Gatsby (regular)
Derek Royle as Mr. Leeman in "The Kipper and the Corpse"
Andrew Sachs is Manuel (regular)
Joan Sanderson as Mrs. Alice Richards in "Communication Problems"
Prunella Scales is Sybil Fawlty (regular)
Jeffrey Segal as Mr. Heath in "Gourmet Night"
Johnny Shannon as Mr. Firkins in "Communication Problems"
Beatrice Shaw as Miss Gurke in "Waldorf Salad"
Christine Shaw as Audrey in "The Anniversary"
Stuart Sherwin as a Guest in "Basil the Rat"
David Simeon as Mr Mackenzie in "A Touch of Class"
Una Stubbs as Alice in "The Anniversary"
Stella Tanner as Mrs. Arrad in "Waldorf Salad"
James Taylor as Mr. Taylor in "Basil the Rat"
April Walker as Jean Wilson in "The Wedding Party"
Ann Way as Mrs. Hall in "Gourmet Night"
Lionel Wheeler as Mr. Watson in "A Touch of Class"
Martin Wyldeck as Sir Richard Morris in "A Touch of Class"
References
The Complete Fawlty Towers by John Cleese & Connie Booth (1988, Methuen, London)
Lists of actors by British television series
Lists of actors by comedy television series
Azeddine Nouiri (born 21 July 1986) is a Moroccan wheelchair athlete who competes in throwing events. He won the F34 classification shot put competition at the 2012 and 2016 Paralympics, setting a world record at 13.10 metres in 2012. In the javelin throw he finished tenth and seventh, respectively. He served as the flag bearer for Morocco at the 2016 Summer Paralympics Parade of Nations.
At the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships, Nouiri placed fourth in the shot put and lost his world record to Scott Jones.
References
External links
1986 births
Sportspeople from Casablanca
Living people
Moroccan male javelin throwers
Moroccan male shot putters
Paralympic athletes of Morocco
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Morocco
Paralympic silver medalists for Morocco
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
World record holders in Paralympic athletics
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
GOTE, which stands for "Goal, Obstacle, Tactics, and Expectation", is an acronym devised by Robert Cohen to remind actors of four basic elements to consider while preparing a character for the theater. Coincidentally, GOTE is an anagram of EGOT, which is the acronym describing people (including actors) who have won at least one Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony award.
Cohen introduced the acronym in his book, Acting One, which has become one of the most widely used textbooks for college theater students in the United States. GOTE is also often taught as part of the larger field of Practical Aesthetics.
Method
The GOTE method, briefly stated, is as follows:
Goal refers to what a character desires—what drives their actions. Goals often involve specific details (e.g. "I want to create peace in the West Bank") but the strong verb (in this case "to create") is the crucial part of the goal because it impels actor and character to action. Beginners may use the verbs "to be," "to get," or a verb in the negative form. These choices often muddy the acting. Teachers differ on using goals that attempt to evoke specific emotions from other characters (e.g. "I want to make him cry.") Such phrasings may put one's scene partner in a difficult position. At the same time characters do not always succeed and this may mitigate problems while this usage may help create emotional vitality. Teachers also differ on using physically oriented goals. Some find them petty while others find they help actors act more convincingly by lending a sense of physical truth in addition to mental/willful truth.
Obstacle refers to what stops the character from achieving their goal. Drama needs (both in terms of practice and the need for interest) conflicts, which arise not only from the goals but from fighting against obstacles to achieve those goals. Obstacles will often define the possible range of tactics (see T), help an actor define emotions, help integrate new information, clarify the drama and plot and many other vital elements. The obstacle, however, should not be "played." In other words the actors should pursue their goals, rather than looking whiny about their obstacle. Note: O can also stand for "Other" in which case it refers to the other characters in the scene. Ideally, actors see other people in the play as the object of goals or tactics for good interplay.
Tactic refers to the methods used to achieve goals. Tactics can range from totally threatening to wholly inducing, and usually actors should use a wide variety to create believable interactions. If an actor has, for instance, the goal "to threaten" then various tactics might be used to threaten. One might threaten the character, the character's family, livelihood, etc. If none of these tactics work the actor may try more inducing tactics (in this case maybe implicit threats) or change their goal altogether to something more likely to achieve their expectation (see E). If an actor follows Cohen completely, they find they should justify every word and gesture as a tactic. Usually tactics color different attempts at the goal, but occasionally they themselves are verbs and are like small, short goals. The difference between tactics and goals may become mainly a question of the length.
Expectation refers to one's expectation of succeeding in achieving goals. If one did not expect to achieve one's goals then one would not pursue them. Ultimately the script may have the character fail but the actor should always act as if they believe they can succeed. Expectation can also involve the character's journey. In this case goals cover anywhere from a "beat" to a scene. They become smaller units moving toward the expectation and goal and expectation usually become related as a when/then statement (e.g. "when I convince (goal with a strong verb) him (the other) of my plan then I can take over the company and be rich (expectation.)" The actor using this fictional GOTE should also find various tactics, or ways of "convincing."
Any or all of these aspects can shift at any time during and there should probably be at the very least one goal per scene. Many actors like to also use an overall character goal (or expectation) for the play or even for the character's life in addition to getting a handle on smaller "beats" with a GOTE.
In acting
Actors use a GOTE by actually trying to do what their character is doing, at least on the level of actions (relying on the truth of a body responding to will). A GOTE actor often has a nuanced idea of how and why a character acts. This would result in self-conscious, introverted acting except that a GOTE is only useful when it manifests in action. In fact, proponents of GOTE do not want actors to lose themselves in their characters' psyches. So instead of dangerously ceding control to personal emotions, actors who use GOTE rely on action. To rely on their cast members for safety in that environment and in turn protect their cast members by their very use of GOTE, which is always completely under their command.
Once an actor figures out the GOTE for the character ("getting the character's GOTE"), they find a greater understanding of the character and hopefully will begin to make discoveries about tone and style and giving them a language to talk to the director. Even more practically the actor will have an easier time in rehearsal since many actors use it to determine movements because, often, GOTE entirely determines said characters' movements. Finally the actor can play that character with passion and intensity, and thus create an enjoyable and memorable performance.
See also
Practical Aesthetics
Acting
References
Acting techniques
The Leicester boy trial was one of Leicester's most notorious witchcraft cases, in which a thirteen-year-old boy publicly accused 15 women of causing a possession within him. The case took place in Husbands Bosworth, a small village not far from Leicester in 1616. John Smith fell into a series of violent fits, not even several men could hold him down. He made strange noises, and, as noted in a letter from Alderman Robert Heyrick to his brother Sir William, he would beat himself with inhuman strength, yet somehow remain unharmed. He gave extensive details on their familiars. The two judges, Sir Humphrey Winch and Sir Ranulph Crewe quickly condemned the women, rounding all 15 of them up. Nine of them were tried, found guilty and hanged for allegedly possessing John Smith. The other six were placed in prison to wait their turns. None of them were named before being hanged. King James I happened to be passing through about a month later, and heard what was going on. He called for John Smith to be questioned, and had little trouble determining the child was fraudulent. He broke down, and confessed the truth. Of the six women who had been imprisoned, only five of them were released, as one of them died inside. According to a timeline, the woman who had died told the jailer she was working with the witches against Smith the day before she died. She had begged him not to say anything because the witches would harm her.
It was not until recently that courts began to consider child testimonies again, though they still deeply consider it before trusting them. Due to the Leicester Boy case, and others like it, many judges were wary of trusting anyone, especially children, in claims of witchcraft. The two judges associated with the cases had their reputation seriously damaged, and the story was transformed into a satirical comedy making fun of them in The Devil Is an Ass by Ben Jonson.
Religious and Political Background
During the time of the witch trials, it was not difficult to rile people up over accusations of witchcraft. The Witchcraft Act of 1604 had just been passed by King James. The act, which was named An Act Against Conjuration, Witchcraft and dealing with evil and wicked spirits, altered the law and made witchcraft a felony punishable by death. It added that it would be without the benefit of the clergy for anyone who "invoked evil spirits or communed with familiars". Ironically it was the King himself who put an end to the Leicester hysteria.
Events Leading Up to the Trial
Before the trial, John Smith began to have these strange fits during which he exhibited inhuman levels of strength. No number of men could hold the boy down, and he would beat himself, sometimes up to 300 times at once, all over his body without leaving a mark.. During these fits, he would speak in strangled phrases and contract his "whole body within the compass of a Joyn'd-stool". He would write in Hebrew and Greek characters. He told the judges, and others, that he was being possessed by witches' familiars, and described them at great length. He listed off "horse, cat, dog, pullemar, fish, code" and made out the animal's cries based on which was allegedly possessing him. The boy's family called in the Bosworth witches, nine of them, to attempt to exorcise the boy. However, they were unable to. It was July 1616. The women were hauled off, and hung. Later in the year, October, he accused six more women of witchcraft against him. The women were listed as anonymous, and unnamed, and hauled off for inquisition.
The Trials
It was 18 July 1616. The first six women were made to chant a counter spell, which was intended to identify them as witches. John Smith would cry out in pain and distress anytime they didn't chant:
All nine of them were hung as witches in the trial that same day. The rest were imprisoned by the judges of assize, Sir Humphrey Winch and Sir Ranulph Crewe later in the year. Allegedly, one of the six women, listed as anonymous, confessed to the jailer that she was "in concert with her familiar, and with the other accused witches, to torment Smyth." She begged him to keep her secret, and the following day, she died in the cell.
King James came passing through, and caught wind of the witchcraft trials. He was curious, and wanted to see who had made the accusation. Upon learning that it was a mere 13-year-old boy, he summoned him as quickly as possible, and promptly declared him to be a fraud. The five survivors were released from prison.
Aftermath and Legacy
After the trials, Sir Humphrey and Sir Ranulph's careers took a rough hit, though they remained as judges for some time. English judges began to consider cases much more cautiously, in particular if they were told by children. King James gave Ben Jonson the permission to write The Devil is an Ass, in which he ridiculed them for their gullibility. Unfortunately, King James was not quick enough to save all 15 innocent women, however five of them survived.
Literary Adaptations and Other Media
• A History of Witchcraft in England from 1558 to 1718, Wallace Notestein
• King James I and "The Devil is an Ass" Vol. 9, No. 2, G.L. Kittredge
• Witch Hunts in the Western World: Persecution and Punishment from the Inquisition through the Salem Trials, Brian Pavlac
• Ben Jonson: A Life, Ian Donaldson
• Dictionary of Witchcraft, David Pickering
Media
• The Witches of Husbands Bosworth, Liberal England: The witches of Husbands Bosworth 29 August 2009
• The Witch Trial That Made Legal History, Frances Cronin, BBC News The witch trial that made legal history
Similar Cases
Pendle Witch Trials
Jennet Device, 9 years old, was the key witness in the Pendle Witch Trials against 12 people who were charged with murder of 10 people with witchcraft. 10 were tried in 1612 as a group, and were hanged for child murder and cannibalism. Device gave evidence against her mother, brother and sister. Later in life, she was tried and found guilty in 1633–1634, and imprisoned until death.
Torsåker Witch Trials
The Torsåker witch trials in Sweden were intense, and children were actively used to give the trial the priest, Laurentius Christophori Hornæus, wanted. He would torture them psychologically and physically until they would say what he wanted them to say. 15 October over 100 people were accused, and a majority were executed. This went on until 1676, when authorities were finally able to prove that the children were falsely testifying.
Sarah Good
Sarah Good, along with Sarah Osborne and Tituba, were accused in February 1692 of afflicting Betty Parris and Abigail Williams, two young girls who were having hysterical fits and convulsions. The whole town wanted to rid themselves of Sarah Good, who was considered a homeless beggar. She simply repeated over and over that she was falsely accused. Her execution was in July 1692.
See also
Gävle Boy
References
Leicester
Witch trials in England
Accusers in witch trials
WNLC was a radio station broadcasting at 1510 kHz AM in New London, Connecticut, United States. It broadcast from 1936 to 1997, having been the first station established in New London, and was last owned by Hall Communications.
Early years
WNLC signed on September 13, 1936. Originally broadcasting on 1500 kHz with 100 watts during the daytime only, WNLC was owned by the Thames Broadcasting Corporation and built by Daniel E. Noble, an engineer who had built WCAC, an early educational station at the University of Connecticut; the transmitter was grounded to the nearby railroad tracks. Original studios were in the Mohican Hotel with transmitter at Winthrop Point. It was the first radio station in the state east of the Connecticut River. The station maintained affiliations with the Mutual Broadcasting System and the regional Yankee and Colonial networks.
The 1938 New England hurricane slammed into New London with force. It knocked WNLC off the air for three weeks and crumpled its tower, while storm surge battered the transmitter building and washed out the front and back walls. The station continued to operate from its studios in the Mohican Hotel, broadcasting news on the hotel's speaker. The station was able to return to the air when a shortwave transmitter for WOR arrived, fed by DC power from the hotel; other outlets in the region also aided in restoring operations. The station was permitted to operate at night in 1939 and with 250 watts in 1940; NARBA reallocation moved it and other stations on 1500 to 1490 kHz effective March 29, 1941. In 1944, Jim Gordon, later a news and sportscaster in New York, started his radio career at WNLC.
WNLC was prepared to move from the world of radio to television. In 1952—after applying for TV channel 26—Gerald J. Morey, executive of the Thames, disclosed that in the preceding years, the station had planned for potential television facilities with an audio chain ready for television, a partly built FM radio site on Raymond Hill, and sufficient studio space. The television station, however, was never built, and in November 1956, the Federal Communications Commission ordered WNLC and a string of other permittees for unbuilt UHF outlets to build or lose their permits.
Instead, Morey focused on improving the WNLC AM facility, especially after WSUB (980 AM) went on the air from nearby Groton in 1957. In August 1958, it filed to move to 1510 kHz, relocate its transmitter, and broadcast with 5,000 watts; the FCC granted the application in November 1960. The frequency change cleared the way for a new station to open at Greenwich on 1490. The new facility was highly directional to the southeast, operating from an eight-tower array; four towers were used in daytime operation and six at night. A second boost, this time to a daytime power of 10,000 watts, took place in 1964. WNLC got a sister FM station on December 29, 1969, when WTYD (100.9 FM) began broadcasting.
New owners, new formats
After nearly 40 years under the same ownership that had founded the station in 1936, WNLC-WTYD entered into negotiations in 1975 to sell the Mercury Broadcasting Corporation, based in Maryland. The sale was triggered because 60-year-old Gerald Morey, who had founded the station when he was 20, was in poor health. Thames sold the stations to Mercury the next year for $1.1 million. While the FM continued with its beautiful music programming, WNLC's musical programming shifted from Top 40 toward adult contemporary. One night in 1977, the station went off the air for two hours as a safety precaution while rescue workers sought to talk a 30-year-old man who made a living building and painting radio towers from committing suicide by jumping off the mast.
WNLC was sold twice in a five-year span in the 1980s. Norman Drubner, a real estate investor from Waterbury, bought it and WTYD from Mercury in 1984. Two years later, Drubner sold WNLC and WTYD to Andross Communications for $5.2 million; by this time, the AM station was airing an oldies format, with the adult contemporary sound having moved to WTYD. The pair changed hands one more time, in 1994, when Hall Communications of Norwich purchased the stations for $3.5 million, adding to the two stations it already owned in Norwich.
Closure and move of WNLC to FM
In its final years of operation, WNLC aired an adult standards format, after having flipped to news/talk prior to the Hall acquisition. In late 1997, however, Hall opted to move WNLC and its standards programming to the FM band. It did so by acquiring WXZR (98.7 FM), a satellite-fed Z Rock station, for $2 million; that September, WXZR became WNLC-FM.
Hall then took the AM facility silent in an attempt to repair the eight-tower directional array at Waterford, which had been malfunctioning since a 1997 fire. The call letters on the facility were changed to WWJY. In April, Hall surrendered its nighttime operating authority, which would have left the station a daytime-only outlet using three of the eight towers. However, it never returned to operation, and it was deleted.
References
New London, Connecticut
Radio stations established in 1936
Radio stations disestablished in 1997
Defunct radio stations in the United States
1936 establishments in Connecticut
1997 disestablishments in Connecticut
NLC
NLC (AM)
Modryń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border of Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Mircze, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The helmeted friarbird (Philemon buceroides) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
Distribution and habitat
The helmeted friarbird' is found in Indonesia and northern Australia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical mangrove forest.
Subspecies
The hornbill friarbird (P. b. yorki) of Cape York Peninsula and coastal north-eastern Queensland is sometimes considered a subspecies of the helmeted friarbird or as a full species. The same is also true of the New Guinea friarbird (P. b. novaeguineae).
References
helmeted friarbird
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Birds of the Aru Islands
Birds of New Guinea
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Queensland
helmeted friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tsurai (; Dargwa: Цурагӏи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tsizgarinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 189 as of 2010.
Geography
Tsurai is located 15 km northeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tsizgari and Kanasiragi are the nearest rural localities.
Ethnic groups
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Gaurav Mrinal Sharma (born 1987) is a New Zealand doctor and politician. He has a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery degree from the University of Auckland and a Master of Business Administration from George Washington University. Elected in 2020, Sharma was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Labour Party, representing Hamilton West, but is now an independent. He previously contested the seat in 2017.
Early life and schooling
Sharma was born in Himachal Pradesh, India, and his family moved to New Zealand when he was 12 years old. Sharma went to Auckland Grammar School where he was the Proxime Accessit (runner-up Dux) in his final year of high school. In 2005, The New Zealand Herald named him as one of the top six students in the country as per Sir John Graham's NZ Education and Scholarship Trust.
Medical career
Volunteer work as a caregiver in a rest home when he was in high school inspired Sharma to pursue a career in medicine. Sharma qualified as a medical doctor from University of Auckland's School of Medicine in 2011 where he was also involved with the New Zealand Medical Students' Association. Sharma undertook an internship with the World Health Organisation in 2012, working within the Non-Communicable Diseases unit.
When he returned from Geneva, Sharma practised medicine in different hospitals across Auckland until 2015. Sharma is registered with the Medical Council of New Zealand under a general scope requiring he practises under supervision in the GPEP training programme. His certificate to practise expired on 31 August 2022.
Fulbright and MBA
In 2015, Sharma received the Fulbright Scholarship to complete a MBA at George Washington University in Washington DC, with a specific focus on business, politics and public health. During this time, Sharma was involved on campus in Hillary Clinton's campaign for the United States Presidency in 2016. He was also a Senator on the George Washington University's Student Senate during his time there as a student.
Political career
Sharma was attracted to the New Zealand Labour Party before joining Phil Goff's campaign for parliament in 2014. Upon returning from the United States after his MBA, Sharma stood for the Labour Party in the electorate in the end was placed 70 on Labour's party list. He was not successful in winning the seat against the incumbent but increased the Labour Party vote share from 25.57% to 36.61% (an increase of 11.04%) compared to the 2014 results. Following his loss, Sharma practised as a GP in Hamilton for two years.
In the 2020 election Sharma again stood for the Hamilton West electorate, beating the incumbent National candidate Tim Macindoe by 6,267 votes. Sharma was the first MP to take the Oath of Allegiance in Sanskrit, after first completing it in te reo Māori. Sharma is also the first MP of Indian origin to represent an electorate for the Labour Party.
Allegations of bullying within parliament
On 11 August 2022, Sharma wrote an op-ed for The New Zealand Herald newspaper where he alleged widespread bullying within parliament, with specific allegations aimed at party whips, party leadership, and the Parliamentary Service. The following day, Sharma doubled-down on these allegations with a lengthy Facebook post detailing specific grievances against Labour Whip Duncan Webb, former Whip Kieran McAnulty, and Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern's office.
In response, Parliamentary Service chief executive Rafael Gonzalez-Montero disputed Sharma's allegations and defended his organisation's work on countering bullying within parliament. Gonzalez-Montero, Webb, and Ardern confirmed that their offices were working with Sharma to resolve an employment dispute in his parliamentary office. The employment matter centred on a former staffer who felt bullied by Sharma; that they were being isolated from other staffers by him and subsequently sought therapy after it. Sharma, however, said that their contract was not extended because of poor employment performance.
Labour Party MPs, including Damien O'Connor, Chris Hipkins, and Anahila Kanongata'a-Suisuiki, questioned Sharma's claims. However, National Party MPs Matt Doocey, Chris Bishop, and Chris Penk claimed that Sharma's allegations raised questions about alleged bullying and victimising within the Labour Party. Following Sharma's claims, a senior staffer for Labour MP Anna Lorck claimed that she was the victim of bullying.
On 15 August, Ardern confirmed that the Labour Party parliamentary caucus would be holding a special meeting that week to discuss Sharma's bullying allegations. That same day, Sharma posted further allegations on Facebook about workplace bullying within the Labour Party. Sharma also claimed that he was being silenced after Labour leaders ordered him to raise his concerns with party whips and leaders and to avoid speaking with the media. In addition, 20 members of Sharma's Hamilton West electorate committee sent a letter to the Labour Party and Labour parliamentary caucus defending Sharma and calling for an independent investigation into his bullying allegations. Ardern rejected calls by the Hamilton West electorate committee for an independent investigation. The New Zealand Herald also reported that three of Sharma's staff members had resigned during his first year after raising concerns about him; which allegedly prompted the Parliamentary Service to suspend the hiring of new staff for Sharma's parliamentary office. That same day, the Parliamentary Service rebutted one of Sharma's allegations that another Labour MP and a parliamentary staff member had misspent taxpayer money in August 2021. Gonzalez-Montero responded that the duo had travelled to the MP's electorate for the purposes of team-building, which he described as a normal procedure for MPs who were establishing a new team within their electorates.
On the evening of 15 August, the Labour Party parliamentary caucus, with the exception of Sharma, held a Zoom meeting to discuss his future within the party. Sharma found out about this meeting after "accidentally" receiving a message with a photo of fellow Labour MP Kelvin Davis on Zoom call. Prior to that, Sharma had agreed to attend a special caucus meeting on 16 August to discuss Sharma's bullying allegations. After learning about the evening meeting on 15 August, Sharma refused to attend the 16 August meeting and claimed that his fate had been "pre-determined." During the special caucus meeting held on 16 August, Labour MPs voted unanimously to suspend Sharma from the party caucus effective immediately until December 2022. While Sharma would remain the Labour MP for Hamilton West, he was excluded from caucus events. Ardern defended Sharma's suspension, claiming it was an appropriate response to what she described as his "repeated breaches of trust." Ardern also claimed that Sharma had rejected the party's offers of coaching, mentoring and temporary staff over the past 18 months. In return, Sharma had accused the Labour leadership of ignoring his concerns and gaslighting him.
In an interview with news broadcaster Newshub on 16 August, Sharma revealed a list of five questions he had for Ardern, whom he accused of creating a cover-up culture. In an interview with public broadcaster Radio New Zealand on 17 August, Sharma accused the Prime Minister of lying "every step of the way." He also claimed he had recorded an hour-long phone conversation with a senior Labour MP, who called him after the 15 August meeting to warn his fate was sealed and multiple times tell him the decision made by the Labour caucus on 16 August was pre-determined. Asked if he would stay in Parliament if he was expelled from the Labour caucus, Sharma admitted "I haven't thought this through to that".
On 19 August, Newshub reported that the Chief Ombudsman Peter Boshier had sent a letter to Ardern querying Sharma's allegations that Labour MPs had been trained to circumvent the Official Information Act 1982. In mid August, Ardern indicated that Sharma would face a motion to expel him from the Labour Party caucus for breaching party protocol. However, she ruled out using the Electoral (Integrity) Amendment Act 2018 to expel Sharma from Parliament on the grounds that she did not want to impose an "unnecessary burden" on taxpayers by triggering a by-election. Ardern also refused Sharma's appeal for an independent inquiry, claiming that his allegations were unfounded. Ardern also indicated that the Party would consider expelling him from the Labour Party.
On 23 August, Ardern confirmed that the Labour caucus had voted to expel Sharma. She added that the caucus had also voted to refer the matter to the New Zealand Council of the Labour Party for them to consider any further disciplinary action.
On 24 August, during the election of the new Speaker of the House Adrian Rurawhe, Sharma used parliamentary privilege to accuse the outgoing Speaker Trevor Mallard of ignoring his concerns about bullying within Labour and reporting his complaint to the Labour Whips' office. Sharma was halted during his speech by Rurawhe and told to sit down for going off topic.
On 29 August, Sharma published a 4,700 word social media post detailing his complaints with the work performance of three former staff members and accused the Parliamentary Service of fabricating information about him. Sharma also reiterated calls for an independent investigation into his claims. In response to the post, a former staff member accused Sharma of breaching confidentiality rules and bringing back past trauma.
References
1987 births
Living people
People from Himachal Pradesh
New Zealand Labour Party MPs
New Zealand people of Indian descent
Indian expatriates in New Zealand
Unsuccessful candidates in the 2017 New Zealand general election
Candidates in the 2020 New Zealand general election
People educated at Auckland Grammar School
University of Auckland alumni
George Washington University School of Business alumni
21st-century New Zealand politicians
21st-century New Zealand medical doctors
Independent MPs of New Zealand
The Sha Tin to Central Link (abbreviated SCL; ) is an extension of the MTR rapid transit network. It is divided into two sections.
The first section, named “Tuen Ma line (Phase 1)”, runs from Tai Wai station in the New Territories to Hung Hom station in Kowloon. The Tai Wai–Hung Hom segment connected the Ma On Shan line and West Rail line, forming the new Tuen Ma line. Operation of the Tai Wai to Kai Tak section began on 14 February 2020. The opening of the section from Kai Tak to Hung Hom was delayed and opened on 27 June 2021.
In anticipation of the Tuen Ma line, the existing Kwun Tong line was extended from its previous terminus at Yau Ma Tei to Whampoa station. This extension includes the new Ho Man Tin station to provide interchange with the Tuen Ma line. The Kwun Tong line extension was opened on 23 October 2016.
The second section (Phase 2) extended the East Rail line from Hung Hom in Kowloon to Admiralty on Hong Kong Island and opened on 15 May 2022.
History
The proposed route of the Sha Tin to Central Link roughly follows the scheme of the original East Kowloon line, which was proposed in the late 1960s but was not constructed. The Shatin to Central Link was included as one of the Priority Railway Schemes in the Hong Kong government's Railway Development Strategy 2000.
On 25 June 2002, the government announced that the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation (KCRC) had won its bid against the MTR Corporation (MTRC) to build and operate the Shatin to Central Link. The route was originally planned to go from Tai Wai station to Central West station (proposed to be located under the Mid-Levels), as an extension of the then-under-construction KCR Ma On Shan Rail (now the Ma On Shan line).
The KCRC announced modifications to the proposal in 2005, with the East Kowloon portion of the line joining KCR Ma On Shan Rail at Tai Wai and KCR West Rail (now the West Rail line) at Hung Hom, with the cross-harbour portion joining KCR East Rail (now the East Rail line) at Hung Hom. Mong Kok Station (now Mong Kok East) would have been relocated, joining a new tunnel to a deeper Hung Hom station platform connecting to the cross-harbour section. Additionally, stations at Tsz Wan Shan and Whampoa Garden were removed from the proposal; the areas would instead have been served by people movers () from other stations. However, the KCRC's proposal had not yet been finalised.
At the same time, the MTRC submitted a new proposal to the government. According to the proposal, the Kwun Tong line would be extended from Yau Ma Tei station to Whampoa station (as the KCRC had decided to omit Whampoa Garden station from its proposal), and the route of the SCL would follow the KCRC's original proposal instead of the 2005 modified proposal. An underground train depot would have been built beneath the passenger terminal of the former Kai Tak International Airport, adjacent to Prince Edward Road East in Kowloon City; however, under the Kai Tak redevelopment plan released by the government in October 2006, the depot would have to be constructed somewhere else.
MTR–KCR merger plan
On 11 April 2006, MTRC signed a non-binding memorandum of understanding with the government of Hong Kong, the owner of KCRC, to merge the operations of the territory's two railway networks. According to the memorandum, the MTRC-owned MTR lines will be fully integrated with the Shatin to Central Link, which will be part of the MTR system. The government also intended to choose the KCRC's modified proposal to build the railway, that is, extending the current East Rail line to Hong Kong Island. However, final decisions were not made before conducting further studies on the proposal with the MTRC.
The new proposal was announced jointly by both companies on 12 July 2007, before the merger of the two rail networks on 2 December that year. Under this proposal, the depot for the Sha Tin to Central Link would have been built underneath the former Tai Hom Village site between Kai Tak and Diamond Hill stations. The people movers were omitted; Causeway Bay North station was also removed from the proposal due to potential adverse effects on road traffic during construction.
The MTRC announced a revised proposal on 11 March 2008. The government would fund all of the required for construction. The Executive Council approved the construction cost of HK$79.8 billion in March 2012 and construction began on 22 June 2012. Under the final proposal, the former Hung Hom Freight Yard adjacent to Hung Hom station will be converted into stabling sidings for Sha Tin to Central Link trains, and new access tracks will be constructed to link the Sha Tin to Central Link with the former Hung Hom Freight Yard. Central South station was excluded in the modified plan, as no suitable sites had been found. One station at Hin Keng (just south of Tai Wai) was added to the proposal afterwards, to alleviate congestion at Tai Wai station.
Expected commencement
The original commencement date of Phase 1 was 2018; Phase 2 was expected to be completed in 2020 or 2021. Some of the construction work of Phase 2 has followed the completion of Wan Chai Reclamation Phase 2 and Central–Wan Chai Bypass, as there are overlaps between station and tunnels. In November 2014, Secretary for Transport and Housing Anthony Cheung revealed that the project would be delayed by at least another 11 months, caused by archaeological Work at To Kwa Wan station (now renamed as Sung Wong Toi station), and extra enabling works at Exhibition Centre station for topside development. At that time, the authority submitted a document to the Legislative Council, stating Phases 1 and 2 would be completed in 2019 and 2021 respectively.
However, the opening was delayed again due to construction quality problems at Hung Hom station. In January 2020, Secretary for Transport & Housing Frank Chan announced the "Tuen Ma line Phase 1" would be open on 14 February 2020, the rest of the Tuen Ma line would open on 27 June 2021, and the MTR expects the opening of the East Rail line extensions by June or July 2022, but is subject to change.
On 3 May 2022, MTR officially announced that the East Rail Line extension would open on 15 May 2022.
Hung Hom station scandal
In 2018, a whistleblower leaked information to the Hong Kong media stating that the construction quality at the Hung Hom station was substandard. Namely, the threaded steel bars that were supposed to link to each other were cut so that they would fit into couplers without actually connecting to the full extent.
This raised concerns that the platform is not as strong as it was designed to be. Although initially denying the allegations, the MTR and the contractor Leighton Asia later confirmed them, and proposed a plan to open up the concrete at some areas of the stations to inspect the construction quality.
The investigation also revealed further incidents of substandard work and missing construction records. For example, 40% of Request for Inspection and Survey Checks forms for the northern approach tunnels are missing.
Construction and facility enhancement
New railway lines and track
The 11-kilometre tunnel of the East-West Corridor was fully broken through in August 2016.
As of February 2017, construction and tunnel boring is underway for the sections between the Exhibition Centre station and Causeway Bay, and between Causeway Bay and Kowloon. MTRC has set up an Immersed Tube Tunnel Casting Yard at the site of the former Shek O Quarry at the south side of the Hong Kong Island to pre-assemble sections of the tunnel tubes, which will be then transported by sea and immersed in place. As June 2017, the first Immersed Tube Tunnel units was installed in Victoria Harbour, marking the beginning of constructing the fourth harbour-crossing railway tunnel in Hong Kong. 11 tube tunnel units in total will be constructed and placed for the harbour crossing section.
New signalling systems and station facilities
Both of the new corridors will receive new signalling systems as part of the Sha Tin to Central Link project. The technology, known as communications-based train control (CBTC), will minimise train intervals while complying with existing and future infrastructure, such as platform doors/gates.
The East West Corridor are now using SelTrac CBTC supplied by Thales. This is an updated, more modern version of the Seltrac IS technology already installed on the West Rail line, Ma On Shan line, and Kowloon Southern Link. New on-board computers are being retrofitted to the existing SP1900 trains as part of their modifications to form 8-car trains, supplemented with newly acquired 8-car trains delivered with the new computer already installed. All stations on the Ma On Shan line have also received half-height platform gates in conjunction with the upgrade, and new underground stations will have full-height platform doors installed.
The North South Corridor will have the TBL train protection and Alstom's ATO system in use on the current East Rail line including the Lok Ma Chau Spur Line replaced with Trainguard MT CBTC supplied by Siemens. (AWS used by intercity trains on the East Rail line is not expected to be affected.) At the same time, all platforms would be modified and equipped with half-height platform gates (full-height doors on the new underground stations) to provide level boarding and minimize the gap with the train. Refurbishment and expansion work on platforms and stations will also be carried out.
Admiralty, Diamond Hill and Hung Hom stations, all of which are major interchanges following full opening of the new lines, have been expanded or relocated to cater to increased demand.
New rolling stock
The East West Corridor will operate using a combination of both new and existing rolling stock, while the North South Corridor will have its existing rolling stock fully replaced with new stock.
Contract 1141A for 17 8-car C-Trains for the East West Corridor was awarded to CRRC Changchun Railway Vehicles in December 2013. Designed in 14 months, the first train, officially named East West Line Train, arrived in Hong Kong in June 2016 and began passenger service on the Ma On Shan Line on 12 March 2017.
Contract 1141B for 37 9-car R-trains for the North South Corridor was awarded to Hyundai Rotem of South Korea in December 2012. The first delivery took place in 2015 with all new trainsets in service by 2020, fully replacing the 12-car Metro Cammell EMUs which were already retired.
Contract 1151 for 36 additional SP1900 cars was awarded to Kinki Sharyo of Japan in January 2014. They are being used to convert all SP1900 trains into 8-car formations to serve the East West Corridor. Previously, they have operated in 4, 7, and 12-car formations on the existing lines.
New community facilities
Tsz Wan Shan station was removed from the 2007 final proposal due to its depth. Because of this, pedestrian facilities with lifts, travellers and covered walkways will be built for the Tsz Wan Shan community, connecting with Diamond Hill station.
On Hong Kong Island, Wan Chai Swimming Pool and Harbour Road Sports Centre were both re-provisioned on alternate sites, as the original buildings were demolished to make way for Exhibition Centre station.
Hongkong Post's International Mail Centre in Hung Hom was also demolished to make way for the line. It was rebuilt in Kowloon Bay and renamed the Central Mail Centre.
Route
From the preexisting Ma On Shan line at Tai Wai station, the Tuen Ma line will continue southwards on an embankment to Hin Keng station, and then head southeast in tunnel towards Kowloon. After Diamond Hill station, the line will turn southwest and continue in tunnel through Ma Tau Chung and To Kwa Wan towards Hung Hom station, interchanging with the Kwun Tong line extension at Ho Man Tin along the way. At Hung Hom, the East West Corridor will connect to the preexisting West Rail line just south of its new platforms at the station and interchange with the East Rail line.
The East Rail line extension will connect to the East Rail line north of Hung Hom station, adjacent to the southern portal of the tunnel under Princess Margaret Road (Tunnel 1A); and will enter a tunnel to new platforms at Hung Hom station, interchanging with the Tuen Ma line. The line will then traverse under Victoria Harbour, through an immersed tube tunnel (Contract 1121), largely parallel to the Cross-Harbour Tunnel to its west, and then continue in tunnel westwards from the New Causeway Bay Typhoon Shelter to Exhibition Centre and Admiralty stations.
The Kwun Tong line extension, an associated project completed in late 2016, is a southeast extension of the Kwun Tong line from Yau Ma Tei station to Ho Man Tin station, where there will be an interchange to the Tuen Ma line. The line then continues under Wuhu Street and Tak On Street to a single dead-end platform at Whampoa station.
Stations
Naming
At initial stage, Sung Wong Toi station was named as To Kwa Wan station, while To Kwa Wan station was named as Ma Tau Wai station. Yet, such naming did not please adjacent community as geographically former To Kwa Wan station was not recognised as part of To Kwa Wan. Therefore, MTR internally amended the naming but had not been revealed to public until 2017 Panel on Transport of Legislative Council.
Notes
References
Proposed buildings and structures in Hong Kong
Tuen Ma line
Standard gauge railways in Hong Kong
Immersed tube tunnels in Hong Kong
East Rail line
Stennis International Airport is a public use airport in Hancock County, Mississippi, United States. Owned by the Hancock County Port and Harbor Commission, the airport is located eight nautical miles (15 km) northwest of the central business district of Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2019-2023, which categorized it as a general aviation facility.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned HSA by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
History
During World War II, the airport was known as Hancock County Airport until it was renamed for Mississippi Senator John C. Stennis. It was used as an auxiliary training airfield supporting the Army pilot training school at Gulfport Army Airfield. It eventually opened for civil use in May 1970.
Facilities and aircraft
Stennis International Airport covers an area of 591 acres (239 ha) at an elevation of 23.3 feet (7 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring 8,497 by 150 feet (2,590 x 46 m).
For the 12-month period ending January 31, 2019, the airport had 63,600 aircraft operations, an average of 174 per day: 90% general aviation and 10% military.
At that time there were 25 aircraft based at this airport: 80% single-engine, 16% multi-engine, and one jet.
See also
Mississippi World War II Army Airfields
List of airports in Mississippi
References
External links
Stennis International Airport at Hancock County Port and Harbor Commission
A Million Air: Stennis, the fixed-base operator (FBO)
Aerial image as of February 1998 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Mississippi
Buildings and structures in Hancock County, Mississippi
Transportation in Hancock County, Mississippi
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Mississippi
The Blacks (originally called 'The Black Family') were an insurgent country band from Chicago, IL. They released two albums through Bloodshot Records.
Career
The group formed when Danny Black (then called Danny McDonough) met Gina Black. Danny had previously played with a psychedelic hard rock band called 'Cornmother'. The band made its first live performance in 1995. They signed to Bloodshot Records two years later and released their first album, Dolly Horrorshow, in 1998. After one more album, Just Like Home in 2000, the group disbanded.
In 2006, the band reunited for a concert at the "Taste of Randolph" in Chicago.
In 2010, the band reunited to record the 6-song In Sickness and Health digital download EP.
Discography
Albums
Dolly Horrorshow (1998, Bloodshot Records)
Just Like Home (2000, Bloodshot)
EPs
In Sickness and Health (2010, 6-song digital download, Bloodshot)
Compilation appearances
"The New World" on Poor Little Knitter on the Road
"Why Drunky?" on Down to the Promised Land
"Poncho's Lament" on "New Coat of Paint" - Tom Waits tribute album
"Fake Out Jesus" (covered by The Great Crusaders) on "While No One Was Looking: Toasting 20 Years of Bloodshot Records" (Bloodshot)
Reception
"Talk about first impressions. The Blacks grab the audience's attention just by walking onstage -- part hillbilly punk band, part cabaret troupe from Berlin's red-light district. With her false eyelashes, form-fitting party dress and a pair of nymphs painted on the body of her upright bass, the statuesque Gina Black alone would be enough to stop traffic on Lake Shore Drive." (Greg Kot, Chicago Tribune, 1999)
"These are the Blacks, and they are one of the finest rock & roll bands you'll hear this year." (Steve Pick, Riverfront Times, 1999)
"The Blacks, a Chicago trio with a penchant for fabulously queasy love songs, know how to make an entrance. Once the statuesque Gina Black took the stage at a local club in a dominatrix get-up. Leashed to her was bandmate Danny Black, dressed as a dog-collared Madison Avenue executive. It was arguably the most elaborate of the Blacks' sartorial pranks, but one that probably won't be soon repeated." (Greg Kot, Chicago Tribune, 2000)
"While making two albums for Bloodshot Records — "Dolly Horrorshow" (1998) and " Just Like Home" (2000) — the quartet created a sound and put on a show like nobody else, a cocktail of hillbilly punk, garage rock, red-light-district blues and cabaret, a dash of glam swagger and sensuality, and killer harmonies." (Greg Kot, Chicago Tribune, 2010)
Members
Danny Black (Danny McDonough) — vocals, guitar, trumpet
Gina Black — standup bass, vocals, harmonica
Nora O'Connor — guitar, vocals
James Emmenegger — drums
References
External links
Bio @ Bloodshot Records
Musical groups from Chicago
Bloodshot Records artists
Stade Auto Lyon, commonly abbreviated as SA Lyon or SAL, is a French basketball club that is based in Lyon, now disappeared from the high and mid level of French professional leagues.
History
The year 1916 marks the creation by the founder of Berliet automobiles, Marius Berliet, of Union Sportive Berliet for enterprise workers can practice sports. Several sections were open: basketball, rugby, football, etc.
During the Second World War the club goes out and, in 1944, founded the Stade Berliet . The following year a new name finally adopted and it was Stade Auto Lyon . The SAL was the first sports club in the Lyon region from 1949 to 1970. The basketball section for nine seasons, belonged to the elite championship of France for a record of 82 wins, 4 draws and 72 defeats in 158 matches.
The club won the French Cup in 1960–61 against the PUC and finished second in the championship in 1959–60, 1960–61 and 1967–68 seasons.
The 1968–69 season, SAL took part for first and only time in the European Cup Winners Cup where they were eliminated in the second round by the Bulgarian Levski-Spartak (crashing defeat in Sofia with 53–85 and victory in Lyon with a score of 75–63).
Honours
Total titles: (2)
French Cup
Winners (1): 1960–61
French League 2
Winners (1): 1956–57
Notable players
Jacques Cachemire
Bernard Fatien
Pierre Galle
Bernard Lamarque
Gérard Lespinasse
Robert Monclar
Christian Petit
Albert Demeyer
Michel Housse
Head coaches
André Buffière
Basketball teams in France
Sport in Lyon
1948 establishments in France
Basketball teams established in 1948
The clubs competition for rhythmic gymnastics at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines was held from 6 to 7 December 2019 at Rizal Memorial Coliseum.
Schedule
All times are Philippine Standard Time (UTC+8).
Results
Qualification
Final
References
Clubs
Aegisthidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera
Genera:
Aegisthus Giesbrecht, 1891
Ameliotes Por, 1969
Andromastax Conroy-Dalton & Huys, 1999
References
Copepods
Harragas, sometimes spelled Haraga (Harrag in the singular form) (from Algerian Arabic حراقة, ḥarrāga, ḥarrāg, "those who burn") are North African migrants who illegally immigrate to Europe or to European-controlled islands sometimes in makeshift boats. The term Harraga literally means “to burn” alluding to the migrants practice of burning their Identity papers and personal documents in order to prevent identification by authorities in Europe. The North African men who partake in illegal migration refer to themselves as Harragas (burners).
The Harraga are from the Maghreb, they are specifically Algerians, Moroccans, or Tunisians and are predominantly men between the ages of twenty and thirty five years old. The term Harraga is also used in reference to the act of covertly crossing over a country's border or transgression of a law. It can also refer to smugglers and human-traffickers who directly facilitate regular and irregular migration.
Etymology
Harraga (in ar: حراقة), Harraga is an Algerian neologism created from the Arabic word “hrag,” meaning “burn” or “those who burn” the borders. It is used to describe irregular North African migrants who attempt to leave for Europe by boat. The verb 'to burn' can also mean 'to jump a queue' or to 'run a light'. The word derives from Moroccan or Algerian Arabic, designating "those who burn.", meaning those who burn their ID-papers and seek their fortune as asylum-seekers in Europe. The Harraga is the action of "burning the borders and the sea."
General
The earliest references to the phenomenon of irregular migration of undocumented North African migrants (Harraga) to Europe can be traced to the 1980s. The Harraga who migrate to Europe do not necessarily come from the least educated or the poorest communities in their respective countries.
On the Mediterranean coast of North Africa, Algerian, Tunisian, and Moroccan harragas typically hope to cross the Strait of Gibraltar in order to reach Spain, specifically the Spanish regions of Andalusia, Ceuta and Melilla. Additionally, harragas also sometimes manage to complete the voyage from Africa to the island nation of Malta, or the Italian island of Lampedusa. From here they often go on to emigrate to other regions of Europe.
On the Atlantic coast of North Africa, Mauritanian and Senegalese harragas set off in hope of reaching the Spanish-controlled Canary Islands in small, flat-bottomed boats referred to in Spanish as "patera", or in rigid or inflatable rafts, (such as "Zodiac" rafts), or even paddle boats. Obviously, boats such as these are not designed for ocean crossings and the death rates for harragas are very high. The motivations for undertaking this extremely risky act are twofold: profound economic poverty and extreme political repression, both widespread throughout North Africa.
Film
Algerian film director started shooting a film entitled Harraga Blues February 6, 2011. The project is currently still in production.
Bibliography
Sansal, Boualem. Harraga, (Gallimard, 2007) (French)
Sansal, Boualem. Harraga, (Merlin, 2007) (German)
Lozano, Antonio. Harraga, (Zech, Tenerife 2011, first ed. Zoela, Granada 2002) (Spanish)
Lozano, Antonio. Harraga, (Zech, Tenerife 2011) (German)
Arianna Obinu. Harraga, il sogno europeo passa attraverso la Sardegna (2006-2012), Livorno, Edizioni Erasmo, 2013 (Italiano) ()
References
Migrants of the European migrant crisis
Society of Malta
Zigon Township is a township in the Tharrawaddy District of the Bago Region in Burma. The principal town is Zigon.
References
External links
Township map of Sagaing Region, Myanmar Information Management Unit (MIMU)
Townships of the Bago Region
Tharrawaddy District
The Himalayan prinia (Prinia crinigera) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae. It was formerly lumped in with the striped prinia (P. striata) as the striated prinia.
It is found in the Indian Subcontinent and parts of China, with its range generally following the Himalayas. It is distributed in the countries of Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, Bhutan, Nepal, and the Yunnan Province in China. Populations in Myanmar, most of China, and Taiwan are now considered belonging to P. striata following a 2019 study. Both P. crinigera and P. striata are sympatric in the Yunnan Province.
There are four known subspecies: P. c. striatula, which is known from the mountains of Afghanistan and west Pakistan; P. c. crinigera, which is distributed from north Pakistan to Arunachal Pradesh in northeast India; P. c. yunnanensis, which is restricted to the northwestern Yunnan Province in China, and P. c. bangsi in the southeastern Yunnan Province. P. c. bangsi was formerly considered a subspecies of Deignan's prinia (formerly the brown prinia) until the 2019 study.
References
Himalayan prinia
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of Afghanistan
Himalayan prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lanfranco Borsini is an Italian lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1982 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Living people
Keanu Marqheal Marsh-Brown (born 10 August 1992) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Kuching City. Born in England, he represents Guyana internationally.
Club career
Fulham
Marsh-Brown graduated through the Fulham Academy to sign professional forms in summer 2009. He was on the bench for a number of Fulham's key knock-out games during their run to the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final, including those against Shakhtar Donetsk and Juventus, but he remained on the bench on each occasion. In November 2010, there were reports that both Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester City were considering making £500,000 offers for the player. In January 2011, Marsh-Brown signed an extension to his contract, keeping him at the club until June 2013. Later that month he joined League One side Milton Keynes Dons on a one-month loan deal. Impressing the Dons, his loan spell was extended to the end of the season. He made his senior debut on 2 February 2011, replacing Lewis Guy 68 minutes into a 2–1 win at Bristol Rovers. Three days later he got his second start, in a 2–2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough. On 12 February, he scored his first senior goal, earning the Dons a 1–1 draw at home to Brentford. On 30 August 2011, Marsh-Brown signed on loan for Dundee United until mid January 2012, with the option to extend the deal until the end of the 2011–12 season. He joined his Fulham teammate Lauri Dalla Valle at Dundee United, who have links with Fulham via their reserve team coach, ex-United player Billy McKinlay. After only one appearance he returned to Fulham. In November 2011, Marsh-Brown left Fulham by mutual consent.
Oldham Athletic
After a two-week trial, Marsh-Brown joined League One side Oldham Athletic on 30 January 2012 on a deal to the end of the season, with an option to extend for a further season. Oldham manager Paul Dickov said: "I saw a lot of Keanu last season and he looked one of the best players in our division. The boy has bags and bags of ability, as well as raw pace, and he is a signing who excites me having followed his career for a long time."
He made his club debut the same day as a substitute in a Football League Trophy match against Chesterfield. He scored his first goal for Oldham in a 1–1 draw against Colchester United on 28 February. Marsh-Brown received a red card for a two-footed tackle in a 2–1 loss against Scunthorpe United on 6 March.
Yeovil Town
On 29 May 2012, Marsh-Brown joined League One side Yeovil Town following his release from Oldham Athletic and signed a one-year deal.
He scored in Yeovil's 3–0 win over Colchester United in the League Cup on 14 August 2012 and got the opening goal against Scunthorpe on 25 August 2012 in a 4–0 win for Yeovil.
On 25 January 2013, having fallen out of favour at Yeovil Town the club and Marsh-Brown agreed to cancel his contract by mutual agreement.
Barnet
Marsh-Brown joined Barnet on 28 March 2013 until the end of the season. He scored the winner on his debut against AFC Wimbledon on 1 April 2013. In June 2013, he signed with Barnet for the 2013–14 season. After 13 goals for the Bees in 2013–14, Marsh-Brown was transfer-listed to raise funds. Manager Martin Allen said: "As a club we need to increase the funds in the budget, I have explained this to Keanu and he can, without a shadow of a doubt, go on to play in League One and win games".
Marsh-Brown fell out of favour in the 2014–15 season, with Mauro Vilhete, Lee Cook, Luisma and Adam Mekki all preferred by Martin Allen. Bids from Blackpool and Luton Town on transfer deadline day were rejected by the club, while the player himself turned down a move to Forest Green Rovers. He had a trial Peterborough United in November 2014.
Marsh-Brown made just 11 appearances in all competitions in the 2014–15 season. Notably, he was not given a league winner's medal at the end of the season, unlike other players who had made fewer appearances. In June 2015, the Bees took up an option to extend Marsh-Brown's contract.
Forest Green Rovers
Marsh-Brown joined Forest Green on trial in June 2015, and later signed on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee. He made his debut on the first day of the 2015–16 season in a 1–0 away win over Altrincham.
He helped the club reach the 2015–16 National League play-offs, and scored the semi-final winning goal against Dover Athletic on 7 May 2016 that helped the club reach the play-off final. He played the full 90 minutes in the play-off final at Wembley Stadium on 15 May 2016, scoring with a long-range strike, but could not prevent the club missing out on promotion to the Football League in a 3–1 loss to Grimsby Town.
The following 2016-17 National League season saw him play again at Wembley Stadium with Forest Green for the play-off final which this time saw a 3–1 win over Tranmere Rovers earn the club a first ever promotion to the Football League.
At the end of the 2017–18 season, Forest Green announced that Marsh-Brown would be one of the players that would not be offered a new contract at the club.
Dover Athletic (loan)
Marsh-Brown joined National League team Dover Athletic on loan from Forest Green in March 2018. He scored twice on his debut at home against leaders Macclesfield Town as Dover won 2–0. He was used mainly as a substitute for the rest of the season making just one more start the following week away at Barrow. He scored late on in the final day away at Woking as Dover won 2–1, relegating Woking but finishing outside of the play-offs on goal difference.
Newport County
On 22 June 2018 Marsh-Brown joined Newport County on a two-year deal. He made his debut for Newport on 4 August 2018 in a 3-0 League Two defeat against Mansfield Town. On 30 March 2019 he scored his first goal for Newport in the 3-1 League Two wins against Yeovil Town. He was part of the team that reached the League Two playoff final at Wembley Stadium on 25 May 2019. Newport lost to Tranmere Rovers, 1-0 after a goal in the 119th minute.
His contract at Newport was terminated by mutual consent on 23 December 2019.
Memphis 901 FC
On 17 January 2020, USL Championship side Memphis 901 FC announced his signature.
Gloucester City
On 22 December 2020, Marsh-Brown joined National League North side Gloucester City.
Wrexham
On 10 April 2021, Marsh-Brown joined Wrexham on a non-contract basis, one of three signings that day. He made three appearances for the Welsh club before the end of the season. He was not offered a contract, but was invited back to pre-season training in summer 2021.
East Riffa
Marsh-Brown signed for Bahraini Premier League club East Riffa in September 2021.
In February 2022, Marsh-Brown joined Malaysia Premier League side Kuching City.
International career
Marsh-Brown has 4 caps for England U16 and 11 caps for England U17. He was called up to the England C squad for a friendly against a Latvia U-23 team on 10 September 2013, and played the entire game, which England lost 1–0. He was capped six times between 2013 and 2016.
In March 2015, Marsh-Brown was called up to the Antigua and Barbuda squad for a training camp ahead of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification, alongside younger brother Kyjuon.
In March 2019 he was called up to the Guyana squad alongside his older brother Ronayne Marsh-Brown. He made his international debut for Guyana on 23 March 2019 against Belize and claimed an assist for the second goal in the 2–1 win.
Personal life
Marsh-Brown has three brothers, Kwai, Ky, and Ronayne Marsh-Brown, who are all footballers. His older brother Ronayne also represents the Guyana national team.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results list Guyana's goal tally first.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Hammersmith
Citizens of Guyana through descent
Guyanese footballers
Guyana international footballers
2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
English footballers
England youth international footballers
England semi-pro international footballers
Guyanese people of Antigua and Barbuda descent
English people of Guyanese descent
Sportspeople of Guyanese descent
English sportspeople of Antigua and Barbuda descent
Association football midfielders
Arsenal F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Milton Keynes Dons F.C. players
Dundee United F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Yeovil Town F.C. players
Barnet F.C. players
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Scottish Premier League players
USL Championship players
Bahraini Premier League players
Dover Athletic F.C. players
Newport County A.F.C. players
Memphis 901 FC players
Gloucester City A.F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
East Riffa Club players
Kuching City F.C. players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Bahrain
English expatriate sportspeople in Bahrain
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
English expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
The pygmy bushtit (Aegithalos exilis) is a species of bird in the bushtit family Aegithalidae. The species was once placed, along with the rest of its family, with the true tits, Paridae.
It is endemic to Indonesia, where it occurs only on the island of Java. On Java it is restricted to montane forests and plantations above (occasionally down to ) in the west of the island. It frequents conifer forest and other open forest types, and is often encountered on the forest edge.
The pygmy bushtit is the smallest member of its family, and the smallest passerine. It is in length.
The pygmy bushtit was formerly placed in its own monotypic genus Psaltria. It was moved to the current genus Aegithalos based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2016.
References
pygmy bushtit
Birds of Java
pygmy bushtit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The sport of ski jumping has seen the use of numerous different techniques, or "styles", over the course of its more than two-hundred-year history. Depending on how the skis are positioned by an athlete, distances have increased by as much as within the past century.
Kongsberger
The Kongsberger technique (Norwegian: Kongsbergknekk) was created by Jacob Tullin Thams and Sigmund Ruud in Kongsberg, Norway. Developed after World War I, the technique was characterised by the athlete's upper body being bent at the hip, with arms extended at the front in the manner of a "superhero", and skis held parallel to each other. Sometimes the arms would be waved or 'flapped' around vigorously in a bird-like manner. This technique extended jumping lengths from to over , and was used in ski jumping until being superseded by the Windisch and Däscher techniques in the 1950s.
Windisch
The Windisch technique, created by Erich Windisch in 1949, was a modification of the Kongsberger technique. The athlete's arms are instead placed backwards toward the hips for a closer, more aerodynamic lean.
Parallel/classic/Däscher
The parallel style, classic style, or Däscher technique was created by Andreas Däscher in the 1950s, as a modification of the Kongsberger and Windisch techniques. No longer was the upper body bent as much at the hip, enabling a flatter, more aerodynamic position in the air. This style became the standard for ski jumping as a whole until the development of the V-style. In the 1980s, Matti Nykänen created a variation of the parallel style in which the skis were pointed diagonally off to the side in order to increase surface area, essentially forming a crude "half 'V'".
V-style
The V-style, sometimes called the Graf–Boklöv technique, remains the sport's most recent significant technique change, with the ski tips spread outwards in a highly aerodynamic "V" shape. It became the predominant jumping technique following the Däscher/parallel style, which was last used in the early 1990s.
The originator of the V-style was Mirosław Graf, a Polish ski jumper from Szklarska Poręba. Graf discovered the technique as a child in 1969, but it was not taken seriously by his contemporaries. He was nonetheless aware that the V-style was highly effective, as his jumps became considerably longer.
In the early 1980s, Steve Collins used a modified variation of the V-style, or "delta style", with the ski tips held together in front instead of at the rear. Collins was the youngest winner of a World Cup event at the age of fifteen, but his technique never caught on. During this era, any technique aside from the parallel style was considered inappropriate by FIS judges. Although it enabled much longer jumps – up to ten per cent more than the parallel style – judges made it an issue to award poor marks to those who used it.
The V-style only became recognised as valid by judges in the early 1990s, following wins and high rankings by Jan Boklöv, Jiří Malec and Stefan Zünd, who insisted on using the technique despite receiving low style points. By the mid-1990s it had become the predominant style of jumping used by all athletes, and was therefore no longer penalised as it had proven to be both safer and more efficient than the parallel style.
H-style
In the H-style, the skis are spread very wide apart and held parallel in an "H" shape, with minimal or no V-angle. A lesser-used technique as of 2018, it is prominently used by Domen Prevc, Léa Lemare, and Nika Križnar.
See also
Ski flying#Technique changes: parallel to V-style
References
External links
Olympic Ski Jumping History
Techniques
Ski flying
Heinrich Botho Scheube (August 18, 1853 – 4 March 1923) was a German physician born in Zeitz.
In 1876 he earned his doctorate from the University of Leipzig, and following graduation remained in Leipzig as an assistant in Carl Wunderlich's clinic for internal medicine. From 1877 to 1881 he taught classes at the medical school in Kyoto and was director at a government hospital. Prior to his return to Germany, he visited China, Siam, Java and Ceylon. In 1885 he received his habilitation at Leipzig, and subsequently practiced medicine in Greiz, a town in eastern Thuringia.
Scheube is largely known for his investigations of beriberi. He also studied diseases prevalent in the tropics, and contributed a number of articles in the field of tropical medicine to Eulenburg's Realencyklopädia. While in Japan he conducted research of Ainu culture and customs.
Selected publications
Die Ainos (The Ainu), 1881
Klinische Propädeutik (Clinical propaedeutics), 1884
Weitere Beiträge zur pathologischen Anatomie und Histologie der Beriberi (Additional contributions to the pathological anatomy and histology of beriberi), 1884
Klinische Beobachtungen über die Krankheiten Japans (Clinical observations on diseases of Japan) in Virchows Archiv, 1885
Die Beriberi-Krankheit (The berberi disease), 1894
Die Krankheiten der warmen Länder (Diseases of tropical countries), 1896
Research
Pagel Biographical Dictionary (translated from German)
Early European Writings on Ainu Culture by Kirsten Refsing
1923 deaths
1853 births
People from Zeitz
People from the Province of Saxony
German tropical physicians
Anthropologists of the Ainu
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Yamauchi was born in Hyogo Prefecture on September 4, 1978. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he joined J1 League club Cerezo Osaka in 2001. He played many matches as side back from first season. However the club finished at bottom place and was relegated to J2 League. In 2002 season, his opportunity to play decreased and he retired end of 2002 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Kwansei Gakuin University alumni
Association football people from Hyōgo Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Cerezo Osaka players
Association football defenders
Rhys Morgan Richards is a former New Zealand diplomat and a current historian and ethnographer. He has written extensively on maritime history and Pacific artifacts and art. He has also spoken on these subjects on New Zealand radio and at many conferences and seminars around the world.
Early life
He attended the University of Canterbury in Christchurch where he completed a Master of Arts degree. The title of his MA thesis is, An historical geography of Chatham Island (1962).
Diplomat
After graduating from university he worked as a career diplomat in the New Zealand Foreign Service. His diplomatic postings included New York, Hong Kong, Manila, Geneva, Apia, and Honiara .
He was responsible for overseeing New Zealand government aid to Melanesia.
From 1996 to 1999 he was the New Zealand High Commissioner to the Solomon Islands.
He was a programme editor, writer and presenter for Radio New Zealand International. He has served as chairman of the Pacific Conservation and Development Trust.
In retirement he and his wife Margaret live in Wellington, New Zealand. They have three children.
Historian
He has written many books, journal articles, chapters in books, book reviews and articles in newspapers. He has also contributed content to online resources, such as The Encyclopedia of New Zealand and the British Southern Whale Fishery website.
Richards served on the committee of the Friends of the Turnbull Library (2000-2016).
In the year 2000, he was presented with the 16th annual L. Byrne Waterman Award for his "outstanding contribution to maritime history," in a ceremony at The Kendall Whaling Museum, Massachusetts.
In 2002, he held a Visiting Research Fellowship for Pacific Arts at the Sainsbury Research Unit at the University of East Anglia.
In 2008, he was awarded a Tasmanian Research Fellowship by the State Library of Tasmania.
He describes his research as, “strongly committed to testing prevailing generalities through quantitive research drawing on primary materials.”
Select bibliography
Whaling and sealing at the Chatham Islands (1982), Canberra, Roebuck,
Which Pakeha ate the last Moa, (1986) Wellington, Paremata Press.
(editor), Frederick Hunt of Pitt Island, (1990), Petone, New Zealand, Lithographic Services,
(with R. A. Pierce), Captain Simeon Metcalfe: Pioneer fur trader in the Pacific Northwest, Hawaii and China, 1787-1794, (1991) Kingston, Ontario, Limestone Press,
(with Jocelyn Chisholm) Bay of Islands shipping arrivals and departures 1803-1840 (1992) Wellington, Paremata Press,
Samoa's forgotten whaling heritage; American whaling in Samoan waters 1824-1848 (1992) Apia, Western Samoa Historical and Cultural Trust,
(editor) David Holmes, My 70 years on the Chatham Islands; reminiscences, (1993), Christchurch, Shoal Bay Press,
Into the South Seas: The Southern whale fishery comes of age on the Brazil Banks, 1765 to 1812; A review of the whaling activities of American, British, French, Spanish and Portuguese whalemen off Brazil and Patagonia before 1812, (1993) Wellington, Paremata Press & IWC, Brazil,
United States trade with China 1784-1814, (1994) Salem, Massachusetts, Special Supplement to Vol 54 of The American Neptune,
The Foveaux yarns of Yankee Jack; Burr Osborn's adventures in southern New Zealand in 1845, (1995), Dunedin, Otago Heritage Press,
Murihiku re-viewed: a revised history of southern New Zealand from 1804 to 1844, (1995), Wellington, Lithographic Services,
(editor, with translation by Lene Knight) Jorgen Jorgenson's Observations on Pacific trade; and sealing and whaling in Australian waters before 1805 (1996) Wellington, The Paremata Press,
Honolulu centre of trans-Pacific trade; shipping arrivals and departures 1820 to 1840, (2000), Canberra, Pacific Manuscripts Bureau and the Hawaiian Historical Society,
How many whales were killed in Pacific Forum EEZ's: a short review for Pacific Forum States, (2000), Wellington, R. Richards,
(with Margaret Richards) Pacific artifacts brought home by American whalemen; a report by Rhys and Margaret Richards for the New Bedford Whaling Museum; Pacific Islands curiosities, objects, artifacts and art in museums in New England and Long Island, (2000), Wellington, Paremata Press & The New Bedford Whaling Museum,
(editor) The Moriori language of the ancestors on the Chatham Islands: Reo Moriori o nga karapuna o Rekohu (2001), Wellington, Te Taa Haeretahi, the Hand in Hand Press, for the Paremata Press,
Pakeha around Porirua before 1840: sealers, whalers, flax traders and Pakeha visitors before the arrival of the New Zealand Company settlers at Port Nicholson in 1840, (2002) Wellington, Paremata Press,
(with Kenneth Roga) Not quite extinct: Melanesian bark cloth ('tapa') from western Solomon Islands; with interpretations by Reuben Lilo; and illustrations by Jackie Frizelle and Virginia Bond Korda, (February 2005, revised & reprinted October 2005), Wellington, Paremata Press,
Manu Moriori: Human and bird carvings on live Kopi trees on the Chatham Islands, (2007), Wellington, Paremata Press,
Tahiti and the Society Islands; shipping arrivals and departures 1767 to 1852, (2008) Canberra, Pacific Manuscripts Bureau and Jean-Louis Boglio Maritime Books,
Easter Island 1793 to 1861: observations by early visitors before slave raids (2008), Los Osos, California, The Easter Island Foundation,
(with Bill Carter) A decade of disasters; the Chatham Islands from 1866 to 1875, (2009), Wellington, Paremata Press,
Sperm whaling on the Solanders Ground and in Fiordland; a maritime historian's perspective; NIWA Information Series No.76, (2010), Wellington, National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research,
Sealing in the southern oceans, 1788-1833, (2011), Wellington, Paremata Press,
The Austral Islands; history, art and art history, (2012), Wellington, Paremata Press,
Headhunters black and white: three collectors in the western Solomon Islands, 1893 to 1914, (2012) Wellington, Paremata Press,
Captain Charles Bayley, whaling master, 1813-1875, (2014) Hobart, Navarine Publishing/Roebuck,
Foreign visitors to the Cook Islands 1773 to 1840, (2014) Wellington, Paremata Press,
Tracking travelling Taonga: A narrative review of how Maori artifacts got to London from 1798, to Salem in 1802, 1807 and 1812, and elsewhere globally up to 1840, (2015) Wellington, Paremata Press,
Bold captains: trans-Pacific exploration and trade 1780-1830, Vol 1 & 2, (2017) Wellington, Paremata Press,
Moriori: origins, lifestyles and language, (2018) Wellington, Paremata Press,
Kuphus polythalamia: alive or dead in the Western Solomon Islands?, (2019), Wellington, Paremate Press,
(editor with Graeme Broxam), The last of the sail whalers: whaling off Tasmania and southern New Zealand / by Captain William McKillop (1865-1938), (2019) Hobart, Navarine Publishing.
The First Pakehas around Wellington and Cook Strait: 1803 to 1839, (2020) Wellington, Paremata Press,
Maori who went sperm whaling before 1840, (2021) Wellington, Paremata Press,
References
Historians of the Pacific
Living people
20th-century New Zealand historians
New Zealand maritime historians
University of Canterbury alumni
20th-century New Zealand male writers
21st-century New Zealand historians
Historians of the British Empire
Maritime historians
New Zealand diplomats
New Zealand public servants
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand book and manuscript collectors
María Vento-Kabchi and Angelique Widjaja were the defending champions, but lost in quarterfinals to Svetlana Kuznetsova and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario.
Anastasia Myskina and Ai Sugiyama won the title by defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario 6–3, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Official results archive (ITF)
Official results archive (WTA)
2004 WTA Tour
Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic
Sport in Indonesia
Japanese football in 2011
J.League Division 1
J.League Division 2
Japan Football League
Japanese Regional Leagues
Emperor's Cup
J.League Cup
Japanese Super Cup
Suruga Bank Championship
FIFA Club World Cup
National team (Men)
Results
Players statistics
Goal scorers
National team (Women)
Results
Players statistics
Notes
References
Seasons in Japanese football
Daemilus rufus is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 16 mm. The wings are brownish ferruginous, but more cream along the costa, with sparse darker fine strigulae (streaks). The subapical blotch is slender and much darker than the ground colour. The hindwings are brown.
Etymology
The specific epithet refers to colouration of the forewing and is derived from Latin rufus (meaning rust).
References
Moths described in 2009
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The 1963 Vermont Catamounts football team was an American football team that represented the University of Vermont in the Yankee Conference during the 1963 NCAA College Division football season. In their second year, under head coach Bob Clifford, the team compiled a 6–2 record.
Schedule
References
Vermont
Vermont Catamounts football seasons
Vermont Catamounts football
NLRB v. Columbian Enameling & Stamping Co., 306 U.S. 292 (1939), is a US labor law case where the US Supreme Court held 5-to-2 that the National Labor Relations Act required decisions of the National Labor Relations Board (Board) to be based on substantial evidence. The Supreme Court overturned a ruling of the Board (requiring an employer to rehire striking workers) for not being based on substantial evidence. The Court also held that only the representative of the workers (the union) could issue collective bargaining proposals under the law, and that proposals transmitted by a third party did not trigger the Act's protections or duties.
Facts
Columbian Enameling & Stamping Co. manufactured metal utensils in Terre Haute, Indiana. It recognized a labor union of its employees and signed a one-year collective bargaining agreement on July 14, 1934, which provided for arbitration of disputes and barred work stoppages (pending arbitration). Over the next seven months, the company and union met repeatedly to discuss and negotiate over the union's demands, which included a closed shop and the dismissal of all workers the union had suspended for non-payment of dues. The union struck on March 23, 1935, and the strike turned into a lockout on March 30. The plant reopened with strikebreakers on July 23, 1935. During the strike, the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) became law. The Board attempted to mediate an end to the strike in July and August, but to no avail. The union submitted proposals to the employer in September and October, but received no reply.
On February 14, 1936, the NLRB held Columbian Enameling & Stamping in violation of the NLRA for refusing to bargain in good faith with its workers, and ordered all strikebreakers fired and all former employees rehired. The company sued in federal court to have the order overturned.
Judgment
Associate Justice Harlan F. Stone wrote the decision for the majority, joined by Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes and Associate Justices James Clark McReynolds, Pierce Butler, and Owen Roberts.
Stone concluded that the NLRB's decision was not supported by the evidence. The NLRB agents' proposals to the employer did not constitute a request for bargaining under the NLRA, and so the employer's refusal to respond to them was not a violation of the law. The NLRB's conclusions, Stone said, were not based on "substantial" evidence. The majority defined substantial evidence as evidence which "must do more than create a suspicion of the existence of the fact to be established. It is such relevant evidence as a reasonable mind might accept as adequate to support a conclusion, and it must be enough to justify, if the trial were to a jury, a refusal to direct a verdict when the conclusion sought to be drawn from it is one of fact for the jury.
Associate Justice Hugo Black dissented, joined by Associate Justice Stanley Forman Reed. Black concluded that the majority had substituted its own appraisal of the evidence for that of the Board's, which was inappropriate. He also concluded that the majority disregarded the evidence that the mediators were negotiating with the employer on behalf of the union.
{Cquote|To conclude that the company—through its president—was unaware the conciliators were acting at the instance of the Union, and therefore is not to be held responsible for its flat refusal to meet with its employees, is both to ignore the record and to shut our eyes to the realities of the conditions of modern industry and industrial strife." Black also noted that no arbitration was pending, and so the union was not in violation of its contract.
Significance
Initially, the Supreme Court had adopted the "mere scintilla" rule. As defined in Interstate Commerce Commission v. Union Pacific Railroad, 222 U.S. 541 (1912), the Court originally required administrative agencies to provide "more than a scintilla" of evidence. But by the late 1930s, the Court had shifted to the "substantial evidence rule." NLRB v. Columbian Enameling & Stamping Co. is the first significant, lengthy statement of this rule. But the "substantial evidence" test has been criticized as being "largely an exercise in semantics, i.e., an analysis of the words used in writing opinions and not of the extent in which reviewing courts inquired into the facts."
The case was one of the first clear-cut defeats for the Board before the Supreme Court, after an unprecedented string of 15 successes. Along with NLRB v. Fansteel Metallurgical Corp., 306 U.S. 240 (1939) and NLRB v. Sands Manufacturing Co., 306 U.S. 332 (1939), the decision has been called one of the three most significant NLRB cases since NLRB v. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corporation, 301 U.S. 1 (1938) upheld the NLRA's constitutionality. The three cases also expanded the way the Court interpreted the NLRA. Although the justices had previously interpreted the Act solely through the lens of the Commerce Clause (showing strong deference to the Board), now the Court evinced a willingness to apply evidentiary standards to the Board's actions and to impose a less radical interpretation on the law.
See also
US labor law
Notes
References
Davis, Kenneth Culp. Administrative Law. St. Paul, Minn.: West Publishing Co., 1951.
Gross, James A. The Reshaping of the National Labor Relations Board: National Labor Policy in Transition, 1937-1947. Albany, N.Y.: State University of New York Press, 1981.
Matthews, Daniel E. "Administrative Law: The Status of 'Substantial Evidence'." American University Law Review. 3:2 (May 1954).
Ross, William G. The Chief Justiceship of Charles Evans Hughes: 1930-1941. Columbia, S.C.: University of South Carolina Press, 2007.
External links
1939 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Hughes Court
United States labor case law
National Labor Relations Board litigation
The District Council of Hall was a local government area in South Australia from 1878 to 1935.
History
The District Council of Hall was officially proclaimed on 14 November 1878 as constituting the entire Hundred of Hall. It was divided into five wards:
Hoyleton, centred on the township of Hoyleton in the north east of the hundred
Halbury, centred on the township of Halbury in the centre of the hundred
Wakefield, in the south of the hundred beside the Wakefield River
Woodlands, centred on the locality of Woodlands in the north west of the hundred
Watchman's Plains, centred on the locality of Watchman at Watchman's Plain in the west of the hundred
In 1911 a part of the western ward of Watchman's Plains was severed from the Hall council and annexed by the District Council of Balaklava.
From 1930 to 1934, the local government commission appointed under the Local Government Areas Re-arrangement Act, 1929, had proposed several recommendations on amalgamating the district of Hall. Despite being consistently opposed by residents of Hall, the commission declared in 1934 that the Hall district would be amalgamated with the councils of Blyth and Balaklava. On 21 March 1935 it was promulgated that, effective 1 May 1935, the Hoyleton and Woodlands wards in the north would go to Blyth and be known there as the new ward of Hoyleton, and that the remainder would go to Balaklava and constitute the new wards of Halbury and Wakefield.
Neighbouring local government
The following adjacent local government bodies co-existed with the Hall council:
District Council of Blyth (established in 1872) lay immediately north and north west.
District Council of Clare (established in 1853) and the District Council of Upper Wakefield lay north east.
District Council of Upper Wakefield (established 1854) lay immediately east.
District Council of Alma Plains (established 1870) lay south east across the Wakefield River until it became part of District Council of Owen in 1932.
District Council of Dalkey (established 1875) lay immediately south across the Wakefield River until it became part of Owen council in 1932.
District Council of Balaklava (established 1877) lay west and south west.
District Council of Snowtown (established 1888) lay north west from 1889 when the Hundred of Everard was severed from Blyth council and annexed by Snowtown.
References
Hall
1878 establishments in Australia
1935 disestablishments in Australia
The Cascade-Sierra province is a physiographic region of mountains in the western United States, east and adjacent to Pacific Border province and west and adjacent to the Basin and Range Province (in the south) and Columbia Plateau Province (in the north).
About the region
The Cascade-Sierra province stretches approximately from the high desert region of the Mojave Desert in Southern California to just north of the border between British Columbia and the state of Washington.
The region is extremely diverse geologically and ecologically and is commonly divided into two regions: the Cascade Mountains and the Sierra Nevada Mountains. This province is part of a larger physiographic region that extends from Alaska in the north to the southern tip of South America. Several tectonic plates meet and form this region and make it one of the most geologically active places in North America.
The province is home to several national forests, including the Lassen, Modoc, and Plumas National Forests. The Modoc Plateau, an area of high elevation basalt flows between the Medicine Lake Highlands and the Warner Mountains, is also within the region. The ecology of the province is extremely diverse and contains areas of pine, aspen, and cypress forests, mixed conifer and evergreen forests, along with montane meadows, fens, mammoth granite outcroppings, vernal pools, and sagebrush flats.
Cascade Mountain Range
The Cascade Mountains form the northern portion of the Cascade-Sierra province. The Cascades were created from thousands of small, short-lived volcanoes along the Cascadia subduction zone that over millions of years built a foundation of lava and volcanic debris on which the mountains rise. This range includes thirteen major volcanic centers and are part of the Pacific Ocean's Ring of Fire. The two most recent eruptions are the Mount Lassen eruptions from 1914 to 1921, and the Mount St. Helens eruption in 1980.
Sierra Nevada Mountain Range
The Sierra Nevada Mountains form the southern portion of the Cascade-Sierra province. Like the Cascade Range, the Sierra Nevada Range formed from a chain of volcanoes along a subduction zone. However unlike the Cascade volcanoes, those that formed the Sierra Nevada Range are long extinct and buried deep within the earth forming a bed of solidified lava that is responsible for the gray granitic rocks of the Sierra. One of the best known areas in the Sierra Nevada range is Yosemite National Park.
Further reading
Hill, M. (1975). Geology of the Sierra Nevada. Berkeley: University of California Press.
Hill, R. L. (2004). Volcanoes of the Cascades: Their rise and their risks. Guilford, CT: Falcon Press.
Mathews, D. (2017). Natural History of the Pacific Northwest Mountains. Portland, OR: Timber Press.
Mooney, H. A., & Zavaleta, E. (2016). Ecosystems of California. Berkeley, California: University of California Press.
Schoenherr, A. A. (2017). A Natural History of California. Berkeley: University of California Press.
Tabor, R., & Haugerud, R. (1999). North Cascades National Park Geology: A Mountain Mosiac. Washington D.C.: National Park Service, Geologic Resources Division.
See also
Fault (geology)
Geography of California
Geology of the Yosemite area
List of the United States physiographic regions
Mountain formation
Pacific Northwest
Physiographic regions of the world
Plate tectonic
United States physiographic region
References
External links
Map of the Cascade-Sierra province. United States National Park Service.
Physiographic Provinces within the United States. United States National Park Service.
A Tapestry of Time and Terrain: United States physiographic region. United States Geological Survey.
Physiographic sections
Geologic provinces of California
Geologic provinces of the United States
Mountain ranges of British Columbia
Mountain ranges of Northern California
Mountain ranges of Oregon
Mountain ranges of Nevada
Mountain ranges of Washington (state)
North American Cordillera
Pacific Coast Ranges
Regions of Oregon
Regions of California
Regions of Washington (state)
Volcanism of California
Léon Boëllmann (; 25 September 1862 – 11 October 1897) was a French composer, known for a small number of compositions for organ. His best-known composition is Suite gothique (1895), which is a staple of the organ repertoire, especially its concluding Toccata.
Life
Boëllmann was born in Ensisheim, Haut-Rhin, Alsace, the son of a pharmacist. In 1871, at the age of nine, he entered the École de Musique Classique et Religieuse (L'École Niedermeyer) in Paris, where he studied with its director, Gustave Lefèvre, and with Eugène Gigout. There, Boëllmann won first prizes in piano, organ, counterpoint, fugue, plainsong, and composition. After his graduation in 1881, Boëllmann was hired as "organiste de choeur" at the Church of St. Vincent de Paul in the 10th arrondissement of Paris, and six years later he became cantor and organiste titulaire, a position he held until his early death, probably from tuberculosis.
In 1885, Boëllmann married Louise, the daughter of Gustave Lefèvre and the niece of Eugène Gigout, into whose house the couple moved (having no children of his own, Gigout adopted Boëllmann). Boëllmann then taught in Gigout's school of organ playing and improvisation.
As a favoured student of Gigout, Boëllmann moved in the best circles of the French musical world, and as a pleasing personality, he made friends of many artists and was able to give concerts both in Paris and the provinces. Boëllmann became known as "a dedicated teacher, trenchant critic, gifted composer and successful performer ... who coaxed pleasing sounds out of recalcitrant instruments". Boëllmann also wrote musical criticism for L'Art musical under the pseudonym "le Révérend Père Léon" and "un Garçon of the Salle Pleyel".
Boëllmann died in 1897, aged only 35. After the death of his wife the following year, Gigout reared their three orphans, one of whom, Marie-Louise Boëllmann-Gigout (1891–1977), became a noted organ teacher in her own right.
Works
During the sixteen years of his professional life, Boëllmann composed about 160 pieces in all genres. Faithful to the style of Franck and an admirer of Saint-Saëns, Boëllmann nonetheless exhibits a turn-of-the-century Post-romantic aesthetic which, especially in his organ works, demonstrates "remarkable sonorities". His best-known composition is Suite gothique (1895), now a staple of the organ repertoire, especially its concluding Toccata, a piece "of moderate difficulty but brilliant effect", with a dramatic minor theme and a rhythmic emphasis that made it popular even in Boëllmann's day. Boëllmann also wrote motets and art songs, works for piano, a symphony, works for cello, orchestra and organ as well as a cello sonata (dedicated to Jules Delsart), and other chamber works.
List of compositions
Organ
Douze pièces, Op. 16 (1890)
Suite gothique, Op. 25 (1895)
Deuxième suite, Op. 27 (1896)
Les Heures mystiques, Op. 29/30 (1896)
Ronde française, Op. 37 (arr. Choisnel)
Offertoire sur les Noëls
Fantaisie
Piano
Valse, Op. 8
Deuxième valse, Op. 14
Aubade, Op. 15 No. 1
Feuillet d'album, Op. 15 No. 3
2e Impromptu, Op. 15 No. 4
Improvisations, Op. 28
Nocturne, Op. 36
Ronde française, Op. 37
Gavotte
Prélude & fugue
Scherzo-Caprice
Chamber music
Piano Quartet in F minor, Op. 10
Piano Trio in G major, Op. 19
Sonata for Cello and Piano in A minor, Op. 40
Suite for Cello and Piano, Op. 6
2 Pièces for cello and piano, Op. 31
Pièce pour violoncelle et piano
Voice
Conte d'amour, Op. 26 (3 mélodies)
Orchestra
Fantaisie dialoguée, Op. 35, for organ and orchestra
Intermezzo, for orchestra
Ma bien aimée, for voice and orchestra
Rondel, for small orchestra
Scènes du Moyen-Âge, for orchestra
Symphony in F major, Op. 24
Variations symphoniques, Op. 23, for cello and orchestra
Selected recordings
Suite gothique, Op. 25, Deuxième Suite, Op. 27, Offertoire sur des noëls, Carillon et Choral des Douze Pièces Op. 16, Deux esquisses, Fantaisie, Heures mystiques (extracts), Op. 29 & 30, Helga Schauerte-Maubouet, Kuhn organ of Minden cathedral, Germany: Syrius SYR 141374.
References
External links
Concise biography of Boëllmann (same as link above but translated with Google into English)
Detailed biography with some images
Detailed biography with some images (same link as above, but translated with Google into English)
Leon Boëllmann Piano Quartet, Op.10 & Piano Trio, Op.19 Sound-bites
Verset de procession, for organ (From the Sibley Music Library Digital Score Collection)
1862 births
1897 deaths
19th-century classical composers
19th-century French composers
19th-century French male writers
19th-century journalists
19th-century French male musicians
Composers for piano
Composers for pipe organ
French Romantic composers
French classical organists
French composers of sacred music
French male classical composers
French male journalists
French male writers
French music critics
French male organists
People from Haut-Rhin
Composers for pedal piano
Male classical organists
The Lords Spiritual (Women) Act 2015 is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom. It stipulates that whenever a vacancy arises among the Lords Spiritual during the next ten years after the Act comes into force, the position has to be filled by a woman, if there is one who is eligible. In this case, the Act supersedes section 5 of the Bishoprics Act 1878, which would otherwise require "the issue of a writ of summons to that bishop of a see in England who having been the longest bishop of a see in England has not previously become entitled to such writ". It does not apply to the five sees of Canterbury, York, London, Durham or Winchester, which are always represented in the House of Lords.
The Act was passed half a year after the Bishops and Priests (Consecration and Ordination of Women) Measure 2014 authorised the Church of England to appoint women as bishops.
The Act in practice
The first female diocesan bishop, and thus the first female Lord Spiritual due to this Act, was Rachel Treweek in 2015. Consecrated Bishop of Gloucester on 22 July 2015 and enthroned on 19 September 2015, she joined the Lords on 7 September 2015 with the full title The Rt Rev. the Lord Bishop of Gloucester, and was introduced to the House by the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London on 26 October 2015. She made her maiden speech on 7 March 2016.
Since then, Christine Hardman (2016), Viv Faull (2018), Libby Lane (2019) and Guli Francis-Dehqani (2021) have also entered the Lords due to this Act shortly after becoming diocesan bishops. Therefore 5 out of 14 vacant Lords positions occurring in the first 7 years of the Act (as of July 2022) have been filled by women. Without the Act, Treweek and Hardman would only have become Lords Spiritual in late 2021.
In addition (and independently of the Act), Sarah Mullally entered the Lords ex officio when appointed Bishop of London in 2018.
See also
List of bishops in the Church of England, which lists the current Lords Spiritual and the seniority of service of the other diocesan bishops
References
2015 in Christianity
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2015
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning the House of Lords
Reform in the United Kingdom
Women bishops
Women's rights in the United Kingdom
2015 in women's history
The Hindustan Ghadar (Hindi: हिन्दुस्तान ग़दर; Punjabi: : ਹਿੰਦੁਸਤਾਨ ਗ਼ਦਰ; Punjabi , Urdu: ) was a weekly publication that was the party organ of the Ghadar Party. It was published under the auspices of the Yugantar Ashram (Advent of a New Age Ashram) in San Francisco. Its purpose was to further the militant nationalist faction of the Indian independence movement, especially amongst Indian sepoys of the British Indian Army.
In 1912–1913, the Pacific Coast Hindustan Association was formed by Indian immigrants under the leadership of Har Dayal, with Sohan Singh Bhakna as its president, which later came to be called the Ghadar Party. With donations raised with the help of the Indian diaspora, especially with the aid of Indian students at the University of California, Berkeley, the party established the Yugantar Ashram at 436 Hill Street where a printing press was set up with the donations. The first Urdu edition of Hindustan Ghadar appeared on 1 November 1913, followed by a Punjabi edition 9 December 1913.
The issues were first handwritten before being printed on the press. Careful measures were taken to shield the party and its supporters from British intelligence, which included the measure of memorising over a thousand names of the subscribers so that no incriminating evidence could fall into the hands of the British government.
The articles in the paper were initially authored by Har Dayal, with the printing operation run by Kartar Singh Sarabha, then a student of UC Berkeley. Copies of the paper began to be shipped to India with returning Ghadarites and immigrants, and were quickly deemed to be seditious and banned by the British Indian government. Later publications from the Yugantar Ashram included compilations of nationalist compositions and pamphlets, including Ghadar di gunj, Talwar and other publications which were also banned from British India.
References
External links
Echoes of Freedom: South Asian pioneers in California 1899-1965. University of California, Berkeley. Bancroft Library.
.
.
.
Asian-American culture in San Francisco
Ghadar Party
Indian-American culture in California
Literature of Indian independence movement
Newspapers published in San Francisco
Non-English-language newspapers published in California
Pakistani-American culture in California
Punjabi-American culture
Revolutionary movement for Indian independence
Urdu-language newspapers published in the United States
1913 establishments in California
"Bruises" is a song by American pop rock band Train from their sixth studio album, California 37. The song features American country singer Ashley Monroe. It was released as the album's third single on October 5, 2012. "Bruises" was re-recorded with French-Canadian singer Marilou in both English and French for its Canadian single release.
Development
In an interview with Radio.com, Monahan said that he had met Ashley Monroe when she was nineteen, and she wanted to write a song with him, which they eventually did through a contact in Columbia Records. Monahan said that he wrote the song in New York, and it was about running into former high school classmates: "I run into people I went to high school with and realize how much older we are, and how much more we've been through and a lot of it isn't all that fun and it makes us more beautiful if you can see it that way. That song was really easy to write because it is a very true story and Ashley was the perfect girl to sing on it."
Music video
A music video was filmed with Monroe for the U.S. release; it was directed by Alan Ferguson. It premiered on Train's official Vevo account on November 12, 2012. The video was filmed at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre at Red Rocks Park in Colorado.
Live performances
A live recording of the song with Megan Slankard is featured on the California 37 deluxe edition DVD. During the group's June 2012 show at the Sydney Opera House, Train were joined by Australian singer Delta Goodrem on the song.
On February 1, 2013, Train and Ashley Monroe performed the song on VH1's 2013 Best Super Bowl Concert Ever. They performed the song during the Mermaids of Alcatraz Tour that run that summer, and on The Today Show on July 26.
Track listing
Digital download (United States)
"Bruises" – 3:52
Digital download (Canada)
"Bruises" – 3:50
"Bruises" (French version) – 3:50
Charts
As of October 2013, the song has sold 463,000 digital copies in the United States.
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2012 singles
Train (band) songs
Songs written by Espen Lind
Songs written by Amund Bjørklund
Songs written by Pat Monahan
Song recordings produced by Butch Walker
Columbia Records singles
Song recordings produced by Espionage (production team)
Ashley Monroe songs
2012 songs
Music videos directed by Alan Ferguson (director)
Guest in the House (re-release title Satan in Skirts) is a 1944 American film noir directed by John Brahm starring Anne Baxter and Ralph Bellamy.
Lewis Milestone began directing the film in April 1944, but was stricken with appendicitis in May 1944 and collapsed on the set. John Brahm then stepped in to direct.
Plot
Martha Proctor believes something evil has come to her home. Her nephew Dr. Dan Proctor arrives with his betrothed, Evelyn Heath, who is a frail invalid. Evelyn is introduced to Aunt Martha as well as Dan's older brother, Douglas, an illustrator, along with Douglas's wife Ann and his model, Miriam.
The women sympathize with Evelyn, knowing of the hard life she has had. Evelyn has bouts of hysteria, involving her fear of birds, and also keeps a secret diary in which she mocks her fiancé Dan and expresses a desire for Douglas instead.
While plotting to seduce Douglas, and accusing Dan of jealousy to make him leave, Evelyn next sets out to rid the house of Miriam, whom she sees as a rival. Her gossip succeeds in getting back to Aunt Martha and turning everyone's suspicions to Miriam, who departs.
Douglas then quarrels with Ann, driven apart by Evelyn's diabolical schemes. Evelyn goes so far as to destroy the goodbye note Ann has written to him. By the time everyone realizes who's behind all this and decide to commit Evelyn to an asylum, a hysterical Evelyn flees from the house, screaming, and plunges to her death.
Cast
Reception
The film earned a profit of $50,000.
Critical response
Bosley Crowther, the film critic for The New York Times, gave the film a mixed review when it first opened, writing, "For a more cracked and incredible tale than this quaint one of a mischief-making female has not lately disturbed the screen. As a play by Hagar Wilde and Dale Eunson, it had a moderate run, we understand, but as a film it is openly in peril of being laughed into a quick decline. The fault is as much in the story as it is in the handling by all concerned, for the story is cheaply synthetic and about as logical as a crooner's song...Nor is any help rendered by Anne Baxter, who plays the wrecker with so much coyness that anyone, shy of a blind man, could see that she was up to tricks. And Ralph Bellamy is equally ridiculous as a middle-aged Byronic beau who tries to be boyish and amorous and also solemn and wise. Miss MacMahon remains in the background, which is a happy place for one in this film, while Ruth Warrick, Scott McKay and Jerome Cowan get entwined with the torturings up front. Mr. Stromberg is an eminent producer, but his grip certainly slipped on this job."
Accolades
Nominations
Academy Awards: Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture; Werner Janssen; 1945.
See also
List of American films of 1944
References
External links
Review of film at Variety
1944 films
1940s thriller drama films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Films directed by John Brahm
United Artists films
Films based on works by Hagar Wilde
American thriller drama films
1944 drama films
American films based on plays
Films scored by Werner Janssen
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The Zeiss Batis Sonnar T* 2.8/135mm is a full-frame (FE) telephoto prime lens for the Sony E-mount, announced by Zeiss on April 24, 2017.
Though designed for Sony's full frame E-mount cameras, the lens can be used on Sony's APS-C E-mount camera bodies, with an equivalent full-frame field-of-view of 202.5mm.
Build quality
The lens features a minimalist weather resistant plastic construction with a matte black finish and a rubber focus ring. On the top of the lens is the OLED display that highlights the focus distance and depth of field range of the lens, which can be set to display at all times, never, or only when focusing manually.
Optical quality
The Batis 135mm is sharp wide open, with consistent results across the frame. Chromatic aberration is "very low" at less than half a pixel wide open at the image edge. The lens has its sweet spot at around f/4. Vignetting is "far from severe", but there is some noticeable pincushion distortion that can be eliminated with in-camera correction or raw processing.
Reception
Portrait photographer Bing Putney, writing an opinion for SLR Lounge ahead of having tested the lens, suggested that the Zeiss Batis Sonnar T* 2.8/135mm, given its introductory price, should be a stop faster to realistically compete with the Sony 70-200mm f/2.8 G Master or Sigma 135mm f/1.8 DG HSM Art, while also admitting that the Sigma lacks image stabilisation, which the Zeiss has, and requires an adapter to be used on Sony cameras.
See also
List of third-party E-mount lenses
Zeiss Sonnar
References
Camera lenses introduced in 2016
Batis 2.8 135
Jessica "Jessie" Hunkin (born August 24, 1988, née Kaufman) is a Canadian curler from Parkland County, Alberta.
Career
Until joining the Robyn Silvernagle rink in 2018, Hunkin skipped or threw last stones one of the top teams in Alberta. Since forming her rink in 2008, she has won four WCT events: the 2010 Meyers Norris Penny Charity Classic, the 2011 Boundary Ford Curling Classic, the 2012 Iron Trail Motors Shoot-Out and the 2013 Avonair Cash Spiel. Her team were also runners-up at the 2010 Red Deer Curling Classic, the 2013 Shamrock Shotgun and the Boundary Ford Curling Classic.
Hunkin played in her first Grand Slam event at the 2011 Players' Championship where her team won just one game, failing to qualify for the playoffs. The next season, she played in two Grand Slam events. At the 2011 Curlers Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic she won just won match before being eliminated and at the 2011 Manitoba Lotteries Women's Curling Classic her team failed to win a single game. The next season, Team Hunkin did much better at the 2012 Curlers Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic where they won four matches, before being eliminated in a qualifier game against Laura Crocker. At the 2012 Manitoba Lotteries Women's Curling Classic the team won three games before being eliminated and at the 2012 The Masters Grand Slam of Curling she won just one game.
Provincially, Hunkin has played in two provincial championships. At the 2011 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts she and her team were eliminated after winning two matches. The 2012 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts was much more successful for the team. They won the A qualifier, by winning four straight games, and then they won their first page playoff match up against Heather Nedohin. However, Nedohin won her semi-final and faced off against Hunkin in the provincial final, and prevailed, beating her 8-5 and going on to win the national championship and a bronze medal at the world championships. At the following season's provincial Tournament of Hearts, her rink would be eliminated from contention after a 3–3 record.
In 2013, Tiffany Steuber joined the team as skip, but threw third stones. The team began the 2013-14 Grand Slam season by being eliminated after losing their first three games at the 2013 Curlers Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic. At the 2014 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the team won four games, but were eliminated in the C event.
In 2014, Hunkin formed a new team with Crystal Webster skipping and throwing third stones. They played in two slams, the 2014 Curlers Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic, where they won two games and the 2014 Colonial Square Ladies Classic, where they won three games, failing to make the playoffs in either event. At the 2015 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts, they would make it as far as the C2 qualifier final before being eliminated.
In 2015, Hunkin formed yet another new team, this time with her returning to skipping. While her rink didn't play in any slams, they did play in the 2016 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts. There, Hunkin led to her team into the playoffs, where she lost in the semifinal to Chelsea Carey. That same year, Hunkin and Brock Virtue won the Alberta Mixed Doubles Championship, and played in the 2016 Canadian Mixed Doubles Curling Trials. There, the pair went 3–4 in pool play, missing the playoffs.
Hunkin wouldn't return to the Alberta Scotties until 2018. Her team would go through the event without a single win. After that season, Hunkin joined the Robyn Silvernagle Saskatchewan-based rink as the team's second. The team had a strong start to the season, winning the 2018 Red Deer Curling Classic and Saskatchewan Women's Curling Tour events in Humboldt and Saskatoon. With the 2019 Canadian Open being held in North Battleford, the Silvernagle rink qualified for the event as the sponsor's exemption. The team qualified for the playoffs with a 3–1 record in the triple knockout format, before losing to Silvana Tirinzoni in the quarter-final.
The Silvernagle rink won the 2019 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts with a steal in the final end against Sherry Anderson. Representing Saskatchewan at the 2019 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the rink went 8–3 in the round robin and championship pools, before eventually losing the semi-final to Ontario and winning the bronze medal. The team had semi-final and quarterfinal finishes at the 2019 Players' Championship and the 2019 Champions Cup respectively.
Team Silvernagle missed the playoffs in the first two Slams of the 2019–20 season, the Masters and the Tour Challenge. She also competed in her first Canada Cup where her team finished with a 1–5 record. They defended their provincial title at the 2020 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts when they once again bested Sherry Anderson in the final. At the 2020 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Team Silvernagle led Saskatchewan to a 6–5 record, finishing in fifth. It would be the team's last event of the season as both the Players' Championship and the Champions Cup Grand Slam events were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On March 11, 2020, the team announced that Lawton would be stepping back from competitive curling and Thevenot would be leaving the team. Five days later, Silvernagle and Hunkin announced that Kristen Streifel and Dayna Demers would be joining them for the following season.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Saskatchewan, the 2021 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts was cancelled. Despite being the defending provincial champions, Team Silvernagle did not retain three out of four team members from the previous season and could therefore not qualify as the provincial representatives. Team Sherry Anderson was then invited to represent Saskatchewan at the 2021 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, as they had the most points from the 2019–20 and 2020–21 seasons combined, which they accepted. This ended the abbreviated 2020–21 season for the newly formed Silvernagle rink.
Personal life
Hunkin is married and is a manager at Olson Curling Inc.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Canadian women curlers
Curlers from Edmonton
People from Parkland County
Canada Cup (curling) participants
20th-century Canadian women
21st-century Canadian women
The Parting of the Ways is an historic site in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States, where the Oregon and California Trails fork from the original route to Fort Bridger to an alternative route, the Sublette-Greenwood Cutoff, across the Little Colorado Desert. Many wagon trains parted company, some preferring the shorter cutoff route, which involved fifty waterless miles, to the longer but better-watered main route.
The junction is marked by a small sandstone boulder about high, placed by L.C. Bishop and Paul Henderson and inscribed with a left-pointing arrow with "F. Bridger" and aright-pointing arrow with "S. Cut Off." The route was not established by Sublette, but rather a mountain man named Greenwood. The error in attribution arose when Joseph E. Ware's Emigrant's Guide to California (1849) listed the alternate path as the "Sublette Cutoff."
References
External links
photographs at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Parting of the Ways at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Transportation on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Geography of Sweetwater County, Wyoming
Oregon Trail
Road transportation on the National Register of Historic Places
National Register of Historic Places in Sweetwater County, Wyoming
is a senior high school operated by the Tokyo Metropolitan Board of Education, located in Den Enchōfu Minami, Ōta, Tokyo.
References
External links
Tokyo Metropolitan Government Board of Education schools
High schools in Tokyo
Ōta, Tokyo
The 2009 Upper Austrian state election was held on 27 September 2009 to elect the members of the Landtag of Upper Austria.
The Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) made gains but fell just short of an overall majority. The Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) suffered major losses, falling to just under a quarter of the vote, while the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) recovered some of the losses they had taken in the 2003 election. The ÖVP under Governor Josef Pühringer subsequently renewed its working agreement with the Greens which had been signed after the previous election.
Background
The Upper Austrian constitution mandates that cabinet positions in the state government (state councillors, ) be allocated between parties proportionally in accordance with the share of votes won by each; this is known as Proporz. As such, the government is a perpetual coalition of all parties that qualify for at least one state councillor. Despite this, parties still establish formal coalitions to organise cabinet positions and ensure a Landtag majority for legislative purposes.
In the 2003 state election, the ÖVP maintained a small lead over the SPÖ, which achieved a strong swing in its favour while the FPÖ's support collapsed. The Greens achieved a respectable result of 9%, and crucially achieved balance of power in the state government. The ÖVP and SPÖ each won four councillors, while the Greens won one; the FPÖ failed to win any. The ÖVP signed a working coalition with the Greens, giving rise to the first ÖVP–Green government in Austria.
Electoral system
The 56 seats of the Landtag of Upper Austria are elected via open list proportional representation in a two-step process. The seats are distributed between five multi-member constituencies. For parties to receive any representation in the Landtag, they must either win at least one seat in a constituency directly, or clear a 4 percent state-wide electoral threshold. Seats are distributed in constituencies according to the Hare quota, with any remaining seats allocated using the D'Hondt method at the state level, to ensure overall proportionality between a party's vote share and its share of seats.
Contesting parties
The table below lists parties represented in the previous Landtag.
In addition to the parties already represented in the Landtag, three parties collected enough signatures to be placed on the ballot.
Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ)
Communist Party of Austria (KPÖ)
The Christians (DC)
Results
Results by constituency
References
2009 elections in Austria
State elections in Austria
September 2009 events in Europe
Upper Austria
"Put It Down" is a song by American recording artist Brandy, featuring fellow R&B singer Chris Brown. Taken from her sixth studio album Two Eleven (2012), it was written and produced by Sean Garrett, Shondrae "Bangladesh" Crawford and Dwayne "Dem Jointz" Abernathy along with Brown, telling the story of Norwood complimenting a prospective beau on his swag. The bass-heavy, R&B up-tempo track served as Norwood's first release under RCA Records, since signing to Chameleon Records under the label, and was released to US digital outlets on May 4, 2012.
Upon release, "Put It Down" was met by a warm response from critics, who criticized Brown's involvement on the song but generally praised the progressive production and suggestive lyrics. It reached the top forty of the Belgian Ultratop 50 chart as well as the South Korean Gaon Chart and the top-five of the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, marking Norwood's tenth top ten entry and first since “What About Us?” in 2002.
The accompanying music video features interactions with Brown, as well as scenes including Norwood dancing in front of both blue-lit industrial backdrops and artful Jackson Pollock-esque green screens. Filmed in Los Angeles, California and directed by Hype Williams, the clip was creatively moulded by Frank Gatson Jr., and choreographed by Jaquel Knight. The video received general acclaim from critics, who commended the simplicity of the video, while many labeled it as her most fun visual in years. Norwood also teamed up with rappers 2 Chainz and Tyga to remix the single, while rapper Eve released a self-crafted remix on her EVEstylin' Tuesdays series in November 2012.
Background
"Put It Down" was revealed as the name of the album's official leading single in Norwood's interview for True Exclusives. Norwood confirmed the release of the song, following her February 2012 joint single "It All Belongs to Me" with fellow R&B singer Monica, on April 12, and also revealed Brown as a co-writer and vocal feature on the song. On her decision to release it as a single, she commented, "I love taking risks in music and it's great to challenge yourself to be different. That's what I love about the song." In a Billboard interview, Norwood further commented about the track, saying that she "felt like, [when] being gone for such a long time, you need to come back with something strong and shock people. Make them go, 'Wow, who is that? Oh my God, that's Brandy? I didn't' even know she can sound like that. Didn't know she would do a song like that?' Because It's completely different than anything I've ever done."
Musically, the singer described the song as “very commercial, but at the same time, it's got a dope hip-hop influence—it's club, it's radio, it's all formats." In August 2012, Norwood sat for an interview with Nadeska Alexis of MTV News, where she elaborated on how the song was conceptualized. "Chris Brown also wrote a song on the album called "Slower", so naturally he's heard other songs that I've done and he kinda just hopped on "Put It Down" — rapping and singing — and it was organic and very authentic." In this way, Brown ended up co-writing the track for Two Eleven. She further explained, that "when I heard it, I thought, 'This is great,' [because] he brought a whole new flavor to the record. Sean [Garrett] already made it kinda swagged out, but Chris is just the icing on the cake, and I appreciated him for being a part of it and just being so supportive as an artist. He's so great, the girls love him, and I thought it would be great to have him on board."
Composition and lyrics
"Put It Down" was written by Shondrae "Bangladesh" Crawford, Isaiah Watkins, Dwayne "Dem Jointz" Abernathy, and fellow R&B recording artists Sean Garrett, and Chris Brown, while production was handled by Bangladesh and Garrett themselves, featuring co-production by Dem Jointz. The song is a bass-heavy, contemporary R&B up-tempo song featuring tinny percussion and canned claps. It begins with an electronically manipulated voice constantly repeating the song's chorus: "I'mma put it down / you gon' fall in love".
Lyrically, it features Norwood complementing a prospective beau on his swag. "You're talking so tough, damn, I love it all, even the way you flex, that's what turns me on," she sings. Later, according to Idolator blog, Brown adopts a Nicki Minaj-like vocal delivery and raps, "Sippin' on that Brandy, that liquor comes in handy, girl, I know you fancy, but this party I'm financing." In the chorus, Norwood sings: "I'mma put it down / you gon' fall in love."
Critical reception
The song received generally positive reviews from music critics upon its release. Priya Elan from The Guardian called the song "Brandy's best single for ages". He however found that Browns presence on the track was unnecessary and compared it to a "saxophone solo or Vanessa's bits in all of The Saturdays' songs." Robbie Daw of music blog Idolator found that it was "a catchy enough jam that we kind of wish we could hear sans Breezy. But given the lackluster performance of Brandy's previous single, the Monica collab "It All Belongs to Me", hitching up to Brown for a song ahead of her album launch probably seemed like the sensible thing to do." Chuck Arnold of People magazine gave the song three and a half out of four stars and added that "after that underwhelming reunion with Monica, Brandy really seems poised for a long-overdue comeback with this thumping, stuttering banger featuring Chris Brown."
Robert Copsey of Digital Spy found that "after 2008's ballad-packed Human, Brandy has opted for an altogether bouncier sound for the lead cut from her new album Two Eleven. In fact, its sparse beats and a melody that takes a few listens to grow reminds us of 2002's brilliantly hectic Full Moon." Mesfin Fekadu from San Francisco Chronicle felt that the record was "full of swag and one of the year's best thanks to its addictive beat." Andy Kellman from Allmusic declared the song "Two Elevens most upbeat and commercial song" and felt it stuck "out on an album dominated by aching ballads and grown slow jams". Mark Edward Nero from About.com was of the opinion that while Norwood was stepping "out of her musical lane" on "Put It Down" she would manage "to make the track her own and sounds completely comfortable" on it.
Katherine St. Asaph of Popdust gave the song three and a half out of five stars, writing: "Brandy's voice, when not massed into (very nice, mind you) call-and-response, is either kept sliver-thin or made slightly affected, as if someone in the studio kept yelling 'Swag! More Swag!' across the room while she tried to record. Meanwhile, Chris Brown's verse is so chirped and pitch-shifted and accent-addled that you suspect this was meant to say 'featuring Nicki Minaj' before someone at RCA remembered it was supposed to be a hetero love song." Jason Lipshut of Billboard found that "the production pulls back at the right times and takes Brandy's persona into 2012 surprisingly smoothly." In a separate, less enthusiastic review, his Billboard colleague Andrew Hampp called "Put It Down" the weakest song on the album. He felt that it sounded like "the result of what happens when a label asks to hear a current single" and was "noteworthy mostly for its semi-tribute to the dearly departed Bran'Nu." Tanner Stranksy, writer for Entertainment Weekly, also called the track "one of the weakest offerings from an otherwise well-crafted for-the-fans album".
Release and impact
"Put It Down" premiered on April 26, 2012 and was made available for purchase as a digital download in the United States on May 4, 2012. It was sent to US rhythmic and urban radio stations on June 5, 2012. On July 17, footage was released of Norwood practicing for future live performances of the song on entertainment news program Access Hollywood. On July 18, Norwood eventually performed "Put It Down" for the very first time at the Howard Theatre in Washington, D.C. The track had its television premiere on the MDA Show of Strength benefit concert, which aired on September 2, 2012. In October 2012, Norwood performed the single on American TV shows 106 & Park, Good Morning America and Live! with Kelly and Michael. Norwood performed the song, along with "Wildest Dreams", at the "Dick Clark's New Years Rockin Eve" special on January 1, 2013. She was the only R&B performer of the night.
On June 7, 2012, "Put It Down" debuted on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs chart at number 98. It eventually reached number three, marking Norwood's tenth top ten entry as well as her highest-charting single since her 2002 offering "What About Us?". Upon her returns to the top ten, Norwood tweeted, that “I can't lie-at one point I thought it was over for me in music but God had another plan thank you Father!” The song also peaked at number 10 on the US Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, which represents the twenty-five songs which failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, before making its debut at number 95 on the latter chart. It later reached number 65 during its tenth week. In South Korea, "Put It Down" debuted at number 28 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart on May 6, 2012. The following week, it peaked at number 24 for one week. The song also debuted and peaked at number 84 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100.
Music video
Background
An accompanying music video for "Put It Down" was filmed in Los Angeles, California on July 10, 2012. For the visuals, Norwood reunited with director Hype Williams, with whom she had worked on several videos between the years of 1994 and 1995. While Frank Gatson Jr. served as the video's art director, Jaquel Knight handled the choreography. On her collaboration with Gatson, Norwood commented, "he [Gatson] gets the best choreographers when he puts his foot in something so he's really excited about everything that's happening. He loves the song and we are looking forward to working together and making this everything it's to be." Brown also came to the set that day to film extra scenes with Norwood. In an interview with MTV News, the singer admitted that she was initially nervous about her performance in the video, stating:
"I was so shy, because I'm coming into my own as a performer, so I really wanted to do good. Standing next to Chris, he's so vibrant, like, 'What am I gonna do standing there next to him?' But I practiced really hard, like two weeks before Chris practiced — wait, I'm pretty sure Chris didn't need to practice. But I practiced, I was ready [...] Chris was not gonna upstage me! I was gonna be right there along with him shinin' too. I feel like I held it down a little bit, and I definitely did a lot better when Chris wasn't around, because I was shy."
During rehearsals for the video, Norwood posted pictures of her rehearsing on her Instagram account. On August 6, 2012, both Norwood and Brown gave links on Twitter to a preview of the music video. On August 13, 2012, a second teaser was shown on BET's countdown format 106 & Park. The following day, Norwood co-hosted the show and premiered the full video. By September 7, the video had reached the top spot on the countdown.
Synopsis
In the video, Norwood brings back her trademark braids, and she's paired them with a Madonna-esque cone bra, some body jewelry, white pants and a pair of heel-less six-and-a-half-inch high Giuseppe Zanotti leopard wedges. In the video, the singer dances with her girls in front of cars while sporting a head of curls in others. She entices a whole mob of men with her dance moves — they follow her around like lovesick puppies. Chris Brown dances alone in front of the paint-splattered letters for the bulk of his share of the clip, with his muscular, shirtless silhouette contrasting with the bright colors behind him, but gets fully clothes once more to join Norwood for a few scenes. Containing product placement, "Put It Down" advertises Vaio notebooks during the second chorus.
Reception
The video garnered a generally positive reception by reviewers. David Greenwald of Billboard magazine commented that the video was "bringing modern art to the streets" and that it "finds the R&B singer dancing in front of both blue-lit industrial backdrops and artful Jackson Pollock-esque green screens." Robert Copsey of Digital Spy wrote that Norwood and Brown are "seen flirting and dancing against a colourful backdrop" in the clip. Jazmine Gray of Vibe wrote: "Brandy still got it. In the eye-popping, Hype Williams-directed visual for her latest single, the R&B songstress sashays in front of Lambos and splashy backdrops." Similarly, Billy Johnson Jr. of Yahoo! Music commented, "Brandy is looking good and appears to have found her comfort zone when dancing in the "Put It Down" video [...] I was hoping the video would make me like [the song] more, but unfortunately it doesn't, despite the bright colors, Bran's couture looks, and sex appeal." Becky Bain of Idolator, called it "pretty tight, and Brandy looks pretty great."
Jenna Hally Rubenstein of MTV's Buzzworthy Blog noted that the video contains Norwood's "signature braids as she flirts and makes puppy eyes at Chris Brown [...] Not much else happens in the way of plot, but we're totally cool with that because watching Brandy and Chris nail their choreography while almost potentially kissing is waayyyy enough for us to have this vid on repeat basically the entire week. Katie Hasty of HitFix described the video as "big splashes of bold colors – Williams' specialty – and some fresh moves from Brandy and her merry band of street dancers." She, however, noted, that "Brown, meanwhile, dons his favorite pair of painters overalls and pretends to flirt with Brandy. Their chemistry is like that of a cat to a vacuum cleaner."
Track listing
Digital download
"Put It Down" (featuring Chris Brown) – 4:08
Official remix
"Put It Down" (featuring 2 Chainz & Tyga) – 4:08
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Two Eleven.
Songwriting – Shondrae Crawford, Sean Garrett, Chris Brown, Dwayne Abernathy
Production – Bangladesh, Sean Garrett
Programming and additional vocals – Dwayne "Dem Jointz" Abernathy
Recording – Mike "Snotty" Miller
Recording assistance - Cody Sciara
Mixing – Jaycen Joshuaby, Fabian Marasciullo
Mixing assistance - Trehy Harris, Alex Dilliplane
Mastering - Dave Kutch
Charts
Weekly charts
Remix charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2012 singles
Brandy Norwood songs
Chris Brown songs
Music videos directed by Hype Williams
Songs written by Sean Garrett
Song recordings produced by Bangladesh (record producer)
Songs written by Bangladesh (record producer)
Songs written by Chris Brown
2012 songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Dem Jointz
Carenum filiforme is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
filiforme
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
Theodor Tirkkonen (6 February 1883 – 24 April 1951) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1883 births
1951 deaths
Sportspeople from Helsinki
People from Uusimaa Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
The McLean House is a historic house at 470 Ridgeway in Little Rock, Arkansas. It is a -story Colonial Revival wood-frame structure, five bays wide, with a side gable roof and weatherboard siding. The main entrance is distinguished by its surround, with Tuscan columns supporting an oversized segmented-arch pediment. Enclosed porches with paneled and pilastered corners extend to either side of the main block. The house designed by the architectural firm of Thompson and Harding and built around 1920.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Little Rock, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Colonial Revival architecture in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1920
Houses in Little Rock, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Little Rock, Arkansas
Historic district contributing properties in Arkansas
Namshir () may refer to:
Namshir, Kurdistan
Namshir District, in Kurdistan Province
The 7th SS Police Regiment () was named the 7th Police Regiment (Polizei-Regiment 7) when it was formed from existing Order Police (Ordnungspolizei) units for security duties in Occupied Norway. It was redesignated as an SS unit in early 1943. It remained in Norway for most of the rest of World War II.
Formation and organization
The regiment was formed in July 1942 in Wehrkreis VI in Western Germany. Police Battalion 309 (Polizei-Batallion 309), Police Battalion 317 and Police Battalion 123 were redesignated as the regiment's first, second and third battalions, respectively. The regiment was transferred to Norway shortly after formation. In July 1943, the regimental headquarters and I Battalion were stationed in Trondheim, II Battalion was in Spillum, and III Battalion was in Narvik. All of the police regiments were redesignated as SS police units on 24 February 1943.
Notes
References
Arico, Massimo. Ordnungspolizei: Encyclopedia of the German Police Battalions, Stockholm: Leandoer and Ekholm (2010).
Tessin, Georg & Kannapin, Norbert. Waffen-SS under Ordnungspolizei im Kriegseinsatz 1939–1945: Ein Überlick anhand der Feldpostübersicht, Osnabrück, Germany: Biblio Verlag (2000).
The 1998 United States Senate election in Connecticut was held November 3, 1998 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Chris Dodd won re-election for a fourth term against former Republican U.S. Congressman Gary Franks.
Major candidates
Democratic
Chris Dodd, incumbent U.S. Senator
Republican
Gary Franks, former U.S. Representative
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
1998
Connecticut
Chris Dodd
Zubanchi () is a rural locality (a selo) in Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,638 as of 2010. There are 7 streets.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
Geography
Zubanchi is located 11 km southeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zilbachi and Trisanchi are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
William Popple (1701–1764) was an English official, dramatist and Governor of Bermuda.
Life
He was the youngest of three sons of William Popple of the parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, who died in 1722, and his wife Anne; William Popple was his grandfather. He entered the cofferer's office about 1730, and in June 1737 was promoted solicitor and clerk of the reports to the commissioners of trade and plantations.
Popple was appointed governor of the Bermudas in March 1745, replacing his brother Alured Popple (1699–1744), and held that post until shortly before his death at Hampstead on 8 February 1764. He was buried on 13 February in Hampstead churchyard, where there is an inscribed stone in his memory.
Works
Some of Popple's juvenile poems were included in the Collection of Miscellaneous Poems issued by Richard Savage in 1726.
Aaron Hill encouraged the writing of two comedies, to which Hill wrote prologues:
The Lady's Revenge, or the Rover reclaim'd (London and Dublin, 1734), was dedicated to Frederick, Prince of Wales, and was produced on four occasions at Covent Garden in January 1734.
The Double Deceit, or a Cure for Jealousy (London, 1736), dedicated to Edward Walpole, was produced on 25 April 1735, also at Covent Garden.
About this same time (1735) Popple collaborated with Hill in his Prompter, and incurred a share of Alexander Pope's resentment, with a line in the Dunciad. He also published, in 1753, a translation (1753) of the Ars Poetica of Horace, which he dedicated to the Earl of Halifax.
Notes
References
1701 births
1764 deaths
English dramatists and playwrights
Governors of Bermuda
English male dramatists and playwrights
The Panther KF51 is a main battle tank that is under development by Rheinmetall Landsysteme (part of Rheinmetall's Vehicle Systems division). It was unveiled publicly at the Eurosatory defence exhibition on 13 June 2022. KF is short for "Kettenfahrzeug", i.e., tracked vehicle.
The KF51 is currently based on the hull of the legacy Leopard 2A4, but the design is intended to mark a departure from the preceding generation of Western MBTs by introducing a new turret armed with an autoloaded 130 mm main gun, reducing weight through greater reliance on active rather than passive protection and facilitating teaming with uncrewed platforms by providing space inside the hull for a dedicated systems operator or unit commander.
Development
Rheinmetall began the development of major subsystems related to the Panther in 2016, with system level design commencing in 2018. The Panther has been developed as a private venture by Rheinmetall to demonstrate the potential fory by 2026. increasing the lethality, mobility, survivability, and networking capabilities of MBTs without incurring a significant increase in weight. To reduce the weight of the Leopard 2A4 platform on which the development vehicle is based, Rheinmetall prioritised active over passive protection.
Further developments under consideration for the vehicle including measures to make it more environmentally friendly during peacetime operations, the installation of a more powerful and more efficient powerpack, the integration of AI into the fire control system to enable automated target detection and identification, mounting an unmanned turret on the vehicle, and the creation of an unmanned version of the Panther. Efforts to make the vehicle more environmentally friendly could result in an alternative hull being developed for the Panther.
Design and mobility
The KF51 is based on the hull of the Leopard 2A4, this of conventional layout for an MBT with the driver at the front, the fighting compartment/turret in the middle, and the powerpack at the rear. The driver is seated in the front right of the hull and is provided with a single-piece hatch above their position in the roof of the glacis plate. A separate crew station can be provided in the left front of the hull for either a dedicated systems operator or a unit commander. Colour cameras for the driver are installed in the centre of the front and rear of the hull. Should the KF51 enter production a new hull would be designed by Rheinmetall.
Where the design of the KF51 departs from that of the preceding generation of Western MBTs is by the introduction of a new two-person turret fitted with an autoloaded main gun. The rear of the turret houses the magazines for the main gun's automatic loader and pods for loitering munitions if these have been equipped. There are housings for cameras on all four corners of the turret and in the middle of each side of the turret.
The Panther has a combat weight of 59-tonnes making it lighter than most Western MBTs developed prior to 2022. The powerpack, tracks and most of the running gear of the vehicle are also believed to have been derived from those of the Leopard 2A4. This Leopard 2A4 powerpack consists of an MTU MB 873 Ka-501 water-cooled V-12 diesel engine producing 1,479 hp at 2,600 rpm, this coupled to a Renk HSWL 354 four-speed automatic transmission. The Panther's maximum speed has not been disclosed but it has a maximum range of 500 km. The Leopard 2A4's running gear consists of seven dual-tyred rubber roadwheels and four rubber-tyred offset track return rollers on each side, with the idler at the front and the drive sprocket at the rear. The roadwheels are supported by torsion bar suspension with advanced friction dampers. The first, second, third, sixth, and seventh roadwheels feature advanced friction dampers and hydraulic bump stops to dampen oscillations, with the fourth and fifth fitted with solid bump stops. The KF51 is fitted with an 82-link Defence Service Tracks 570F track of 635 mm width with rubber-bushed end connectors on each side.
Protection
The KF51 Panther is stated to have three layers of protection: passive, reactive and active. The innermost layer consists of all-welded steel armour covered by passive armour modules. The second layer comprises sensor-based reactive armour, while the final layer consists of Rheinmetall's Active Defence System (ADS) active protection system (APS) that Rheinmetall claims is capable of protecting against kinetic energy (KE) projectiles and anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs). It is possible to mount the ADS on both the hull and the turret.
The Panther is also fitted with eight Rheinmetall Rapid Obscuring System (ROSY) smoke grenade launchers mounted in staggered rows of two behind the central camera housing on each side of the turret. It is also possible to integrate sensors into the Panther that can detect the launch signature of ATGMs and unguided anti-tank rockets before cueing the vehicle's crew towards the threat or launching appropriate countermeasures. The Panther can also be fitted with Rheinmetall's Top Attack Protection System (TAPS). This comprises a hard-kill element in which the coverage of the ADS is extended to the roof of the platform to protect against both ATGMs and unguided anti-tank rockets launched at high elevations, as well as a soft-kill element that aims to protect against threats such as loitering munitions.
Armament
The primary armament of the KF51 is a stabilised Rheinmetall Rh-130 130 mm L/51 smoothbore gun that can be elevated from -9˚ to +20˚. Rheinmetall claims that this is capable of delivering between 18 and 20 MJ of energy onto a target and that it has a 50% longer effective range than other Rheinmetall 120 mm tank guns. The Rh-130 can fire armour-piercing fin-stabilised discarding sabot (APFSDS) ammunition, programmable airburst high explosive (HE) and practice projectiles. The gun is fed by an auto loader that consists of two revolving drum magazines with a capacity of ten rounds each. During a test firing in April 2022, the Rh-130 mounted on a test rig was able to fire three rounds in 16 seconds, though this included the time to perform safety checks. Two hatches are located in the turret sides to allow the autoloader's magazines to be replenished within five minutes. An option is also available to carry an additional 10 rounds on the back of the vehicle outside of the hull and turret.
Secondary armament consists of a coaxially mounted 12.7 mm machine gun. A remote operated weapon station can be mounted on the rear of the turret roof to provide close-in defence and a counter-unmanned aircraft system (C-UAS) capability. An option for this is the Rheinmetall Natter, which can be armed with a 7.62 mm MG that can be elevated from -15˚ to +85˚. When armed with a 7.62 mm MG, it carries 2,500 ready rounds. In addition the KF51 can be equipped with the HERO 120 loitering munition system.
References
External link
Brochure - Meet the radically new Panther KF51
Rheinmetall
Main battle tanks of Germany
A user interface specification (UI specification) is a document that captures the details of the software user interface into a written document. The specification covers all possible actions that an end user may perform and all visual, auditory and other interaction elements.
Purpose
The UI specification is the main source of implementation information for how the software should work . Beyond implementation, a UI specification should consider usability, localization, and demo limits. A UI spec may also be incorporated by those within the organization responsible for marketing, graphic design, and software testing. As future designers might continue or build on top of existing work, a UI specification should consider forward compatibility constraints in order to assist the implementation team.
The UI specification can be regarded as the document that bridges the gap between the product management functions and implementation. One of the main purposes of a UI specification is to process the product requirements into a more detailed format. The level of detail and document type varies depending on the needs and design practices of the organizations. The small scale prototypes might require only modest documentation with high-level details.
In general, the goal of requirement specifications are to describe what a product is capable of, whereas the UI specification details how these requirements are implemented in practice.
The process
Before UI specification is created, a lot of work is done already for defining the application and desired functionality.
Usually there are requirements for the software which are basis for the use case creation and use case prioritizing. UI specification is only as good as the process by which it has been created, so lets consider the steps in the process:
Use case definition
Use cases are then used as basis for drafting the UI concept (which can contain for example main views of the software, some textual explanations about the views and logical flows), these are short stories that explain how the end user starts and completes a specific task, but not about how to implement it.
The purpose of writing use cases is to enhance the UI designer understanding of the features that the product must have and of the actions that take place when the user interacts with the product.
Design draft creation
The UI design draft is done on the basis of the use case analysis. The purpose of the UI design draft is to show the design proposed, and to explain how the user interface enables the user to complete the main use cases, without going into details.
It should be as visual as possible and all the material created must be in such a format that it can be used in the final UI specification. (This is good time to conduct usability testing or expert evaluations and make changes.)
Writing the user interface specification
The UI specification is then written to describe the UI concept. The UI specification can be seen as an extension of the design draft that provides a complete description that contains all details, exceptions, error cases, notifications, and so forth. The amount of detail provided depends on the needs and characteristics of the development organization (scope of the product, culture of the organization, and development methodology used, among others). Usually, the UI concept and specifications are reviewed by the stakeholders to ensure that all necessary details are in place.
Structure
Having a formal structure for a UI specification will help readers anticipate where they can find the needed information to interpret the specifications correctly. Example structure of the UI specification may contain, but not limited to, following items:
Change history
Open issues
Logical flow
Display descriptions
Error and exception cases
The specific contents will vary to be appropriate to the organizational needs (another example is Nokia's UI Specification structure).
Change history
Having an informative change history helps the reader to see what, when and why something was changed. A UI specification quite often changes during implementation.
Open issues
Possible open issues. While there are unclear or open issues, those can be visible.
Logical flow
The logical flow can be used to give high-level view of how different screens in the user interface relate to each other to support a task. Flow can reveal for example number of required steps to perform certain task.
Display descriptions
The display description contains the screen contents and information about available functions. The screen contents may be wireframes, screen-shots of a prototype, or UI mock-ups.
A picture of the user interface state will provide a quick overview. Wireframes are recommended over high resolution graphics. Caution should be taken in providing too polished a picture as details might change and time and resources have to be allocated to redraw pictures. Additionally, readers may become distracted into commenting on visual design elements such as color choice and images that were intended to be placeholders and not reflective of the final product.
In addition to a picture of the display, access points should be listed and the fields and controls on the screen should be described. The following table gives a list of the bare minimum you should be describing:
Error and exception cases
Indicates how to display information regarding any network issues or other events that require error indications to user.
References
Software documentation
Olivet Chapel, since 1965 known as the A.U.M.P. affiliated St. John's African Union Methodist Protestant Church, is a historic Presbyterian African American mission chapel located at Goshen in Orange County, New York. It was built about 1910 and is a load-bearing masonry building with a bluestone foundation and topped by a high hipped roof. Horace Pippin (1888–1946) was a noted member of the church prior to its moving to Olivet Chapel.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
References
African-American history of New York (state)
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Churches completed in 1910
20th-century Methodist church buildings in the United States
Churches in Orange County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Orange County, New York
Charles Neidich (born 1953 in New York City) is an American classical clarinetist, composer, and conductor.
Early career
A native New Yorker of Russian and Greek descent, Charles Neidich began his clarinet studies with his father, Irving Neidich, at the age of eight, and continued them with the renowned teacher Leon Russianoff and, later in Moscow, with Boris Dikov. His reputation has grown steadily since his 1974 New York recital début while still a student at Yale. A series of prizes helped launch his early career: the Silver Medal in the 1979 Geneva International Music Competition, Second Prize in the 1982 Munich International Competition and one of three Grand Prizes in the 1984 Accanthes International Competition in Paris. In 1985, he won the first major clarinet competition in the United States, the Walter W. Naumburg Competition, which catapulted him into prominence as a soloist.
Accomplishments
Neidich has been influential in restoring original versions of works and bringing them before the public. A list of the clarinet classics he has restored to their original form includes works as diverse as the Mozart Concerto, concertos of Weber and Copland, the Soireestücke of Robert Schumann, and the Andante and Allegro of Ernest Chausson. Neidich supporter of new music and has premiered works by Milton Babbitt, Elliott Carter, Edison Denisov, Helmut Lachenmann, William Schuman, Ralph Shapey, Joan Tower, Katia Tchemberdji, Vasilii Lobanov and others. He has championed John Corigliano's Concerto, performing it throughout the United States notably with the Syracuse Symphony Orchestra and Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra in performances. Neidich made numerous recordings on both modern and historical instruments, both as soloist and with his period-instrument wind ensemble Mozzafiato.
Neidich turned his attention to conducting, appearing with the Avanti chamber Orchestra, Tapiola Sinfonietta, Helsinki, the Kirishima Festival in Japan, with the New World and the San Diego Symphony (in a triple role of conductor, soloist, and composer), and in Bulgaria with the Plovdiv State Philharmonic.
From 1985 to 1989 he was professor of clarinet at the Eastman School of Music, and is currently on the faculty of the Juilliard School of Music, the Manhattan School of Music, and Mannes College The New School for Music.
References
Charles Neidich, Performing Artist in Residence SUNY Stony Brook Retrieved 30 December 2007
External links
American classical clarinetists
American people of Greek descent
American people of Russian descent
Living people
21st-century clarinetists
1953 births
Draka Nunatak (, ‘Nunatak Draka' \'nu-na-tak 'dra-ka\) is the lens-shaped rocky ridge extending 4.2 km and 1.9 km wide, with twin heights rising to 831 m (cenral one) and 889 m (western one) on the southwest coast of Sjögren Inlet on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.
The feature is named after the settlements of Draka and Drakata in Southeastern and Southwestern Bulgaria respectively.
Location
Draka Nunatak is centred at , which is 6.32 km south-southwest of Vetrovala Peak, 15.48 km west-southwest of Mount Wild, 38 km north of Cape Longing, 24.13 km east-northeast of Dolen Peak and 10.74 km southeast of Mount Hornsby.
Maps
Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map No. 5697. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Draka Nunatak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Draka Nunatak. Copernix satellite image
Nunataks of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ioan-Cristian Chirilă (born 6 January 1991) is a Romanian chess player. He was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 2009.
Chess career
In 2001, Chirilă won the Romanian youth championship when he was 10 years old. He repeated this achievement the following year in the Romanian under 12 championship. Chirilă won two more Romanian youth championships, in 2006 and 2009. He participated in the European Youth Team Championship, winning two medals for individual results: gold (2008, on the first board) and silver (2006, on the second board).
In 2007, Chirilă became world youth champion in the U-16 age group. In 2010 he was awarded a full ride scholarship at the University of Texas at Dallas. In April 2015, Chirilă finished runner-up to Yuniesky Quezada in the Philadelphia Open. In 2016 Chirilă won the Millionaire Chess Open in the U-2550 rating group.
In June 2018 he won the National Open tournament in Las Vegas, US. This success earned Chirilă his first magazine cover for Chess Life, one of the major American chess magazines. In September–October he was part of the Romanian team at the 43rd Chess Olympiad.
Chirilă served as one of the seconds of Fabiano Caruana during the 2018 World Chess Championship match.
References
External links
C-Squared Podcast – podcast hosted together with Fabiano Caruana
1991 births
Living people
Chess grandmasters
Chess players from Bucharest
World Youth Chess Champions
Twitch (service) streamers
Steane is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname
Andrew Steane, Professor of physics at the University of Oxford
Dick Steane (1939–2007), British athlete
J. B. Steane (1928–2011), English music critic, musicologist, literary scholar and teacher
Given name
Steane Kremerskothen, Australian rules football player from Tasmania
See also
Steane code, mathematical tool introduced by Andrew Steane
Steene
Stene
R v Steane, 1947 case decided by the English Court of Criminal Appeal
A pooled income fund is a type of charitable mutual fund created from securities or cash donated by an individual, a family or a corporation to a charity, which is then invested to provide dividends for both the donor and charity. The donations are irrevocable and tax-deductible and must be from personal assets. Capital gains taxes do not apply to securities donated to such a fund.
After a donor dies, the balance of their donation is given to a pre-determined qualified 501(c)(3) charitable organization (or several organizations). Charities typically manage their own pooled income fund, and fund their operations through the donated securities.
See also
Pooled fund
Sources
Pooled Income Fund Definition | Investopedia
External links
A comprehensive overview of pooled income funds by the Planned Giving Design Center
Pooled income funds FAQ
Wills and trusts
Equity (law)
Investment funds
Charity in the United States
Adet Lin (; May 6, 1923 – 1971) was a Chinese-American novelist and translator. She also published under the name Tan Yun. She was also known as Lin Rusi.
Biography
The oldest daughter of Lin Yutang, she was born in Amoy and came to the United States at the age of thirteen. With her sisters Tai-yi and Mei Mei, she published Our Family, an autobiographical work, in 1939. In 1940, with Tai-yi, she published Girl Rebel, a translation of the autobiography of Xie Bingying. The sisters published a second book, Dawn over Chungking, in 1941. After studying at Columbia University, she went on to work for the American Bureau for Medical Aid to China from 1943 to 1946. Afterwards, she returned to the United States and worked for the United States Information Agency and the Voice of America.
She published her first novel Flame from the Rock in 1943; the book is set in China during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
On May 1, 1946, she married Richard Biow, son of advertising executive Milton H. Biow. Lin killed herself in Taipei in 1971.
Selected works
Our Family (1939), with Lin Tai-yi (Anor Lin)
Dawn over Chungking (1941), with Lin Tai-yi (Anor Lin) and Lin Mei Mei
Flame from the Rock (1943), under pseudonym Tan Yun
The Milky Way and Other Chinese Folk Tales (1961)
Flower Shadows, translation of Tang dynasty poetry (1970)
References
1923 births
1971 suicides
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American translators
20th-century American women writers
Chinese women novelists
Columbia University alumni
People from Xiamen
Republic of China novelists
Republic of China translators
Writers from Fujian
Biow family
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Suicides by hanging in Taiwan
Flower From the Fields of Alabama is an album by the American musician Norman Blake, released in 2001.
Track listing
All songs traditional unless otherwise noted.
"Salty Dog" – 4:21
"Bonaparte's Grand March" – 5:20
"The Slopes of Beech Mountain" (Blake) – 3:10
"Sitting on Top of the World"" (Lonnie Chatmon, Walter Vinson) – 6:22
"Radio Joe" (Blake) – 3:57
"Chasin' Rainbows" – 3:33
"Flower from the Fields of Alabama" – 4:07
"Texas Gales" – 4:01
"All Go Hungry Hash House" – 3:48
"So Tired" – 5:11
"The Gambler's Dying Words" – 2:50
"Little Bunch of Roses" – 3:16
"Eastbound Freight Train" (Grandpa Jones) – 3:33
"The Burial of Wild Bill" – 3:23
"T.A.G. Railroad Rag" (Blake) – 6:10
"If We Never Meet Again" (Albert E. Brumley) – 5:19
Personnel
Norman Blake - guitar, mandolin, vocals, fiddle, slide guitar
Bob Chuckrow - guitar, harmony vocal, mandola
References
2001 albums
Norman Blake (American musician) albums
Russell Garnett (born 29 September 1976) is an Australian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sydney
Chiomenti Studio Legale is an Italian law firm founded in 1948 by Pasquale Chiomenti. It is widely considered one of the strongest Italian law firms, and one of the few with a clear international outlook. Chiomenti does not attempt to provide day-to-day advice to Italian companies outside of major cities of Milan and Rome; however, it seeks to counsel companies on big-ticket transactions. Today, the firm counts 280 attorneys and tax advisers working out of offices in Rome, Milan, Brussels, London, New York City, Hong Kong, Beijing, and Shanghai.
Chiomenti represented the Italian government in numerous privatizations in the 1980s and 1990s, including that of Enel. It has since built up a strong reputation for premier banking, project finance, mergers and acquisitions and capital markets advice.
Press reports indicated that Chiomenti engaged in merger discussions with a number of US and UK suitors, including Shearman & Sterling and Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer. In 2001, Chiomenti signed an exclusive referral agreement and alliance with Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. The two then collaborated on a number of high-profile deals including representing Biosearch Italia in its acquisition by California-based biotech company Versicor for total considation of $260.7 million (£169.8 million). The two also advised Ansaldo, a railway-signalling manufacturer, on its €468 million (£327.8 million) IPO in 2006. The alliance was discontinued in 2008. That same year, Chiomenti merged with Birindelli & Associati, an Italian firm that operated offices in six Asian cities. It is unclear whether Chiomenti will continue to operate all of those offices.
Notable Mandates
Counseled the Borsa Italiana on Italian law issues in its €1.5bn (£1.1bn) purchase by the London Stock Exchange in 2007. Chiomenti acted alongside Shearman & Sterling which provided UK law advice to the Borsa Italiana.
Represented Wind Telecomunicazioni SpA, a subsidiary of Enel SpA, in its €12.1 billion sale via a in a leveraged buy-out by Weather Investments in 2005.
Advised Unipol Assicurazioni SpA in its €1.465 billion purchase of Italian Winterthur Assicurazioni and Winterthur Vita operations, units of Winterthur Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Credit Suisse in 2003.
Acted for Edipower in its €3.7 billion acquisition of Eurogen from Enel SpA in 2002.
External links
Chiomenti Studio Legale
References
Law firms of Italy
Law firms established in 1948
The Mauritania women's national football team has not played a single FIFA recognised match. Women's football is not supported by the Football Federation of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania and there are few opportunities for women to play the sport.
History
The team
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Mauritania who did not play in a single FIFA sanctioned match between 1950 and June 2012. The country did not have a FIFA recognised national senior or junior team in 2006, and was unchanged in 2009. In 2010, the country did not have a team competing in the African Women's Championships during the preliminary rounds. The country did not have a team competing at the 2011 All Africa Games. In March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
Federation
The national association, the Football Federation of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, was founded in 1961 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1964. Women's football is not represented by rule in the federation and they do not employee anyone specifically to look after women's football. The federation has not participated in any FIFA sanctioned training courses for women's football. Most of the funding for women's football in the country and for the women's national team comes from FIFA, not the national football association.
Background and development
Football is the second most popular women's sport in the country, behind basketball which is number one. In 2006, there were 100 registered female football players in the country, the first time such numbers were tracked. Opportunities for play are limited as there are only four women's football teams in the country, women's football is not organised at schools, and mixed football is not allowed.
The lack of development of the national team on a wider international level is symptomatic of wider problems on the continent, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society (especially present in Muslim-majority religious state countries, Mauritania being one such country) that occasionally allows for female-specific human rights abuses. Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited as colonial powers in the region tended to take make concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. Continent wide, if quality female football players do develop, they leave for greater opportunities abroad. Future, success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game and make it commercially is not the solution, as demonstrated by the many youths and women's football camps held on the continent.
Team image
Nicknames
The Mauritania women's national football team have been nicknamed the "Mourabitounes".
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
2021
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Abdallahi Diallo (2019–)
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 16 October 2021 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 9 July 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Mauritania squad in the past 12 months.
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury.
PRE Preliminary squad.
SUS Player is serving a suspension.
WD Player withdrew for personal reasons.
First match selection
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
WAFU Women's Cup record
Arab Women's Championship
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Tunisia national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
As of 26 October 2021 after match against .
Key
See also
Sport in Mauritania
Football in Mauritania
Women's football in Mauritania
Mauritania women's national under-20 football team
Mauritania women's national under-17 football team
References
External links
Fédération de Football de la République Islamique de Mauritanie
W
African women's national association football teams
RV Atair is a research vessel owned and operated by the Federal Maritime and Hydrographic Agency of Germany (BSH). She entered service in 2021 and replaces a 1987-built research vessel also named Atair.
History
BSH issued a request for proposals for a new research vessel in October 2014, and completed design work for the ship early in 2015. The ship was originally planned to have a cost of about €80 million and enter service late in the decade. The €113.8 million contract for overall engineering and construction of the ship was awarded to Kongsberg. Construction of Atair was sub-contracted to two German shipyards—Fassmer Werft and German Naval Yards (GNY). Construction began in December 2017, and the hull and superstructure were launched at German Naval Yards in February 2019. Following some fitting out work, including the installation of the main powerplants, Atair was transported to Fassmer Werft the following month to be completed. Sea trials began in late 2019 and continued through September 2020 ahead of the expected delivery of Atair late in 2020. Upon her entry into service for BSH, which will own and operate Atair, she will replace the 1987-built Atair and operate primarily in the Baltic Sea, the North Sea, and the North Atlantic Ocean.
Design
Atair measures long, wide, and has a draft of . She is powered by three Wärtsilä engines, two of which are LNG-capable, that give her a service speed of up to through a single propeller. Atair is the first research vessel in the world to have an LNG-fueled propulsion system. The crew complement is 18 sailors, with accommodations for up to 15 researchers. Scientific facilities on board include several types of sonar, laboratories, rigging to support the deployment of off-vessel equipment, and deck space to house additional temporary equipment.
References
2019 ships
Research vessels of Germany
Wildenthal is a village in the town of Eibenstock in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in the Saxon Ore Mountains of Central Germany.
Location
The state-recognised resort lies in a deeply incised valley of the Große Bockau river at the foot of the 1019-metre-high Auersberg within the Ore Mountains/Vogtland Nature Park. The village lies at an elevation of between 720 and 1019 metres above sea level (NN). The hamlet of Oberwildenthal on the state road to Johanngeorgenstadt also belongs to the town subdivision of Wildenthal. A link road to Carlsfeld branches off in the village.
History
From 1952 to 1990, Wildenthal was part of the Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt of East Germany.
References
External links
Official home page of the Eibenstock village of Wildenthal
Ore Mountains
Former municipalities in Saxony
Erzgebirgskreis
Hammer mills of Germany
Edwin Brown (1898–1972) was an Australian rugby league player.
Edwin Brown may also refer to:
Edwin Brown (actor) (died 1999), British television actor
Edwin Brown (engineer) (born 1938), Australian expert in rock mechanics
Edwin Brown (naturalist) (died 1876), English naturalist and entomologist
Edwin J. Brown (1864–1941), mayor of Seattle 1922–1926
Eddy Brown (1926-2012), full name Edwin Brown, English footballer
Elizabeth Anne Yelling (née Talbot; born 5 December 1974, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire) is a British long-distance runner currently based in Poole, Dorset. She is the sister-in-law of fellow British runner Hayley Yelling through her marriage to steeplechaser Martin Yelling and is the former training partner of Paula Radcliffe.
Yelling has taken part in the marathon at two summer Olympic Games; she finished 25th at Athens 2004 and 26th at Beijing 2008.
Yelling won the bronze medal in the 2006 Commonwealth Games marathon. She also holds the women's course record for: the Bath Half Marathon with a time of 69 minutes 28 seconds set in 2007; and the Reading Half Marathon in 69 minutes 35 seconds, set in 2008.
Achievements
All results regarding marathon, unless stated otherwise
Personal bests
References
External links
1974 births
Sportspeople from Welwyn Garden City
Living people
English female middle-distance runners
British female long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
The NBL1 is a semi-professional basketball league in Australia. The league was founded in 2019.
List
See also
List of National Basketball League (Australia) seasons
List of WNBL seasons
References
External links
NBL1
NBL1
The Eritrean Catholic Church (; ) is a metropolitan sui iuris Eastern particular church headquartered in Asmara, Eritrea. It was established in 2015 by separation of its territory from that of the Ethiopian Catholic Church and the setting up in that territory of a new sui iuris metropolitan Eastern Catholic Church. It follows the Ge'ez form of the Alexandrian liturgical rite. Its strictly-speaking official name is "The Asmara metropolitan sui iuris Church".
Like the other Eastern Catholic Churches, the Eritrean Catholic Church is in full communion with the Holy See. It holds to the Christological definition taught at the Council of Chalcedon and accepts the universal jurisdiction of the Pope. These points distinguish it from the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church, which is an Oriental Orthodox church comprising most Christians in the country. Like the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church, the Eritrean Catholic Church follows the Ethiopic liturgical rite in the Ge'ez language, a Semitic language which fell out of common use several centuries ago. This rite is based on the Coptic Church liturgy.
History
Pre-20th century
In 1839 Giustino de Jacobis, an Italian Vincentian priest, arrived as a missionary in the area that is now Eritrea and northern Ethiopia. He preferred to employ the local liturgical rite in the Ge'ez language rather than the Roman Rite in Latin. He attracted a considerable number of local priests and laity to enter into full communion with the Catholic Church. He died in 1860 at Halai, near Hebo, in what is now the Southern Administrative Region of Eritrea.
In 1869, Italy began to occupy Eritrea and in 1890 declared it a colony of the Kingdom of Italy, fostering immigration of Italians. In view of the changed situation, the Holy See set up on 19 September 1894 the Apostolic Prefecture of Eritrea, entrusted to Italian Capuchins, thus removing Eritrea from the territory of the Apostolic Vicariate of Abyssinia of the Vincentians, who were predominantly French. In the following year, the governor of the colony expelled the remaining Vincentian priests on the unfounded suspicion of having encouraged armed resistance.
Most of the local population who became Catholics had been members of the Coptic Orthodox Church, whose Ethiopian portion became the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church in the mid-20th century when it was granted its own patriarch by Cyril VI, Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. They kept the rites of that Church in the ancient liturgical language of Ge'ez, giving rise to an Ethiopic-Rite Catholic community.
First half of 20th century
The prefecture apostolic of Eritrea was raised by the Holy See to the status of Apostolic Vicariate (headed by a titular bishop) in 1911. In addition, an Ethiopic Rite Ordinariate of Eritrea was established on 4 July 1930, removing those Catholics from the jurisdiction of the then much larger Latin Church Vicariate. Father Kidanè-Maryam Cassà, who since 1926 had been their pro-vicar within the Vicariate, was appointed their ordinary and on 3 August 1930 was ordained titular bishop of Thibaris in the chapel of the Pontifical Ethiopian College in Vatican City. At that time they numbered less than 3% of the population of Eritrea.
The greater importance at that time of the Latin Vicariate is reflected in the impressive church dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary that was completed in 1923 as the seat of the Apostolic Vicariate. Even after the demise of the Vicariate in 1995, it is still called "the cathedral".
Association with Ethiopia
At the beginning of the 1940s nearly 28% of the population of Italian Eritrea, which had been part of Italian East Africa since 1936, was Catholic; mostly Italians and of the Latin Church. There was a pronounced fall in the number of Italians present after the end of the Second World War, when Eritrea was at first under British military administration. The British census of 1949 showed that Asmara, the capital, had only 17,183 Italians out of a total population of 127,579. The departure of Italians accelerated further when Eritrea came under Ethiopian authority at the end of 1950. The relationship between the Latin Vicariate and the Ethiopic Ordinariate was thus inverted. On 31 October 1951, the Ordinariate of Eritrea was raised to the level of an Exarchate (the Eastern equivalent of a Vicariate) under the name of the Apostolic Exarchate of Asmara, at the same time as the Apostolic Exarchate of Addis Ababa was created. On 25 July 1959, the name of the Latin Vicariate of Eritrea, which in spite of the greatly reduced number of its faithful kept its rank, was changed to Apostolic Vicariate of Asmara. However, after the fourth and last bishop who was Vicar Apostolic of Asmara retired on 2 June 1974, the Vicariate was administered by the Capuchin priest Luca Milesi, who became a bishop only when the Vicariate was suppressed in 1995 and he was appointed the first Eparch of Barentu.
On 28 February 1961, the Ethiopian Catholic Church was established as a Metropolitan sui iuris Church, consisting of the Archeparchy of Addis Ababa and two suffragan sees, one of which was that of Asmara, while the other was the newly created Ethiopian Catholic Eparchy of Adigrat (previously the Prefecture Apostolic of Tigray).
Coincidentally, the Eritrean War of Independence began later that year, and ended in 1991 with a decisive Eritrean victory.
In independent Eritrea
On 21 December 1995, under Pope John Paul II, parts of the Eparchy of Asmara became two new eparchies, based respectively in Keren and Barentu. The much-reduced Apostolic Vicariate of Asmara was abolished. The only Catholic Church jurisdictions in Eritrea were thus all of the Ethiopian Catholic Church, making Eritrea the only country where all Catholics, including members of the Latin Church, are entrusted to the care of Eastern Catholic bishops.
On 24 February 2012, Pope Benedict XVI created a fourth eparchy based in Segheneyti with territory taken from the then Eparchy of Asmara.
On 19 January 2015, under Pope Francis, the Eritrean Catholic Church was erected as an autonomous sui iuris metropolitan church with Asmara as its metropolitan see and the other three Eritrean eparchies as suffragans, separating it from the Ethiopian Catholic Church, whose metropolitan see was thus left with only three suffragans.
Eparchies
There are four eparchies (bishoprics) in the country:
The metropolitan see is the Archeparchy of Asmara
The Eparchy of Barentu with faithful drawn largely from the Kunama people
The Eparchy of Keren with the highest percentage of the local population (nearly 12%) and with faithful drawn largely from the Bilen people
The Eparchy of Segheneyti in the country's Southern Administrative Region.
Statistics 2016
Relations with Government of Eritrea
Since 2004, the State Department of the United States of America has repeatedly listed the State of Eritrea as a country of particular concern with regard to religious freedom. However, it indicates that the Catholic Church is granted some favours, limited in number and extent, not granted to other religious communities: "permission to host some visiting clergy; to receive funding from the Holy See; to travel for religious purposes and training in small numbers; and to receive exemptions from national service for seminary students and nuns". National service is demanded of most Eritreans, men and women, between the ages of 18 and 40, or in practice 50 or more, and is often of indefinite length.
The Catholic bishops issued on 25 May 2014, the 23rd anniversary of the independence of the state, a pastoral letter that some saw as critical of the Government. An English translation of the document, the original of which is in the Tigrinya language, extends to 17 pages. The bishops spoke of the emigration of the many young Eritreans who risk their lives in the hope of emigrating to other countries. They repeated what they had written in 2001: "[N]o-one leaves a land of milk and honey to seek another country offering the same opportunities. If one's homeland is a place of peace, jobs and freedom of expression there is no reason to leave it to suffer hardship, loneliness and exile in an effort to look for opportunity elsewhere." They spoke also of "the delusion engendered as result of the non-achievement of the ends proposed, the uselessness of one's own aspirations, looking to distant lands as the only alternative for self-fulfilment, are bringing a growing number of people to frustration and desperation. They find themselves looking at a horizon that grows always darker and heavier. Alongside this, the breakup of the family unit inside the country – through military service unlimited in terms of time and monetary reward and through the imprisonment of many young people in actual prison or in punishment camps – is exposing to misery not only elderly parents with no visible means of support, but also entire families and it is having serious consequences at the economic level as well as at the psychological and mental levels."
The Eritrean agency TesfaNews questioned the bishops' sincerity and interpreted information provided by WikiLeaks as indicating that the Archeparch of Asmara "is a certified, anti-government and National service religious leader residing at the helm the capital Asmara".
See also
Christianity in Eritrea
Religion in Eritrea
List of saints from Africa
Notes
External links
Eparchy of Keren
Asmara Cathedral
Recent Eritrean Bishops' events
Eastern Catholic Churchs: Statistics 2014
Christian organizations established in 2015
Christian denominations established in the 21st century
2015 establishments in Eritrea
Joel Steed (born February 17, 1969) is a former American football nose tackle who played eight seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He went to the University of Colorado at Boulder.
Steed was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 3rd round of the 1992 NFL Draft. Steed quickly started at nose tackle and was a starter for the team throughout the 1990s.
References
1969 births
Living people
American football defensive tackles
Colorado Buffaloes football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
American Conference Pro Bowl players
Hariri Mohd Safii (born 18 January 1989) is a Terengganu footballer and currently playing for Terengganu City in Malaysia FAM League.
References
1989 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
Terengganu FC players
Sabah F.C. (Malaysia) players
Penang FA players
People from Terengganu
Association football defenders
The white-fronted tit (Sittiparus semilarvatus) is a species of bird in the family Paridae.
It is endemic to the Philippines found in the islands of Luzon and Mindanao. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description and Taxonomy
EBird describes the bird as "A small, uncommon bird of lowland and foothill forest canopy and edge. Entirely dark with an obvious white mark from the forehead down between the bill and eye. Males are entirely black and females have dark brown underparts. Varies regionally, with Mindanao birds having an additional white mark in the wing. Unmistakable. Voice includes a downslurred series of three fairly high-pitched downslurred notes, “piu-piu piu.” Also gives a rapid staccato trill.." It is often seen in exposed branches in the canopy.
The white-fronted tit was formally described by the Italian ornithologist Tommaso Salvadori in 1865 under the binomial name Melaniparus semilarvatus. The species was formerly included in the genus Parus but was moved to Sittiparus when Parus was split into several resurrected genera following the publication of a detailed molecular phylogenetic analysis in 2013. The genus Sittiparus had originally been erected by the Belgium politician and naturalist Edmond de Sélys Longchamps in 1884 with the varied tit as the type species.
Subspecies
There are three subspecies:
S. s. snowi (Parkes, 1971) – north east Luzon; has white patch on the wing and less glossy appearance, females have white patches in its collar
S. s. semilarvatus (Salvadori, 1865) – central and southern Luzon;
S. s. nehrkorni (Blasius, W, 1890) – Mindanao; similar to snowi but an even larger white patch on wing
Habitat and Conservation Status
IUCN has assessed this bird as near threatened. This species' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range.
There are no species specific conservation measures but it does occur in protected areas like Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park and Bataan National Park.
References
white-fronted tit
Endemic birds of the Philippines
white-fronted tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alberta Bible College is a Canadian Bible college offering Christian Higher education to young adults and older adults in Alberta. Non-Denominational, ABC is born of roots in Christian Churches and Churches of Christ
ABC offers two different ways to take courses. The traditional college format with two semesters is available as people are more accustomed to. The second is Professional Adult Christian Education (PACE), a one-night-per-week non-traditional accelerated degree completion and diploma program designed for adult learners.
Programs
PACE
3-year Diploma/Bachelors of Christian Ministry, Counselling
3-year Diploma/Bachelors of Christian Ministry, Biblical Studies
3-year Diploma/Bachelors of Christian Ministry, Leadership
3-year Diploma/Bachelors of Christian Ministry, Non-Profit Leadership
College
1-year The Rock - Certificate in Christian Foundations
2-year Diploma - Diploma of Christian Ministry, Christian Studies
2-year Degree - Bachelor of Christian Studies: General Studies Major (Degree Completion)
4-year Degree - Bachelor Christian Studies, Christian Ministries Major
4-year Degree - Bachelor of Sacred Literature
4-year Degree - Bachelor of Theology
History
Founders
Helen McGilvary's motion at a July, 1932, congregational meeting of Central Church of Christ, Lethbridge, Alberta, created Alberta Bible College (ABC). Charles Henry ("C. H.") Phillips convened classes October 3, 1932 with Roscoe E. Hollister and, later that school year, eight other students in an unfinished church basement in a classroom sectioned off by a curtain.
From the outset, ABC's founding was a collaborative effort of several Alberta congregations. But E. E. Breakenridge, a Calgary businessman and an elder at Tuxedo Park Church of Christ, Calgary, was full partner in this effort with C. H. Phillips. Phillips came from an Anglo-Caribbean plantation family, born in London, England, according to one account, who immigrated to Saskatchewan as a 24-year-old. As that young man, he came to Canada "utterly disgruntled" with the brand of Christianity that perpetuated unbearable inequalities between the clergy and the poor.
"C. H." was exposed to the Restoration Movement by the pioneer Disciples of Christ preacher R. J. Westaway, and he went to study at Eugene Bible University (now, Northwest Christian College) in Oregon. From his studies, C. H. brought a vision of church growth by way of educating men and women for the leadership ministry of the church. In a special 1932 edition of The Alberta Christian, a newsletter of the Alberta Christian Missionary Society, Phillips noted that "There is no question as to the need of such a college in this Northwestern (sic) division of our Dominion. We have the young people in our churches. We know of several who would avail themselves of intensive preparation of the various trained ministries of the churches were it possible."
E. E. Breakenridge was a former Baptist who became a member of Tuxedo Park Church of Christ in 1934. With A. G. Spaeth who donated a building and land in Calgary at 2720 Centre Street North, J. W. Jenkins, the Hovises, J. H. Dean, and several others, Phillips and Breakenridge laid ABC's institutional foundations. Phillips's vision was of "a program in classical English Bible." As implemented, study of the Bible was allied to such as classical logic and rhetoric. Breakenridge marshalled the resources of Disciples in southern and central Alberta to create the new school's financial and physical infrastructure. In 1936, ABC was incorporated with a self-perpetuating board of trustees in continuity with its founding, provisional board, and in 1937 the school moved to the Centre Street property.
The College was a child of hope for the Stone-Campbell Restoration Movement in the context of its growth concurrent with the settlement of the Canadian West, and the challenge of developing an indigenous Canadian leadership.
Pioneers
In 1936, J. Merlin Hill of Oregon came to assist C. H. Phillips with teaching responsibilities. When Phillips moved to Toronto to begin a ministry with Keele Street Church of Christ just prior to the 1937-1938 year, Hill assumed the principalship while serving as minister with Tuxedo Park Church of Christ. In 1939, ABC's first graduates, Roscoe E. Hollister and Lawrence E. Horney, received the Bachelor of Theology degree. E. G. Hansell, M.P. and several others assisted with teaching responsibilities. When the Hills returned to Oregon in 1941, Melvin Breakenridge, a recent graduate, was called to be ABC's principal. Breakenridge was supported in teaching responsibilities by other recent ABC graduates and senior students until he joined the Royal Canadian Air Force in spring, 1943. C. H. Phillips returned as principal, and served until he suffered a severe heart attack in April 1949. Roscoe Hollister acted as principal for the next year. Because of concerns about Phillips's health, the trustees declined his returning. Instead, they called Melvin Breakenridge from his ministry in Summerside, P.E.I., now with a Master of Divinity from Butler School of Religion. Breakenridge served as principal for the next twelve years, reshaping the curriculum along the lines of liberal arts programs of the time. In January 1962, the college moved into its new campus at 599 Northmount Drive N.W. from temporary digs at Cambrian Heights Church of Christ, next door. Also in 1962, an administrative reorganization saw Breakenridge appointed academic dean, and E. G. Hansell (Member of Parliament, 1935-1958) was appointed ABC's first "president."
Wranglers
Accounts of the years from 1962 to 1967 differ somewhat on the gravity of ABC's situation, but they don't differ on the broad challenges that characterized this period: the financial strain due to a capital building project and differences among trustees as to ABC's relationship with the Canada Committee of the Disciples of Christ. The situation was not helped by President Hansell's sudden decease from a heart attack in autumn, 1965. By the 1966-1967 school year, enrolment fell to ten students. The college was technically in receivership except for the patience of its main creditor, the Church of Christ Development Company led by John Bergman, an ABC alumnus. In 1964, James Chapman took on responsibilities for fund-raising and the financial viability of the school. At least one supporter extended a long-term, interest-free loan. Robert Gonyea served as president from 1965. In late 1965 or early 1966 after an especially difficult trustees' meeting, one expressed serious doubts about ABC's future. Another trustee replied, "When you're in a mud-hole, you don't say 'whoa,' you shout 'giddap!'" Subsequently, the trustees recruited Boyd Lammiman to be president of ABC.
Builders
Boyd and Julia Lammiman resettled their family in Calgary during Canada's centennial summer, 1967. Over the next seventeen years, Lammiman ("Mr. L") and the faculty and staff upgraded academic standards and created the "Christian Service Lab" and internship practicum. With Miss Aileen Case, Lammiman instituted predictable administrative process for the school's academic year. With James Chapman, Lammiman improved ABC's relations with its constituency, both donors and congregations. Alice Fraser (now, Mitchell), M.Div. (Cincinnati) was made full-time dean and instructor in 1967 till her departure in 1973. Gary Hatt, M.Div. (Emmanuel) was recruited in her place in 1974. In 1975, Ron Fraser, a recent graduate, came on-stream as a full-time instructor. By ABC's 50th academic year 1981-1982, ABC was financially solvent, its faculty and staff were paid on time, relations with its constituency were warm, and a record number of students was enrolled. When a visiting college president was introduced to an ABC student in 1981, the student exclaimed, "This is the best Bible college in the world!"
Mr. Lammiman guaranteed that what had been built under his leadership would serve as a foundation for more things to come when he collaborated with the trustees to recruit a successor and to plan for an orderly transition. With the completion of Mr. L's ministry in summer, 1984, Ron Fraser was simultaneously installed as the new president.
Among his first acts, Fraser recruited John Wilson to return to Alberta from a new church ministry in P.E.I. to be a full-time instructor. This was only the beginning. Fraser as president and Doug Dietz as chairman of the academic committee led the school in enrolment expansion, faculty and staff development, creation of a degree-completion program, and in a capital building campaign. ABC moved from "599" to the former YMCA facility at 635 Northmount Drive N.W. after a significant renovation. In 2008, ABC achieved accreditation with the Association for Biblical Higher Education. At approximately the same time, Dr. Ron Fraser asked the Board of Trustees to initiate a transition in view of his intention to retire as President of Alberta Bible College.
Recent Leadership
In February, 2010, Dr. Ron Fraser retired as President but remained as the academic dean of the College. A recent ABC graduate and MBA, Rob Pittman, was installed as President at the same time. However, Mr. Pittman resigned from the College in May, 2011, and a second search for a president began. In May, 2012, the Board of Trustees called Dr. William Raccah to serve as president of the College. However, in May, 2013, Dr. Raccah and the Board of Trustees agreed his departure from the school to other ministries. In May, 2015, after an extensive search, the Board of Trustees called Dr. Stan Helton to be President of Alberta Bible College, effective July, 2015.
Alumni
By 1940, ABC students and alumni had served in sixteen pulpits in four provinces and three states. This was just the beginning.
ABC students organized new churches beginning in 1939 in Calgary, and alumni have since organized churches in Alberta, British Columbia, Yukon, Northwest Territories, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick. Early ABC graduates – Tom and Leota Rash, Bill and David Howell Rees, Edna Hunt, and Frank and Marie Rempel – were pioneers in the direct-support missions movement. ABC alumni served cross-culturally on every continent, planting churches, translating the Bible, educating local leadership, publishing Christian literature, smuggling Bibles behind the iron curtain, and teaching English as a second language. ABC alumni pursued advanced theological education, coming back to ABC to teach as well as at other Bible colleges, seminaries, and universities. They also pursued the professions of teaching, engineering, nursing, medicine, and law. ABC alumni sought to transform and contribute to culture as musicians and composers; in the academy (university) in various disciplines; in politics and public policy; in journalism, radio, and television; in business and entrepreneurship; and as public servants. ABC alumni include "tentmakers," preachers and multiple staff ministers, elders, deacons, church development entrepreneurs, church planters, trustees, teachers and professors, youth group leaders, and camp deans and staff. Graduates have also served in thirty-one foreign countries.
Church ties
From its inception Alberta Bible College sought to be a catalyst for unity in the Stone-Campbell tradition in Canada. In the 1960s the College hosted an annual, week-long "Minister's Institute" for leadership of all three streams of the Movement, "to promote fellowship and understanding" transcending the Movement's divisions. Conciliatory speakers such as W. Carl Ketcherside were introduced to the Canadian West through this and other special events. A consensus of openness and goodwill has continued to evolve, with the College providing much of the leadership. In 1990, the College initiated the Western Canadian Christian Convention, a convention that included all three streams of the Stone-Campbell Movement. This led to a growing interface with the a cappella Churches of Christ. A number from the latter churches have graduated from Alberta Bible College and either serve in or minister to Christian churches and churches of Christ or a cappella Churches of Christ. The school hired its first instructor from the a cappella Churches of Christ in 1997.
Academic emphasis
Alberta Bible College is accredited with the Association of Biblical Higher Education. The "classical English Bible curriculum" remains the core of the College's ministerial training program, but as resources have allowed, other majors have been added. A unique emphasis of the academic program has been a heavy concentration on "practical experience."
References
Douglas A. Barrie, "Alberta Bible College." In his A History of the Christian Church and Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) in Alberta, Canada. M.A. thesis. Lincoln, Illinois: Lincoln Christian Seminary, 1975, pp. 147–153.
Melvin L. Breakenridge, "A Sketch of the History of the Alberta Bible College." 25th Anniversary booklet. Calgary, Alberta: Alberta Bible College, 1957.
Ron A. Fraser, "Alberta Bible College." In The Encyclopedia of the Stone-Campbell Movement. Ed. by Douglas Foster, et al. Grand Rapids, Mich.: Eerdmans, 2004, pp. 23–24.
Boyd L. Lammiman, "Joy Comes in the Morning." Unpublished. Calgary: Alberta Bible College, n.d.
Boyd L. Lammiman, untitled history of Alberta Bible College, 50th anniversary yearbook. Calgary, Alberta: Alberta Bible College, 1982, pp. 83–96.
Author unknown, 60th anniversary booklet, Calgary, Alberta: Alberta Bible College, 1992.
Russell E. Kuykendall, "Alberta Bible College: serving Christ vicariously for 75 years," 75th anniversary booklet, Calgary, Alberta: Alberta Bible College, 2007.
1932 establishments in Alberta
Bible colleges
Educational institutions established in 1932
Evangelical seminaries and theological colleges in Canada
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ)
Universities and colleges in Alberta
Universities and colleges in Calgary
