Protaetia affinis is a species of beetle of the family Scarabaeidae.
Distribution
It is very common in Southern and Central Europe. It prefers continental climate.
Appearance
Protaetia affinis is usually 25–30 mm long, with a thick-set body. Both sides of its body are metallic emerald. The elytra have very small punctures, and no horizontal striae. The legs are also green, with white stripes.
Lifestyle
Adults only occasionally visit flowers. It is more frequently found at trees with juicy fruits.
References
Cetoniinae
Beetles described in 1797
Thomas Hoskyns Leonard (born 1948) is a British statistician and author. Originally from Devon, he studied for and obtained a doctorate in Statistics at the University of London. He went on to work at the University of Warwick and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, before taking up the Chair of Statistics at the University of Edinburgh.
In 1972, Leonard co-founded the Department of Statistics at the University of Warwick with P.Jeffrey Harrison and Robin Reed, where he helped to design the undergraduate MORSE degree in Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics and Economics.
During Leonard's tenure(1980-1995) in the Department of Statistics at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, he is reported as improving the Bayesian components of both the teaching and research programs, with his colleagues Kam Wah Tsui and Michael Newton
Retiring in 2001, he still lives in Edinburgh and continues to write on and engage with statistics.
Leonard has published on the Bayesian approach to categorical data analysis, as well as on function smoothing and prior informative density estimation, conditional Laplacian approximations for marginal inference and prediction, and the statistical modelling of log covariance matrices. He is also known for his work concerning the applications of Bayesian methodology in geophysics, medicine, psychometrics and the provision of statistical expertise in legal cases. He was one of the founders, in 1992, of the International Society for Bayesian Analysis, alongside Arnold Zellner and Gordon Kaufman, and has published a history of the Bayesian approach.
Leonard is the co- author of Bayesian Methods: An analysis for Statisticians and Interdisciplinary Researchers with John S. J. Hsu and author of the sci-fi socio-political satire 'The Grand Oligarchs of Qinsatorix'.
Leonard's collaboration at the University of Edinburgh with Ian Main, Orestis Papasouliotis and their co-authors led to several publications in Geophysics
During December 2016, Leonard's interview by Diego Andres Peres Ruiz was published by the Bulletin of the International Society for Bayesian Analysis.
Notes
References
ISBA History and Meetings
A personal history of Bayesian statistics, by Thomas H. Leonard (StatsLife)
The Life of a Bayesian Boy: An interview with Thomas Hoskyns Leonard (Statistics Views)
Living people
Bayesian statisticians
British statisticians
1948 births
Chauvenet may refer to:
People
Enrico Rossi Chauvenet (born 1984) Italian footballer
Russ Chauvenet (1920–2003), chess champion and founder of science fiction fandom
William Chauvenet (1820–1870), American mathematician and educator
Other uses
Chauvenet (crater), lunar crater
Chauvenet Prize, award for mathematical expository writing
Chauvenet's criterion, means of assessing whether a data point is flawed
Mount Chauvenet, mountain in Wyoming, United States
USS Chauvenet (AGS-11), United States naval vessel
USNS Chauvenet (T-AGS-29), United States naval vessel
Heliconius clysonymus, the Clysonymus longwing, yellow longwing or montane longwing, is a species of Heliconius butterfly found in Central and South America.
Subspecies
Listed alphabetically:
H. c. clysonymus Latreille, [1817] – (Colombia)
H. c. hygiana (Hewitson, 1867) – (Ecuador)
H. c. montanus Salvin, 1871 – montane longwing (Costa Rica, Panama)
H. c. tabaconas Brown, 1976 – (Peru, Costa Rica)
References
External links
Clysonymus longwing, Neotropical Butterflies
Yellow longwing, Discover Life
clysonymus
Nymphalidae of South America
Butterflies described in 1817
Punarnavi Bhupalam is an Indian actress who works in Telugu films and television. She was nominated for Filmfare Award as Best Supporting Actress – Telugu for her debut in Uyyala Jampala (2013).
Early life
Punarnavi Bhupalam was born in Tenali, Andhra Pradesh to Bhagya Lakshmi and Nagesh Kumar. Her great-grandfather Bhupalam Subbarayudu Setty was a freedom fighter from Jammalamadugu, Cuddapah district, Andhra Pradesh. Her family is settled in Hyderabad. Bhupalam did her schooling in Vijayawada and Hyderabad, and graduated in psychology and journalism.
Career
Bhupalam started as a theatre student and ended up in movies at the age 17, her debut as a supporting role in the movie Uyyala Jampala was nominated for Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress – Telugu.
Filmography
Television
Web series
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from Andhra Pradesh
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Indian women comedians
People from Tenali
1996 births
Indian film actresses
Indian actresses
The 2011 The Bahamas Women's Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was part of the 2011 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Nassau, Bahamas between 14 and 20 March 2011.
Singles entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of March 7, 2010.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Timea Bacsinszky
Petra Kvitová
Sabine Lisicki
Alexandra Stevenson
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Sophie Ferguson
Han Xinyun
Olga Savchuk
Heather Watson
Champions
Singles
Anastasiya Yakimova def. Angelique Kerber, 6–3, 6–2
Doubles
Natalie Grandin / Vladimíra Uhlířová def. Raquel Kops-Jones / Abigail Spears, 6–4, 6–2
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
The Bahamas Women's Open
Hard court tennis tournaments
Paola Fabiana Ponce (born 25 June 1982), known professionally as Lola Ponce (), is an Argentine singer and actress.
Ponce made her breakthrough in Argentina and Latin America with her debut album Inalcanzable, which was released in 2001. She also earned a great popularity in Italy, after starring in musical Notre-Dame de Paris in Verona. Ponce has since released two more albums — Fearless (2004) and Il diario di Lola (2008) — and has performed in Spanish, Italian and English. In 2008, along with Giò Di Tonno, she won San Remo Festival with the song "Colpo di fulmine".
She sings in many Concerts with Andrea Bocelli and Riccardo Cocciante.
Life and career
Early life and career (1982–1997)
Lola Ponce was born in Rosario, Santa Fe Province, to Hector and María. She has two siblings, Claudia and Alejandro. Born and raised in a musical family, she formed a duo with her brother when she was only eight, performing melodic songs. Ponce took part in many festivals in Latin America as child and teenager. In 1998, she had a role in Chiquititas, a popular TV series created by Cris Morena, and signed a recording contract with producer Oscar Mediavilla in 1999. Ponce entered the University of Buenos Aires, but dropped it to pursue her music career.
Stardom (2001–present)
Ponce released her debut album Inalcanzable in 2001, achieving a great success in Latin America. In 2002, she was cast as Esméralda in theatre musical Notre-Dame de Paris, which was shown in Verona, Italy, and Barcelona, Spain. Ponce recorded two songs for the musical soundtrack, "Ave Maria Pagana" and "Ali in Gabbia, Occhi Selvaggi", and made her breakthrough in Italy and Europe. In 2004, she released her first album in English, Fearless, and in 2005 performed her song "Sleep" in the revival part of the San Remo Festival.
In 2008, she released third studio albums Il diario di Lola, which contains songs in Spanish, Italian and English. Ponce also won the 58th Sanremo Music Festival along with Giò Di Tonno and the song "Colpo di fulmine". The song reached number one at Italian Singles Chart. In 2010, Ponce appeared in several television series and films, and starred the stage adaptation of Alessandro Manzoni's novel The Betrothed. She also participated in Argentine version of Dancing with the Stars, Bailando por un sueño, and released her first compilation album Lola.
Personal life
Ponce dated Italian lawyer Manuel Malenotti for five years, from 2005 to 2010.
She began a relationship with her co-star Aarón Díaz in 2012. The pair began dating after meeting on the set of the telenovela El Talisman. They have two daughters: Erin (born February 2013) and Regina (born August 2014). The couple got married in June 2015, in a private ceremony held in Morocco.
Discography
2001: Inalcanzable
2002: Notre-Dame de Paris
2004: Fearless
2008: Il diario di Lola
2010: Lola
Filmography
References
External links
1982 births
Argentine female models
21st-century Argentine women singers
Argentine film actresses
Argentine stage actresses
Argentine telenovela actresses
Argentine television actresses
Place of birth missing (living people)
English-language singers from Argentina
Italian-language singers
Living people
People from San Lorenzo Department
Sony BMG artists
Sanremo Music Festival winners
Bailando por un Sueño (Argentine TV series) participants
The men's freestyle 55 kilograms at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Ano Liosia Olympic Hall, August 27 to August 28.
The competition held with an elimination system of three or four wrestlers in each pool, with the winners qualify for the quarterfinals, semifinals and final by way of direct elimination.
Schedule
All times are Eastern European Summer Time (UTC+03:00)
Results
Legend
WO — Won by walkover
Elimination pools
Pool 1
Pool 2
Pool 3
Pool 4
Pool 5
Pool 6
Pool 7
Knockout round
Final standing
References
Official Report
Official website
Men's Freestyle 55kg
Men's events at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Raghunandan Panshikar (born 1963) is a Hindustani classical vocalist. He has received training in the Jaipur gharana Panshikar has established his own unique treatment to classical singing under tutelage of Kishori Aamonkar, which diverted from traditional Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana. A versatile artist, he sings semi classical forms like Bhajans, Thumris, Gazals and Natya Sangeet with panache. Recipient of several prestigious awards,Panshikar has made his mark in performances throughout India as well as in Europe, the United States and the Middle east.
Early life
Panshikar was born into a family of Sanskrit scholars and classical musicians. He is the son of the eminent Marathi stage actor and producer Prabhakar Panshikar. Panshikar's aptitude for music was recognized and fostered from an early age. He began his formal study of music in Mumbai at the age of eleven. He learned music from the late Vasantrao Kulkarni for two years. Later he took training from the doyen of Jaipur gharana, Kishori Amonkar from the age of 17, over next 20–22 years. During this time, Raghunandan had the rare fortune to be guided by Kishori Tai's mother, Mogubai Kurdikar.
Career
Awards
Smt.Manik Varma Puraskar
Upadhye Smriti Puraskar for contribution in Indian Classical Music
He has been awarded by Swaryogini Dr. Prabha Atre award from Gaanvardhan & Tatyasaheb Natu foundation Pune, for his significant achievements and performing career.
Achievements
(Best Music Direction)For The Musical Drama 'Avgha Rang Ekachi Zala'
Z Gaurav Puraskar
Ma.Taa.(Maharashtra Times) Sanman
An Award from Maharashtra State
Ramkrishnabua Vaze Puraskar
See also
Kishori Amonkar
Footnotes
1963 births
Living people
Hindustani singers
Singers from Mumbai
20th-century Indian male classical singers
Indian classical composers
Hindustani composers
21st-century Indian male classical singers
Details of the records and statistics for the Austrian football club SK Rapid Wien. All data based on the official club archive.
Players in bold are currently active for Rapid Wien.
Highest wins and losses
Highest Wins
League
Cup
International
Highest Losses
League
Cup
International
Goalscorers
For a ranking of league and total goals see article List of SK Rapid Wien players
International goals
Domestic cup goals
Includes both the Austrian Cup and the German Tschammerpokal during the annexation of Austria from 1938 to 1945.
Goals as substitute
Most goals in one game
Youngest and oldest goal scorers
Note: Some players in Rapid history have unknown birthdates and are therefore not considered in the following lists.
Youngest goal scorers
Oldest goal scorers
Top goalscorers by season
Bold means the player was also the leagues overall top goal scorer.
Appearances
For a ranking of league and total appearances see article List of SK Rapid Wien players
International appearances
Domestic cup appearances
Includes both the Austrian Cup and the German Tschammerpokal during the annexation of Austria from 1938 to 1945.
Youngest and oldest players
Note: Some players in Rapid history have unknown birthdates and are therefore not considered in the following lists.
Youngest players
Oldest players
Discipline
Most sending-offs
Most yellow cards
Being booked twice for a send-off is counted as 2 yellow cards in this statistic.
European records
Non-UEFA competitions
UEFA competitions
References
External links
SK Rapid Wien
Rapid Wien
KNBX-CD, virtual channel 31 (UHF digital channel 14), is a low-powered, Class A television station licensed to Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, which airs Armenian-language programming on its primary subchannel. The station is owned by HC2 Holdings. KNBX-CD's transmitter is located on Mount Arden near Henderson, Nevada.
History
KNBX-CD (meaning Nevada BoX) was owned by Equity Media Holdings and previously broadcast programming from TeleFórmula. Before that, it had aired programming from MTV2. Like most over-the-air MTV2 affiliates, it was an affiliate of The Box until that network's acquisition by Viacom in 2001.
KNBX-CD was sold at auction to Mako Communications on April 16, 2009. Most recently, it operated as a translator of Azteca América affiliate KMCC (channel 34).
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
Low-power television stations in the United States
NBX-CD
Television channels and stations established in 1998
1998 establishments in Nevada
The 1999 CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament was the 28th CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament. It was played between March 12 and March 20, 1999. Opening round games were played at campus sites, while all 'final four' games were played at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. By winning the tournament, Michigan received the Central Collegiate Hockey Association's automatic bid to the 1999 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format
The tournament featured three rounds of play. The three teams that finish below eighth place in the standings were not eligible for postseason play. In the quarterfinals, the first and eighth seeds, the second and seventh seeds, the third seed and sixth seeds and the fourth seed and fifth seeds played a best-of-three series, with the winners advancing to the semifinals. In the semifinals, the remaining highest and lowest seeds and second highest and second lowest seeds play a single-game, with the winners advancing to the finals. The tournament champion receives an automatic bid to the 1999 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Conference standings
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against
Bracket
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)
Quarterfinals
(1) Michigan State vs. (8) Lake Superior State
(2) Michigan vs. (7) Bowling Green
(3) Ohio State vs. (6) Ferris State
(4) Notre Dame vs. (5) Northern Michigan
Semifinals
(1) Michigan State vs. (5) Northern Michigan
(2) Michigan vs. (3) Ohio State
Championship
(2) Michigan vs. (5) Northern Michigan
Tournament awards
All-Tournament Team
F Mark Kosick* (Michigan)
F Sean Ritchlin (Michigan)
F J.P. Vigier (Northern Michigan)
D Sean Connolly (Northern Michigan)
D Mike Van Ryn (Michigan)
G Josh Blackburn (Michigan)
* Most Valuable Player(s)
References
External links
1998-99 CCHA Season
CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament
Ccha tournament
Bakavol (, also Romanized as Bakāvol; also known as Bakāvol Va Samandeh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 463, in 120 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1979 Gloucester City Council election took place on 5 May 1979 to elect members of Gloucester City Council in England.
Results
|}
Ward results
Barnwood
Barton
Eastgate
Hucclecote
Kingsholm
Linden
Longlevens
Matson
Podsmead
Tuffley
Westgate
References
1979 English local elections
1979
1970s in Gloucestershire
Cerion chrysalis is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerionidae, the peanut snails.
References
Cerionidae
Gastropods described in 1837
Juraj Ljubić (born 26 May 2000) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bosnian Premier League club Posušje.
Club career
In January 2020, Ljubić joined Osijek where he started for the clubs reserve team, playing in the Croatian 2. HNL.
On 4 February 2021, he signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Bosnian Premier League club Zrinjski Mostar. Ljubić made his official debut for the club on 27 February 2021, in a league game against Krupa.
In July 2021, he left Zrinjski and joined Posušje.
International career
Ljubić represented Croatia on various youth levels.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Croatian footballers
Croatian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Croatian Football League players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
S.P.A.L. players
NK Inter Zaprešić players
NK Osijek players
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar players
HŠK Posušje players
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
United States gubernatorial elections were held on November 5, 2013 in New Jersey and Virginia. These elections formed part of the 2013 United States elections. Before the elections, both seats were held by Republicans. Republican incumbent Chris Christie won reelection in New Jersey, while in Virginia, Democrat Terry McAuliffe won the open seat held by term-limited Republican Bob McDonnell.
This is the last time that a Republican won the governorship in New Jersey.
Race summary
Results
Closest races
States where the margin of victory was under 5%:
Virginia, 2.6%
Blue denotes states won by Democrats.
New Jersey
Governor Chris Christie ran for a second term. Christie's re-election campaign could be the prelude to a 2016 presidential campaign for him.
Christie's approval ratings have hovered at or above 50% consistently throughout 2012, and broke records as the highest approval rating of any New Jersey governor in a recent Fairleigh Dickinson poll.
State Senator and former State Senate Democratic Leader Barbara Buono was the Democratic nominee.
The Libertarian nominee was Ken Kaplan, who also ran for U.S. Senator in 2012.
Chris Christie cruised to victory on November 5, 2013 when he won in a landslide victory against his adversary, Barbara Buono. Christie won 60.4% of the vote compared to 38.1% of the vote Buono earned. Exit polls also showed that Christie appealed to ethnic minorities, an increasing priority for Republicans.
Virginia
Governor Bob McDonnell was term-limited in 2013, as Governors of Virginia cannot serve consecutive terms.
Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli was the Republican nominee for Governor, after winning the nomination at Virginia's 2013 Republican Party convention.
Terry McAuliffe, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee, was the Democratic nominee for Governor, after being the only candidate to file for the race.
Robert Sarvis, an entrepreneur and lawyer, was the Libertarian Party nominee. On June 26, 2013, the Virginia State Board of Elections confirmed to Sarvis's campaign that he would be listed on the ballot statewide during the elections this November.
On November 5, 2013, Terry McAuliffe narrowly beat Ken Cuccinelli by a margin of 48% to 45.5% with Robert Sarvis accounting for the other 6.6% of the vote.
References
Arbaiyah Abdul Manan, known professionally as Abby Abadi (born 1 December 1977) is a Malaysian singer, host and actress. She is best known as one of the members of the Malaysian girl group Elite, which gained success in late 1990s and early 2000s and known for her role as Inspector (later DSP) Aleeza in the longest-running Malaysian action drama series Gerak Khas, where she is one of the six original cast members. She won the Anugerah Bintang Popular Berita Harian for Most Popular TV Actress five times, between 2000, 2001, 2002, and 2003.
Career
Abby Abadi started out as one of the members of the KRU's first Malaysian girl group named Elite and the when she was just 18 years old. Abadi has released two albums with the group and left in 1998.
Her acting career started in 1999 when she landed the lead role as Inspector (later DSP) Aleeza in longest-running Malaysian police procedural television series, Gerak Khas where she also sang the series' theme music with co-star AC Mizal and appeared in all 13 seasons until the series went on indefinite hiatus in 2011. She returned to the series in 2019. Since then, Abadi remained active in film and television.
Personal life
Abby Abadi married her Gerak Khas co-star, Norman Hakim, in 2002. Norman and Abby was legally divorced (talak satu) at the Gombak Timur Shariah Court in 2008. They have three children together: Mohamed Danish Hakim, Marissa Dania, and Maria Danisha.
Four years after her divorce from Norman Hakim, Abby married Muhammad Noor Farhan Che Bakar. He is 12 years younger than her. Their marriage only lasted for a year. They divorced on 9 May 2014.
She married her third husband, Muhammad Faizal Zakari, in 2015.
Involvement in politics
Abby Abadi joined the Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) and received criticism for the decision due to her lifestyle. Abby is working with Hairi Othman to improve the image of PAS.
She was said to have married a PAS assembly member Mohd Zaki Ibrahim. However, she denied the claims.
Controversy
Controversial comments about Islam
Abby is quite vocal in voicing her opinion on Islamic teaching. Ever since she became a member of PAS, she began giving sermons and teachings.
Because most of her views contradicts the teachings of Islam, Abby was condemned in the Malaysian blogosphere. In a Malay language portal, it shows that Abby stated that, the reason for all the things that she has done in PAS is for the benefits of her friends, family and the society. She believes that her work in PAS can guarantee her salvation in the afterlife.
Feud with religious scholar
Because of her controversial comments on Islam, Abby was criticized by Mohd Asri Zainul Abidin. Abby and Mohd Asri fight on Facebook And Twitter. Abby has also been questioned by PAS member and religious teacher Ustaz Azhar Idrus. Azhar Idrus suggested that Abby must further her studies and conduct extensive research on subjects that she wanted to comment.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Telemovie
Television
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Malaysian television actresses
People from Kuala Lumpur
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
20th-century Malaysian actresses
21st-century Malaysian actresses
The rue La Boétie is a street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, running from rue d'Astorg to avenue des Champs-Élysées. It is named in honour of Étienne de La Boétie (1530–1563), friend of moralist Michel de Montaigne.
History
From 1640, the space today found between the streets of the Colosseum and Berri, avenue des Champs-Élysées and the rue du Faubourg-Saint-Honoré was occupied by the Royal nursery. This provided all the trees, shrubs and flowers for the Royal residences. Decommissioned under the Régence to make way for a subdivision planned by John Law, the plan was eventually dropped.
In 1755 the land became the property of the Louis Phélypeaux, comte de Saint-Florentin, who was then Secretary of State of the Maison du Roi, who ceded it in 1764 to his mistress, Marie-Madeleine de Cusacque the Countess of Langeac (1725–1778). She then sold it in 1772 to the Comte d'Artois, who later became Charles X of France, Louis XVI's younger brother.
Planning approval via Letters Patent was given on 29 November 1777, that allowed the Prince to break into the field from rue d'Angoulême with a width of , and to name it in honor of his eldest son Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême (1775–1844). New letters patent of 4 April 1778 approved the opening of the streets of Ponthieu, Neuve-de-Berri (current rue de Berri), new-de-Poitiers (current rue d'Artois) and Angoulême-Saint-Honoré. An alignment report was drawn up by the office of the City of Paris on 24 November 1778, allowing a ministerial decision to be taken on 27 December 1803 width set the width of the street to .
During the French Revolution and until 1815, the street bore the name rue de l'Union (Union Street). It then resumed its original name until 1830, when it became rue de la Charte (Street of the Charter). It then underwent a quick succession of names, becoming rue Lapeyrouse, rue d'Angoulême once again (1852), rue de Morny (1863), rue de la Commune (1871), rue Mac-Mahon and finally rue Pierre-Charron in 1871. The area between the place Saint-Augustin and the place Chand-Goyon was called rue de la Pépinière until 1868, and then rue Abattucci.
The street took its current name in 1879, throughout its length, in honour of Étienne de La Boétie (1530–1563), friend moralist of Michel de Montaigne.
Notable buildings
References
Boetie
Kalee Kreider (born 1971) is the President of Ridgely Walsh, a boutique public affairs agency based in Washington, D.C. She was the Chief of Content at The National Geographic Society. She was the former environmental adviser and spokesperson for Al Gore. In this role, she helped develop the materials for An Inconvenient Truth. She is a senior adviser for the United Nations Foundation.
Education and early career
Kreider was born in Columbus, Ohio. She studied history at Rollins College, which she graduated in 1992. She joined Rollins College because of Pedro Pequeño, an anthropologist. She began her career as a Truman Fellow in the Clinton Administration. She was selected as the White House Scholar-in-Residence, where she worked on the Clinton Crime Bill. She left the White House to set up a non-governmental organization called Ozone Action. She worked for Greenpeace and the National Environment Trust (now one of The Pew Charitable Trusts). During her time at Greenpeace, Kreider negotiated the Kyoto Protocol.
Career
After the 2000 United States presidential election, it became obvious that the Kyoto Protocol was not going to be ratified. Kreider left climate policy, and started a position at Fenton Communications. She was recruited to Al Gore's team to help write a speech about the Iraq War.
Kreider moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where she moved in 2006 to join the Office for Al Gore. She served as Gore's environmental adviser. During this time, she researched and marketed Al Gore's best-selling books and the film An Inconvenient Truth. The work she did with Gore contributed to his Nobel Peace Prize.
In 2013 Kreider established her own consultancy, Kreider Strategies LLC. The consultancy provided information about climate change and technology. In 2019 she was made Chief of Content at the National Geographic Society, where she will lead corporate communications and public affairs.
She is a Senior Adviser for the United Nations Foundation and Vulcan Inc. She has called for more women to be involved with monitoring and mitigating climate change.
Personal life
Kreider is married to Jack Pratt, a farmer turned politician.
References
People from Columbus, Ohio
1971 births
Environmental protection
Rollins College alumni
United Nations Foundation
Living people
The Point Douglas–St. Louis River Road Bridge, built in 1865, is the second oldest known stone arch bridge in the state of Minnesota after Sibley's Ferry Bridge in Mendota, which was built in 1864. It was constructed in Stillwater Township to carry the Point Douglas to Superior Military Road over Brown's Creek. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 for having local significance in the themes of engineering and transportation. It was nominated as an example of stone engineering and as a remnant of Minnesota's early government roads.
History
The road that was carried by the bridge was built as one of Minnesota's earliest road construction projects. When Minnesota became a territory in 1849, there were few land transportation routes other than the Red River Trails, although water transportation was possible along the rivers. Henry Hastings Sibley, who later became Minnesota's first governor, appealed to the United States Congress in 1850 for funds to build a network of military roads in Minnesota Territory. The Minnesota Road Act was passed in July 1850. The Point Douglas to Superior Military Road was authorized from Point Douglas (north of present-day Hastings), through Cottage Grove, Stillwater, Marine Mills (now Marine on St. Croix), Falls of St. Croix (now Taylors Falls), and to the "Falls or Rapids of the Saint Louis River of Lake Superior". The presumed purpose of these military roads was to provide a way for army troops to move quickly to an area where they were needed, but in practice these roads were more often used by civilians traveling between existing settlements or settling new areas.
James H. Simpson, an officer in the U.S. Army and a member of the United States Corps of Topographical Engineers, was placed in charge of road construction. As specified in his construction bid, the original bridge built during the construction of the military road was wooden. Federal involvement in the road projects ended after Minnesota became a state, and the last personal left st. Paul in 1861. By 1863, it was clear a new, sturdier bridge was needed. On September 2, 1863, a contract was made with Michael Hanley and Fredrick Curtis for the construction of a stone bridge across Brown's Creek by the Washington County Commissioners. But, when Curtis and Hanley appeared before the County Commissioners to receive payment, on November 20, 1863, the commissioners stated that their contract was not fulfilled and their work was not accepted for unknown reasons. On August 3, 1865, a motion was made to have Commissioner William Willim lead and oversee the construction of a replacement bridge. Commissioner Willim's bridge was completed and accepted by the County on October 17, 1865 at a cost of $1197.38. Brown's Creek had been diverted south to power one of the first sawmills in Stillwater, and the remaining trickle was easy to ford. The Point Douglas to St. Louis River Road was never fully completed as a military road because Congress only allocated $10,000, $15,000, or $20,000 at a time, so Sibley and other representatives had to keep appealing to Congress for more funds to complete the roads. By 1858, the year Minnesota became a state, two-thirds of the Point Douglas to St. Louis River Road was substantially complete.
The bridge is built of locally quarried limestone by Washington County Commissioner William Willim, who also was a stone and plaster contractor. The stone bridge was used until about 1891, when a wider wood bridge was built about east of the stone bridge, and the road was shifted onto a new alignment. In 1905 a local miller incorporated the bridge into a three-story mill on the site. The mill did not succeed, and it was torn down in 1927, leaving only the bridge.
See also
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Minnesota
References
Bridges completed in 1863
Former road bridges in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Minnesota
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Stone arch bridges in the United States
Transportation buildings and structures in Washington County, Minnesota
1863 establishments in Minnesota
Haddon Heights Junior/Senior High School, previously known as Haddon Heights High School (HHHS), is a six-year comprehensive public middle school / high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grades from Haddon Heights, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Haddon Heights School District. The school also serves students from the neighboring communities of Barrington, Lawnside and Merchantville (starting in the 2015-16 school year), who attend the high school for grades 9–12 as part of sending/receiving relationships.
History
The first graduating class in June 1903 included students from Audubon. The high school's current Tudor Gothic-style building, constructed at a cost of $500,000 (equivalent to $ million in ) opened in September 1924.
In September 1960, students from Magnolia, Somerdale and Stratford left the high school to start attending the new Sterling High School.
In 1992, the borough of Merchantville, which at the time was sending students to Pennsauken High School in Pennsauken Township as part of a longstanding sending/receiving relationship with the Pennsauken Public Schools, made plans to switch its high school students to Haddon Heights High, but the New Jersey Commissioner of Education did not allow these plans to go forward. In 2012, the board of the Merchantville School District decided to send its students to Haddon Heights High. The Haddon Heights district approved a plan in September 2013; it would add nearly 80 students a year from Merchantville to the high school, in addition to the average of more than 260 students from Barrington and 120 from Lawnside that are sent to Haddon Heights each year. The plan was approved by the Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Education, and students from Merchantville began attending the school in September 2015. Students from Merchantville already in high school before 2015 will continue to attend Pennsauken High until their graduation. Scott Strong, the chief administrator of the Merchantville district, stated that "Haddon Heights offers the right programs, the right diversity and really met our needs."
Demographics
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 997 students and 82.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.2:1. There were 133 students (13.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 24 (2.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings
The school was the 207th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 151st in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 129th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 168th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 135th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 159th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 69 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (84.0%) and language arts literacy (91.8%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics
The Haddon Heights High School Garnets compete in the Colonial Conference, which is comprised of public high schools in Camden and Gloucester counties operating under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 657 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2022–24 school years as Group II South for most athletic competition purposes. The football team competes in the Constitution Division of the 94-team West Jersey Football League superconference and was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II South for football for 2022–2024.
Basketball
Boys
The boys' basketball team took advantage of the height of its players to win the Group II state championship in 1970, defeating Union Hill High School by a score of 65-58 in the tournament final played at Convention Hall in Atlantic City.
Girls
The girls' basketball team won the 2007 South, Group II state sectional championship with a 33-26 win against Cinnaminson High School.
Soccer
The boys' team won the Group II state title in 1974, defeating Verona High School in the tournament championship game, and won the Group I state title in 2012, winning by a score of 3-0 against Harrison High School in the tournament final in a game played at The College of New Jersey.
Track and field
The boys track team won the Group III spring track state championship in 1947, 1949, 1958, 1962-1964, won the Group II title in 1975, and won the Group I title in 1990-1992. The program's 10 state championships are tied for seventh-most in the state.
The girls team won the Group II spring track state championship in 1980 and 2007 (tied with Hanover Park High School), and the Group I title in 1991.
The girls track team and the boys team both won the Group II indoor state championship in 2006.
The girls track team won the Group I indoor relay championship in 2006
Field hockey
The team won the South Jersey Group II state sectional championship in 1985.
Cross-country
The boys cross-country team won the Group I state championship in 1992 and 2007. The 1991 boys team finished a perfect season of 11-0 for the first time in 17 years, won the South sectional title and finished second in the state meet. The 1992 boys' team won the South sectional title and won the Group I state championship for the first time in the school's history. The 2007 team claimed the South Jersey Group I sectional title; they also claimed the Group I state title.
Softball
The softball team won the Group II state championship in 2001 (defeating Pompton Lakes High School in the final game of the tournament) and the Group I championship in 2013 (vs. Saddle Brook High/Middle School).
In 2001, the team won their second consecutive South, Group II state sectional championship with a 2-0 win against Manchester Township High School and went on to win the Group II state title, the program's first, with a 2-0 win against Pompton Lakes.
The 2013 team won the Group I state title with a 5-3 win against Saddle Brook in the championship game.
Baseball
The team won the South Jersey Group I state sectional championship in 2015 with a 3-1 win against fifth-seeded Wildwood High School.
Extracurricular activities
Marching band:
The marching band was Tournament of Bands Atlantic Coast Champions in Group 1 in 1994. They were also the TOB Chapter 1 Champions in Group 1 from 1992-1997.
The school's marching band finished in third place at the 2007 United States Scholastic Band Association National Championships, competing as a Group I band at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore, Maryland on November 16, 2007, with a score of 94.175, missing second place by 1/20th of a point.
At the USSBA Yamaha Cup competition in October 2012, the marching band came in first in the 1 Open group, winning awards for Best Visual and Best Guard.
In November 2013, at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, the unit took home their first ever USBands Group 1 Open National Championship, with a score of 90.25.
The following season (2014), the unit went undefeated in the regular season in both the USBands and Tournament of Bands circuits. They proceeded to go a combined 4-1 in their championship performances in both circuits (the only loss being the Atlantic Coast Championships where they finished third). The unit won their second consecutive national championship, scoring a 94.450, over a four point improvement from the previous season's national championship victory.
During the 2015 campaign, the unit won the Tournament of Bands Groups 1 Open New Jersey State Championship at Toms River High School North, on October 24, 2015.
The 2018 season saw the unit take home their first USBands Group 1 Open New Jersey State Championship since the 2014 season, taking down the defending national champion in Burlington City High School, after going 0-2 when seeing them in the regular season.
Following the 2018 season, the unit lost 14 of its 35 total members, leaving the unit with only three senior members on the roster entering the 2019 season. Despite this, the unit went on to have by far their most successful season since the 2014 season, highlighted by taking home their second consecutive USBands Group 1 Open New Jersey State Championship, again defeating the defending national champion (again being Burlington). The championships were held at Wayne Valley High School on November 3, 2019.
Color guard:
The school's indoor color guard, known as High Voltage (or HV for short), was the Scholastic Open Class champions at the Tournament Indoor Association (TIA) All-Chapter Championships in 1994 and 1996.
High Voltage was WGI (Winter Guard International) finalists in the years 2000, 2001, 2003, 2005, and 2006. They finished as high as 6th place in both 2005 and 2006.
They were the Scholastic World Class Champions from 1998-2001, the Independent Open Class Champions in 2005 and 2006, and the Independent A Class Champions in 2002, 2004, 2007, 2008, and 2009. Their run from 1998-2009, in which they won an All-Chapter championship in 11 out of 12 seasons, is widely regarded as the best championship run in TIA history.
They were the Independent A Class Champions in the MAIN circuit in 2004, 2005, and 2009.
High Voltage was also 2014 USBands Indoor Color Guard Scholastic 3A champions.
Indoor percussion ensemble:
The school's indoor percussion ensemble was the Tournament Indoor Association Scholastic A champion in 2006.
The school's indoor percussion ensemble also attended the 2007 and 2008 WGI (Winter Guard International) World Championships in Dayton, Ohio.
In 2008, the percussion ensemble was the 2008 Tournament Indoor Association Scholastic Open All Chapter Champions performing their award-winning show entitled, Illusions.
In 2011, at the Tournament Indoor Association Atlantic Coast Championships, the percussion ensemble won the Scholastic Intermediate A Prelims round with a score of 92.500, yet in just after two days in their finals performance, they jumped to a 97.975, becoming the 2011 Scholastic Intermediate A Atlantic Coast Champions.
In 2014, the percussion ensemble won the Scholastic Novice Atlantic Coast Championship, earning their fourth title in nine seasons.
Administration
The school's principal is Karim Fisher. His core administration team includes two assistant principals and the athletic director.
Notable alumni
Tommy Avallone (born , class of 2001), film director and producer.
Sarah K. Elfreth (born 1988, class of 2006), member of the Maryland Senate representing the 30th district, comprising Annapolis and southern Anne Arundel County.
Ray Fisher (born 1988) actor in 2008 short film The Good, the Bad, and the Confused and Cyborg in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Kristin Hunter (1931-2008), author best known for her first novel, God Bless the Child, published in 1964
Steve Israel (born 1969), former football cornerback who played nine seasons in NFL
Herb Kelleher (1931-2019), co-founder, Chairman and former CEO of Southwest Airlines
Bill Manlove (born 1933, class of 1951), National Champion football coach at Widener University, member of College Football Hall of Fame
Walter E. Pedersen (1911-1998, class of 1929), union leader and politician who served as Mayor of Clementon and a two-year term in the New Jersey General Assembly.
Haason Reddick (born 1994), football linebacker selected 13th overall in 2017 NFL Draft by Arizona Cardinals
Bo Wood (born 1945), former American football player and high school coach, who played in the NFL for the Atlanta Falcons.
References
External links
Haddon Heights School District Website
School Data for the Haddon Heights School District, National Center for Education Statistics
South Jersey Sports: Haddon Heights HS
Haddon Heights, New Jersey
Barrington, New Jersey
Lawnside, New Jersey
Merchantville, New Jersey
1910 establishments in New Jersey
Public middle schools in New Jersey
Public high schools in Camden County, New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1910
The men's 200 metre breaststroke competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 24 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Kosuke Kitajima of Japan.
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, all in breaststroke.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 24, at 12:55.
B Final
The B final was held on August 24, at 20:54.
A Final
The final was held on August 24, at 20:54.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Anne Westfall is an American game programmer and software developer, known for 1983's Archon: The Light and the Dark, originally written for the Atari 8-bit family. She is married to fellow game developer Jon Freeman. Both are founders of Free Fall Associates.
Career
Westfall began computer programming at the age of 30. Before moving into the video game industry, Westfall worked as a programmer for a civil engineering firm Morton Technology, where she developed the first microcomputer-based program designed to help lay out subdivisions.
In 1981, Westfall and her husband, Jon, left Epyx, the video game developer and publisher her husband co-founded just three years earlier. Westfall cited a desire to learn assembly language and to work on the Atari 800 as one reason for their departure from Epyx.
Together with game designer Paul Reiche III, they started Free Fall Associates to make computer games free of the politics existing at the now larger Epyx. Together with Jon and Reiche, she helped develop the two award-winning and highly acclaimed games Archon and Archon II, handling the brunt of the programming work.
For six years, Westfall was on the board of directors of the Computer Game Developers Conference.
Personal
Westfall met Jon at the West Coast Computer Faire in 1980 while demonstrating her surveying program she wrote for the TRS-80. Her booth was next to that of Automated Simulations—later Epyx—where Jon was working. After dating for about six months, Freeman convinced Westfall to move closer and come to work at his company.
See also
List of women in the video game industry
Women and video games
Women in computing
References
External links
MobyGames' entry on Westfall
Free Fall Associates chapter of Halcyon Days: Interviews with Classic Computer and Video Game Programmers
American computer programmers
Video game programmers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women video game programmers
Computer programmers
Ikechukwu Sunday Okonkwo (born 8 July 1990), popularly known as Cross, is a Nigerian reality television actor and entrepreneur. He was the 3rd runner-up on season 6 of Big Brother Naija and the son of the late Ezego.
Background and family
Cross was born in Kano state, Nigeria. He is from Oba, Idemili South in Anambra state. He is the son of Ezego. He has two sisters and four brothers. Following the death of his father, his family had to seek asylum overseas as a result of the trauma surrounding his death. His mother, Uju Grace Okonkwo, is an Evangelist and pastor based at the Holy Ghost School Training Program in Canada.
Controversies
Leaked nudes
Cross' nude video was leaked on social media platform Snapchat by his official account. He claimed it was unintentional, being that he had been away from his gadgets locked in the Big Brother Nigeria house for long, he wasn't used to the new interface of the app and that led to him posting the picture unintentionally to the public. However he suffered backlash from the public, as a lot of people believed he posted it on purpose as a publicity stunt as had become a norm for celebrities like Tiwa Savage, MC Galaxy during this period to post nudes and claim they were ignorant about the leaks. Cross also stated that having to face his mother following the nude leak, was one of the worst feelings of his life.
Arrest in South Africa
Cross was arrested in South Africa for violating curfew during a vacation in 2021. He was arrested by the African police in Soweto. He told the police that his name was Siyabonga, which is a South African name which was given to him by his South African fans. For that reason, he was released on the same night.
Big Brother Nigeria
Cross entered the 6th season of Big Brother Naija as the eleventh contestant to come into the house on 24 July 2021. He was the third runner-up. He shared a close friendship with fellow housemate Angel while he was in the house. Cross Okonkwo was seen as one of the contestants that could have given Whitemoney stern competition in winning the Season 6 edition of the show.
Entrepreneurship
Cross is owner of the Cross View Hotel in Owerri, Imo state and a co-owner of Gemhouse restaurant, Abuja. He is also the MD of Cross Fitness Nutrition and also has his fitness products. He is also a crypto investor and enthusiast, heading into crypto trading in 2015 and then into NFTs and the metaverse in 2021.
Filmography
Television
Discography
Personal life
Cross is a fitness enthusiast. He is also against extravagant spending; rather he spends his money on investment. He is single and has dyslexia. He gave his support to Atiku Abubakar for president in the 2023 Nigerian general election; he suffered backlash from the youths for his choice of candidate. He later went on to pay a courtesy visit to Atiku in Lagos.
References
1990 births
Living people
People from Anambra State
Participants in Nigerian reality television series
21st-century Nigerian musicians
Big Brother (franchise) contestants
Igbo people
Taherabad (, also Romanized as Ţāherābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Brianna Felnagle (born December 9, 1986) is an American middle-distance runner.
Prep
Born in Tacoma, Washington, Felnagle won two Washington Interscholastic Activities Association state cross-country and six track and field titles. Felnagle earned a silver medal in the mile 2005 Nike Outdoor Nationals with a time of 4:39.71 behind Sarah Bowman's 4:36.95.
Felnagle was a 2004 Foot Locker Cross Country Championships All-American placing 6th in 18:02.
As a Junior, Felnagle was named 2004 Gatorade Player of the Year awards Track and Field.
College
Felnagle ran at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where she was an indoor national champion in the distance medley relay, outdoor national champion in the 1500 meters, and was a cross-country All-American. Felnagle earned her 12th All-America honor in 2009 NCAA Division 1 Indoor Championships.
Professional
In 2008, Felnagle competed at the 2008 United States Olympic Trials (track and field) in the 1,500.
In 2011, Felnagle was the winner at the USATF National Club Cross Country Championships. At 2011 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, she placed 7th in 4:10.33.
In 2012, Felnagle competed at the 2012 United States Olympic Trials (track and field) in the 5,000.
In 2013, Felnagle placed 7th in 15:46.05 at the 2013 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Felnagle finished 3rd in the 2 mile race at the 2015 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships.
Felnagle competed at the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships where she finished 45th after placing 4th at the 2015 Boulder USA Cross Country Championships.
References
External links
Brie Felnagle Twitter
Brie Felnagle Diamond League profile
Brie Felnagle Athletics profile
Brie Felnagle University of North Carolina profile
Living people
American female middle-distance runners
North Carolina Tar Heels women's track and field athletes
Track and field athletes from Washington (state)
1986 births
Sportspeople from Tacoma, Washington
Valmet Oyj is a Finnish company and a developer and supplier of technologies, automation systems and services for the pulp, paper and energy industries.
Valmet has over 200 years of history as an industrial operator. Formerly owned by the State of Finland, Valmet was reborn in December 2013 with the demerger of the pulp, paper and power businesses from Metso Corporation.
Valmet's services include maintenance outsourcing, mill and power plant improvements, and spare parts. The company provides technology for pulp, tissue, board and paper mills and bioenergy plants. Valmet has operations in approximately 30 countries and it employs about 13,600 people. Its headquarters are located in Espoo, and it is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki. In 2019, Valmet's net sales totaled €3.5 billion.
History
Historical products
During its history, Valmet has made ships, trains, aeroplanes, tractors, clocks and weapons, as described in the list of Valmet products.
Roots in the 18th century
The company originated in the 1750s when a small shipyard was established in the Sveaborg fortress (now called Suomenlinna) on the islands outside Helsinki, at the time a part of the Swedish province Nyland. In the early 20th century, it ended up under the ownership of the Finnish state and became part of Valmet. Tamfelt was established in 1797 and became one of the leading suppliers of technical textiles. These operations are now part of Valmet's Service business line.
Several of the companies forming part of the new Valmet Corporation that was born in the 2010s date back to the 19th century. The Karlstad Mekaniska Werkstad (KMW) in Sweden began in 1865. Beloit Corporation began in 1858 as a foundry in the city of Beloit, Wisconsin, US. Sunds Bruk, the predecessor of Sunds Defibrator Industries Ab, was established in Sweden in 1868.
1946–1998 Creation of Valmet
In 1946, several metal workshops owned by the Finnish state were merged to form the Valtion Metallitehtaat (), abbreviated as ValMet. The new company came to include various metalworks that manufactured war reparations products for the Soviet Union in different parts of Finland. In the year of its establishment, the company had some 6,200 employees.
At the beginning of 1951, the Valtion Metallitehtaat group was renamed Valmet Oy. The various factories, which had previously manufactured warships, aircraft and artillery pieces, spent years finding their new purposes. The conversion of an artillery works into a paper machine manufacturer was a success, but import restrictions created serious obstacles in its route to Western markets. The company's shipyard operations were often –and unfavorably – compared to those of Wärtsilä. The airplane industry was maintained to strengthen national security, but it was not profitable. The branch did, however, make a solid contribution to Valmet's product development and designed, among other things, the straddle carrier used in harbors and manufactured as part of Finland's war reparations. For decades, the entire conglomerate searched for new fields, such as the manufacture of cars or instrumentation. Modern quality control of production operations entered the Finnish manufacturing industry via Valmet's operations, for example in its car factories. National politics strongly influenced the management and decision-making in the company.
Valmet began manufacturing paper machines at the former Rautpohja artillery works in Jyväskylä, Finland in the early 1950s and delivered its first paper machine in 1953. Valmet became a paper machine supplier of international importance in the mid-1960s, when it delivered several machines to the world's leading paper industry countries.
In 1961, Valmet had 8,841 employees.
Valmet had shipyards in Turku and Helsinki (first in the Katajanokka district, later in Vuosaari). In 1986, Valmet sold its shipbuilding operations to Wärtsilä Oy, which merged them with its own shipyards to form Wärtsilä Marine. The company was declared bankrupt in 1989. The operations continued under the names of Masa Yards Oy, Kvaerner Masa-Yards Oy, Aker Yards Oy, Aker Finnyards Oy, STX Finland Oy and currently as Meyer Turku Oy.
In connection with the shipyard transaction, Valmet bought from Wärtsilä a paper finishing machinery unit located in Järvenpää, Finland. Together with Valmet's own paper machine manufacturing units, the Järvenpää unit formed Valmet Paperikoneet Oy, which then purchased Tampella's board machine manufacturing operations in 1992.
In 1986, Valmet's gun manufacturing unit in Jyväskylä was transferred under Sako-Valmet Oy, which was later renamed Sako Oy. The company is currently owned by the Italian gun manufacturer Beretta.
Valmet sold its tractor, forest machine and transportation vehicle manufacturing operations to Sisu Auto in 1994. In 1997, Sisu Auto was sold to Partek, and the tractors became known as Valtra Valmet, and later Valtra. In 2002, Kone Corporation bought Partek, and in 2004 it sold Sisu to Suomen Autoteollisuus Oy, formed by a group of Finnish private investors and the company management.
In 1988, Valmet had 17,405 employees.
1999–2012 Valmet and Rauma merge as Metso
In July 1999, Valmet Corporation and Rauma Corporation merged to form a new company. Initially called Valmet-Rauma Corporation, the name was changed to Metso Corporation in August 1999. At the time of the merger, Valmet was a paper and board machine supplier, while Rauma focused on fiber technology, rock crushing and flow control products. The merger produced an equipment supplier serving the process industry. Shares in Metso were listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, which replaced the listings of its predecessor companies.
In 2000, Metso acquired Beloit Corporation's tissue and paper-making technology as well as its service operations in the United States and France. In December 2006, Metso completed the acquisition of the pulping and power businesses from Norwegian company Aker Kvaerner ASA. The acquisition aimed to further improve the company's ability to serve the pulp and paper industries as a turnkey delivery partner, and to respond to the business opportunities created by power generation and biomass technologies. At the end of 2009, Metso acquired Tamfelt Corporation, one of the world's leading suppliers of technical textiles.
2013– Valmet reborn
On October 1, 2013, following a meeting, Metso was split into two companies: Valmet and Metso. After the demerger on December 31, 2013, the pulp, paper and power businesses of Metso formed the new Valmet Corporation, while the mining and construction and automation businesses remained with Metso.
Jukka Viinanen became chairman of Valmet's board of directors. Viinanen had served as a member of Metso's board from 2008 to 2013, and as the chairman since 2009.
In March 2015, Bo Risberg from Sweden replaced Jukka Viinanen as the chairman of Valmet's board of directors. Previously, Risberg had held a high position at ABB and the position of managing director at the construction supply company Hilti. He also holds positions of trust at Piab Holding, Grundfos Holding and Trelleborg, among others. The Members of the board are vice chairman Mikael von Frenckell, Lone Fønss Schrøder, Friederike Helfer, Pekka Lundmark, Erkki Pehu-Lehtonen and Rogerio Ziviani. Pekka Lundmark later resigned from the board after being nominated CEO of Fortum Corporation.
In April 2015, Valmet introduced an automation systems business. Valmet completed a EUR 340 million transaction with Metso to purchase its process automation system and service unit (PAS). y. At the time of the transaction, the PAS unit employed 1,600 people, and its net sales totaled EUR 300 million in 2013. In July 2015, Valmet announced the acquisition of Massimiliano Corsini's tissue paper rewinding business. The net sales of the 33-employee unit in Pescia, Italy, has remained steady at EUR 10 million in recent years.
In the beginning of 2019, Valmet acquired North American-based GL&V for EUR 113 million. GL&V supplied technologies, upgrades and optimization services, rebuilds, and spare parts for the pulp and paper industry, especially in the areas of chemical pulping, stock preparation, papermaking, and finishing. The acquired operations employed about 630 people and the net sales were approximately EUR 160 million. In May 2019, Valmet acquired American J&L Fiber Services Inc., which employed about 100 people in Wisconsin, USA, with net sales of approximately EUR 30 million. J&L Fiber was a manufacturer and provider of refiner segments to the pulp, paper and fiberboard industry. The enterprise value of the acquisition was approximately EUR 51 million. Both of the acquired companies became a part of Valmet's Services business. In September 2019, Valmet announced building a new pilot facility at its Fiber Technology Center in Sundsvall, Sweden to strengthen the company's research and development capabilities related to bioenergy, biofuels, and biochemicals. The new pilot facility comprises new pilot equipment called “BioTrac”, which uses Valmet DNA control system.
Organization and products
Valmet's operations are divided into five geographical areas: North America, South America, EMEA, China, and Asia-Pacific. Valmet operates in some 30 countries and employs 13,600 people. Valmet's primary production sites are the Rautpohja factory in Jyväskylä, Finland, and the units in Sweden's Karlstad and Sundsvall and China's Xi'an and Shanghai. Rautpohja is the center of paper and board machine engineering operations, the manufacture of components such as headboxes and the assembly of machine deliveries to Europe.
Recognitions
In 2019, Valmet was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) for the sixth consecutive year. The company was listed both in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and Europe indices.
In January 2020, Valmet was listed in the CDP's annual A-list among the best companies leading on environmental transparency and performance.
See also
Valmet Automotive
References
Conglomerate companies of Finland
Aircraft manufacturers of Finland
Motor vehicle manufacturers of Finland
Shipbuilding companies of Finland
Defence companies of Finland
1951 establishments in Finland
1999 disestablishments in Finland
Manufacturing companies established in 1951
Companies disestablished in 1999
Firearm manufacturers of Finland
Locomotive manufacturers of Finland
Finnish companies established in 1951
Relativistic rocket means any spacecraft that travels close enough to light speed for relativistic effects to become significant. The meaning of "significant" is a matter of context, but often a threshold velocity of 30% to 50% of the speed of light (0.3c to 0.5c) is used. At 30% c, the difference between relativistic mass and rest mass is only about 5%, while at 50% it is 15%, (at 0.75c the difference is over 50%); so above such speeds special relativity is needed to accurately describe motion, while below this range Newtonian physics and the Tsiolkovsky rocket equation usually give sufficient accuracy.
In this context, a rocket is defined as an object carrying all of its reaction mass, energy, and engines with it.
No known technology can bring a rocket to relativistic speed. Relativistic rockets require huge advances in spacecraft propulsion, energy storage, and engine efficiency which may or may not ever be possible. Nuclear pulse propulsion could theoretically reach 0.1c using current known technology, but would still require many engineering advances to achieve this. The relativistic gamma factor at 10% of light velocity is 1.005. A 0.1c speed rocket is thus considered non-relativistic since its motion is quite accurately described by Newtonian physics alone.
Relativistic rockets are usually seen discussed in the context of interstellar travel, since most would need a lot of space to reach such speed. They are also found in some thought experiments such as the twin paradox.
Relativistic rocket equation
As with the classical rocket equation, one wants to calculate the velocity change that a rocket can achieve depending on the exhaust speed and the mass ratio, i. e. the ratio of starting rest mass and rest mass at the end of the acceleration phase (dry mass) .
In order to make calculations simpler, we assume that the acceleration is constant (in the rocket's reference frame) during the acceleration phase; still, the result is nonetheless valid if the acceleration varies, as long as exhaust velocity is constant.
In the nonrelativistic case, one knows from the (classical) Tsiolkovsky rocket equation that
Assuming constant acceleration , the time span during which the acceleration takes place is
In the relativistic case, the equation is still valid if is the acceleration in the rocket's reference frame and is the rocket's proper time because at velocity 0 the relationship between force and acceleration is the same as in the classical case. Solving this equation for the ratio of initial mass to final mass gives
where "exp" is the exponential function. Another related equation gives the mass ratio in terms of the end velocity relative to the rest frame (i. e. the frame of the rocket before the acceleration phase):
For constant acceleration, (with a and t again measured on board the rocket), so substituting this equation into the previous one and using the hyperbolic function identity returns the earlier equation .
By applying the Lorentz transformation, one can calculate the end velocity as a function of the rocket frame acceleration and the rest frame time ; the result is
The time in the rest frame relates to the proper time by the hyperbolic motion equation:
Substituting the proper time from the Tsiolkovsky equation and substituting the resulting rest frame time in the expression for , one gets the desired formula:
The formula for the corresponding rapidity (the inverse hyperbolic tangent of the velocity divided by the speed of light) is simpler:
Since rapidities, contrary to velocities, are additive, they are useful for computing the total of a multistage rocket.
Matter-antimatter annihilation rockets
It is clear from the above calculations that a relativistic rocket would likely need to be antimatter-fired. Other antimatter rockets in addition to the photon rocket that can provide a 0.6c specific impulse (studied for basic hydrogen-antihydrogen annihilation, no ionization, no recycling of the radiation) needed for interstellar flight include the "beam core" pion rocket. In a pion rocket, frozen antihydrogen is stored inside electromagnetic bottles. Antihydrogen, like regular hydrogen, is diamagnetic which allows it to be electromagnetically levitated when refrigerated. Temperature control of the storage volume is used to determine the rate of vaporization of the frozen antihydrogen, up to a few grams per second (hence several petawatts when annihilated with equal amounts of matter). It is then ionized into antiprotons which can be electromagnetically accelerated into the reaction chamber. The positrons are usually discarded since their annihilation only produces harmful gamma rays with negligible effect on thrust. However, non-relativistic rockets may exclusively rely on these gamma rays for propulsion. This process is necessary because un-neutralized antiprotons repel one another, limiting the number that may be stored with current technology to less than a trillion.
Design notes on a pion rocket
The pion rocket has been studied independently by Robert Frisbee and Ulrich Walter, with similar results. Pions, short for pi-mesons, are produced by proton-antiproton annihilation. The antihydrogen or the antiprotons extracted from it will be mixed with a mass of regular protons pumped into the magnetic confinement nozzle of a pion rocket engine, usually as part of hydrogen atoms. The resulting charged pions have a speed of 0.94c (i.e. = 0.94), and a Lorentz factor of 2.93 which extends their lifespan enough to travel 2.6 meters through the nozzle before decaying into muons. 60% of the pions will have either a negative, or a positive electric charge. 40% of the pions will be neutral. The neutral pions decay immediately into gamma rays. These can't be reflected by any known material at the energies involved, though they can undergo Compton scattering. They can be absorbed efficiently by a shield of tungsten placed between the pion rocket engine reaction volume and the crew modules and various electromagnets to protect them from the gamma rays. The consequent heating of the shield will make it radiate visible light, which could then be collimated to increase the rocket's specific impulse. The remaining heat will also require the shield to be refrigerated. The charged pions would travel in helical spirals around the axial electromagnetic field lines inside the nozzle and in this way the charged pions could be collimated into an exhaust jet moving at 0.94c. In realistic matter/antimatter reactions, this jet only represents a fraction of the reaction's mass-energy: over 60% of it is lost as gamma-rays, collimation is not perfect, and some pions are not reflected backward by the nozzle. Thus, the effective exhaust speed for the entire reaction drops to just 0.58c. Alternate propulsion schemes include physical confinement of hydrogen atoms in an antiproton and pion-transparent beryllium reaction chamber with collimation of the reaction products achieved with a single external electromagnet; see Project Valkyrie.
Sources
The star flight handbook, Matloff & Mallove, 1989. Also See on the Bussard ramjet page, under the related inventions section.
Mirror matter: pioneering antimatter physics, Dr. Robert L Forward, 1986
References
External links
Physics FAQs: The Relativistic Rocket
Javascript that calculates the Relativistic Rocket Equation
Spacetime Physics: Introduction to Special Relativity (1992). W. H. Freeman,
The Relativistic Photon Rocket
Interstellar travel
Rocket propulsion
Dramanon (short for Dramatist Anonymous) is an English language theatre group that operates out of three cities in India: Manipal, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Dramanon was founded in 1991 at Manipal Institute of Technology (MIT), Manipal. Additional chapters were formed in Bangalore, and Hyderabad.
Dramanon Bangalore has staged productions that include The Original Last Wish Baby, Pizzazz , Alarms and Excursions, Sic , and Elling.Dramanon Hyderabad productions have included 6'', Dramanon's first original play which comprises six short stories. Dramanon Hyderabad performed in the Samahaara Hyderabad Theatre and Short Film Festival 2010.
Dramanon as a group also conducts workshops for the community as well as for the corporate companies with customized training modules.
References
External links
Official website
Theatre companies in India
Manipal Academy of Higher Education
1991 establishments in Karnataka
Entertainment companies established in 1991
The Great North Open was the final name of a European Tour golf tournament which was played at Slaley Hall, a country house golf resort in Northumberland in North East England, six years out of seven between 1996 and 2002. It was also played as the Slaley Hall Northumberland Challenge and the Compaq European Grand Prix. The winners included one major champion, Retief Goosen, and two winners of the European Tour Order of Merit, Colin Montgomerie and Lee Westwood. The prize fund peaked at €1,311,090 in 2001 before dropping to €935,760 in the tournament's last year, which was below average for a European Tour event at that time.
Winners
Notes
References
External links
Coverage on the European Tour's official site
Former European Tour events
Golf tournaments in England
Sport in Northumberland
Recurring sporting events established in 1996
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2002
1996 establishments in England
2002 disestablishments in England
Defunct sports competitions in the United Kingdom
1953 Meistaradeildin was the eleventh season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. The championship was contested in a league format, with four teams playing against each other twice. VB Vagur although initially registered for the league, withdrew without playing any games. KÍ Klaksvík won its fourth league title in the season.
Teams
Since there was no second tier league, all the teams that participated in the 1952 Meistaradeildin could participate in the league. VB Vagur withdrew from the league without playing a match. Two teams from Tórshavn, HB and B36, KI from Klaksvík and TB contested in the league.
League table
Results
External links
Faroe Islands League Final Tables by webalice.it
Faroese champions by RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Lóránd Utassy de Uljak (18 April 1897, Budapest – 3 June 1974, Budapest) was a Hungarian general.
Utassy graduated from the Ludovica Academy. He took part in the World War I in the units of artillery. Between 1921 and 1928 he served at the Hungarian consulate in Munich. Later, he worked for the Ministry of Defence. From 1937 to 1942 he was military attaché in London, Washington, D.C., and Mexico City, as well. In 1942, he was promoted colonel. In October 1943, Utassy succeeded Zoltán Baló as the head of the Ministry 21st Department for Prisoners of War and Internees, being in charge of thousands of Polish soldiers who were interned in Hungary at that time. Despite the fact that Baló was dismissed under pressure of the German ambassador who was accusing him of transfersing Polish soldiers to Western Europe, Utassy continued his policy to secure Polish soldiers. In March 1944, when the Germans began occupation of Hungary, he denied the Gestapo access to the internment camps and refused to surrender Polish soldiers. He also aimed to establish the Red Cross as the representation of Poles in Hungary. On 16 October 1944, Utassy was arrested by the Hungarian fascists, and deported to Bavaria. After the end of the war, in 1945 he returned to Hungary and was nominated to general. Though, he retired following year. In 1951, the Communist regime designated him as “enemy of the people” — he was demoted and had part of his family property confiscated and sent for two years to the labour camp in Hortobágy.
Utassy died in 1974, aged 77. Buried at the Farkasréti Cemetery. In 1990 he was rehabilitated and promoted to the rank of general.
On 19 June 2019, Utassy was awarded with Virtus et Fraternitas Medal which from president of Poland Andrzej Duda on his behalf received his grandson.
References
1897 births
1974 deaths
Burials at Farkasréti Cemetery
Diplomats from Budapest
Hungarian generals
Hungarian military personnel of World War II
Hungarian people of World War I
Military attachés
Military personnel from Budapest
Recipients of the Virtus et Fraternitas Medal
Andrew Stuart (August 3, 1823 – April 30, 1872) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Stuart moved to Pittsburgh with his mother in 1834. He received limited schooling. He worked in a newspaper office. He moved to Steubenville, Ohio, in 1850, where he was editor of the American Union 1850-1857.
Stuart was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1853 – March 3, 1855). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection. He engaged in the shipping business on the Gulf of Mexico and in the transportation of mails and supplies from Leavenworth, Kansas, to Santa Fe, New Mexico. He resided in Washington, D.C., from 1869 until his death, April 30, 1872. He was interred in Union Cemetery, Steubenville, Ohio.
Sources
External links
1823 births
1872 deaths
Politicians from Steubenville, Ohio
19th-century American newspaper editors
American businesspeople in shipping
Editors of Ohio newspapers
Burials at Union Cemetery-Beatty Park
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Ohio
19th-century American businesspeople
Great Marlow is a civil parish within Wycombe district in the English county of Buckinghamshire, lying north of the town of Marlow and south of High Wycombe. The parish includes the hamlets of Bovingdon Green, Burroughs Grove, Chisbridge Cross and Marlow Common. Prior to November 2007 the major settlement in Great Marlow was Marlow Bottom which has now become a civil parish in its own right.
The parish has been so named since Norman times. The ancient parish of Great Marlow, named to distinguish it from Little Marlow, was large, including the town of Marlow and rural areas north and west of it. The ancient parish became a civil parish in the 19th century, and in 1896 was divided: the town became Great Marlow Urban District (later renamed Marlow Urban District), leaving the rural areas in the parish of Great Marlow. In 1934 Lane End, in the far north of the parish, was transferred from Great Marlow to the parish of Fingest.
The ecclesiastical parish of Great Marlow, which includes the town of Marlow, is now united with the parishes of Marlow Bottom, Little Marlow and Bisham (in Berkshire).
References
See also
Great Marlow (UK Parliament constituency)
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Judah is an unincorporated community in Marshall Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
Judah was named from the presence of the Judah School, established in 1882.
Geography
Judah is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Vegalta Sendai.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
J1 League players
Vegalta Sendai players
This is a list of territorial governors in the 15th century (1401–1500) AD, such as the administrators of colonies, protectorates, or other dependencies. Where applicable, native rulers are also listed.
A dependent territory is normally a territory that does not possess full political independence or sovereignty as a sovereign state yet remains politically outside of the controlling state's integral area. The administrators of uninhabited territories are excluded.
England
Kingdom of England English overseas possessions
Monarchs
Guernsey, Crown dependency
British monarchs are the Dukes of Normandy
Governors
Edward of Norwich, in appanage, Governor (1415)
John of Lancaster, Governor (1430)
Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester, Governor (1435)
Henry Beauchamp, Governor (1446)
William Bertram and Nicholas Hault, Governors (1447)
John Nanfan, Governor (1453)
Geffrey Wallifly, Governor (1470)
John Tichefilde, Governor (1482)
Duarte Brandão, Governor (1482–1485)
Edward Weston, Governor (1486–1509)
John Avril, Governor (1488)
William Weston, Governor
Bailiffs
Gervais de Clermont, Bailiff (1387–1411)
James Cocquerel, Bailiff (1412–1432)
Thomas de la Court, Bailiff (1433–1445)
John Henry, Bailiff (1446–1447)
Guillaume Cartier, Bailiff (1447–1465)
Thomas de la Court, Bailiff (1466–1469)
Pierre de Beauvoir, Bailiff (1470–1479)
Edmund de Cheney, Bailiff (1480–1481)
Nicholas Fouaschin, Bailiff (1481–1482)
John Blondel, Bailiff (1483–1498)
John Martin, Bailiff (1499–1510)
Lordship of Ireland, a papal fief of England
English monarchs are the Lords of Ireland
Lords Deputy of Ireland
Sir John Stanley: 1399–1402 (second term)
Thomas of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Clarence: 1402–1405 (aged 13)
James Butler, 3rd Earl of Ormond: 1405
Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Earl of Kildare: 1405–1408
Thomas of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Clarence: 1408–1413
Sir John Stanley: 1413–1414 (third term)
Archbishop of Dublin: 1414
John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury: 1414–1421 (first term)
James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond: 1419–1421 (first term)
Edmund Mortimer, 5th Earl of March: 1423–1425
John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury: 1425 (second term)
James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond: 1425–1427
Sir John Grey: 1427–1428
John Sutton, later 1st Lord Dudley: 1428–1429
Sir Thomas le Strange: 1429–1431
Thomas Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley: 1431–1436
Lionel de Welles, 6th Baron Welles: 1438–1446
John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury: 1446 (third term)
Richard Plantagenet, Duke of York: 1447–1460 (Lord Deputy:Thomas FitzGerald, 7th Earl of Kildare)
George Plantagenet, Duke of Clarence: 1462–1478 (Lords Deputy:Thomas FitzGerald, 7th Earl of Desmond/Thomas FitzGerald, 7th Earl of Kildare)
John de la Pole, 2nd Duke of Suffolk: 1478
Richard of Shrewsbury, Duke of York: 1478–1483 (aged 5. Lord Deputy:Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare)
Edward of Middleham: 1483–1484 (aged 11. Lord Deputy:Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare)
John de la Pole, Earl of Lincoln: 1484–1485
Jasper Tudor, 1st Duke of Bedford| 1485–1494 (Lord Deputy:Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare)
Henry, Duke of York: 1494–?1519 (Aged 4. Lords Deputy: Sir Edward Poynings/Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare/Gerald FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Kildare)
Portugal
Kingdom of Portugal Portuguese colonial empire
Monarchs
Portuguese Cape Verde
Pêro Lourenço, Corregedor (1481–?)
Santiago
Captains
Diogo Afonso, Captain (1462–1473)
Rodrigo Afonso, Captain (1473–1505)
Ribeira Grande
Captains
Antonio de Noli, Captain (1462–1496)
Branca de Aguiar, Captain (1497–?)
Boa Vista
Rodrigo Afonso, Captain (1497–1505)
Alcatrazes Islands
João de Santarém, Captain (1484–?)
Portuguese São Tomé
Captains, Governors
João de Paiva, Captain (1485–1490)
João Pereira, Captain (1490–1493)
Álvaro de Caminha, Captain (1493–1499)
Fernão de Melo, Captain (1499–c.1510)
Portuguese Tangier
Governors
Rodrigo Afonso de Melo, Governor (1471–1484?)
Manuel de Melo, Governor (1484?–1486)
João de Meneses, Governor (1486–1489)
Fernão Martins Mascarenhas, Interim Governor (1487–1489)
Manuel Pessanha, Interim Governor (1489–1490)
Lopo Vaz de Azevedo, Governor (1490?–1501)
Mexico
Tlacala Federation
Xicotencatl I (1425-1522), tlatoani of Tizatlan
Aztec Empire
Cuauhnahuac
Miquiuix, Tlatoani (ruler or governor) (1398-1433)
Cuauhtototzin, Tlatoani (1433-?)
Tehuehuetzin, Tlatoani (before 1491-1504)
Teotlatzinco
Tochihuitzin coyolchiuhqui, (late 14th-mid 15th centuries) Tlatoani and poet, son of Itzcoatl
Tepechpan
Cuacuauhtzin, Tlatoani and poet (c. 1410-1443)
Texcoco (altepetl)
Nezahualcoyotl (tlatoani), architect, and poet (1402-1472)
Nezahualpilli, tlatoani and poet (1464-1515)
Cacamatzin, tlatoani and poet (1494-1520)
References
Territorial governors
-15th century
Territorial governors
Territorial governors
Wyoming was the first place in the world to give all women the ability to vote, although other jurisdictions had already given limited suffrage to women who met various property qualifications. A U.S. territory in 1869, Wyoming's first territorial legislature voted to give women the right to vote and to hold public office. A legislature made entirely of men passed the woman's suffrage bill in 1869 entitled "An to Grant to the Women of Wyoming Territory the Right of Suffrage, and to Hold Office.” The territory retained its woman suffrage law even when that law could have jeopardized the Wyoming Territory's application for statehood. In 1890, Wyoming became the first U.S. state allowing its woman citizens to vote.
Historical background
The push for suffrage in Wyoming began when Wyoming was still part of the Dakota Territory. In 1867, completion of the Union Pacific Railroad and the South Pass gold rush resulted in thousands of settlers pouring into western Dakota Territory. Wyoming Territory emerged just south of the mountains where the gold rush occurred. The new Territory included South Pass, the slow up and downhill rise where people crossed the continental divide for thousands of years along the Sweetwater River. Initially, the Sweetwater camps were located in Carter County, Dakota Territory, with South Pass City as the county seat. These new mining towns grew quickly and were along the path of the Union Pacific Railroad that used South Pass but was still being built. Dakota Territory agreed to cede its western lands to form Wyoming Territory.
South Pass City remained the seat for the county that would be renamed Sweetwater several months later. Since most of the early miners hoped to strike it rich and quickly leave, they had little interest in governance or community services such as street repairs, indigent care, or schools. Attempts to erect a jail in South Pass City were defeated twice in special elections. The arrival of businesses and the first families in 1868 brought some stability, for these residents wanted to transform the South Pass gold camps into permanent towns. Because Wyoming was a territory, all officials were appointed, including the governor, county commissioners, county attorneys, justices of the peace, and town constables.
Wyoming legislators were aware of the discussion over woman suffrage, for many of them had moved from Midwestern states where the reform had been debated for several years. In 1867, even with enormous pressure from women activists and a huge national effort, Kansas legislators failed to pass a law giving women the vote. Early in 1869, Dakota Territory came within one vote of passing a so-called woman suffrage bill. In Congress, a senator introduced a bill after the Civil War to give women in all the territories the right to vote. This failed, too, as did bill in 1868 that would have amended the U.S. Constitution to give all women in the United States and territories the right to vote. Those failures led many advocates to believe the first woman suffrage bill would probably be adopted in a territory. Territories only required a majority vote of the legislature and the governor's signature for passage of a suffrage bill. States, on the other, required a constitutional amendment to add women suffrage. That process required a 60% vote in both houses, the governor's acceptance, and the approval of the people in a special election.
Even so, Wyoming's territorial legislature, made up entirely of men, had to be persuaded that votes for women were a good idea. In addition to men willing to consider allowing women to vote, local women activists worked on behalf of the issue. Two women had recently delivered speeches in Cheyenne in support of woman suffrage: Anna Dickinson at the courthouse in the fall, and Redelia Bates to new legislators in November. However, neither of the national woman suffrage organizations nor any grassroots movement in Wyoming lobbied for the passage of woman suffrage in the territory.
First legislature and the suffrage bill, 1869
Before the Wyoming delegates assembled in Cheyenne in October 1869, woman suffrage bills in three Western legislatures had been narrowly defeated—Washington in 1854, Nebraska in 1856, and Dakota in 1869—and Utah and Colorado lawmakers would soon be considering the issue. In the years after the Civil War, the two major political parties had battled over expanding voting rights. A particularly fierce battle over suffrage for women and for Black men emerged in Kansas, where national suffrage organizations invested a lot of time and money. The effort failed in 1867 when the new state legislature, mostly Republican, voted down woman suffrage, but supported suffrage for black men. The Republican Party had made suffrage for black men the heart of its political activity, but not all voters supported their views. During the Civil War, northern Democrats were uncertain that the killing was worth the cost. Many would have preferred some kind of compromise with the South instead of the pursuit of the fight to the bloody end. After the war, Democrats continued to oppose some of the most important changes the war had brought about. In particular, they opposed full citizenship and voting rights for black people—both the recently freed slaves and northern blacks who had been more or less free already.
In the fall of 1868, the popular Union Army General, Ulysses S. Grant, a Republican, was elected president. Grant soon appointed many loyal Republicans to run the brand-new Wyoming Territory. His appointees included the governor, John A. Campbell, Secretary of State Edward M. Lee, and the Attorney General Joseph M. Carey, the top government lawyer in the state. They arrived in May 1869. Not long afterward, Carey issued an official legal opinion that no one in Wyoming could be denied the right to vote based on race. The federal law that eventually created the territory in 1868 banned voting and officeholding discrimination on the basis of race.
Many Democrats saw Carey's opinion as a move to make sure Wyoming's black people voted Republican and the issue continued to be controversial. When a territory-wide election was held in early September only Democrats were elected. The territory's new delegate to Congress was a Democrat, and all 22 members of the new territorial legislature were Democrats. One of those Democrats, William Bright, a saloonkeeper at South Pass City in what became Wyoming Territory, lobbied hard for Wyoming Territory to become the first government in the world to guarantee women the right to vote.
These legislators, all white and male, had a number of reasons for supporting women's suffrage when they met for the first time in October 1869. They passed a resolution allowing women to sit inside the special space where the lawmakers sat. They passed a law guaranteeing that teachers—most of whom were women—would be paid the same whether they were men or women. And they passed a bill guaranteeing married women property rights separate from their husbands. They were willing to go even further to get Wyoming good publicity that would draw more settlers to the new territory. Positive news stories published throughout the nation, legislators thought, might also bring more women. There were six adult men in the Territory for every adult woman, and there were very few children. American Indians were not counted in these numbers, but Chinese workers—most of whom had come to work on the railroad—and black people were counted.
Their decision was also about party politics. Democrats in the legislature hoped that once these women came to Wyoming, they would continue to vote for the party that had given them the vote in the first place. Democrats in the Legislature wanted to make John Campbell, the Republican governor, look bad. As a man who publicly supported rights for ex-slaves, they hoped to push him too far with a vote for women. If they passed the bill, many assumed, Campbell would veto it. The bill passed the Legislative Council six votes to two. In the House, lawmakers tried and failed to attach various amendments. Some potential amendments were attempts to make the bill so unattractive to other legislators that it would fail. One such amendment, which failed, would have extended the vote to “all colored women and squaws." The House raised the voting age for women from 18 to 21. The House then passed the woman suffrage bill seven votes to four, with one abstention. Governor Campbell took several days deciding what to do. He signed the bill into law Dec. 10, 1869. By the end of the century, Wyoming was one of four U.S. states that fully enfranchised their women, among Colorado, Utah, and Idaho.
First women voters and officeholders, 1870 and 1871
In September 1870, women throughout the Territory finally got the chance to vote in Wyoming's second election. As many as 1,000 women appear to have gone to the polls. African-American women in Cheyenne were also able to vote. To the disgust of the Democrats who had given them the vote, a great many voted Republican. A Republican was elected territorial representative to Congress. And the following year, 1871, a few Republicans were elected to the legislature. Wyoming did not stop there. Within a few months, the territory had sworn in the country's first female jurors and appointed three of the first female justices of the peace. The governor also appointed several women as notaries public during this time. In 1870 and 1871, Amalia Post and other women served on juries in Laramie.
The first female justice of the peace was Esther Hobart Morris. Morris and her family arrived in South Pass City late in 1869. Esther Morris had hardly settled in her new home in South Pass City when District Court Judge John W. Kingman appointed her as justice of the peace in 1870 to complete the term of Judge J.W. Stillman. Morris, several times widowed and an activist for abolition, had experience in solving problems and serving her community. After some prodding, Morris subsequently completed an application for the post and submitted the required $500 bond. The Sweetwater County Board of Commissioners in a vote of two to one approved her application on 14 February 1870. Over the eight months, Morris adjudicated 70 cases and only two were overturned.
There was pushback to women in such roles. The new legislature decided votes for women weren't such a good idea after all, however, and passed a bill to repeal the 1869 law. To his credit, Gov. Campbell vetoed the repeal. The House came up with the two-thirds vote necessary to override his veto, but the Council fell one vote short. That left the new law standing. However, female jury duty, which some people believed took women away from their families, exposed them to unseemly testimony and put them in close quarters with male jurors, was among the most controversial outcomes of Wyoming's new law. Although the Suffrage Act was initially interpreted to allow and even require that women serve on juries, women were barred from jury service in 1871, less than two years after the practice had begun.
National reactions, 1870-1889
Statehood and woman suffrage, 1890
By the time Wyoming petitioned to become a state, its residents had gotten good press from their support of woman suffrage. Women's rights organizations in other western states looked to Wyoming as a model. Women had held office in a range of capacities. In 1880, Susan Johnson was appointed postmaster in Cheyenne and Mary Bellamy became the first woman to serve in a state legislature. Wyoming women exercised their right to vote: in the 1880s nearly 90% of Wyoming women voted. Women like Esther Hobart Morris, Amalia Post and Theresa Jenkins who worked hard in Wyoming and at national suffrage meetings to ensure woman's suffrage would remain the law. By 1890, when Wyoming had enough population to become a state, Wyoming residents petitioned Congress with a constitution that included suffrage for women. However, the U.S. Congress pushed back. The Wyoming delegation present in D.C. telegraphed the territorial legislature that woman suffrage had become an obstacle delaying their statehood application. The legislature, via a telegram from Joseph M. Carey (who later became governor of Wyoming), replied, "We will stay out of the Union a hundred years rather than come in without our women." With a very close vote of 139 to 127, Wyoming Territory was granted admission as a state with suffrage for women. Utah Territory had petitioned for statehood with women's suffrage several times earlier, but its statehood had been denied and women's suffrage had been revoked in 1887. In the end, when Wyoming became the 44th state it was the very first state to achieve suffrage. Several western states quickly followed Wyoming's lead, but some legislators worried about the consequences that promoting women's suffrage would have on their bids for statehood.
Wyoming ratified the Nineteenth Amendment on January 27, 1920. Native American women were largely not able to vote until the passage of the Indian Citizenship Act in 1924.
References
History of women's rights in the United States
History of voting rights in the United States
Politics of Wyoming
Wyoming suffrage
Beon Yeon-ha (born 7 March 1980) is a Korean basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1980 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2006 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2010 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Great Tellico was a Cherokee town at the site of present-day Tellico Plains, Tennessee, where the Tellico River emerges from the Appalachian Mountains. Great Tellico was one of the largest Cherokee towns in the region, and had a sister town nearby named Chatuga (Syllabary: ᏣᏚᎦ). Its name in Cherokee is more properly written Talikwa (Syllabary: ᏖᎵᏉ), but more commonly known as Diligwa. It is sometimes spelled Telliquo, Telliquah or, in Oklahoma, Tahlequah. There were several Cherokee settlements named Tellico, the largest of which is distinguished from the others by calling it "Great". The meaning of the word "Talikwa" is thought to be lost by the Cherokees. However, in an article authored by reporter Tesina Jackson of the Cherokee Phoenix the meaning of the word is stated as "the open place where the grass grows".
The Warrior Path— a branch of the Great Indian Warpath— passed through Great Tellico, linking it to Chota in the north and Great Hiwassee in the south, via Conasauga Creek. In addition, the Wachesa Trail (aka. "The Trading Path", later called the Unicoi Turnpike), ran from Great Tellico southeast over the Unicoi Range of the Appalachian Mountains, linking the Overhill Cherokee to the Middle and Lower Cherokee towns in Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. The Trading Path became the main route of trade between the British and the Cherokee during the 18th century (Duncan 2003:245).
In the early 18th century, Great Tellico was the de facto capital of the Overhill Cherokee. Several prominent Cherokee leaders came from the town, such as Moytoy of Tellico. After his death in 1741, Great Tellico began to fade. By the 1750s, Chota was largely recognized as the principal town of the Overhill Cherokee.
References
Mooney, James Myths of the Cherokee (1900, repr. 1995)
Duncan, Barbara R. and Riggs, Brett H. Cherokee Heritage Trails Guidebook. University of North Carolina Press: Chapel Hill (2003).
External links
The Unicoi Turnpike historical marker
Cherokee towns in Tennessee
Native American history of Tennessee
Former Native American populated places in the United States
Former populated places in Tennessee
Emily Diamond (born 11 June 1991 in Bristol) is a British track and field athlete, who competes in the 200 metres and 400 metres. Diamond came to prominence in her breakout season of 2016 when, following her first win at the British Championships over the 400 metres distance, she collected a gold medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2016 European Athletics Championships as part of the Great Britain team, followed by a bronze in the same discipline at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Career
Diamond took up athletics whilst attending Bristol Grammar School, where she notably beat Nicola Phillips in the 1500m at Sports Day. While there she won the junior girls' race at the Bristol Schools' Cross Country Championships. In 2009, representing Avon, she won the English Schools' senior girls' 200 metres title. Both her mother and grandmother had previously competed for England in long jump.
Diamond was selected for Great Britain team at the 2011 World University Games held in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. Competing in the 200 metres she progressed to the final and finished eighth. Diamond also ran a leg of the 4 × 400 metres relay winning a bronze medal as part of a team with Kelly Massey, Charlotte Best and Meghan Beesley.
At the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics held in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, Diamond made the final of the 200 metres and finished in sixth position with a time of 23.62 seconds.
At the 2012 UK Olympic Trials in Birmingham Diamond ran a time of 53.36 seconds to finish fourth in the final of the 400 metres. This result lead to her being selected as a reserve for the women's 4 x 400 metres relay squad at the Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Her selection came despite Diamond having only run the distance competitively six times in outdoor competition.
Diamond was part of the English 4 x 400 metres team that won bronze at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, but only ran in the heats. In 2016, she won a gold medal as part of the Great Britain 4 x 400 m team at the European Championships, her first senior gold medal.
She won a bronze medal in the 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio. In the individual event, she reached the semifinals.
She was part of the Great Britain squad that won silver at the 2017 World Championships.
Diamond is a member of the Bristol and West Athletic Club and also represents Loughborough University where she is coached by former international 400 metres runner Jared Deacon.
References
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bristol
British female sprinters
English female sprinters
Olympic female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Olympic bronze medallists for Great Britain
Olympic bronze medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade bronze medalists for Great Britain
Medalists at the 2011 Summer Universiade
World Athletics Championships athletes for Great Britain
World Athletics Championships medalists
European Athletics Championships winners
European Athletics Championships medalists
British Athletics Championships winners
Team Bath track and field athletes
People educated at Bristol Grammar School
Alumni of Loughborough University
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The Shelbyville Queen Citys were a minor league baseball team based in Shelbyville, Illinois. In 1907 and 1908, the Shelbyville Queen Citys played exclusively as members of the Class D level Eastern Illinois League and hosted home games at Forest Park.
History
Minor league baseball began in Shelbyville, when the 1907 Shelbyville Queen Citys became charter members of the Eastern Illinois League, which formed under league president L. A. G. Shoaff as a six–team Class D level league. The 1908 Spalding Guide indicated the league was founded in Pana, Illinois and the league's "godfather" was Joe Adams, also known as "Old Wagon Tongue," who would later manage the Shelbyville team. In 1907, Shelbyville and the other league teams had a salary limit of $600 for their rosters. The Centralia White Stockings, Charleston Broom Corn Cutters, Mattoon Giants, Pana Coal Miners and Taylorville Tailors joined Shelbyville as charter members of the league.
The use of the "Queen Citys" misspelled moniker likely derives from Shelbyville being referred to as the "Queen City" in the region.
After beginning league play on May 12, 1907, the Shelbyville Queen Citys finished the 1907 Eastern Illinois League season in 6th place, last in the six–team league. The Queen Citys finished with a 50–69 record playing under six managers: Bob Higgins, C.S. Walls, Harry Patton, Kling, Pearl Holycross and Edward Doak. Shelbyville finished 24.5 games behind the 1st place Mattoon Giants in the final Eastern Illinois League standings.
It was reported by the Associated Press that the Eastern Illinois League teams in Charleston, Mattoon, Pana and Paris were supported, “In great part from saloon interests.” This would soon affect Shelbyville and the other league members, as local prohibition would soon occur in the league cities.
Shelbyville continued play in the 1908 Eastern Illinois League, but folded during the season.
An evangelical movement led by former major league player Billy Sunday promoted a ballot item on April 7, 1908 that sought to abolish alcohol in the region. After the election, six of the Eastern Illinois League's eight franchise cities voted to become dry and the league began to suffer financially, as Sunday games and support from saloons were eliminated. Affected by finances, the Charleston Evangelists and Mattoon Giants folded on June 30, 1908, leaving six teams. On July 17, 1908, the Pana Coal Miners relocated to Linton, Indiana and the Danville Speakers moved to Staunton, Illinois in efforts to remain viable. On August 20, 1908, the Shelbyville franchise folded. Andy Biltz of Shelbyville was leading the league in home runs with 6. Shelbyville had a record of 52–43 under manager Joe Adams when the franchise folded. With five remaining teams, the Eastern Illinois League permanently folded on the same date. Shelbyville was in 3rd place, 14.5 games behind the 1st place Staunton team when the league permanently folded.
Shelbyville, Illinois has not hosted another minor league team.
Ballpark
The name of the Shelbyville Queen Citys ballpark is not directly referenced. As the only public park in Shelbyville in the era, the team would have played home games in Forest Park. The park was established in 1857 and has been home to a fairground, a horse racing track, a public pool, an aquarium and other amenities in its existence. The Chautauqua Auditorium is located within Forest Park and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Still in use today as a municipal park, with baseball and softball fields, Forest Park is located on North East 9th Street, Shelbyville, Illinois.
Timeline
Year–by–year records
Notable alumni
Joe Adams (1908, MGR)
Cecil Coombs (1907–1908)
Bob Higgins (1907, player/MGR)
Lou Lowdermilk (1907)
Harry Patton (1907)
Larry Pratt (1907)
Hosea Siner (1907)
See also
Shelbyville Queen Citys players
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct baseball teams in Illinois
Baseball teams established in 1907
Baseball teams disestablished in 1908
Eastern Illinois League teams
Shelby County, Illinois
The Environment Effects Act 1978 is current legislation that was passed in the Australian state of Victoria. It requires certain public works to have an environmental impact assessment carried out before proceeding. It was amended by the Environment Effects (Amendment) Act 2005.
It was described as flawed since it allows the Planning Minister to set terms for the assessment and to override the findings for social or economic reasons.
See also
Environment of Australia
References
External links
Text of the Act
Victoria (Australia) legislation
1978 in Australian law
1978 in the environment
1970s in Victoria (Australia)
Michael Clayton is a 2007 American legal thriller film written and directed by Tony Gilroy in his feature directorial debut and starring George Clooney, Tom Wilkinson, Tilda Swinton, and Sydney Pollack. Clooney plays lawyer Michael Clayton, who discovers a coverup over the effects of toxic agrochemicals.
Released on October 5, 2007, the film grossed $93 million worldwide. It was praised for its direction, performances, and screenplay; Swinton's performance was particularly lauded. Michael Clayton was nominated for seven Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Score, Best Original Screenplay, Best Actor for Clooney, Best Supporting Actor for Wilkinson, and Best Supporting Actress for Swinton, which she won.
Plot
Michael Clayton is a "fixer" for a prestigious New York City law firm, using his connections and knowledge of legal loopholes for clients' benefit. One night, Michael leaves a poker game to attend to a client who has been involved in a hit-and-run crash. Driving home, he sees three horses in a field. He stops, gets out of his car and approaches them. Behind him, a bomb detonates in his car.
Four days earlier, a loan shark gives Michael a week to raise $75,000 after a failed investment in a restaurant he made with his brother Timmy. He asks his boss, Marty Bach, for a loan to cover the expenses; Marty insinuates that the firm will be finished if Michael does not get Arthur Edens, one of the firm's leading attorneys, under control. Arthur has a manic episode in the middle of a deposition in Milwaukee. The deposition involves a multi-billion-dollar six-year class action lawsuit against U-North, an agricultural products conglomerate Arthur's firm is representing. Michael arrives in Milwaukee and bails Arthur out of jail after learning he is no longer taking his medication, but Arthur escapes from their hotel room in the night and returns to New York.
Karen Crowder, U-North's general counsel, discovers that Arthur has a confidential U-North memo proving the company knew its weed killer was carcinogenic, which led to 468 deaths. She brings this to the attention of U-North CEO Don Jeffries, whose signature is on the memo. Don puts her in contact with two hitmen; she has them follow Arthur and bug his apartment and phone.
Michael finds Arthur on a Manhattan street and confronts him about calls he made to Anna Kaiserson, one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit. Arthur realizes his calls are being monitored. He calls his own voicemail at the firm and says he will go public with the memo. Karen authorizes the hitmen to take "drastic measures". They break into Arthur's apartment, kill him, and make it look like suicide.
After learning of Arthur's death, Michael becomes suspicious when he discovers that U-North was planning a settlement just a few days before, and that Arthur had booked a flight to New York for Anna. He finds Anna and learns that no one knew of her conversations with Arthur, yet Michael's firm knew of Arthur's conversations with the U-North plaintiffs. With help from his brother Gene, a police officer, he breaks into Arthur's sealed apartment. He finds champagne and two glasses in the refrigerator, a copy of a fantasy novel beloved by Michael's son Henry, with several pages highlighted and annotated by Arthur, and a receipt from a photocopy shop.
The hitmen, who have been trailing Michael, call the police as he enters the apartment. He is caught and arrested for trespassing, but Gene bails him out. Using the receipt, Michael discovers that Arthur ordered 2,000 copies of the confidential U-North memo. The hitmen also obtain a copy, which they give Karen. Believing Michael is blackmailing the firm, Marty offers him a renewed contract and the $80,000 he had requested on the condition he signs a non-disclosure agreement. Michael realizes that Marty and Barry know about U-North's cover-up. After paying Timmy's debt, he goes to play poker.
The hitmen rig Michael's car with a bomb while Michael plays poker. Driving past a field, he sees some horses and leaves his car to approach them. While he is in the field, the bomb detonates. Michael escapes into the woods. At a U-North board meeting, Karen proposes that the board approve a new settlement in the lawsuit. Michael confronts her in the foyer and goads her into offering him $10 million for his silence. Karen reluctantly agrees; Michael reveals that he is wearing a wire, with Gene and other NYPD detectives listening. As Karen and Don are arrested, Michael gets into a cab and rides away.
Cast
George Clooney as Michael Clayton, attorney at Kenner, Bach, and Ledeen
Tom Wilkinson as Arthur Edens, attorney at Kenner, Bach, and Ledeen
Tilda Swinton as Karen Crowder, counsel at U-North
Sydney Pollack as Marty Bach, managing partner at Kenner, Bach, and Ledeen
Michael O'Keefe as Barry Grissom, attorney at Kenner, Bach, and Ledeen
Sean Cullen as Gene Clayton, Michael's brother, a police detective
Ken Howard as Don Jeffries, U-North's CEO
Merritt Wever as Anna, one of the plaintiffs against U-North
Austin Williams as Henry Clayton, Michael's young son
Denis O'Hare as Mr. Greer
Julie White as Mrs. Glover
Bill Raymond as Gabe Zabel
Robert Prescott as Verne, a hit man
Terry Serpico as Iker, another hit man
Release
Theatrical
Principal photography took place from January 30 to April 7, 2006. The film premiered on August 31, 2007, at the Venice Film Festival. It was shown at the American Films Festival of Deauville on September 2, 2007, and at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7. It opened in the United Kingdom on September 28, and at the Dubai Film Festival in December. It opened in limited release in the United States on October 5, 2007, and in wide release in the US on October 12. It grossed $10.3 million in the opening week. It was rereleased on January 25, 2008. It has grossed $49 million in North America and $92.9 million worldwide.
Home media
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on February 19, 2008. The DVD contains deleted scenes and a commentary by writer/director Tony Gilroy. On March 11, 2008, the movie was also released on HD DVD.
Critical reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 91% based on 205 reviews, with an average rating of 7.60/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "Michael Clayton is one of the most sharply scripted films of 2007, with an engrossing premise and faultless acting. Director Tony Gilroy succeeds not only in capturing the audience's attention, but holding it until the credits roll." Metacritic assigned the film a weighted average score of 82 out of 100, based on 36 critics indicating "universal acclaim". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a B on an A+ to F scale.
Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly gave it an A, saying that it was "better than good, it just about restores your faith". Roger Ebert gave it a full four stars and Richard Roeper named it the best film of the year. It was also Richard Schickel's top film of 2007, and he called it "a moral alert, persuasively realistic and increasingly suspenseful melodrama, impeccably acted and handsomely staged by Tony Gilroy". Time wrote, "Michael Clayton is not an exercise in high-tension energy; you'll never confuse its eponymous protagonist with Jason Bourne. But it does have enough of a melodramatic pulse to keep you engaged in its story and, better than that, it is full of plausible characters who are capable of surprising—and surpassing—your expectations". Stanley Kauffmann of The New Republic wrote that "Gilroy's film is distinguished beyond its components by its purpose, its compassion, its interest—increasingly manifest—in the soul".
Michael Clayton appeared on many critics' top ten lists of the best films of 2007.
Accolades
Soundtrack
Original Motion Picture Soundtrack: Michael Clayton was composed by James Newton Howard and released on September 25, 2007, on the Varèse Sarabande label. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Notes and references
External links
Michael Clayton at Soundtrack Collector
2007 films
2000s legal films
2000s thriller films
American legal films
American legal drama films
American drama films
American nonlinear narrative films
BAFTA winners (films)
Films about bipolar disorder
Castle Rock Entertainment films
Edgar Award-winning works
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award-winning performance
Films set in New York (state)
Films set in Milwaukee
Summit Entertainment films
Warner Bros. films
Films shot in New York (state)
Films scored by James Newton Howard
Legal thriller films
Films directed by Tony Gilroy
Films produced by Sydney Pollack
Films with screenplays by Tony Gilroy
2007 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Torishima, Tori-shima or Tori Shima, is a Japanese toponym or personal surname. Most versions of the name have the meaning Bird Island (鳥島 /とりしま), with some exceptions.
Places
Tori-shima (Izu Islands) or Izu Torishima, the island of the Izu Islands, Hachijō Subprefecture, Tokyo
Minami-Tori-shima (South Bird Island) or Marcus Island, Ogasawara, Tokyo, the easternmost point of Japan
Okinotorishima (Remote Bird Island), Ogasawara, Tokyo, the southernmost point of Japan
Kume Torishima or Okinawa Torishima, Kumejima, Okinawa
Iōtorishima (Sulfur Bird Island), Kumejima, Okinawa; major source of sulfur for the Ryukyu Kingdom
Nakanotorishima (Center Bird Island) or Ganges Island, the phantom island which was believed to exist in the early 20th century
People
Kazuhiko Torishima, editor and producer, best known for Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine and various manga titles
Dempow Torishima, science fiction author and illustrator, winner of the 2011 Sogen SF Short Story Prize for his story "Sisyphean (皆勤の徒 Kaikin no To)"
Ellsworth Raymond Bathrick (January 6, 1863 – December 23, 1917) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
Born January 6, 1863 near Pontiac, Michigan to Sumner Bathrick and Louisa Bathrick, he married May L. Clark in 1889. Bathrick attended the country schools and was graduated from the Pontiac High School.
He moved to New York City in 1890 and engaged in the importation of edible oils. In the 1890s, he was a reporter for a Cleveland newspaper. He moved to Akron, Ohio, in 1900 and engaged in the real estate business.
Bathrick was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1915).
Because of gerrymandering, he was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1914 to the Sixty-fourth Congress.
He resumed his former business pursuits.
Bathrick was elected to the Sixty-fifth Congress and served from March 4, 1917, until his death in Akron, Ohio, December 23, 1917. Though extremely ill Bathrick continued his representation of Ohio for six months until the close of session in October.
He died on December 23, 1917 in Akron, Ohio. He was interred in Glendale Cemetery. Martin Luther Davey was elected to fill his congressional term.
Legacy
Bathrick was an ardent advocate for a large Navy, being known on the hill as "Battleship Bath". He was a great advocate of Rural Credits, though the legislation was passed during the Sixty-fourth Congress, he was credited by his peers as being a great influence in the legislation.
Books by Ellsworth R. Bathrick
In his youth, Bathrick was a reporter for a Cleveland Newspaper. While a reporter, he turned his hand to writing children's stories. Being dissatisfied with the story, he placed it in a trunk, only to find it again around 1911. A friend convinced him to send it to a publisher, who made a few recommendations for changes and recommending it for publication. Bathrick, being ill, retired for the winter in Florida for his health. While there, he reworked the story and sent it back to the publisher, who published it not long after he died.
Please Don't Worry (Needs investigation)
The Magic Salt: The Fairy People (1918)
The Magic Salt: The Soldier Bees (1918)
The Magic Salt: The Wand of Power (1918)
The Magic Salt: The Great Day (1918)
Sources
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
1863 births
1917 deaths
Politicians from Akron, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
The John Hendricks House and Dutch Barn is located along Old Post Road in Staatsburg, New York. It is a late-18th-century stone house that once served as an inn along the Albany Post Road.
A Dutch barn on the property also dates to that era. It underwent a number of renovations and additions in the Picturesque mode in the 19th century. The house was restored to its original appearance in the late 20th century. In 1984 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Property
The two buildings are located near the west boundary of a wedge-shaped 30-acre (12 ha) lot between Old Post Road, US 9 and Hughes Avenue. Its west (front) facade is opposite Margaret Lewis Norrie State Park. The barn is located just to its southeast. The only other building on the property is a house on Hughes. It is modern and considered non-contributing.
The house itself is built into a gentle slope. It is a rectangular building, five bays wide by two stories tall. The west and south sides (visible from the road) are faced in stucco; the other two retain their original fieldstone. It is topped with a gabled roof from which four brick chimneys rise.
The west elevation features a two-story porch supported by six pillars. Its upper story has a balustrade. All doors and windows have simple wood trim. On the east is a partially enclosed one-story frame wing. Its southern three bays have a porch with a miter-arched frieze and square columns.
Inside the house has many original finishings, including its flooring and Federal mantels. The center-hall floor plan remains intact, with some features suggesting early use as an inn. The main room is divided by what appears to be a bar, and the north room contains some aspects of the original beehive oven.
To the southeast of the house is the Dutch barn. It retains its original 18th-century form but has had some later additions, such as cross-gabling, a hip-roofed cupola, board-and-batten siding and quatrefoil windows. Small oculi are located in the gable apexes, and a similarly sided and fenestrated frame wing extends from the southwest corner.
History
Hendricks bought the property and built the house around 1785, when the Pawling Patent was first subdivided. Local tradition holds that it was an inn for travelers using the Albany Post Road, and the layout of the first floor provides some support for this.
On Hendricks' death in 1815, the property was acquired by George Lamoree, a major speculator in land in the area during the early 19th century. At the time it was over 90 acres (36 ha). His heirs sold the property to William Dinsmore in 1884. He added it to his large estate and remodeled the barn to match those at his main farm complex further north.
By the mid-20th century the house had become vacant. A succession of owners in the century's later decades restored it to its original appearance.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1785
Houses in Hyde Park, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Dutchess County, New York
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
The Distants were an American indie rock band, based out of Los Angeles, California.
Members
Guinevere King: Vocals
David Kelly: Guitar
Jamie Douglass: Drums
Steve Alderfer: Bass (2004-2007)
Ben Jindra: Bass (2007–present)
By the beginning of 2008, undisclosed but implicitly tragic personal reasons had seen King suddenly depart from the band, leading the remaining three members to form a side project named Echo Hawk. Kelly's death shortly afterwards on March 30, 2008, effectively signalled the end of both bands.
Discography
The Distants
The LP Broken Gold was released in 2006. It was produced by Kelly. King recalled that much of the content related to loss, as her brother had died two years previously.
The Further the Earth Gets from the Sun
Falling Apart
The Moth Song
She Sells Sanctuary
Girl on Girl
It's Over
Vertigo
Apperant Silence
February
The Following
Apparent Silence [Multimedia Track]
In 2007, the band performed a cover version of the Echo and The Bunnymen song The Killing Moon, which was included on the Blood & Chocolate soundtrack.
The band's second album, an EP named Be Your Shadow, was almost completed at the time of Kelly's death. Containing the tracks "Highways", "Luminol", "Be Your Shadow", "Chemical Burn", and "Let's Catch Fire", it was never released.
Echo Hawk
A single EP, Stiches, was released in February 2008.
Opposites Attack
SOS (Good Gurls Are Gone)
Hostess
Don't. Stop.
Stitches
References
External links
The Distants' official Myspace page
The Echo Hawk's official Myspace page
Indie rock musical groups from California
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Kodiyettam () is a 1978 Indian Malayalam-language film written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan. The film stars Bharat Gopy in the lead role. Notable smaller roles were played by K. P. A. C. Lalitha, Kuttyedathi Vilasini, Azeez and Adoor Bhawani. The film depicts the life of Shankaran Kutty, a carefree simpleton who eventually rises to be a mature, responsible adult. The title of the film translates to 'Ascent' which symbolizes the growth of Shankaran Kutty.
The film was Bharat Gopy's second film, the first being Adoor Gopalakrishnan's Swayamvaram. The film is his first role as one of the main characters. The film notably does not feature any kind of background music and in the director's cut some scenes are missing. The film was produced by the Chitralekha Film Society, an organization cofounded by Gopalakrishnan himself. This was the second and last film produced by Gopalakrishnan under the banner.
The film received widespread critical acclaim. It was one of the pioneering films of the new wave cinema movement in Malayalam cinema. The film won two National Film Awards. Bharat Gopy's portrayal of Shankaran Kutty won him the National Film Award for Best Actor and Adoor Gopalakrishnan won the National Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam. Kodiyettam swept the Kerala State Film Awards of the year as well. It won Bharat Gopy his first Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor. Adoor Gopalakrishnan won the Best Film, Best Director and Best Story Awards and N. Sivan won the Best Art Director Award. The film is regarded a classic in Malayalam cinema.
Plot
The film captures the ascent of the protagonist, Shankaran Kutty, from a carefree individual to a mature responsible adult. The opening sequences show Shankaran Kutty attending a temple festival. The film proceeds to show the irresponsible and often nomadic lifestyle of Shankaran Kutty. Shankaran Kutty, though seemingly at the beginning of middle age, spends most of his time playing around with children, joining political processions and helping the villagers when he is not attending temple festivals. He is provided for by his younger sister who works as a housemaid in the city of Thiruvananthapuram. His sister in an attempt to get his life organized arranges a marriage for him. But to the dismay of his new wife, Shankaran Kutty continues his lifestyle often staying away from home for weeks. The already pregnant wife soon leaves him, and Shankaran Kutty does not make any attempt to have her back at home.
Shankaran Kutty's life takes a turn from there on. His sister starts living in their family home with her new husband and slowly he finds himself out of place. Shankaran Kutty guilelessness starts brushing away, it is shown through a sub-plot in the movie. He realizes the hard realities of human life, when the widow who used to act as a patron for him commits suicide after being cheated in love. He reaches a turning point in his life when he joins as a truck driver assistant. Though he finds the job too much to handle at first, he slowly adapts to the new responsibilities of life. He starts making amends with his wife. The film ends when Shankaran Kutty has a happy reunion with his wife and newborn daughter.
The film has a structure that resembles a typical Kerala temple festival. The title itself is an allusion to Shankaran Kutty recognizing and beginning his life of responsibilities like the traditional first ceremony in the temple festivals where a flag is hoisted to mark the beginning of the proceedings. The director commented that the film's most important connection to the festivals is the fact that in both nothing really happens; the only notable thing in both is the very presence of the people and events.
Cast
Bharath Gopi as Shankarankutty
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Shanthamma
Kuttyedathi Vilasini as Sarojini
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as kamalam
Azeez as Truck Driver
P. K. Venukuttan Nair
Thikkurisi Sukumaran Nair as Sukumara Pillai
Adoor Bhawani as Shanthamma's mother
Adoor Pankajam as Pankajakshi
Aranmula Ponnamma as Neighbour
Themes and critical commentary
Kodiyettam interweaves multiple aspects of a rural society with astonishing character growth of a man named Shankarankutty. In the initial parts of the movie Shankarankutty is portrayed as an immature man who lives a life mostly unaware of what is happening around him; a poor individual who is unable to associate and indulge in his surroundings. He was also a bit slow minded; in a scene when Shankarankutty was walking alongside a road a truck sped by him drenching him in muddy water however Shankarankutty admires the truck for its speed as if not realizing his shirt has been dirtied. Yet Shankarankutty always wanted to do things others were able to do. However he could do them only after he came in touch with a lorry driver. Shankarankutty always cherished an emotional connection with the widow who committed suicide because of the illicit relationship. Although he had doubts regarding her behavior he could never actually come up with any true evidence by sight but only by sounds. Whenever he got a chance to meet Sukumara Pillai and the widow together, there had to be some distractions which made it difficult for him to see what really happened between the two or what did they talk to each other, if they talked anything. His evidences for their relationship is supported by them talking to each other (audio) rather than being able to see them together (visual) . He knew the reason for her suicide only by overhearing the two speaking about her illegal conception. This fortune of not being able to see her with another man helps him to maintain ideal images of the two; a generous dutiful mother and widow Savithriyamma and the well-respected master, Sukumara Pillai.
It is not from any morally perfect person that the transformation in Shanakarankutty is taking place but from a man with loose morals (the lorry driver) that he becomes what he is ultimately. Shankarankutty had many unfulfilled desires like-to have a relationship with the widow, to have promiscuous relationship like the lorry driver, to control something which he would never be able to do (once he tries to occupy his master, lorry driver's seat) etc. He found most of these things have been done by others who had certain authority over their life, who would not rather spend their time on trifles like going for processions or attending festivals (like he did most of the time). One such men who had certain authority over his life is the lorry driver rather a well-respected person, like the master who had an affair with the widow.
Reception
The film was a commercial success, uncommon for art house films.
Syamaprasad in an interview with Asianet, says that: "My favorite Adoor movie. The simplicity and charm of its narration is a refreshing change from the cliché-ridden patterns of the so-called ‘Art-Movie' genre. Coming of age story of a village simpleton, told through a chain of events and characters often funny and occasionally sad, and his ultimate ascent into the responsibilities of adulthood, is the core storyline. The script by Adoor himself is structurally flawless and often poignant. Great austerity is maintained in all aspects of production; from production design to sound design, and it lends the film a credibility and rawness, which only enforces the central theme better. Adoor's restraint in using background score, practically none in this movie – I see it as a filmmaker's integrity towards a realistic representation of the life as it is.
K Venugopal of The New Indian Express writes, praising Gopy's performance in the film: "Shankarankutty was so brilliant in portrayal onscreen that it seemed absolutely natural. You knew a Shankarankutty from your hamlet and your childhood. If you looked deep down inside yourself, you could even find him leaning against the mudwall of your mind, giving you the gap-toothed smile that glowed from the heart. That in effect was the sheer simplicity and profundity of the character. And that was what earned him the legendary Bharat Award."
Film critic S. Rana writes: "The film moves in a slow rhythm of rural life lingering and dwelling on little things: a man absorbed in eating, a woman washing clothes, a man chopping wood (splinters stick to his body as he wipes the perspiration) or a bullock cart driver singing a philosophical song about the vanities of the world. Adoor is never in a hurry. There is understanding and compassion for the suffering of women in the Indian set up. And the festival in the temple moves with the languorous dignity of an elephant (there is a great sequence of an elephant being bathed as Sankaran watches in goggle eyed wonderment) in paralell with the festival of life in the hamlet."
Awards
The film won the following awards:
National Film Awards - 1978
Best Actor - Bharath Gopi
Best Feature Film in Malayalam
Kerala State Film Awards - 1978
Best Film
Best Actor - Bharath Gopi
Best Story - Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Best Director - Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Best Art Director - N.Sivan
Legacy
Gopi was hitherto a relatively unknown actor, though he had appeared briefly in Adoor's first movie, Swayamvaram. Kodiyettam catapulted him to such a popularity that he became known as Kodiyettam Gopi. He won the national award for the best actor (also known as Bharat Award) for his performance in Kodiyettam. He started being known as Bharath Gopi thereafter, and even legally adopted this name. In 2017, Kamal Haasan included the film in his list of 70 favorite movies, stating "Adoor has made so many beautiful films but the simplicity of Kodiyettam is unsurpassed."
References
External links
1978 films
1978 drama films
Films directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films featuring a Best Actor National Award-winning performance
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
James Broom Millar (1909-1986) was a British Foreign Service personnel, a World War II veteran, and Media executive. He was the Director General of the Gold Coast Broadcasting Service from 1954 to 1957 and the Director General of the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation from 1957 to 1960. He was consequently the first Director General of the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation.
Early life and education
Millar was born in 1909 at Baldernock, Stirling. He was the first child of four children, and his father was an architect. He was educated at Kelvinside Academy, Loretto School, and St. John's College, Cambridge, for his tertiary education, where he studied economics under the tutelage of John Maynard Keynes. He graduated with his bachelor's degree in 1930.
Career
Following his studies at Cambridge, Millar joined the staff of George Morton and Company (his grandfather's business in Glasgow). In 1938 he was employed by the British Foreign Office due to his knowledge in French and German. He was sent to Berlin in Germany, and later Zagreb in Croatia. There, he was made vice consul at the beginning of the second world war. When the Germans invaded Yugoslavia in 1941, Millar was made liaison officer to the Yugoslav partisans due to his knowledge of Germany. He was also made liaison officer in the Middle East and later in Bari, Italy. In Italy, Millar was responsible for training troops for parachute jumping and also improve relations with partisans. He stayed in Bari until 1945.
In 1946, Millar was employed by the British Broadcasting Corporation's Eastern European Service as a Programme Organiser, he later became an Assistant Head of the Service. He left for Yugoslavia in 1948 to study and understand the broadcasting needs of under-developed territories. The Colonial Office at the time was focused on improving broadcasting and a special post of Broadcasting Officer was created. Millar applied to be seconded in 1949, as he recalled, "I must say I never expected to get it". He however gained the appointment and became very keen on overseeing broadcasting schemes under Colonial Development and Welfare funds. He worked together with Tom Chalmers the then Director of Broadcasting in Nigeria upon secondment by the British Broadcasting Corporation.
Millar returned to the administrative side of the British Broadcasting Corporation as a Senior Administrative Assistant, External Broadcasting in 1951. When an opening came along for Director of the Gold Coast Broadcasting Service, he was seconded by the British Broadcasting Corporation to take up the position on 1 August 1954. Upon his secondment for the post, broadcasting had grown from under the wing of the Department of Information (which was then responsible for everything related to broadcasting in the Gold Coast) to become a department on its own. Millar served as the Director of the Gold Coast Broadcasting Service from 1954 until 1957 when the department was renamed the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation upon Ghana's independence. Millar then became the Director General of the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation from 1957 to 1960. He was succeeded by William Frank Kobina Coleman.
Death
Millar died on 19 August 1986 in Sierra Leone.
See also
Ghana Broadcasting Corporation
References
People educated at Kelvinside Academy
People educated at Loretto School, Musselburgh
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
1909 births
British Army personnel of World War II
1986 deaths
Christopher Louis Wreford-Brown DSO RN (born August 1945) is a retired British Royal Navy officer.
Falklands War
He was captain of HM Submarine Conqueror during the Falklands War, during which Conqueror attacked and destroyed the Argentine Navy's cruiser the ARA General Belgrano. For the Falklands patrol he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. He is currently the only naval officer to have commanded a nuclear submarine which has sunk a warship in war operations. When asked about the incident later, Wreford-Brown responded, "The Royal Navy spent thirteen years preparing me for such an occasion. It would have been regarded as extremely dreary if I had fouled it up."
Operation Barmaid
In July 1982 Wreford-Brown captained HMS Conqueror in an operation during the Cold War in the Barents Sea, where it carried out a successful clandestine sub-surface raid to capture Soviet Navy hydrophonic sonar equipment from Warsaw Pact vessels upon the high sea for technical analysis by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
Later naval career
He became commanding officer of the frigate HMS Cornwall as well as Captain of 8th Frigate Squadron in 1988. His other commands include the diesel submarine HMS Opossum and the nuclear submarine HMS Valiant.
Post-military career
Wreford-Brown retired from the Royal Navy in 1995 with the rank of Captain, and was employed as a Director of Paignton Zoo until his retirement in 2010.
References
1945 births
Living people
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Royal Navy personnel of the Falklands War
Royal Navy submarine commanders
Date of birth missing (living people)
Putut Waringin Jati (born 21 December 1986) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a winger for PSIS Semarang.
References
External links
Profile at Footballdatabase.eu
1986 births
Living people
Arema F.C. players
PSPS Pekanbaru players
Association football midfielders
Indonesian footballers
People from Sukoharjo Regency
Sportspeople from Central Java
"Don't Look Back" is a song by English drum and bass production duo Matrix & Futurebound. It was released on 6 July 2014. The song entered at number 38 on the UK Singles Chart.
Track listing
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Release history
Music video
Two Irish models Sarah Tansey and Thalia Heffernan featured in the music video.
References
2014 singles
Matrix & Futurebound songs
2014 songs
Songs written by Tanya Lacey
Scott Bianco (born 9 November 1967 in Kamloops, British Columbia) is a Canadian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was a six time Canadian Senior Freestyle Champion winning 90 kg four times, 100 kg and 130 kg. A 1994 Commonwealth Gold Medal and 7th place in the world Championships were amongst his other achievements. During his wrestling career he first completed in the NAIA's for Simon Fraser University and then later as a member of the Burnaby Mountain Wrestling Club.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kamloops
Olympic wrestlers of Canada
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Canadian male sport wrestlers
Commonwealth Games medallists in wrestling
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Wrestlers at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Wilhelmina Iris Winifred Hasbach ("Iris Hoey") (17 July 1885 – 13 May 1979) was a British actress in the first half of the twentieth century, both on stage and in movies.
Early life
Iris Hoey was born in London, daughter of Wilhelm Anton Hasbach, a professor of political economy.
Career
In the early part of her career, Hoey alternated performances in straight theatre alongside Beerbohm Tree with musical comedy with George Edwardes; she appeared in minor musical roles in Les P'tites Michu and the 1906 revival of The Geisha.
Her first film appearance was in East Lynne (1922), an adaptation of the 1861 sensation novel by Mrs Henry Wood; during her busiest period of film work (the 1930s), in 1934 she appeared in the West End in the play Mary Read.
Personal life
Hoey married first, in 1911, Mashiter ("Max") Leeds (1883-1937), of Spring Grove, Bishopstoke, Hampshire, grandson of Sir Joseph Edward Leeds, 2nd baronet; they were divorced in 1922, having had a son, Joseph Mashiter Leeds (born 1912).
She married Cyril Raymond in 1922; on 4 December 1923, their son, John North Blagrave Raymond (1923-1977), was born in Bristol; he was a journalist and literary editor of the New Statesman.
Filmography
External links
References
1885 births
1979 deaths
English stage actresses
English film actresses
Actresses from London
20th-century English actresses
Velen is a town in the district Borken, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with about 12,000 citizens. It consists of the two settlements of Velen and Ramsdorf and the four rural regions Ostendorf-Krueckling, Bleking-Holthausen, Nordvelen and Waldvelen. In 2003 the town received the title "staatlich anerkannter Erholungsort" (recreation village approved by the state) from the regional president. Since August 2012 it is a town.
Personalities
Hendrickje Stoffels (1626-1663), partner of the Dutch Baroque painter Rembrandt
Ludwig Averkamp (1927-2013), Archbishop of Hamburg
Klaus Balkenhol (born 1939), German dressage rider
Georg Veit (born 1956), writer
Marv Terhoch, son of Velen-born Kurt Terhoch, refugee to Canada in 1939
References
Borken (district)
Province of Westphalia
Argentina Santos or Maria Argentina Pinto dos Santos (6 February 1924 – 18 November 2019) was a Portuguese singer considered one of the last great Fado singers.
Life
Santos was born in the Mouraria area of Lisbon in 1924. She started school but left so quickly that she was illiterate and had to learn reading and writing much later.
She was interested in singing but married twice and neither of her husbands approved of her singing in public. It was only after her second husband died that she was able to regain her career and her singing became popular.
In 1950 she took charge of the Lisbon restaurant "Parreirinha de Alfama" which became a centre for Fado playing.
In 1995 she began to appear on Portuguese television and the following year she was performing on Brazilian TV. She appeared in several European cities including appearing at the Edinburgh Festival.
In 2005 she was given an award in Lisbon for her singing.
In 2013 she was given an award (Infant D Henrique) by the Argentinian government.
She died in Lisbon's Santa Maria Hospital in 2019.
References
1924 births
2019 deaths
Singers from Lisbon
21st-century Portuguese women singers
20th-century Portuguese women singers
Kodimaniyanda Madappa Ashwath Aiyappa (18 November 1983 – 17 April 2014) was an Indian cricketer. He played three first-class matches for Karnataka in 2001/02. He drowned while trying to save his brother in a reservoir.
References
External links
1983 births
2014 deaths
Indian cricketers
Karnataka cricketers
Cricketers from Bangalore
Deaths by drowning in India
The 2011 Currie Cup Premier Division was the 73rd season in the competition since it started in 1889 and was contested from July to October 2011. The tournament (known as the Absa Currie Cup Premier Division for sponsorship reasons) is the top tier of South Africa's premier domestic rugby union competition.
The MTN Golden Lions won the 2011 Currie Cup Premier Division.
Competition
Regular season and title playoffs
There were 8 participating teams in the 2011 Currie Cup Premier Division. These teams played each other twice over the course of the season, once at home and once away.
Teams received four points for a win and two points for a draw. Bonus points were awarded to teams that scored 4 or more tries in a game, as well as to teams that lost a match by 7 points or fewer. Teams were ranked by points, then points difference (points scored fewer points conceded).
The top 4 teams qualified for the title play-offs. In the semifinals, the team that finished first had home advantage against the team that finished fourth, while the team that finished second had home advantage against the team that finished third. The winners of these semi-finals played each other in the final, at the home venue of the higher-placed team.
Relegation
The 2012 Currie Cup Premier Division will only consist of six teams, so the bottom 2 teams will be relegated to the 2012 Currie Cup First Division.
Teams
Changes from 2010
None, no teams were relegated.
Team Listing
Table
Fixtures and results
Fixtures are subject to change.
All times are South African (GMT+2).
Compulsory Friendlies
Regular season
Round One
Round Two
Round Three
Round Four
Round Five
Round Six
Round Seven
Round Eight
Round Nine
Round Ten
Round Eleven
Round Twelve
Round Thirteen
Round Fourteen
Title Play-Off Games
Semi-Finals
Final
Top scorers
The following sections contain only points and tries which have been scored in competitive games in the 2011 Currie Cup Premier Division.
Top points scorers
Last updated: 29 Oct 2011 Source: South African Rugby Union
Top try scorers
Last updated: 29 Oct 2011 Source: South African Rugby Union
Awards
See also
2011 Currie Cup First Division
2011 Vodacom Cup
2011 Under-21 Provincial Championship
2011 Under-19 Provincial Championship
Currie Cup
ABSA
References
External links
2011
2011 in South African rugby union
2011 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Barbara Renee Turner (born June 8, 1984) is a former American professional basketball player currently working as an assistant coach for the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). She acquired US / Turkish dual citizenship while playing in Turkey; her name in Turkish is spelled Bahar Öztürk.
High school
Born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio, Turner played for East Technical High School in Cleveland, where she was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2002 WBCA High School All-America Game where she scored thirteen points.
College
In her last NCAA Tournament run, Barbara Turner was unable to get her Connecticut team back to the pinnacle of women's college basketball after helping UConn win NCAA Championships in 2003 and 2004. The Huskies' 2006 Final Four bid fell short in overtime against Duke in the Elite Eight, with Turner unable to play down the stretch because of debilitating cramps.
USA Basketball
Turner was named to the team representing the US at the 2003 Pan American Games. The team lost the opening game to Cuba, then rebounded to win their next five games, including an overtime win against Brazil. They then faced Cuba for the gold medal, falling short 75–64 to take home the silver medal. Turner averaged 5.4 points per game.
College highlights
2003 Big East All-Rookie Team
2004 All-Big East Second Team
2005 All-Big East Honorable Mention
2005 Most Outstanding of Big East Tournament
2005 Big East All-Tournament Team
WNBA career
Turner's dominant postseason - she averaged 22.8 points and 10.5 rebounds in the NCAA Tournament - secured her a spot in the first round of the 2006 WNBA Draft when Turner was taken 11th overall by the Seattle Storm. She quickly made the transition from power forward to small forward in the WNBA, starting 9 games as a rookie and appearing in all 34 games during the 2006 season, averaging 6.4 points, 2.5 rebounds and 1.4 assists.
On May 16, 2007, Turner was waived by the Seattle Storm, and two weeks later she was signed by the Houston Comets. During the 2007 season, Turner played in 22 games, averaging 4.2 points and 1.9 rebounds.
On March 6, 2008, Turner was re-signed by the Comets, then traded to the Connecticut Sun in exchange for Megan Mahoney.
European career
2006 : Maccabi Ramat
2006–2007: Fenerbahçe Istanbul
2008–2009: Tarsus Belediyesi
2009–2010: Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi
2010–2012: Kayseri Kaski S.K.
2012–2013: Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi
2013–2014: Botaş SK
2014 Galatasaray OdeaBank,
2014–2015: Orduspor
2015–2018: Hatay BŞB
Vital statistics
Position: Small Forward
Height: 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m)
High School: East Technical High School in Cleveland, Ohio
College: University of Connecticut
Team(s): Seattle Storm 2006, Houston Comets 2007, Connecticut Sun 2008
Coaching career
On September 26, 2021, Turner joined the Houston Rockets coaching staff as a player development coach.
Awards
Ohio Ms. Basketball (2004) awarded by Ohio High School Basketball Coaches Association
University of Connecticut statistics
See also
Connecticut Huskies women's basketball
List of Connecticut women's basketball players with 1000 points
2003–04 Connecticut Huskies women's basketball team
Notes
External links
WNBA Player Profile
WNBA Prospect Profile
Seattle Storm Profile
1984 births
Living people
Abdullah Gül Üniversitesi basketball players
American emigrants to Turkey
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American women's basketball players
American people of Turkish descent
Basketball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Basketball players from Cleveland
Bendigo Spirit players
Botaş SK players
Fenerbahçe women's basketball players
Galatasaray S.K. (women's basketball) players
Hatay Büyükşehir Belediyesi (women's basketball) players
Houston Comets players
Houston Rockets assistant coaches
Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi women's basketball players
Naturalized citizens of Turkey
Seattle Storm draft picks
Seattle Storm players
Small forwards
Turkish people of African-American descent
UConn Huskies women's basketball players
Pan American Games competitors for the United States
United States women's national basketball team players
Francesco Depasquale (born June 1970) is a Maltese judge.
See also
Judiciary of Malta
References
External links
https://offshoreleaks.icij.org/nodes/56046686
Living people
20th-century Maltese lawyers
21st-century Maltese judges
1970 births
People from Attard
Marcus Valerius Poplicola was a politician of the Roman Republic who served as magister equitum under the dictator Gaius Sulpicius Peticus in 358 and as consul in 355 and 353 BC.
He was chosen as the magister equitum of Gaius Sulpicius Peticus in 358 BC in order to confront a group of Gauls who had entered Latium. The Romans engaged the Gauls at Pedum after a prolonged standoff. Poplicola was then elected as consul in 355 BC alongside the former dictator Peticus. The two took the town of Empulum from Tibur without any major battle being fought. His next consulship was in 353 BC, and he served alongside Peticus once again. With the threat of attack from both the Etruscans and the Volsci, Valerius was called back to Rome in order to nominate Titus Manlius Imperiosus Torquatus as dictator.
References
Roman patricians
4th-century BC Roman consuls
Valerii
Luca Mombello (active mid-late 16th century) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance periods, mainly active in Brescia.
Biography
He was born in Orzivecchi around 1518.
He was the pupil of il Moretto, and respected for painting altarpieces in the Duomo Vecchio including one of the Virgin and Child with Saints Cecilia and Catherine. However he was expelled from the studio for "lubricious sins" (peccando
singolarmente per piacere ad imbelli ed indotte persone di troppa lisciatura ).
Activity
The Tradition, he wants skilled woodcarver of frames and, as such, seems to have entered the workshop of Moretto.
His first occupation can somehow explain the anomalous absence of youth paintings and the subsequent predilection for overloaded compositions, full of ornaments. After the death of the master, in fact, Mombello will significantly accentuate his tendency towards decorativism. The contrast is evident in the early days, marked by a more careful recovery of Moretto, and maturity, aimed at decorative exuberance, which leads him to achieve a pictorial style that can be considered Mannerist.
Mombello himself organized a school of painting. It is supposed that inside there could be specialized help in making lace, jewels, flowers.
Works
Few works by Mombello were dated by himself, and just as rare are the autograph works. Surely among the first works, if not the first ever after the death of the master, is the completion of Abraham's Meeting with Melchisedek, commissioned to the master and left unfinished at his death. Here Mombello must necessarily trace the work of the master in order not to damage the overall vision once the work is finished. The figures therefore appear to us still very monumental and solemn. One of the last works is certainly the Madonna with Child, San Rocco, San Sebastiano and San Giuseppe in the church of San Giuseppe at Brescia, dated 1580, about 8–10 years before his death.
His figures, over the years, gradually tended to lose monumentality, to become thinner, until they appeared almost archaic.
Painted by the still strong Moretti influences is the Presentation of Jesus at the Temple of the Pinacoteca Tosio Martinengo, also in Brescia. This leads to its dating shortly after The Meeting of Abraham with Melchizedek; the gestures of the characters still allow us a good overview, harmonious and solemn, even though the figures appear more minute. Other works include the Presentation of the Virgin at the Temple, Saint Helena and Portrait of a Gentlewoman in the Pinacoteca Tosio Martinengo, and The Mystic Marriage of Saint Catherine and two Saints in the Church of Santa Maria in Calchera in the same city.
References
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Brescia
Italian Renaissance painters
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Milovan Drecun ( born 4 October 1957) is a Serbian journalist and politician. A member of the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS), he has been an MP in the Serbian parliament since 2012.
During the 1990s Drecun worked as correspondent at the state-owned broadcaster RTS. In parallel, he maintained a career in politics. As member of the Serbian Revival, he was a candidate at the 2004 Serbian presidential elections receiving 0.54% of the popular vote.
Early life
Drecun was born in Vranje, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia. He is of Montenegrin descent. Drecun completed primary school in Surdulica before moving to Vladičin Han for high school studies. He then enrolled at the University of Belgrade's Faculty of Political Sciences, graduating in 1981.
Journalism career
Drecun's first journalistic experience was with Narodna armija (People's Army), a magazine published by the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA). In 1992, following the breakup of SFR Yugoslavia, the magazine was renamed Vojska.
In 1993 he started working for the state-owned public broadcaster RTS where he remained until the end of Kosovo War in June 1999. During those six years Drecun was a war correspondent for the state television's main channel RTS 1, getting dispatched to Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars.
He was banned from national TV after the Kosovo War. He occasionally works for foreign corporations. He has written two books about the conflict in the Kosovo War - The Second Battle of Kosovo (Други Косовски Бој) and Kosmet Legend (Косметска легенда), he also wrote "Brate gde je nasa Srbija"(Brother where is our Serbia), "Rat za Kosovo"(War for Kosovo), and his latest work "Alahovi ratnici" (Allah's warriors), is about global terrorism.
Political career
In 1996, Drecun joined the Socialist Party of Serbia (SPS), a ruling party in Serbia headed at the time by Slobodan Milošević.
In early 2000 Drecun formed his own political party called Serbian Revival.
In June 2011, Drecun joined the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS) led at the time by Tomislav Nikolić, which was in opposition. Drecun was on the SNS-led coalition electoral list for the 2012 parliamentary election where the list won slightly over 24% of the popular vote, which was good for 57 parliamentary seats. Drecun thus became an MP in the National Assembly.
Personal
Drecun is married to Danijela and has two children by her, Dejan and Milica.
See also
Role of the media in the Yugoslav wars
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Vranje
Serbian journalists
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Members of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Collective Security Treaty Organization
Serbian people of Montenegrin descent
Candidates for President of Serbia
Craig W. Hanmer (January 6, 1956 – January 2, 2011) was an American professional ice hockey player who played in the World Hockey Association (WHA). He played 27 games with the Indianapolis Racers during the 1974–75 WHA season after being drafted by the Racers in the second round, 17th overall, of the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft. He was also drafted in the third round, 53rd overall, of the 1976 NHL Amateur Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers.
Career statistics
References
External links
1956 births
2011 deaths
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Ice hockey players from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Indianapolis Racers draft picks
Indianapolis Racers players
Mohawk Valley Comets players
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
St. Paul Vulcans players
Springfield Indians players
Imma pardalina is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1863. It is found on Borneo and in Malaysia (Selangor) and Singapore.
The wingspan is . The forewings are fuscous with the submedian fold forming a whitish-ochreous groove towards the base, terminating in a small basal spot of raised whitish-ochreous scales, the median area forming a very indefinite ochreous-whitish band, the anterior edge running from about two-fifths of the costa to before the middle of the dorsum, acutely triangular-prominent above the middle and indented above and below this, on the lower half preceded by dark reddish-fuscous suffusion, the posterior edge from about three-fourths of the costa to three-fourths of the dorsum, undefined. Within this band are a semi-oval cloudy dark fuscous spot on the middle of the costa and a longitudinal blackish-fuscous sometimes interrupted mark in the disc, strongly hooked upwards at the posterior extremity. The posterior area is reddish tinged and finely irrorated with blackish fuscous, with a submarginal series of irregular brownish-ochreous triangular marks. The hindwings have a subdorsal groove. They are dark fuscous, somewhat lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1863
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Sericornis is a genus of small, mainly insectivorous birds, the scrubwrens in the family Acanthizidae. Despite the similarity in shape and habits, the true wrens (Troglodytidae) are a quite unrelated group of passerines.
The genus previously contained additional species but following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study of the scrubwrens in 2018, several species were moved to the resurrected genus Aethomyias and the yellow-throated scrubwren was placed in its own monotypic genus Neosericornis.
The genus contains eight species:
Large-billed scrubwren, Sericornis magnirostris
Tropical scrubwren or Beccari's scrubwren, Sericornis beccarii - sometimes included in S. magnirostris
Large scrubwren, Sericornis nouhuysi
Spotted scrubwren, Sericornis maculatus - previously included in S. frontalis
Tasmanian scrubwren or brown scrubwren, Sericornis humilis - previously included in S. frontalis
Atherton scrubwren, Sericornis keri
White-browed scrubwren, Sericornis frontalis
Perplexing scrubwren, Sericornis virgatus
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2006). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Geographer is an American synth-pop/indie rock band founded in 2007 by Mike Deni in San Francisco, California, United States.
Deni has described his sound as being "soulful music from outer space"; using analog, electronic and acoustic elements to craft dense layers and unique sound textures. As Geographer, Deni has released multiple albums, including Innocent Ghosts in 2008, Myth in 2012, and Ghost Modern in 2015; along with two EPs, Animal Shapes in 2010, Endless Motion in 2015; and a number of 7-inch singles including, "Kites" in 2010.
Early history
Deni relocated to San Francisco from New Jersey in 2005. After finding a synthesizer on the street, he began to channel his experiences into the songs that would become Innocent Ghosts. He began playing his songs locally in San Francisco at open mic nights—most notably the Hotel Utah, where he met cellist Nathan Blaz and drummer Brian Ostreicher. Blaz and Ostreicher originally met while attending the Berklee College of Music, in Boston, Massachusetts, before moving to San Francisco. After being introduced to Deni at an open mic night by mutual friend Kacey Johansing, the two would join Deni's live band.
On August 17, 2008, Deni released Innocent Ghosts independently and the band began playing around the San Francisco Bay Area. The release garnered local and national attention, with Spin magazine voting the band "[o]ne of the three undiscovered bands you need to hear now".
Career
Deni signed with local Bay Area label Tricycle Records, and in December 2009, released a 7-inch single for the song "Kites" with a cover of the English rock band New Order's "Age of Consent" as the B-side.
In 2010, he followed up the single with the release of the six-song EP Animal Shapes. The digital-download version of the record also contained two bonus remixes of the songs "Kites" and "Paris" by fellow Bay Area artists Wallpaper and The Limousines. The album received favorable reviews, landing the band a "Best of" award by the SF Weekly. November 2010 marked the first major tour for the band, supporting Stars on dates across the United States beginning in the Bay Area and ending in Buffalo, NY.
In March 2011, the band signed with Modern Art Records, based in New York City, New York.
In December 2011, Paste magazine released the single "Life of Crime" from the forthcoming full-length album Myth, to be released by Modern Art Records.
O February 28, 2012, Deni released Myth. In March of the same year, the band embarked on a five-week U.S. tour with labelmate indie-pop band Miniature Tigers. On 11 August 2012, the band played a set on the Twin Peaks Stage at the Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival, in San Francisco, the largest audience for which the band had thus far performed. The set featured new songs "Life of Crime," "Lover's Game" and "Kites".
In September 2012, the band announced that it would head out on a 21-date U.S. tour with indie-rock band Freelance Whales. The tour began 4 October at Lincoln Hall in Chicago, Illinois, and ended 3 November at the Paradise Rock Club in Boston.
The band embarked on their first headlining tour of the western United States in 2013 with the band On An On. The tour began 12 January at Doug Fir Lounge in Portland, Oregon, and ended 1 February at The Echo in Los Angeles, California. The tour was a success for the band, selling out venues across the U.S. including their homecoming show at the historic Fillmore West on 31 January. The band continued touring throughout 2013 in the U.S. and Canada with support from GRMLN and Royal Bangs.
The band announced on its website in March 2014 that they would be supporting Tokyo Police Club on their North American tour. On 20 January 2015 Paste magazine premiered the single "I'm Ready" and announced his forthcoming full-length LP Ghost Modern to be released in March 2015. Prior to the release of Ghost Modern, the band headlined a sold-out show at the Fox Theater in Oakland, California as part of the Noise Pop Festival. The show debuted new songs including "Need" and "I'm Ready" which would appear on the upcoming full-length album.
Ghost Modern, Deni's third album, was released on 23 March through Roll Call Records. The album featured the previously released single "I'm Ready" as well as recently released singles "Need" and "The Guest". Prior to the release of Ghost Modern, Blaz and Osteicher stepped down as the touring band to pursue other projects that prevented them from maintaining the band's rigorous touring schedule. Deni then recruited cellist Joyce Lee, guitarist and bass player Duncan Nielsen and drummer Cody Rhodes as his touring band, headlining shows throughout the United States and South by Southwest.
Deni released a cover of Paul Simon's "I Know What I Know" through Billboard on October 26, 2015, announcing the release of the covers EP Endless Motion, which features additional covers of Kate Bush's "Cloudbusting", New Order's "Age of Consent", Felix da Housecat's "Ready 2 Wear" and Arthur Russell's "This Is How We Walk on the Moon".
On December 16, 2016, Deni independently released the Geographer single "I Want It All".
In 2018, Deni moved away from San Francisco with plans to settle in Los Angeles.
Live
In live performances, Deni is known to sample and loop his vocals, saxophone, and synthesizers using an Akai MIDI controller. During performances, the cellist uses an NS Designs electric cello, often combined with effects pedals to create unique sounds.
Discography
Albums
Innocent Ghosts (2008), Geographer Music
Myth (2012), Modern Art Records
Ghost Modern (2015), Roll Call Records
Down and Out in the Garden of Earthly Delights (2021)
Extended plays
Animal Shapes (2010), Tricycle Records
Endless Motion: Vol. 1 (2015), Roll Call Records
Alone Time (2018)
New Jersey (2019)
Singles
"Kites" 7" (2010)
"Life of Crime" (2012)
"Lover's Game" (2012)
"I'm Ready" (2015)
"Need" (2015)
"The Guest" (2015)
"I Want It All" (2016)
"Read My Mind" (2017)
"So Low" (2017)
"Summer of my Discontentment" (2019)
"Love is Wasted in the Dark" (2019)
"When Will I Belong" (2020)
"Slave To The Rhythm" (2020)
"Love Is Madness" (2020)
"Alibi" (2020)
"Keep Running" (2020)
"The Other Side" (2020)
Song usage
"The Morning" was used in the official trailer for the film New York, I Love You (2009).
"Paris" was sampled in the hip-hop song Impossible by G-Side.
"Kites", "Verona", and "Paris" were featured in Season 2 (2010) of MTV's reality-television series The Buried Life.
"Can't You Wait" was featured in Pixar's It Gets Better anti-gay bullying campaign video.
"Original Sin" was featured in MTV's teen comedy television series Awkward.
"Original Sin" was featured in Buuteeq's DMS Hero Video.
"Age of Consent" was used in Apple's iPad Mini feature spot on Apple's website.
"Original Sin" was used in The CW's Star-Crossed.
"Lover's Game" was featured in the Lionsgate film Date and Switch (2014).
"Kites" was used in Valo 4life (2009), a team video for aggressive inline skate company Valo, during a montage section.
"Blinders" was sampled in the hip hop song Blinderz by ST 2 Lettaz (2013).
"When Will I Belong" was featured in New Amsterdam "Liftoff" (2020).
"Get There Soon" was featured on CBS's God Friended Me in 2020 and ABC's The Rookie "The Q Word" in 2020.
"The Reason" was used on the television series Grey's Anatomy.
Remixes
Waters - "Got to My Head" (2014)
Vacationer - "Good As New" (2013)
Blondefire - "Where The Kids Are" (2013)
Bogan Via - "Kanye" (2013)
Rubblebucket - "Oversaturated" (2012)
See also
Culture of San Francisco
List of bands from the San Francisco Bay Area
List of dream-pop artists
List of indie-rock musicians
Music of California
References
External links
Geographer on Modern Art Records
Geographer on Tricycle Records
2008 establishments in California
21st-century American musicians
Dream pop musical groups
Electronic music groups from California
American electronic rock musical groups
Indie rock musical groups from California
Musical groups established in 2008
Musical groups from San Francisco
American musical trios
Roll Call Records artists
The Negros striped babbler (Zosterornis nigrorum) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Negros Island (Philippines).
Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forest in the range of 900–1,600 masl. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
EBird describes the bird as "A fairly small bird of lower-elevation montane forest and degraded habitat on Negros. Warm brown above and cream-colored below with fine black streaks. Note the white throat, the small white area around the eye bordered black, and the black line through the eye. Often found in mixed-species flocks. Somewhat similar to Stripe-sided and Visayan Rhabdornises, but smaller, with a white face rather than a broad black band through the eye. Voice includes high-pitched chipping notes."
It looks extremely similar to the closely related Panay striped babbler, with the differences being that the Negros striped babbler has more light and finely streaked underparts, a more distinct mask and overall lighter appearance.
Habitat and conservation status
It inhabits montane forest between 950 and 1,600 m, chiefly occurring between 1,050 and 1,400 m, generally favouring the lower storey. It seems to tolerate degraded habitats, having been recorded in recently degraded forest, secondary forest and dense bushes at the forest edge and in forest opened up for agriculture. However, it appears to be limited to areas with some remaining forest cover.
IUCN has assessed this bird as Endangered. This species' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range. By 1988, Negros only had 4% forest cover remaining and reached 1,250 m on Mt. Talinis, one of its key habitats. Among the other four striped babblers (Panay striped babbler, Palawan striped babbler and Luzon striped babbler), this bird is the most endangered with population being estimated to be just 600 - 1,700 individuals. This is due to Negros Island being one of the most deforested islands in the country and thus has a lack of suitable habitat.
The Mount Talinis /Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park area has been proposed for conservation funding. This area includes about 40 km2 of high-altitude forest, which affords indirect protection through the Negros Geothermal Reservation. Environmental awareness campaigns have been conducted near Mount Talinis itself. Mount Kanlaon is also a protected area if the babbler still persists there.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Negros striped babbler
Birds of Negros Island
Negros striped babbler
Negros striped babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Erin Wilhelmi (born in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Alice in The Perks of Being a Wallflower and Aaron Sorkin's stage adaptation of To Kill a Mockingbird.
Filmography
Film
Television
Stage
Awards and nominations
References
External links
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Louisville, Kentucky
American film actresses
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American television actresses
American stage actresses
University of Evansville alumni
Tami Kamzel is an Israeli international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Kamzel won a triples silver medal (with Irit Grenchel and Naomi Fix), at the 2005 Atlantic Bowls Championships. In 2011, she won a bronze medal at the European Bowls Championships in Portugal.
Kamzel was selected as part of the five woman team by Israel for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship Previously she had represented Israel at four more World Championships; the 2000 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, the 2004 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, the 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship and the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship.
References
Israeli female bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Josh Harper is an American football player.
Josh Harper may also refer to:
Josh Harper, character in Mates, Dates series
Josh Harper, character in The Client List played by Matthew Del Negro
Henry Ellis (August 29, 1721 – January 21, 1806) was an Irish explorer, author and slave trader who served as the governor of the colonies of Georgia and Nova Scotia.
Biography
Early years
Ellis was born August 29, 1721, in County Monaghan, Ireland, the son of Francis and Joan (née Maxwell) Ellis. He studied law at the Middle Temple in London. In May 1746, he went out as agent of a company for the discovery of the Northwest Passage. After extinguishing with difficulty a fire in his ship, he sailed to Greenland, where he exchanged commodities with the Inuit peoples on July 8. He then proceeded to Fort Nelson and wintered in Hayes River. He renewed his efforts in June 1747, without success, and returned to England where he arrived on October 14. He published an account of his explorations in 1748, entitled A voyage to Hudson's-Bay by the Dobbs Galley and California in the years 1746 and 1747 for discovering a North West Passage" and in 1750 published Considerations on the Great Advantages which would Arise from the Discovery of the North West Passage. After publishing these accounts, Ellis was inducted into the Royal Society.
Governor of Georgia
Lord Halifax, President of the Board of Trade, named Ellis lieutenant governor of Georgia on August 15, 1756. Ellis arrived at Savannah, Georgia, on February 16, 1757, and, on May 17, 1758, was made royal governor. His administration of the colony was highly esteemed. Recognizing the danger posed to the colony by hostile neighbors, he established a treaty with the Creeks. He published "Heat of the Weather in Georgia" in Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in 1758. The subtropical climate took its toll on his health and he had to be removed from governor then left Georgia on November 2, 1760, stopping in New York to request military assistance to the southern colonies.
Later years
After his return to England, his knowledge of American affairs were called into requisition for developing the plan for taxing the colonies. In return for this service he was rewarded with sinecure offices. From 1761 to 1763, he held the commission of governor of Nova Scotia, though he did not enter on the duties of his office. He afterward resided in Italy, principally occupied in scientific researches. Before he died he had a friendship with the Creek leader.
Death
He died on January 21, 1806, (aged 84–85) in Naples, Italy.
Legacy
Fort Ellis in Nova Scotia and Ellis Square in Savannah, Georgia are named after him.
References
Henry Ellis article in Georgia History
Article in New Georgia Encyclopedia
1721 births
1806 deaths
Explorers of North America
Politicians from County Monaghan
British slave traders
Fellows of the Royal Society
Colonial governors of Georgia (U.S. state)
Governors of the Colony of Nova Scotia
The following lists are for team Football at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's Asian Qualifiers.
Qualifying tournaments
Group 1
All matches played in Japan.
Japan qualify.
Group 2
All matches played in Thailand., and withdrew.
Thailand qualify.
Group 3
All matches played in Israel.
, , and withdrew.
Israel qualify.
Qualified team for Summer Olympics
The following teams from Asia qualified for the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
RSSSF
1968
Elena Sviridova (née Ivanova; born 2 April 1988) is a Paralympian athlete from Russia competing mainly in category T36 sprint events.
Sviridova competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where she won three gold medals, in the 100m and 200m sprint, and the women's T35-38 100m sprint relay. As well as her Paralympic success Sviridova has been dominant in her field during the World Championships winning gold in both the 100m and 200m sprints at the 2011 and 2015 Games.
Personal history
Sviridova was born Elena Ivanova in Yoshkar-Ola in the former Soviet Union in 1988. Sviridova studied economics at Saint Petersburg State University of Economics and Finance. She is married to fellow Russian Paralympic athlete Vladimir Sviridov, and they have a son, who was born in 2013. Sviridova has cerebral palsy.
Notes
Paralympic athletes of Russia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Russia
Living people
1988 births
Russian female sprinters
People from Yoshkar-Ola
Sportspeople from Mari El
World Para Athletics Championships winners
Medalists at the World Para Athletics Championships
Medalists at the World Para Athletics European Championships
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Paralympic silver medalists for the Russian Paralympic Committee athletes
Benka Pulko (born 15 May 1967) is a Slovenian world traveler, Guinness World Record holder, author and photographer.
Biography
Pulko has a university degree in biology, and specialized training in massage therapy, and is a former educator. She gained media attention for traveling to all seven continents on her motorcycle. On 19 June 1997 Benka Pulko departed from her hometown of Ptuj, Slovenia on a BMW F650 motorcycle. She returned to Ptuj on 10 December 2002, having established a Guinness World Record for the longest solo motorcycle ride ever undertaken by a woman - in both distance, , and duration, 2,000 days. In the process she also became the first motorcyclist to reach all seven continents, and the first woman to ride solo across Saudi Arabia. The most challenging aspect was to reach Antarctica, requiring hitching a ride on a sightseeing boat from Ushuaia, Argentina.
After returning to her home, Pulko was chosen as Slovenian Woman of the Year for 2003 by readers of Jana, Slovenia's oldest women's magazine. She was also rated by Playboy magazine at 16th place among Slovenia's most influential MEN for 2003.
Work
Journalism
In addition to being an adventurer, Pulko has extensive experience as a journalist, with her articles having appeared in approximately 50 publications in New Zealand, South Africa, United Arab Emirates, Japan and the United States. In Slovenia, she continues to be a regular contributor to national magazines and newspapers such as Jana, Delo, Dnevnik, Večer, 7D, Primorske novice, Štajerski tednik and others.
Photography
During her record-setting journey, Pulko began photographing the people and places she experienced. Since her return, she has presented these photographs in more than 40 solo exhibitions.
Literature
Pulko's first book, Po Zemlji okoli Sonca (Around the World Circling the Sun), a large format book chronicling her journey in photos and words, became the fastest selling coffee table book in Slovenian history. At the 19th National Book Fair in Ljubljana, it took home the top prize for Best Overall Publication, as well as the award for Prepress.
In 2005, Pulko provided the cover photo and co-authored the book Biseri sveta v očeh slovenskih popotnikov (Jewels of the World) along with other Slovene adventurists like Zvone Šeruga and Arne Hodalić.
Obrazi sveta / Faces of the World is an exhibition catalog, in both English and Slovene, detailing her photo exhibition of the same name.
Pulko's most successful book to date, Pocestnica was also published in 2007. At the book's launch the President of Slovenia Danilo Türk, Mayor of Slovenia's capital, Zoran Janković and other celebrities presented excerpts to the audience.
Dve ciklami ali Na svetu je dovolj prostora za vse ("Two Sour Flowers or There is Enough Room for Everyone") marks Pulko's first foray into children's literature. The book was awarded at the International Children's Literature Competition in Schwanenstadt, Austria.
Otroci sveta (Children of the World) is a collaboration with well-known Slovene young adult literature author Janja VIdmar.
Humanitarian activity
While traveling through Dharamsala, India, Pulko was moved by the plight of the children of the Tibetan diaspora. As a result, she launched the humanitarian organization "Believe in Yourself and Kickstart the World". The primary goal of the foundation is to promote, encourage, and support the education of children with limited opportunities in different parts of the world. The organization primarily focuses on providing scholarships to students of Tibetan Children's Village, and ensuring female students have equal educational opportunity.
Documentaries
Black and White Rainbow or Črno - bela mavrica (2009), recorded in both English and Slovene languages, presents a glimpse into the life of the exiled Tibetan community. It complements Pulko's similarly named exhibition, which includes hand painted Buddhist mandalas.
Others Before Self / Drugi pred menoj (2013), focuses on the educational and social philosophy behind the Tibetan Children's Village system of schools. The film includes Pulko's interview with the 14th Dalai Lama.
Works
Po Zemlji okoli Sonca (UndaraStudio, coffee table travel book, Slovene language, 2003);
Biseri sveta v očeh slovenskih popotnikov (Mladinska knjiga, co-author, coffee table travel book, Slovene language, 2005);
Obrazi sveta / Faces of the World (UndaraStudio, photo catalogue, Slovene/English language, 2007);
Pocestnica (UndaraStudio, autobiography, Slovene language, 2007);
Dve ciklami ali Na svetu je dovolj prostora za vse (UndaraStudio, children's book, Slovene language, 2009);
Two Sour Flowers or There is Enough Room for Everyone (UndaraStudio, children's book, English language, 2011);
Circling the Sun (UndaraStudio, coffee table travel book, English language, 2011);
Kickstart - Als Frau solo mit dem Motorrad um die Welt (Malik National Geographic, autobiography, German language, 2012);
5,5: jedna žena, jedan motor, sedam kontinenata (Globtroter Bečkerek, autobiography, Serbian language, 2012);
Children of the World (UndaraStudio, co-author with Janja Vidmar, young-adult literature, Slovene language, 2013).
References
External links
Pulko's Official Website
Slovenian journalists
Slovenian women journalists
Slovenian motorsport people
Slovenian women writers
Motorcycling writers
Motorcycle touring writers
Motoring journalists
Slovenian photographers
Long-distance motorcycle riders
1967 births
Living people
Slovenian travel writers
People from Ptuj
20th-century travel writers
Women travel writers
Slovenian women artists
The Hyderabad Superfast Express is a Superfast Express in India which runs between Hyderabad and Chennai Central. It was introduced on 1 April 1965. This train is named after the Hyderabad city. The Southern Railway (SR) of the Indian Railways administers this train & the train shares its rakes with 22649/22650 Yercaud Express.
Numbering
Train number 12604 runs from Hyderabad to Chennai Central while 12603 runs from Chennai Central to Hyderabad.
Route
The 12604 starts from Hyderabad at 16:50 hours and reaches Chennai Central at 05:55 hours the following day. Similarly the 12603 leaves Chennai Central at 16:45 hours and reaches Hyderabad at 05:45 hours the following day. The train runs via Sullurpeta, Naidupeta, Gudur, Nellore, Kavali, Ongole, Chirala, Bapatla, Nidubrolu, Tenali, Guntur, Sattenapalle, Piduguralla, Nadikudi Jn, Miryalaguda, Nallagonda and Secunderabad
Loco
The train is generally hauled by WAP-4 or WAP 7 from Hyderabad to Chennai Central.
Classes
The 23-coach composition contains– 1 AC First Class, 2 Two-tier AC, 2 Three-tier AC, 13 Sleeper class, 3 General, 2 SLR
See also
Andhra Pradesh Express
Visakhapatnam Swarna Jayanti Express
Padmavati Express
Rudrama Devi
Bahubali
References
http://indiarailinfo.com/train/hyderabad-chennai-central-sf-express-12604-hyb-to-mas/315/834/35
http://indiarailinfo.com/train/chennai-central-hyderabad-sf-express-12603-mas-to-hyb/314/35/834
Transport in Chennai
Transport in Hyderabad, India
Rail transport in Telangana
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Railway services introduced in 1965
Early in the 19th century, the Leiper Canal built in 1828–29 during the middle of the American canal age ran about along Crum Creek in Delaware County to its mouth in Eastern Pennsylvania's Delaware Valley carrying its owner‘s quarried products to docks on the Delaware River tidewater until 1852.
Early days
Previously, a horse-drawn tramway, the Leiper Railroad, carried stone from the quarry for 18 years before the opening of the canal.
The tramway was built by Leiper's father, Thomas Leiper, whose request to build a canal in 1791 was denied by the Pennsylvania Legislature. However, the Legislature of 1824 were of a different mind, and were unbiased by reports of failed attempts to improve the Schuylkill River (a series of failures, back to 1764) as they were debating parts of the Main Line of Public Works omnibus transportation package of bills, and the project, once ranked a crackpot idea, was in 1824 simply stylish.
Changing times
As it had evinced enthusiasms for toll roads connecting the far off frontier settlements to the east, or to better connect parts of the old east itself, between 1790 and 1820, as the 1820s progressed, the whole nation had entered a period of frenzied canal building spurred on by the successful effects of the commerce on the Lehigh Canal and Schuylkill Canals; along with the ongoing construction of the Union Canal, Chesapeake and Delaware Canal locally expected within a few years, and New York's pending completion of the Erie Canal (first section now open) even while the various Delaware and Hudson Canal projects were in the news. In light of the big projects contemplated to link Philadelphia by canal with Pittsburgh and Erie, Pennsylvania]] and Lake Erie, the Pennsylvania general court speedily approved a second canal proposal by Thomas Leiper, and the construction project was carried out by his son.
The Leiper Canal was one of several privately funded canals such as the Lehigh Canal, Union Canal and the Schuylkill Canals that operated in Pennsylvania during the same boom era as when the Pennsylvania Canal System was constructed. In 1852, the families railway was reopened and the canal and locks were eventually filled in. Completed in 1828 to haul stone in flat-bottomed boats from his quarry near Springfield Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, to the navigable Delaware River at Eddystone, industrialist George Leiper financed the canal based on a dream of his father, using it when completed to replace the animal powered Leiper Railroad between 1829 and 1852.
Configuration
Crum Creek's mouth is located at .<ref
name="gnis Crum Creek"></ref>—and perhaps uniquely ironic in history, was in turn replaced by the same railroad in 1852 when it was refurbished and reopened with new superior and now mature railroad technology.
The system, which had three locks, replaced an industrial railway built in 1810 by the elder Leiper when he failed to obtain a right-of-way charter for any canal; operated by his family, the horse-drawn industrial railroad carried the families stone goods until the canal, which could carry heavier loads, received legislative blessings and was completed in 1828.<ref
name=shank> </ref>
Recognition
The Thomas Leiper Estate was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. The Thomas Leiper House has been turned into a public museum in the well-to-do neighborhood of Wallingford.
See also
List of canals in the United States
Footnotes
External links
The Leiper Canal
Thomas Leiper, Founder, and His Impact on Delaware County
Township Treasures: The Thomas Leiper House
Pennsylvania Canal Society
American Canal Society
National Canal Museum
Canals in Pennsylvania
Transportation buildings and structures in Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Canals opened in 1829
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in Florida, sorted by type and name. In 2020, Florida had a total summer capacity of 61,833 MW through all of its power plants, and a net generation of 250,828 GWh.
Florida is the third largest generator of electricity in the nation behind Texas and Pennsylvania. Major producers include Florida Power & Light, Duke Energy, JEA, and TECO Energy.
In 2020, the average price of electricity in Florida was 10.06 cents per kWh, ranking 21st-highest in the United States. The carbon dioxide produced was 848 lbs per MWh, ranking 24th in the United States. The average price of electricity for residential use was 13.70 cents/kWh in February 2022, compared to 11.92 cents/kWh in February 2021.
By energy source
Photovoltaic (PV)
Total estimated capacity: 2046.45 MW
Total estimated area used: 15,569 acres
Total estimated number of panels in use: 11,078,724 panels
Small-Scale PV Installations (<5MW)
Integrated solar combined cycle (ISCC)
Hydroelectric
Natural gas
Total estimated capacity: 36,359 MW
Nuclear
Total estimated capacity: 3626 MW
Petroleum
Total estimated capacity: 3355 MW
Coal
Total estimated capacity: 7472 MW
Decommissioned stations and units
All stations
See also
List of power stations in the United States
Notes
External links
Interactive map of power plants
US Energy Information Administration - Florida Electric Profile
FPL 10-Year Plan
Progress Energy Plant Brochure
Florida
Geographic coordinate lists
Lists of buildings and structures in Florida
The Ministry of Tourism, Arts and Culture () abbreviated MOTAC, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for tourism, culture, archives, library, museum, heritage, arts, theatre, handicraft, visual arts, convention, exhibitions, Islamic tourism and craft.
The Minister of Tourism, Arts and Culture administers his functions through the Ministry of Tourism, Arts and Culture and a range of other government agencies.
Its headquarters is in Putrajaya.
See also
Minister of Tourism, Arts and Culture (Malaysia)
References
External links
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Tourism in Malaysia
Malaysian culture
Ministries established in 2013
2013 establishments in Malaysia
Mauga Afi ("Burning Mountain" or "Mountain of Fire") is a volcanic mountain in the Gagaʻifomauga district on the island of Savai'i in Samoa. It has an elevation of 1847m.
The most recent eruption of Mauga Afi was around 1768 and was observed by Louis Antoine de Bougainville when sailing past Savai'i. Lava from this eruption sequence covered vast areas of the north coast of Savai'i.
References
External links
Mountains of Samoa
Volcanoes of Samoa
Savai'i
Argusto () is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Southern Avenue, now renamed Dr. Meghnad Saha Sarani, is an avenue in South Kolkata connecting Gol Park with Kalighat. It falls under the Ballygunge area. It is a road with a centre boulevard that runs from Gariahat Road on the east to Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Road on the west, crossing Sarat Bose Road-Deboki Kumar Bose Sarani (near Rabindra Sarobar Stadium) on its way. The road is renamed after Dr. Meghnad Saha, a famous Indian scientist.
Localities
Rabindra Sarobar, earlier called Dhakuria Lake/Ballygunge Lake, an artificial lake, is on Southern Avenue. It comprises areas leased to several rowing clubs and cricket academies, a Safari garden, a virtually defunct children's park and play center (Lily Pool), an auditorium Nazrul Mancha, swimming pool training centres etc. Many prominent Roads either originate from or merge into Southern Avenue on its course either to its north or south, namely Keyatala Road, Jatin Bagchi Road, Lake Road, Lake View Road, Sarat Chatterjee Avenue, Lake Avenue, Lake Place, S R Das Road & Janak Road. Southern Avenue is dotted with beautiful private bungalows and several high rise apartments like 'Dakshinayan', 'Green View', 'Abhisarika', 'Ananda', 'Ashoka', 'Avenue House', 'Sarobar', 'Lake Towers', 'Arihant Garden' and 'Fort Legend' to name a few.
Landmarks
Rabindra Sarobar or Dhakuria Lake; an artificial lake created when the area south of Kalighat was drained and new streets laid out by Calcutta Municipal Development Authority (CMDA).
Birla Academy of Art and Culture
Ramakrishna Mission Institute of Culture, Gol Park
Lake Kalibari
Indian Life Saving Society (ILSS), Kolkata, formerly called Anderson Club
Nazrul Mancha, Kolkata
Vivekananda Park
Calcutta Rowing Club
Bengal Rowing Club
Rabindra Sarobar Stadium (Lake Stadium)
AMRI Medical Centre
Morris Garage showroom "MG KOLKATA"
The Asoka Stores (Medicine Shop)
Medinova Diagnostic Centre
Southern Plaza Hotel
Menoka Cinema (on Sarat Chatterjee Avenue)
Southern Avenue swimming club
Nava Nalanda High School
NG Medicare
Vibes
One of the most important places on the avenue is the Birla Academy of Art and Culture Museum which was established in 1966. Collections include paintings of the medieval period as well as modern art and some archaeological specimens. The Museum holds regular exhibitions of modern Indian sculptors and painters. One of the restaurants that is near to the Southern Avenue is the Wrong Place (Spelt at times as 'Xrong Place').
Restaurants
The Grub Club Telephone
Indthalia
The French Loaf (on Jatin Bagchi Road)
Marco Polo
Mandarin
Tandoor House
Oceania (Hotel Southern Plaza)
The Silver Oak
Casa Toscana (on Sarat Chatterjee Avenue)
The Funjabi Tadka
Crave Foodworks
Garden Cafe
Azad Hind Dhaba
Macazzo
What's Up Cafe
The Dugout
Bijoli Grill
References
Streets in Kolkata
Lydia Millet (born December 5, 1968) is an American novelist. Her most recent novel, A Children's Bible, was a finalist for the 2020 National Book Award for Fiction and named one of the ten best books of the year by the New York Times Book Review. She has been a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize. Salon wrote of Millet's work, "The writing is always flawlessly beautiful, reaching for an experience that precedes language itself."
Biography
Millet was born in Boston, Massachusetts and raised in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where she attended the University of Toronto Schools. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in interdisciplinary studies, with the highest honors in creative writing, from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a master's degree from Duke University. Formerly married to Kieran Suckling, Millet lives in Tucson, Arizona with her two children. She holds a master's in environmental policy from Duke University's Nicholas School of the Environment and worked for Natural Resources Defense Council for two years before joining the Center for Biological Diversity in 1999 as a staff writer.
Career
Millet is best known for her dark sense of humor, stylistic versatility, and political bent. Her first book, Omnivores (1996), is a subversion of the coming-of-age novel, in which a young girl in Southern California is tormented by her megalomaniac father and invalid mother and finally sold in marriage to a real estate agent. Her second, George Bush, Dark Prince of Love (2000), is a political comedy about a trailer-park woman obsessed with the 41st American president.
Brief but weighty, her third book, My Happy Life (2002), is a poetic, language-oriented work about a lonely misfit trapped in an abandoned hospital, who writes the poignant story of her life on the walls. It is narrated by, as the Village Voice glowing deems her, "an orphan cruelly mistreated by life who nevertheless regards her meager subsistence as a radiant gift." Despite the horrors that amount to her life, she still calls herself happy. Jennifer Reese of The New York Times Book Review commented on Millet's new approach to the treatment of the literary victim, saying "Millet has created a truly wretched victim, but where is the outrage? She has coolly avoided injecting so much as a hint of it into this thin, sharp and frequently funny novel; one of the narrator's salient characteristics is an inability to feel even the mildest indignation. The world she inhabits is a savage place, but everything about it interests her, and paying no attention to herself, she is able to see beauty and wonder everywhere."
Millet's fourth novel, Everyone's Pretty (2005), is a picaresque tragicomedy about an alcoholic pornographer with messianic delusions, based partly on Millet's stint as a copy editor at Larry Flynt Publications. Sarah Weinman of the Washington Post Book World called it "both prism and truth" "With a sharp eye for small details, a keen sense of the absurd and strong empathy for its creations," Millet creates a kaleidoscope of quirky characters. The New York Times Book Review called her fifth novel, Oh Pure and Radiant Heart (2005), an "extremely smart…resonant fantasy." It brings three of the physicists responsible for creating the atomic bomb to life in modern-day New Mexico, where they acquire a cult following and embark on a crusade for redemption.
How the Dead Dream (2008) is "a frightening and gorgeous view of human decline," according to Utne Reader. It features a young Los Angeles real estate developer consumed by power and political ambitions who, after his mother's suicide attempt and two other deaths, begins to nurture a curious obsession with vanishing species. Then a series of calamities forces him from a tropical island, the site on
one of his developments, onto the mainland where he takes a Conrad-esque journey up a river into the remote jungle. Eye Weekly summarized this black comedy, noting "American culture loves its stories of hubris, downfall and ruin as of late, but it takes a writer of Millet's sensitivity to enjoy the way down this much."
Love in Infant Monkeys (2010) is a short story collection featuring vignettes about famous historical and pop culture icons and their encounters with other species.
Her 2011 novel, Ghost Lights, made best-of-the-year lists in the New York Times and San Francisco Chronicle and received strong critical attention. The novel stars an Internal Revenue Service bureaucrat named Hal — a man baffled by his wife's obsession with her missing employer. In a moment of drunken heroism, Hal embarks on a quest to find the man, embroiling himself in a surreal tropical adventure (and an unexpected affair with a beguiling German woman). Ghost Lights is beautifully written, engaging, and full of insight into the heartbreaking devotion of parenthood and the charismatic oddity of human behavior. The Boston Globe called it "[An] odd and wonderful novel", while the Cleveland Plain Dealer wrote, "Millet is that rare writer of ideas who can turn a ruminative passage into something deeply personal. She can also be wickedly funny, most often at the expense of the unexamined life."
Ghost Lights was the second in an acclaimed cycle of novels that began with How the Dead Dream in 2008. The third, Magnificence (2012) completes the cycle.
Magnificence introduced Susan Lindley, a woman adrift after her husband's death and the dissolution of her family. Embarking on a new phase in her life after inheriting her uncle's sprawling mansion and its vast collection of taxidermy, Susan decides to restore the extensive collection of moth-eaten animal mounts, tending to "the fur and feathers, the beaks, the bones and shimmering tails." Meanwhile, an equally derelict human menagerie – including an unfaithful husband and a chorus of eccentric old women – joins her in residence. In a setting both wondrous and absurd, Susan defends her legacy from freeloading relatives and explores the mansion's unknown spaces. Jonathan Lethem, writing for The Guardian, called it "elegant, darkly comic…with overtones variously of Muriel Spark, Edward Gorey and J. G. Ballard, full of contemporary wit and devilish fateful turns for her characters, and then also to knit together into a tapestry of vast implication and ethical urgency, something as large as any writer could attempt: a kind of allegorical elegy for life on a dying planet. Ours, that is." The book was nominated for an Los Angeles Times Book Prize.
The September 2012 release of Shimmers in the Night was the second in The Dissenters, an eco-fantasy series for young adults. Beginning with The Fires Beneath the Sea, the plot follows two young siblings as they search for their mother, a shapeshifting character who is fighting against forces who want to make the planet over in their own image.
Pills and Starships (2014) is a young adult novel set in "a dystopic future brought by global warming."
Mermaids in Paradise (2014) tempers the sharp satire of Millet's early career with the empathy and subtlety of her more recent novels and short stories. In a send-up of the American honeymoon, "Mermaids in Paradise" takes readers to the grounds of a Caribbean island resort, where newlyweds Deb and Chip — the opinionated, skeptical narrator and her cheerful jock husband — meet a marine biologist who says she's sighted mermaids in a coral reef. Karen Russell wrote "leave it to Lydia Millet to capsize her human characters in aquamarine waters and upstage their honeymoon with mermaids. I am awed to know there's a mind like Millet's out there – she's a writer without limits, always surprising, always hilarious."
Sweet Lamb of Heaven, published by W. W. Norton & Company in May 2016, blends domestic thriller with psychological horror, following a young mother's flight from her cold and unfaithful husband. As her husband's pursuit escalates to criminal levels, she and her six-year-old daughter go into hiding in a run-down coastal motel where the other guests may have unimaginable secrets of their own. The Los Angeles Times has praised the novel as "a real thriller...part of a higher stakes game being played by Millet, one that will ultimately, unabashedly touch on time, beauty, horror, God, demons and the very nature of being," while the Washington Post called the book "exuberant and playful...featuring a rollicking kidnapping plot and deliciously well-drawn characters."
Fight No More: Stories, published in June 2018, was named the best book of the year by Library Journal.
A Children's Bible: A Novel, published in May 2020, follows a group of twelve children on a forced vacation with their families at a sprawling lakeside mansion. When a destructive storm descends on the summer estate, the group's ringleaders decide to run away, leading the younger ones on a dangerous foray into the apocalyptic chaos outside. In the Washington Post, critic Ron Charles called the novel, "a blistering little classic."
Bibliography
Awards and honors
2003 PEN Center USA Award for Fiction for My Happy Life
2005 Arthur C. Clark Award shortlist for Oh Pure and Radiant Heart
2010 Pulitzer Prize finalist for Love in Infant Monkeys
2012 National Book Critics Circle Award finalist for Magnificence
2012 Los Angeles Times Book Prize finalist for Magnificence
2012 John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellowship
2019 American Academy of Arts and Letters Literature Award for Fight No More
2020 National Book Award for Fiction shortlist for A Children's Bible
2020 New York Times 10 Best Books of 2020 A Children's Bible
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American women novelists
Canadian women novelists
Duke University alumni
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Writers from Boston
Writers from Toronto
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
20th-century Canadian novelists
21st-century Canadian novelists
20th-century Canadian women writers
21st-century Canadian women writers
In video gaming, camping is a tactic where a player obtains an advantageous static position, which may be a discreet place which is unlikely to be searched. The tactic is employed both in single-player games and online multiplayer games, but is usually more effective in an online multiplayer game, as AI opponents in single-player games may be aware of the player's position, even if they are visually hidden. The tactic varies depending on the type of game (online text adventure, graphical MMO, first-person shooter, etc.). In first-person shooters, it generally involves a player waiting in one location for other players to approach, then killing them (or performing some other action which is detrimental to the other players, depending on the game in question) before being noticed, or before the other players can react to their presence. By camping, a player is able to learn and adapt to the limited environment they are playing in, noting specific points to check repetitively. By following this method with little fault, a lower number of deaths can be achieved. In other cases, players may wait in an area to gain access to items or perform actions before other players who are not camping have the chance to do so.
Since camping is often seen as a method for circumventing much of the effort usually required to acquire a desired reward, the activity is contentious. Among many players, camping is considered very similar to cheating, especially in deathmatch-type first-person shooter games. The most common reason for this is that if every player camps, there may be no opportunities for players to come into conflict, and thus there will be no game at all.
Multiple players camping in mutually supportive positions is referred to in some types of games as turtling.
Camping in first-person shooters
Camping often provides a clear field of view over a choke point or position of tactical interest whilst retaining cover for the camper. This tactic allows one player to easily pick off any opponent that comes into sight before the opponent is aware of their presence in the area. It differs from holding a strategic position by its requisite static nature and intensive cover. More experienced players are sometimes "semi-mobile campers/snipers" that leave boobytraps and relocate after gaining a few kills to prevent retaliation.
It often proves frustrating, particularly to newer players, as it rewards those who invest a considerable amount of time in the game (which allows them to know the layout of the maps and the best defensive positions), as well as those with accurate aim, whilst surprising the victim player and potentially killing them without having a potential chance to react to such attacks.
In most deathmatch-type games that have both a time limit and a kill limit, camping can be used to take advantage of the time limit rather than the kill limit. Capture the Flag and its variants provide an incentive to invade enemy territory, regardless of the risk, since scoring flags is more important than scoring by killing the opposing team's players; conversely, this mode also encourages players to camp their own vulnerable flag to defend against the anticipated stream of attackers. However, even in such games, some players may choose to camp to give covering fire for other team members attempting to grab the flag and run back with it.
It is most common in first-person shooters when a player hides in a single location which serves as a tactical advantage over the opposing player(s) for long periods of time. The position chosen is normally secluded from casual view and may be partially secured at least on one side by any object. The location is then used to create an ambush. The period of time a camping player spends in the specific location may vary as the player reacts to game conditions. Some games will discourage camping by nagging players who remain stationary for a time to move on, or applying harsher penalties to alleged campers such as small amounts of periodic damage (which, if ignored, will eventually kill the player and force them to respawn elsewhere).
In some games such as Blacklight: Retribution, players are given a way to combat camping. All players in Blacklight: Retribution have what is known as a 'Hyper-Reality Visor' (HRV) which enables them to see, among other things, players through walls. Usage of the HRV is limited and players cannot use their weapons when it is engaged. This feature allows players to know where possible campers are and allows for faster gameplay. The HRV can be combated by certain equippable items however, such as a mine that disables the highlighting in the HRV.
Spawn camping
Spawn camping involves camping or guarding the position of the enemy team's own spawn on the map. Although usually not expressly against the rules, spawn camping is frequently considered contrary to good sportsmanship and some servers will unofficially enforce a "no-spawn-camping" rule. Exceptions may include pursuing a player who is carrying a critical objective into their own spawn for support, as may occur during Capture the Flag games. In some cases, however, being spawn camped is avoidable, and players simply have to adapt their strategy to defeat the spawn campers or prevent such a situation from occurring in the first place, for instance by guarding their spawn area or room more carefully against opponents.
Some games have spawn protection systems, giving newly spawned players invulnerability, or respawning them in a "safe area" close to the spawn. Another mechanism employed in games is 'point spawning', in which a player is spawned near a teammate and not at a specific fixed location.
Some objective-based games use fixed spawns defended by, for example, automated turrets or "god-mode NPCs" to help counter spawn camping. Sometimes players camp at spawn points just to kill the players who run by there, which is termed 'spawnkilling' and is particularly performed against new and inexperienced players. Players who do this are likely to be targeted by the players they killed.
Spawn trapping
Spawn trapping is the act of camping in an advantageous position in the vicinity of an enemy's spawn and killing them as soon as they leave the spawn, or their spawn protection runs out. Base trapping can also be used to describe this act.
Base camping
The term base camping refers to camping at the spawning area or starting area of one's own team in Capture the Flag, Team Deathmatch and other types of games: a form of defensive "turtling". This type of camping involves the player (or players) waiting outside their own team's base for members of the opposing team to come to them, rather than actively searching for enemies. Though hiding in or defending key areas of the map, especially if done by a large group, makes it easier to survive enemy attacks, it is sometimes criticized. The general acceptance of base camping mainly depends on the map, the kind of game played and the rules set by server owners. Games in which one team is to defend its base naturally encourages spawn camping. In situations where the primary objectives of both teams is to kill enemy players, base camping is less well accepted. Sometimes, base camping is also referred to as spawn camping, but the latter term usually implies camping at the opponent's spawn points.
One situation in last man standing types of games where camping is often used is when one team has a single player remaining while the other team has two or more players still alive. The single player will often camp for periods of play in a location that is easy to defend or has only one entryway, because this improves their survivability when faced with superior opposition numbers. The other team will usually go into active hunting mode, expecting the single player to be hiding somewhere on the map. This type of camping is more accepted by gamers, because there is a valid reason for the outnumbered player to camp. By convention, when both teams are down to single players only, continued camping is frowned upon and both players are expected to come out and confront each other. To encourage this, some games, such as Battlefield, allow dead players to see the positions of remaining players on the map as well as allow dead players to speak. Thus when a team is down to a single player and the single player camps, team members may announce their location to the opposing team.
Battle royale games discourage camping, at least in the sense that players typically cannot stay in one area for the entirety of a session. Such games utilize a dangerous, doughnut-shaped, area-wide shadow that covers the map, with a shrinking hole that defines the safe play area to force players to move and engage other opponents. Players who do not move to a safer area when the safe zone shrinks will be exposed to the hazard and suffer. A player may choose to camp multiple times (which is encouraged), changing locations every time the safe zone shrinks, to try and outlast the other players as they eliminate each other, but ultimately have to engage in combat with the final, remaining opponents to emerge victorious in the endgame.
Miscellaneous
First-person shooters may experience other forms of camping, such as 'vehicle camping', 'armor camping', or 'weapon camping'. In many such games, the rarity of particularly valuable equipment (such as tanks, aircraft, or especially powerful guns) is enforced by the game engine imposing a time delay between the time which such an item is taken or used, and the time at which it reappears (or 'respawns') for other players to use. If a player wishes to acquire the vehicle or item in question, they may wait in areas where such an item is due to spawn in order to guarantee that they, rather than some other players, are the ones who get to make use of it. This causes a problem because, while they are waiting, they are not participating in the rest of the game, thus making it harder for other players to find conflicts, or in team-based gamessuch as Battlefielddisadvantaging their team. It can also cause conflicts between players on the same team. For example, if two players are waiting for a vehicle to spawn, one will miss out on at least the main driving seat, and may decide to team-kill the player who took it, or destroy the vehicle to prevent the other player from using it. This is considered to be a form of griefing.
On the other hand, a player may simply choose to camp in a vehicle, taking advantage of the vehicle's armor or its weapons, which are generally better than the player's. In many cases the vehicle has a large amount ofor even infinite ammunition, allowing the camper to avoid expending their own ammunition when engaging the enemy team.
Countermeasures
Camping can give players a tactical advantage against other players who have not yet encountered them, but by consistently remaining in one area, other players they have killed previously may return after respawning with the knowledge of where the camping player is, or inform their teammates via text or voice communication. Opponents may attempt to counter the camping player's strategy by either approaching from a different angle which no longer gives the camper a tactical advantage, or through the use of more indirect weaponry such as grenades which can be used without being directly in view of the camping player.
This type of gameplay is sometimes seen as one of the core components of Attack/Defend matches as both teams seek to set up or destroy prepared defensive positions. However, these maps are usually under a time or "casualty" limit to passively encourage or discourage camping behaviors; designers must take great care in designing maps to prevent the creation of essentially unassailable camping spots.
Online role-playing games
In massively multiplayer online role-playing games and MUDs, camping is commonly the practice where the camper stays in a location near where non-player characters, monsters or desirable items spawn. In some games, these positions are easy to spot and once a player or group of players is capable of establishing their camp, they can gain more rewards with less risk to their player characters. This variant of camping poses no risk to other players, unlike in first-person shooters. There is no official rule granting players exclusive rights to a camp.
The MMORPG EverQuest, when first released, required significant time investment to advance in level for most players, requiring many hours of killing NPCs. Players soon realized that camping in one spot and having a single player (referred to as a "puller") leave the group to "pull" a mob back to the groupwhich would then be attacked by the rest of the groupwas the most efficient way to gain experience. The prevalence of camping in EverQuest became significant enough for some of the game's playerbase and critics to jokingly refer to the game as "EverCamp".
See also
Gaming etiquette
Glossary of video game terms
Diary of a Camper
References
Esports techniques
MUD terminology
Video game culture
Esports terminology
Imaginary Mary is an American live-action/animated fantasy sitcom television series created by Adam F. Goldberg, David Guarascio and Patrick Osborne that aired on ABC from March 29 to May 30, 2017. The series is executive produced by the creators and was greenlighted to series order on May 12, 2016. A first-look-trailer was released on the same day. ABC reduced the number of episodes from thirteen to nine on September 28, 2016.
On May 11, 2017, the series was cancelled after one season.
Plot
The series follows Alice when an imaginary puppet being from her childhood, named Mary, reappears when she is now a single public relations executive falling in love with a single father of three children. Mary hopes to guide (or misguide) her.
Cast
Jenna Elfman as Alice
Stephen Schneider as Ben Cooper, Alice's love interest
Nicholas Coombe as Andy Cooper, Ben's son
Matreya Scarrwener as Dora Cooper, Ben's daughter
Erica Tremblay as Bunny Cooper, Ben's daughter
Rachel Dratch as the voice of Mary
Production
The series was first announced in 2015 as Imaginary Friend which was then changed to Imaginary Gary. In the original pilot, the main characters were both men and the love interest was a single mom. When the series went into development, the genders of the characters were flipped. Elfman filmed her scenes first with a puppet in order for the animators to have a reference point, and then in a later take without anything to show what she was talking to. Dratch did her voice work separately in New York with the scenes already filmed. She said at the TCA press tour, "I have the freedom to go crazy."
In September 2016, it was reported that the show's crew would make changes with the animation for the character, Mary, after it received a poor reception from ABC. ABC then reduced the original thirteen-episode order for the first season to nine episodes in order to allow the show's crew to make changes with the animation.
Episodes
Reception
Critical response
The series received a generally negative response from critics. On review aggregator site Metacritic, Imaginary Mary has a metascore of 39 out of 100 based on 13 critics signifying "generally unfavorable reviews". On another review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes, the show has a 27% approval rating, based on 22 reviews, with an average rating of 3.9/10. The site's critical consensus: "Imaginary Mary appealing cast is canceled out by uninspired material and a ridiculous premise whose deficiencies are compounded by an unfunny, ill-advised CGI creature."
Ratings
See also
Drop Dead Fred, a 1991 British/American dark fantasy black-comedy film with a similar concept.
Son of Zorn, another live-action/animated hybrid that premiered in the 2016–2017 season.
References
External links
Imaginary Mary at Facebook
American Broadcasting Company original programming
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
2017 American television series debuts
2017 American television series endings
American fantasy television series
American television shows featuring puppetry
American television series with live action and animation
English-language television shows
Television series about dysfunctional families
Television series by ABC Studios
Television series by Happy Madison Productions
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
Television shows set in Chicago
Television shows filmed in British Columbia
The double-collared seedeater (Sporophila caerulescens) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay, as well as the southern border of Colombia on the Amazon River.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, pastureland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
It is a dimorphic species, with the male having a gray head and back, a black-collared throat, paired with a black band just below, across the upper whitish breast. It has gray legs, a medium length tail, and the stout bill for seed-eating. The female is less colorful.
Distribution
The species ranges from central Argentina east of the Andes cordillera northwards through Bolivia and Paraguay, and northeastwards into south-central Brazil, and southeast coastal Brazil; the species retreats into Amazonia during the austral winter. The double-collared seedeater is only found in the southern Amazon Basin, limited by the Amazon River as its northern limit.
In the west Amazon Basin it is found in eastern regions of Peru, the Ucayali River areas, and mostly the eastern bank of the north-flowing river. In the southeast Basin, it ranges from the Cerrado into the upstream two-thirds of the north-flowing Araguaia-Tocantins River drainage system.
References
External links
Double-collared Seedeater videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps (for Argentina) with RangeMap
Double-collared Seedeater photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res; Article oiseaux
Sporophila
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Peru
Birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1823
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Come Undone" is a song by British band Duran Duran. It was released in March 1993 as the second single from the album Duran Duran (The Wedding Album). It is their 24th single overall. With their commercial and critical success reestablished by the previous single "Ordinary World", "Come Undone" continued to showcase more of the band's entry into the adult contemporary radio format.
The single became the group's second consecutive US top-10 hit from The Wedding Album, peaking at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 and their last top-40 hit on that chart. It was also popular in the United Kingdom and other international markets, reaching number two in Canada, number eight in Italy, number nine in Ireland, and number 13 in the UK. As of October 2021, "Come Undone" is the eighth-most streamed Duran Duran song in the UK.
Background
The group's guitarist at the time, Warren Cuccurullo, is credited with developing the instrumentation for "Come Undone", most importantly its guitar hook, which he developed while trying to do a re-interpretation of "First Impression" from their 1990 album Liberty. In 2005, Cuccurullo revealed to author Steve Malins that he and Nick Rhodes had originally planned on using the song for a project outside of Duran Duran with Gavin Rossdale, but had changed plans when singer Simon Le Bon took a liking to the music and began to come up with lyrics on the spot.
Rhodes expanded on the song's creation during the album's 20th anniversary in 2013.
It was something that Warren and I started writing alongside some other stuff that we'd been playing around with, and Simon came in and heard what we were doing. He said, 'Wow, I love that!' And so it became a Duran Duran song. [Simon] came up with a really great melody – we already had the 'can't ever keep from falling apart' section – and he very quickly made it his, or himself part of it".
The song was included as a last minute addition to their self-titled album in 1993, with the lyrics being written by Le Bon as a gift for his wife, Yasmin.
The group's bassist, John Taylor, did not actually play bass on this track, although he does in the music video. Nick Rhodes and John Jones both contributed synth bass on the track during his absence. Tessa Niles was credited with backing vocals. The song also contains a sample from The Soul Searchers' song "Ashley's Roachclip".
According to John Jones,
At the time we had completed and mastered the Wedding Album and had started the cover album "Thank You". One day we took the drum loop and bass groove from a demo of mine called "Face to Face" and added the ultra cool guitar riff that Warren had come up with for a new "cover" version of "First Impression". After a couple of hours of tweaking we played the track over the phone to Capitol in Los Angeles and they loved it and said they wanted it on the Wedding album! When Nick arrived that afternoon the intro was carved into a song that we played to Simon that night. He was back the next day with the lyrics and the melody and I think we finished the vocals the day after that. On the fourth day we finished the track detail and sent it to David Richards in Switzerland to be mixed.
Lamya Al-Mugheiry sang the backing vocals in the Unplugged version of the song for MTV in November 1993, and during their "Wedding Album" tour. Tessa Niles sang background vocals on the actual recording.
Music video
The "Come Undone" video was directed by Julien Temple.
A portion of the music video can be seen in the "No Laughing" episode of the MTV show Beavis and Butt-Head, which was aired in July 1993.
B-sides, bonus tracks and remixes
The single was released in the United Kingdom on 29 March 1993, with an acoustic version of "Ordinary World" as the B-side. This was the single's official B-side in the UK, along with two official remixes of "Come Undone".
In the US however, three new, original compositions written during the album's production were featured as B-sides – "Time for Temptation", "Stop Dead" and "Falling Angel". For collectors, the US releases also contained an alternate mix of "To the Shore" and the first appearance on CD of "The Chauffeur (Blue Silver)".
Track listings
UK 7-inch and cassette single
A. "Come Undone" (edit) – 4:15
B. "Ordinary World" (acoustic version)
UK CD1
"Come Undone" (edit) – 4:15
"Ordinary World" (acoustic version)
"Come Undone" (FGI Phumpin' 12-inch) – 8:14
"Come Undone" (La Fin De Siecle) – 5:25
UK CD2
"Come Undone" (album version)
"Rio"
"Is There Something I Should Know?"
"A View to a Kill"
US CD single
"Come Undone" (LP version)
"Come Undone" (Mix 1 Master)
"Skin Trade" (Parisian mix)
"Stop Dead"
US and Canadian cassette single
"Come Undone" (album version)
"Come Undone" (Mix 2 Master)
"Time for Temptation"
Australian CD single
"Come Undone" (edit)
"Come Undone" (FGI Phumpin' 12-inch)
"Come Undone" (La Fin De Siecle)
The Singles 1986–1995 box set
"Come Undone" (edit) – 4:15
"Ordinary World" (acoustic version) – 5:05
"Come Undone" (FGI Phumpin' 12-inch) – 8:14
"Come Undone" (La Fin De Siecle) – 5:25
"Come Undone" (album version) – 4:31
"Rio" – 5:33
"Is There Something I Should Know?" – 4:05
"A View to a Kill" – 3:33
Personnel
Simon Le Bon – vocals
Nick Rhodes – keyboards, synth bass
Warren Cuccurullo – guitar, vocals
John Jones – drums, bass, keyboards, vocals
Tessa Niles – backing vocals
John Taylor did not play bass guitar during recording of this song, despite being a member of the band at that time.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Duran Duran Collection: Come Undone CDs
1993 singles
1993 songs
Capitol Records singles
British soft rock songs
Duran Duran songs
Music videos directed by Julien Temple
Parlophone singles
Songs written by John Taylor (bass guitarist)
Songs written by Nick Rhodes
Songs written by Simon Le Bon
Songs written by Warren Cuccurullo
Operation: Endgame is a 2010 black action comedy film directed by Fouad Mikati featuring an ensemble cast. It premiered on November 5, 2009, at the American Film Market and had a limited release in the United States on July 16, 2010. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on July 27, 2010.
Plot
The majority of the events in the film take place on January 20, 2009, the date of the inauguration of Barack Obama as President of the United States and the first day of work for "The Fool", as the film's main character is code-named. The Factory, a secret office of government agents, has hired him as a thief. After the beautiful High Priestess and the caustic Chariot meet the Fool, they enter the secret underground offices of the Factory, and the audience learns that Neal, Carl, and their boss Susan have the entire office under surveillance.
The Factory is separated into two teams, Alpha and Omega. The two teams specialize in black ops and oppose each other in a bureaucratic system of checks and balances. Omega Team consists of the Fool, Chariot, High Priestess, Judgement (who repeats his name whenever he can), and the Emperor. Alpha Team consists of the Fool's old flame, Temperance, the Empress, Magician, Tower, and Hierophant. The head of the Factory is the Devil. The wildcard of the office is the Hermit, an extremely dangerous assassin with diabetes and occasional irritable bowel syndrome.
Not long after the Fool is introduced to everyone, Alpha and Omega find that the Devil has been murdered, and also that he has initiated Project Endgame, which has trapped both teams underground and triggered a bomb that threatens to destroy the Factory and kill everyone. The agents need to find a way out. They decide to work in pairs with their opposing mirror agents to escape.
As they explore the office, members of Alpha Team begin to kill their Omega Team counterparts in gruesome fashion, with Empress killing Emperor with a staple remover, Hierophant killing Judgement by hitting him in the head with a table leg with nails protruding out, and Tower stabbing High Priestess in the throat with a metal bookend. Shortly after Tower is killed by Chariot who smashes his face repeatedly with a paper shredder, and then Chariot is almost killed by Magician. Back in the surveillance room, Carl, Neil, and Susan watch the carnage between the agents. But they all learn that the system has been corrupted, and Susan realizes that the clearance codes have been switched in conjunction with the inauguration.
While trying to find a way out, Fool is attacked by Hierophant but is saved by Temperance, who kills her by hitting her repeatedly in the back with the blade of a paper cutter. She reveals to him that Alpha Team was ordered to eliminate Omega Team that very day. The Fool, Chariot and Temperance spend time in Devil's Office trying to find a way of escape. Eventually Devil's Safe is cracked open, a map is found and The Fool mysteriously steals some discs without anyone else noticing. After this encounter, the trio face off against the remaining members of Alpha: The Empress, Magician and the mysterious Hermit. After more fighting and kills, such as Chariot setting Magician on fire, Hermit killing Chariot by throwing a pair of scissors into his eye and Temperance shooting Hermit in the crotch with her lipstick gun and then killing Empress by shoving a water cooler bottle down her throat causing her to drown, the Fool and Temperance are the only ones left standing. They both enter the exit elevator and escape. They kiss as the bomb goes off, destroying the Factory.
Meanwhile, Carl and Neil uncover an audio tape which the Devil recorded before his death. The Devil reveals that he has a disc with every dirty secret from the last eight years of the Bush administration. He also professes his love for Susan. The elevator emerges from a bathroom stall and it is revealed the Fool has killed Temperance, the paper cutter blade stuck in her head. He snaps the neck of a man in the bathroom who sees Temperance's body and takes his jacket, then he calls Susan, and tells her (in an English accent using the British pronunciation of ma'am as the American sound of "mom") that he has the disc, which contains "every single one of their fuck-ups." Susan reveals that she had hired the Fool specifically to enter the Factory and retrieve the files. She then shoots Carl and Neil. The film ends with the Fool confidently walking out of the building, stepping into a cab, and driving off and the screen turns black. In the credits, bits of a will, one recorded by Emperor and the other by Chariot, reveal that Emperor plans to leave his holiday home to his dog and give wine in his wine cellar to the widows of the men he killed, while Chariot promises that he will return as an evil ghost and will eat hearts for an eternity.
Cast
Joe Anderson as Fool
Odette Yustman as Temperance
Adam Scott as Magician
Zach Galifianakis as The Hermit
Emilie de Ravin as Hierophant
Maggie Q as High Priestess
Ving Rhames as Judgement
Ellen Barkin as Empress
Bob Odenkirk as Emperor
Rob Corddry as Chariot
Brandon T. Jackson as Tower
Jeffrey Tambor as Devil
Production
Filming took place in Los Angeles.
The original screenplay, The Rogues Gallery, was written by Brian Watanabe. The script tied for "Best Comedy" at the Screenwriting Expo 3 Screenwriting Contest and 2nd place at the 1st Screenplay Shootout. It was also a 2004 Scriptapalooza finalist.
References
External links
2010 films
2010 action comedy films
American comedy thriller films
American mystery films
American black comedy films
American action thriller films
American action comedy films
Films about security and surveillance
Films about computing
Films set in 2009
Techno-thriller films
Films shot in Los Angeles
2010 comedy films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Gaylon Moore (born June 15, 1978) is an American professional basketball player, who most recently played for the Plymouth Raiders in the British Basketball League.
The 6'7" Forward born in Union City, Tennessee was a star center for Gibson County High School from 1992 to 1996 and attended Union University in Jackson, Tennessee on a basketball scholarship from 1996 to 2000. Moore spent just one season with the BBL team where he only played three games. From 2001 to 2005, Moore played with leading EBL team Worthing Thunder where he caught the attention of many bigger clubs.
Plymouth Raiders coach Gary Stronach, a long-time admirer of Moore's, was the first to step in and the EBL Player of the Year 2003 joined the Raiders in the summer of 2005. Moore was awarded Raiders' MVP award, which was voted by the fans, for the 2006/07 season, in only his second season at the club.
Gaylon loves to test people by asking them to name the college of NBA players. He also enjoys referring to people as well as being referred to as “Big Fella.” When not working as Danny Glover's stunt double, Mr. Moore enjoys eating oatmeal cookies and watching former University of Memphis standout, Nathaniel Root, perform his one-man show entitled “Neva Lost: The Story of That Time Carmelo Anthony Missed a Shot When I Was Guarding Him.”
References
1978 births
Living people
People from Union City, Tennessee
American expatriate basketball people in the United Kingdom
Basketball players from Tennessee
College men's basketball players in the United States
Glasgow Rocks players
Plymouth Raiders players
Union University alumni
American men's basketball players
North Perth is a lower-tier municipality in Ontario, Canada. Its name is based on its location in the northern portion of Perth County. The main community in North Perth is Listowel. Other communities include Atwood, Monkton, Elma and Wallace township. The municipality was incorporated in 1998, and is heavily agricultural.
As of the 2016 Census, the township had a population of 13,130 in a land area of 493.14 square kilometres. There were 5,098 occupied private dwellings.
History
Town of Listowel
Settler John Binning arrived in 1852 and was the first to create a permanent residence in the area originally named Mapleton. The name was changed to Listowel when a post office was established in 1856. The new name was chosen by a government official and refers to Listowel, Ireland. The majority of early settlers were of Protestant Irish origin (Ulster Scots Planters, or English Planters).
Listowel was incorporated as a town in 1874. It is located at the intersection of Highway 86 and Highway 23. Its population was 7,530 at the Canada 2016 Census in a land area of 6.65 square kilometres; at the time there were 3,159 occupied dwellings.
Township of Elma
The Township of Elma was incorporated in 1857. It was named after Lady Elma Bruce, the daughter of Canada's newly arrived Governor General James Bruce better known as Lord Elgin. The earliest recorded settler in the area was John Grant in 1853.
Township of Wallace
Wallace was incorporated in 1858 and included the villages of Gowanstown and Kurtzville. It lies along the northern boundary of the current Municipality of Perth North and is bordered by Perth Lines 86 and 93, and Perth Road 140.
Municipal Restructuring
As part of provincial initiatives in the late 1990s, the Government of Ontario pursued a policy of municipal amalgamations. On June 26, 1997, an order from the Ontario Minister of Municipal Affairs for the amalgamation of Wallace Township, Elma Township and the Town of Listowel into the Town of North Perth received Royal assent. The amalgamation came into effect on January 1, 1998.
Ontario Provincial Police currently provides law enforcement services in the community through its North Perth Detachment in Listowel.
Geography
Communities
The township comprises the communities of Atwood, Britton, Donegal, Gowanstown, Kurtzville, Listowel, Monkton, Newry, Teviotdale, Trowbridge and Wallace.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, North Perth had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Children aged 9 and under account for approximately 13.4% of the population, while the percentage at retirement age (65 and over) is approximately 16.5%. The median age is 38.9 years of age.
According to the 2011 National Household Survey, 6.9% of the population have immigrant status. The most common countries immigrants come from are the Netherlands (30%) followed by the United Kingdom (12%) and Mexico (11%).
The 2011 survey also indicates that the largest economic sectors by number of workers employed are manufacturing (1,190 workers); retail trade (1,005 workers); agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting (890 workers); health care and social assistance (715 workers) and; construction (500 workers). Other industries in the region employing more than 200 workers are finance and insurance; professional, scientific and technical services; educational services; and transportation and warehousing. The average income reported in the 2011 National Household Survey was $37,155 with an average after-tax income of $32,131.
According to the 2011 National Household Survey, the majority of residents of North Perth are members of a Christian faith and account for 78.2% of the population. Less than 1% of the population is Muslim, and the remaining population reported no religious affiliation. Of the Christian population, the largest religious affiliation is Presbyterian (21.2%) followed by United Church (21.1%), Roman Catholic (12.5%), Lutheran (8,7%), Anglican (3.5%), Pentecostal (1.8%), Baptist (1.4%) and other Christian (29.5%).
Education
North Perth is served by the Avon Maitland District School Board or the Huron-Perth Catholic District School Board.
Services
Policing is done by the Ontario Provincial Police, Perth County Detachment, based in Sebringville, Ontario with a satellite station in Listowel. The North Perth Fire Department is a volunteer service operating from three stations; Monkton, Atwood and Listowel. Emergency Medical and ambulance services are provided by Perth County EMS. Public Libraries are located in Listowel, Atwood and Monkton.
Medical facilities include Listowel Memorial Hospital and the Fisher Family Primary Care Centre with family physicians' offices.
Economy
North Perth is home to over 300 businesses across a variety of business and service sectors. The Municipality is served by the Perth County Economic Development Office, Stratford/Perth Centre for Business, and Listowel Retail Merchants Association. These organizations work in tandem to identify opportunities for local economic growth and to provide resources and support for local business.
North Perth includes companies such as Trillium Mutual (head office), Listowel Technologies, Erie Meats, Spinrite Yarns and large national retailers. The area's 57 acre business park is working to attract new industries from across the region.
The Campbell Soup Company, in Listowel, was a major local employer for 48 years, operating a frozen, foodservice and specialty food plant. This relationship ended abruptly with the announcement of the factory's pending closure on April 28, 2008. In 2010 the former plant was purchased by Erie Meat Products and expected to ship 50-60 million pounds of poultry to world markets on an annual basis.
Since 1996 North Perth has attracted new industries, including Listowel Technology, Inc. a manufacturer of injection-moulded automotive parts with a 240,000-square-foot facility employing 500. In 2012, EFS Plastics constructed a 40,000 square foot plant in the North Perth Industrial Park. Other businesses in the park include Vision Manufacturing Solutions, Hutchison Precision Inc., Shredall and Energrow. HLA/Horst Welding was planning to complete a new 64,000 square foot metal fabrication facility in 2016.
In addition to Listowel Technology and the Listowel Memorial Hospital, other major employers, and the number of employees, include the following according to County records:
Spinrite Inc. 375
Erie Meat Products Ltd. 250
Ideal Supply Company Ltd. 175
L.H. Gray & Sons 85
Benshaw Canada Controls 52
B.T.E. Assembly 50
Government
Local Government
The Municipality of North Perth is governed by a Municipal Council composed of ten members including a Mayor, Deputy Mayor, and eight Councillors. The Councillors represent Elma, Listowel and Wallace.
The Mayor for the 2018-2022 term is Todd Kasenberg. Kasenberg was a newcomer to local politics when he was elected in the fall of 2018. He owns a marketing consulting company, and is a member of the Atwood Lions Club and the Linguists of Listowel Toastmaster Club.
The Municipality's operations are overseen by the Chief Administrator's Office and include building & planning, Clerk's Office, Finance, Fire, Parks and Recreation, and Public Works.
Township Council 2018-2022
County Government
Because the Municipality of North Perth is part of the upper-tier municipality Perth County, Ontario, it has representation on the County Council. The Perth County Council is determined by a restructuring order that came into force on January 1, 1998. Under this order, the Municipality of North Perth has three members appointed to the County Council. North Perth Mayor Todd Kasenberg, Deputy Mayor Doug Kellum, and Councillor Matt Duncan serve as North Perth's representatives on County Council.
Provincial Government
Perth—Wellington is a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since the 2007 provincial election. It was created in 2003 from parts of Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey, Perth—Middlesex and Waterloo—Wellington ridings.
It consists of the County of Perth, and the Town of Minto and the townships of Mapleton and Wellington North in the County of Wellington. As of October 6, 2011, the MPP for the riding is Randy Pettapiece.
Federal Government
Perth—Wellington is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 2004. The riding was created in 2003 from parts of Perth—Middlesex (76%), Waterloo—Wellington (17%) and Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey (7%) ridings. It did not undergo any boundary changes in the 2012 electoral redistribution.
It consists of the County of Perth, the City of Stratford, the Town of St. Mary's and the Town of Minto and the townships of Mapleton and Wellington North in the County of Wellington.
Since 2015, the MP for this riding has been John Nater (CPC).
See also
List of townships in Ontario
Perth County, Ontario
Listowel, Ontario
References
External links
Lower-tier municipalities in Ontario
Municipalities in Perth County, Ontario
John Vivian McVea (November 5, 1914 – December 27, 2000) was an American swing, blues, and rhythm and blues woodwind player and bandleader. He played clarinet and tenor and baritone saxophone.
Career
Born in Los Angeles, California, his father was the noted banjoist Satchel McVea, and banjo was Jack McVea's first instrument. He played jazz in Los Angeles for several years, and joined Lionel Hampton's orchestra in 1940. From 1944 on he mostly worked as a leader. He performed at the first Jazz at the Philharmonic concert in 1944.
Jack Mc Vea played at the famed Cavalcade of Jazz concert held at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles produced by Leon Hefflin Sr. on October 12, 1946. Lionel Hampton and his Orchestra, Slim Gaillard, T-Bone Walker, The Honeydrippers, Madaline Green, Winnie Brown, Reathis Stevens, Joan Benson and Louis Armstrong were all on the same program.
McVea was leader of the Black & White Records studio band and was responsible for coming up with the musical riff for the words "Open the Door, Richard". Ralph Bass persuaded him to record it in 1946 and it became immensely popular, entering the national charts the following year, and was recorded by many other artists.
From 1966 until his retirement in 1992, he led the Royal Street Bachelors, a group that played Dixieland jazz in New Orleans Square at Disneyland. The trio consisted of McVea on clarinet, Herb Gordy on string bass, Harold Grant and later Ernie McLean on guitar and banjo. According to McVea, he was not much of a clarinetist but learned overnight to play three songs to secure the job.
He is also known for his playing on T-Bone Walker's "Call It Stormy Monday (But Tuesday Is Just As Bad)". In 1945 he played tenor sax in a recording session for Slim Gaillard with Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie.
McVea died at home in Los Angeles in 2000.
Discography
As leader/co-leader
Most of Jack McVea's recordings are available on Blue Moon Records in Barcelona, Spain; Ace Records in London, England; and Delmark Records in Chicago. All are available in the U.S. Blue Moon covers the Black & White years (including "Open the Door, Richard"), Delmark covers his sessions on Apollo Records, and Ace covers his four years with Combo Records. Ace's Fortissimo! CD contains several alternate takes.
LP compilations
Open The Door, Richard [rec. 1945–1947] (Jukebox Lil #607, 1984)
Two Timin' Babies [rec. 1944–1947] (Jukebox Lil #612, 1986)
New Deal [rec. 1944–1948] (Jukebox Lil #625, 1988)
CD compilations
The Complete Recordings, Vol. 1 (1944–1945) (Blue Moon #6031, 2002)
The Complete Recordings, Vol. 2 (1945–1946) (Blue Moon #6032, 2002)
The Complete Recordings, Vol. 3 (1946–1947) (Blue Moon #6033, 2002)
The Complete Recordings, Vol. 4 (1947–1952) (Blue Moon #6034, 2002)
McVoutie's Central Avenue Blues [McVea's 1945 Apollo recordings] (Delmark #756, 2002)
Honk! Honk! Honk! [contains 9 of McVea's Combo recordings from 1954 to 1957] (Ace #781, 2000)
Fortissimo! The Combo Recordings (1954-1957) (Ace #1246, 2010)
Rarely Was Honkin' Sax So Much Fun: Jack McVea with Alton Redd and George Vann (JSP #77159, 2012) 4-CD set
As sideman
With B.B. King
Singin' the Blues (Crown, 1956)
References
External links
"Jack McVea", obituary in The Guardian
1914 births
2000 deaths
Musicians from Los Angeles
American jazz saxophonists
American male saxophonists
American blues saxophonists
American jazz musicians
Swing musicians
Dixieland jazz musicians
Modern Records artists
Chess Records artists
Combo Records artists
20th-century American musicians
20th-century saxophonists
Jazz musicians from California
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
The cimbalom (; ) or concert cimbalom is a type of chordophone composed of a large, trapezoidal box on legs with metal strings stretched across its top and a damping pedal underneath. It was designed and created by V. Josef Schunda in 1874 in Budapest, based on his modifications to the existing Hammered dulcimer instruments which were already present in Central and Eastern Europe.
Today the instrument is mainly played in Hungary, Slovakia, Moravia, Romania, Moldova, and Ukraine.
The cimbalom is typically played by striking two sticks, often with cotton-wound tips, against the strings which are on the top of the instrument. The steel treble strings are arranged in groups of 4 and are tuned in unison. The bass strings which are over-spun with copper, are arranged in groups of 3 and are also tuned in unison. The Hornbostel–Sachs musical instrument classification system registers the cimbalom with the number 314.122-4,5.
The name “cimbalom” is also sometimes used to describe other types of dulcimers, which may have different tuning systems and which may lack the dampers and heavy construction of the concert instrument. In other languages, the words for those other instruments and the concert cimbalom may be similar as well (such as in Romanian or [tsymbaly] in Ukrainian).
History
The modern Hungarian concert cimbalom was designed and created by V. Josef Schunda in 1874 in Budapest based on his modifications to existing folk dulcimers. He demonstrated an early prototype with some improvements at the 1873 Vienna World's Fair, gaining praise from audiences and drawing the attention of highly-placed Hungarian politicians such as József Zichy, Gyula Andrássy, and King Franz Joseph. He then continued to work to modify and improve his design. He extended the length of the strings and redesigned the position of the bridges to improve the tone and musical range. He added heavy dampers which would allow a greater degree of control over the ringing of the strings, and a metal brace inside the instrument which would increase its stability. Four detachable legs were added to support this much larger instrument; its folkloric predecessors had usually been played on a barrel or table.
Schunda began serial production of his concert cimbalom in 1874, manufacturing them in a piano shop located on Hajós utca, across the street from the Budapest Opera House in Pest. He also started to develop a playing method and school to popularize his new instrument, eventually recruiting Géza Allaga, a prominent musician and pedagogue, to publish method books. Prominent Hungarian musicians such as Franz Liszt became increasingly interested in the instrument and its possibilities. The instrument quickly became popular among the Bourgeoisie as well as Roma musicians, and by 1906 Schunda had produced over ten thousand instruments.
Characteristics
Concert instruments from Schunda onward are fully chromatic. The Schunda tuning system established a standard pitch range of four octaves plus a major 3rd; extending from C to e′′′ (Helmholtz pitch notation). The cimbalom has continued its development and modern concert instruments are often further expanded and have numerous refinements beyond Schunda's design. These instruments can now have a pitch range that extends five fully chromatic octaves from AA to a′′′.
Contemporary cimbalom makers also create smaller instruments. These run the gamut from less weighty versions of Schunda's original concert layout to truly portable fully chromatic cimbaloms (which use Schunda's signature tuning pattern and note layout but with reduced range in the bass). Modern makers also continue to craft new and traditional folk style instruments.
A smaller more portable version of the concert cimbalom was produced in Ukraine from the 1950s to the 1980s that came with detachable legs and dampers, but could be carried more easily than the larger concert instrument. These instruments were produced by the Chernihiv factory and the Melnytso-Podilsk folk instruments workshop which also produced many types of other folk instruments.
Compositions for cimbalom
Classical and contemporary music
Many composers have written for the cimbalom. Zoltán Kodály made extensive use of the instrument in his orchestral suite Háry János which helped make the cimbalom known outside Eastern Europe. Igor Stravinsky was also an enthusiast. He owned a cimbalom which he purchased after hearing Aladár Rácz perform on the instrument. He included the cimbalom in his ballet Renard (1915–16), his Ragtime for eleven instruments, his original (1917) scoring for Les Noces, and his Four Russian Songs. Franz Liszt used the cimbalom in his Ungarischer Sturmmarsch (1876) and in the orchestral version of his Hungarian Rhapsody No. 6. Béla Bartók used it in his Rhapsody No. 1 for violin and orchestra (1928).
More recently, other composers including Pierre Boulez, Peter Maxwell Davies, Peter Eötvös, György Kurtág, Miklós Kocsár, Richard Grimes, Louis Andriessen, and Peter Machajdík have made a great use of cimbalom in their works. Henri Dutilleux used it extensively in Mystère de l'Instant for chamber orchestra, and L'arbre des songes for violin & orchestra. Elvis Costello's orchestral ballet score Il Sogno includes several extended cimbalom passages. Harrison Birtwistle's operas Gawain (1991) and The Minotaur (2008) each utilize the cimbalom. John Adams uses the instrument prominently in his large 2012 symphonic oratorio The Gospel According to the Other Mary as well as in his 2014 dramatic symphony Scheherazade.2. Cimbalom is used in a popular arrangement of Debussy's La plus que lente which the composer approved but did not actually score.
(La plus que lente with cimbalom saw renewed popularity with its inclusion in world tours of the Hundred Gypsy Violins starting in 1985.)
Toni Iordache, a Romani-Romanian lăutar, was the most famous Romanian cimbalom player.
Film and television
The cimbalom has occasionally been used in film scores, especially to introduce a "foreign" feel. The cimbalom appears in Christmas in Connecticut (1945) in a scene in Felix's (S. Z. Sakall) Hungarian restaurant in Manhattan. It was also featured in the films Captain Blood (1935), The Divorce of Lady X (1938), and Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon (1943).
The cimbalom was used in the film score for the movie In the Heat of the Night (1967). Composer Carmine Coppola made heavy use of the cimbalom in his soundtrack for The Black Stallion (1979) to accentuate the Arabian heritage of the majestic horse. Miklós Rózsa used the cimbalom in the main theme and throughout the score for the science-fiction thriller The Power (1968). John Barry used it in the title theme for the film The Ipcress File (1965), as well as in the main theme of the ITC TV series The Persuaders! (1971); in both examples the performer was John Leach. James Horner made use of the instrument in his "Stealing the Enterprise" cue from Star Trek III: The Search for Spock (1984). In addition, John Williams has made less prominent use of the instrument in scores such as Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981). Howard Shore used the cimbalom as well to express Gollum's sneaky nature in Peter Jackson's film The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002). The cimbalom is also featured prominently in Hans Zimmer's scoring of Sherlock Holmes (2009). Alexandre Desplat uses cimbalom in works such as The Golden Compass (2007), The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008), and The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014).
In television, composer Lalo Schifrin made use of the cimbalom in several scores he wrote for the original Mission: Impossible television series, from which several cues were regularly recycled throughout the series' run.
Composer Debbie Wiseman used the cimbalom, played by Greg Knowles, in her score for the BBC television series 'Dickensian' (2015–16).
The cimbalom, played by John Leach, features prominently in the score of the BBC television drama serial from 1988, 'Babylon Bypassed' by Gareth Glyn.
Rock
The cimbalom was used by Alan Parsons on his "I Robot" and Tales of Mystery and Imagination albums and is included in the guest musician acknowledgments. The experimental rock group Mr. Bungle made use of the cimbalom on the Disco Volante and California albums. It is included in the guest musician acknowledgments. The experimental performance organization Blue Man Group has used a cimbalom in its productions. American progressive chamber group, cordis, uses electric and acoustic cimbalom as a centerpiece in their music. Romanian rock group Spitalul de Urgență has frequently used cimbalom, including a full-time player in some line-ups of the band. New York multi-instrumentalist Rob Burger used a cimbalom on the album L'Entredeux (2008) by Tucson chanteuse Marianne Dissard. Alternative rock band Garbage incorporated cimbalom into their track "The Trick Is to Keep Breathing" from their 1998 album Version 2.0.
Portishead have long been successful pioneers of the cimbalom or hammered dulcimer in their groundbreaking work since formation in 1991.
Schools of performance
Belarus
In Belarus a cymbaly school was established in 1948 by J. Zynovych. The Belarusian cymbaly differs from the concert cimbalom in timbre and size—it is smaller and produces a sweeter, more mellow tone. Also, pedal dampers are not typically used. Instead, hands and fingers are used to damp the strings.
Croatia
The cimbal today is a rare instrument found in folk groups (Međimurje and Podravina regions - parts of northern Croatia near Hungarian border).
Moravia
The instrument is used foremost in the historical region of Moravia as a basis for Moravian traditional music ensembles. Foremost in regions of Moravian Slovakia and Moravian Wallachia.
France
Luigi Gaggero] teaches since 2004 at the Conservatoire de Strasbourg and at the Académie Supérieure de Musique de Strasbourg. His teaching focuses on classical and on contemporary repertoire for cimbalom.
Greece
In Athens, a cimbalom school was established in 2004 by M. Papadeas. The Greek musicians play on small portable folk style instruments.
Hungary
Besides the main cimbalom centre in Budapest, there is a very strong school of performance in Debrecen in Hungary.
Moldova
In 1952, cimbalom classes were opened at the Chişinău conservatory in Moldova.
Romania
A strong performance school was established in Bucharest.
Slovakia
The cimbal is a very popular instrument found in all slovak regions, as well as in the ethnically Slovak/Hungarian mixed southern regions and among Romani folk ensembles.
Ukraine
In Ukraine, the concert Cimbalom was first formally used in the Orchestra of Ukrainian Folk Instruments organized and directed by Leonid Haydamaka from 1922 by Oleksandr Nezovybatko. In time it was replaced by 2 smaller-sized instruments in order to facilitate transportation. Music for the cimbalom has been published in Ukraine from 1930 on. With the serial manufacture of tsymbaly by the Chernihiv Musical Instrument Factory cimbalom playing became popular in Eastern Ukraine in the post war years. Textbooks for the tsymbaly were published in 1966 by O. Nezovybatko, and initially players played on semi-concert instruments manufactured by the Chernihiv Musical Instrument Factory. In recent times most professional performers have switched over to the Schunda system of playing on concert-size instruments. Classes for the instrument exist in the Lviv, Kyiv and Kharkiv conservatories. Currently most Ukraine folk instrument ensembles and orchestras such as the Orchestra of Ukrainian Folk instruments and the State Bandurist Capella usually have 2 concert cimbaloms. Roman Kumlyk was a famous player from Hutsul area. After his death, a museum was named for him and is now run by his family.
References
External links
Hammered box zithers
Hungarian musical instruments
Slovak musical instruments
Romanian musical instruments
Moldovan musical instruments
Ukrainian musical instruments
Hamma Hamma Balds is a Washington state Natural Area Preserve. It is located in the eastern foothills of the Olympic Mountains in Mason County, above the Hamma Hamma River and adjacent to Olympic National Forest. The term "balds" refers to rocky outcroppings in the heavy forest. The preserve totals .
The preserve was created in the 2008 fiscal year through intra-agency land exchanges between various trusts.
See also
Appalachian balds
References
External links
Hamma Hamma Balds Natural Area Preserve Washington Department of Natural Resources
Protected areas of Mason County, Washington
Washington Natural Areas Program
H3 – Halloween Horror Hostel is a German horror-parody, part of the TV series . The film was directed by Michael Karen and written by Stefan Barth.
Plot
During a cooking show, Tim Mälzer got repeated phone calls from a mysterious person, who asks for popcorn. After several calls Mälzer responds to the person, that threatened him to kill him, like he did it with the camera man. Mälzer looked for the camera man, but he had disappeared. Then the microwave rings and Mälzer opened it and find the camera man's head inside. After that a Jigsaw puppet appeared driving a small red car and asked again enraged for the popcorn.
In the same time the four friends Nico, Janine, Acki and Martin driving through a forest.
Cast
Alfonso Losa as Nico
Jennifer Ulrich as Janin
Axel Stein as Acki
Hendrik von Bültzingslöwen as Martin
Christian Tramitz as Harry
Mike Krüger as Michael Meier
Ivonne Schönherr as Ficky
Anni Wendler as Paris
Mirjam Weichselbraun as Sidney
Holger C. Gotha as Vater von Sidney
Santiago Ziesmer as Jigsaw (voice)
Parodies
The movie contains many references and parodies of many known horror-thriller movies:
Halloween - The main theme can be heard, when the four friends walking through the forest.
Friday the 13th
Hostel
Dead End
Saw - The Jigsaw puppet.
The Ring
Ju-on
I Know What You Did Last Summer
Scream
28 Weeks Later
House of Wax - Letter animation at the beginning
The Evil Dead - Camera drives
Dawn of the Dead
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
Freddy vs. Jason
From Dusk till Dawn
Donnie Darko - The smoking lookalike Donnie Darko rabbit scene
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial - Jigsaw puppet flies with his red car in front of shining moon.
Harry Potter
Michael Jackson's Thriller - The dance routine of the zombies, with the music
References
External links
2008 films
2008 television films
2008 television episodes
German television films
2000s German-language films
German-language television shows
2000s parody films
2008 horror films
2000s comedy horror films
Parody television episodes
ProSieben original programming
Parodies of horror
Parodies of films
2008 comedy films
Keith Kouna is the stage name of Sylvain Côté, a Canadian rock singer and songwriter from Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures, Quebec. He is most noted for winning the SOCAN Songwriting Prize in the French division for his song "Batiscan" in 2013.
Kouna was first active in music as the lead vocalist for the punk rock band Les Goules. He released his solo debut album Les Années monsieur in 2008, and followed up with Du plaisir et des bombes in 2012. Following his award win for "Batiscan", he released Le voyage d'hiver, an album which reimagined and reinterpreted Franz Schubert's Winterreise.
Les Goules reunited for a new album in 2016. Kouna then released his most recent solo album, Bonsoir shérif, in 2017.
References
Canadian rock singers
Singers from Quebec
French-language singers of Canada
21st-century Canadian male singers
Living people
People from Capitale-Nationale
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dennis 'Joe' Lyons (26 August 1916 – 29 March 2011) was a British scientist who researched topics ranging from rockets to roundabouts. He led the research of the Blue Streak and Black Knight rockets that were developed at the Royal Aircraft Establishment during the 1950s. In 1965 he became the director of the Road Research Laboratory, overseeing the introduction of the breathalyser, motorway crash barriers and compulsory front seat belts.
In 2012 his ashes were scattered at Farnborough Airport from a Tiger Moth.
References
British scientists
Rocket scientists
1916 births
2011 deaths
Terry Kung is an international lawn bowler from Hong Kong.
Bowls career
Kung was selected as part of the five-man team by Hong Kong for the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Avonhead, Christchurch, New Zealand.
He won a fours bronze medal (with Chun Yat Wong, Tony Cheung and Jason Choi), at the 2015 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Christchurch, New Zealand.
References
Hong Kong male bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The sooty tyrannulet (Serpophaga nigricans) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers. It is small, usually weighing 9 grams with a length of 12 centimeters, and has gray or brownish-grey feathers with black tail feathers.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay; also southern Paraguay. A small extension of its range is in southeastern Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, rivers, and swamps.
References
External links
Sooty tyrannulet videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Sooty tyrannulet photo gallery VIREO
sooty tyrannulet
Birds of South America
sooty tyrannulet
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In Samoan mythology Fa'atiu is the wind and storm god. In one Samoan legend, Tiʻitiʻi imprisons the winds one by one in his canoe or calabash, leaving only Fisaga free.
References
Samoan deities
Sky and weather gods
Wind deities
Bilbo's Last Song (at the Grey Havens) is a poem by J. R. R. Tolkien, written as a pendant to his fantasy The Lord of the Rings. It was first published in a Dutch translation in 1973, subsequently appearing in English on posters in 1974 and as a picture-book in 1990. It was illustrated by Pauline Baynes, and set to music by Donald Swann and Stephen Oliver. The poem's copyright was owned by Tolkien's secretary, to whom he gave it in gratitude for her work for him.
Gift to Joy Hill
In 1968, aged seventy-six, Tolkien decided to retire from his house at 76 Sandfield Road, Headington, Oxford to a bungalow at 19 Lakeside Road, Poole, near Bournemouth. On 17 June, while preparing for his relocation, he fell downstairs and badly injured his leg. He needed surgery, a plaster cast, crutches and several weeks of recuperation in the Nuffield Orthopaedic Centre and Bournemouth's Miramar Hotel before he was well enough to resume living independently. When he finally moved into his new home on 16 August, he found that unpacking his forty-eight crates of books and papers was too much for him. He sought the help of Margaret Joy Hill, a secretary whom his publisher, Allen & Unwin, had assigned to deal with his fan mail, and whom he and his wife had come to regard almost as a second daughter. During circa 14–18 October, while Hill was helping Tolkien to set up his new office and library, she made a discovery. "As I picked up a pile of books in my arms and put them on the shelf", she recalled in 1990, "something dropped out from between two of them. It was an exercise book: just the cover with a single sheet between, and on the page, a poem. [Tolkien] asked what it was; I gave it to him, and he read it aloud. It was Bilbo's Last Song.
The fan mail that Hill brought from Allen & Unwin to Tolkien included many packages. Hill and Tolkien used to enjoy guessing what kind of presents his devotees had sent to him. "One day", she remembered, "as he cut the string on a packet, he said 'If I find this is a gold bracelet studded with diamonds, it is to be yours.' Of course it wasn't, but the bracelet became a joke between us." On a later visit on circa 3 September 1970, Hill recollected, "[Tolkien] said: 'We've opened all the parcels and there was no gold bracelet for you. I've decided that Bilbo's Last Song is going to be your bracelet.'" Tolkien formalized his gift on 28 October 1971, sending Hill an annotated typescript of the poem and a covering letter: "Dear Joy, I have appended the following note to the copy of Bilbo's Last Song (at the Grey Havens) which I retain. A copy of this poem was presented to Miss M. Joy Hill on September 3, 1970, and also the ownership of the copyright of this poem, with the intention that she should have the right to publish it, or to dispose of the copyright, as she might wish to do, at any time after my death. This was a free gift as a token of gratitude for her work on my behalf. J. R. R. Tolkien."
Tolkien died on 2 September 1973, and Hill arranged for the poem to be published shortly afterwards. When she herself died in 1991, the poem's copyright was bequeathed to the Order of the Holy Paraclete, an Anglican educational foundation.
The text
The poem comprises three stanzas, each containing four rhyming couplets. It is a dramatic lyric that the hobbit Bilbo Baggins is supposed to have composed as he contemplated his approaching deatha nunc dimittis that could have been, but was not, incorporated into the final chapter of The Lord of the Rings. The context of Bilbo's making of the poem is that he, the hobbits Frodo and Sam and the elves Elrond and Galadriel have travelled to Mithlond, the Grey Havens, where they have been met by the elvish shipwright Círdan and the wizard Gandalf. Bilbo, Frodo, Elrond, Galadriel and Gandalf are preparing to board the elven ship that will carry them magically away from the mortal world of Middle-earth to the Undying Lands beyond the sunset. Bilbo's verses acknowledge the ending of his day and the dimming of his eyes, bid farewell to the friends whom he will leave behind and look forward to the Lonely Star's guiding him to "west of West", "where night is quiet and sleep is rest".
Little is known about the poem's development. According to Christina Scull and Wayne G. Hammond, it began as early as the 1920s or 1930s in a composition in Old Norse titled Vestr um haf"West over sea". As Scull and Hammond point out, the poem cannot have reached its final form until after Tolkien had conceived how The Lord of the Rings would conclude. A progress report on the writing of the book that Tolkien sent to his son Christopher on 29 November 1944 shows that the coda of his story had taken shape in his mind long before it was published in 1955: "The final scene will be the passage of Bilbo and Elrond and Galadriel through the woods of the Shire on their way to the Grey Havens. Frodo will join them and pass over the Sea."
Precursors and parallels
Bilbo's voyage to the Undying Lands is reminiscent of several other journeys in English literature. Scull and Hammond observe that Bilbo's Last Song is somewhat like Tennyson's Crossing the Bar (1889), a sixteen-line religious lyric (sharing some of Tolkien's poem's vocabulary) in which a sea voyage is a metaphor for a faithful death. Other precursors of Tolkien's poem are the legend of the carrying of the wounded King Arthur to the magical isle of Avalon and the quest of Reepicheep to sail to the holy country of the divine lion Aslan in Tolkien's friend C. S. Lewis's The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Bilbo's Otherworld journey has further parallels in writings of Tolkien's own. The figure of the mortal who sails from the quotidian world to a paradise beyond the sea is a motif that recurs in Tolkien's poems and stories throughout his creative life. Examples are Roverandom, Eriol in The Book of Lost Tales, Tuor in Quenta Silmarillion, Ar-Pharazôn in Akallabêth, Ælfwine in The Lost Road, St Brendan in Imram, Sam and Gimli in The Lord of the Rings and the narrator of "The Sea-Bell" in The Adventures of Tom Bombadil.
Publication history
Bilbo's Last Song first appeared at the end of 1973, translated into Dutch by Max Schuchart for a limited edition of two thousand numbered posters that the publisher Het Spectrum distributed as corporate New Year's gifts. In April 1974, Houghton Mifflin published the poem in the US as a poster decorated with a photograph of a river taken by Robert Strindberg. In September 1974, Allen & Unwin published the poem in the UK as a poster illustrated by Pauline Baynes. Her painting depicts the hobbits Sam, Merry and Pippin looking down on the Grey Havens and watching Bilbo's ship sailing down the firth of Lune.
In 1990, the poem was issued as a 32-page full colour hardcover picture-book illustrated with almost fifty of Baynes's paintingsthe the largest body of work that she created for any Tolkien projectby Unwin Hyman in the UK and by Houghton Mifflin in the US. A second hardcover edition was published in 2002 by Hutchinson in the UK and by Alfred A. Knopf in the US. A large-format paperback edition was published in both the UK and the US by Red Fox Picture Books in 2012. The second and third editions of the poem omitted some of the illustrations published in the first. Translations of the poem have appeared in Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish and Swedish.
Pauline Baynes's illustrations
The endpapers of Unwin Hyman's and Houghton Mifflin's 1990 edition of Bilbo's Last Song show Bilbo, Elrond, Galadriel and Gildor riding with a company of elves through an autumnal landscape, watched by a variety of woodland creatures. The text of the poem is then presented in twelve full-colour two-page spreads, each dedicated to a single couplet. The couplets are printed on the verso pages, each with a unique illuminated first letter and with a unique painting of a reposing Bilbo beneath. The recto pages present roundels narrating Bilbo's journey from retirement in Rivendell to his arrival at "fields and mountains ever blest": Bilbo is seen at his desk, looking out across the ravine of the Bruinen, talking to Elrond, mounting his horse, riding through the Shire, crossing Woody End, arriving at the Far Downs, meeting Círdan and Gandalf, hugging Sam, greeting Merry and Pippin, setting sail and nearing the Undying Lands. Each roundel is framed by a unique pair of overarching trees, beneath, on and above which are a multitude of birds and beasts: a beaver, a fox, an otter, badgers, bats, frogs, hedgehogs, mice, rabbits, squirrels, stoats, toads, a blackbird, a crow, a dove, a gull, a magpie, a wader, a woodpecker, some owls and many others. At the foot of every page, both verso and recto, is a vignette that depicts a scene from the adventures of Bilbo that Tolkien had told in The Hobbit. Baynes's twenty-six Hobbit paintings illustrate many scenes not represented in Tolkien's own Hobbit art, including, for example, the dwarves' feast in Bag End and their meetings with Elrond and Thranduil, Bilbo's finding of the One Ring and his conversation with Gollum, Bilbo's and Gandalf's meeting with Beorn, Bilbo's fight with the spiders of Mirkwood and the Battle of Five Armies. Anonymous notes at the back of the book key Baynes's paintings to the passages in The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings which they illustrate.
Hutchinson's and Knopf's 2002 edition of the poem is broadly similar to Unwin Hyman's and Houghton Mifflin's earlier version, allocating each of Tolkien's couplets its own two-page spread and including most of Baynes's 1990 artwork. However, it omits all but one of Baynes's pictures of Bilbo at rest, and it switches her arcing trees from recto pages to verso to frame Tolkien's couplets rather than her roundels. Red Fox's large paperback edition of 2012 restores the material and design that Hutchinson and Knopf reject, but omits the endpaper painting that decorates its predecessors.
Adaptations
The first composer to set Bilbo's Last Song to music was Tolkien's fan and friend Donald Swann, who had earlier set six of Tolkien's other poems for their 1967 song-book The Road Goes Ever On. Swann wrote about Bilbo's Last Song in his autobiography. "The lyric was handed to me at Tolkien's funeral by his dedicated secretary, Joy Hill, who is a close friend and neighbour of mine in Battersea. I was stirred up that day and went off and wrote a tune for it, to be sung as a duet, although I often perform it solo... The tune is based on a song from the Isle of Man ... [and] also resembles a Cephallonian Greek melody." Swann's setting of the poemhis favourite among his Tolkien compositionswas added to The Road Goes Ever On for its second (1978) and third (2002) editions. The latter included a CD on which Swann performed his song with William Elvin and Clive McCrombie. The song was also recorded on Swann's album Alphabetaphon (1990) and John Amis's album Amiscellany (2002)
In 1981, Brian Sibley and Michael Bakewell used Bilbo's Last Song to conclude the dramatization of The Lord of the Rings that they wrote for BBC Radio 4. The poem was set to music by Stephen Oliver, who had provided all the music for the series. The first stanza was chanted by John Le Mesurier as Bilbo, the second was omitted and the third was sung by the boy soprano Matthew Vine. An album of Oliver's music from the series included a version of the song in which Vine sang all three stanzas. Oliver's version was recorded by the Dutch Tolkien Society band The Hobbitons for their 1996 CD J. R. R. Tolkien's Songs from Middle-earth.
Peter Jackson did not follow Sibley's and Bakewell's example when adapting The Lord of the Rings for the cinema. His 2003 movie The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King concludes not with Bilbo's Last Song but with Into the West, a song similar in mood to Oliver's written by Fran Walsh, Annie Lennox and Howard Shore, and performed by Lennox over the movie's closing credits. A Howard Shore composition for choir and orchestra called Bilbo's Song accompanies part of the Fan Club Credits on home media releases of The Return of the Kings Extended Edition, but this has nothing to do with Bilbo's Last Song; its text is a translation into Tolkien's invented Sindarin of his poem I Sit Beside the Fire and Think.
Critical reception
Tom Shippey brackets Bilbo's Last Song with Tolkien's late, elegiac short story Smith of Wootton Major and with his valedictory address to the University of Oxford. "[Bilbo's] words could, ... entirely appropriately for myth, be removed from their 'Grey Havens' context and be heard as the words of a dying man: but one dying contented with his life and what he had achieved, and confident of the existence of a world and a fate beyond Middle-earth."
Brian Rosebury judges the text of the poem to be banal and its couplets technically inept. He suggests that Tolkien would have been wiser to allow Bilbo's final poetic utterance to be the version of his song The Road Goes Ever On that he recites by the fireside in his room in Rivendell near the end of The Return of the King.
References
Primary
This list identifies each item's location in Tolkien's writings.
Secondary
1960s poems
1968 poems
British poems
English poems
Middle-earth books
Middle-earth music
Middle-earth poetry
Poems published posthumously
Poetry by J. R. R. Tolkien
The Evolution of Desire: Strategies of Human Mating is a 1994 book by evolutionary psychology professor David Buss. It is the first book to present a unified theory of human mating behaviour "based not on romantic notions... but on current scientific evidence." In the largest study of human mating at the time, 10,047 people were surveyed in 37 cultures across six continents and five islands. Buss expands on Donald Symons' The Evolution of Human Sexuality (1979) by examining all the actions that occur before and after sexual activity: strategies of mate competition, mate attraction, mate selection, mate retention, mate poaching, sexual conflict, mate ejection, and remating over a lifespan.
A key premise of his work is that humans have multiple mating strategies, some of which reveal important sex differences. Buss attributes this to instinctual adaptations which he argues are universal across cultures and rooted in ancestral selection pressures. Similarities between men and women involve their use of deception, sexual display, and denigration of intrasexual rivals.
Two chapters were added in a 2003 revised edition. The third edition was released in 2016, containing new material integrated throughout the book.
References
1994 non-fiction books
Basic Books books
Books about evolutionary psychology
Human evolution books
Non-fiction books about sexuality
Iram Qureshi is a British film and TV producer, director and media academic. She is the recipent of 1st Indus Drama Awards and PTV Awards. Iram has also been an Assistant Examiner at the University of Cambridge since 2011 and the Associate Lecturer at the University of Bath.
Education
Qureshi did her television production internship, a part of her MSc in Communication Sciences at Combine media in 2000.
Career
She is the founder of KQ Movies, a London-based film production company and the MD of Evergreen Productions. Apart from her career as a film and television producer, she has also been an assistant examiner at the University of Cambridge since 2011. Her PhD in Film and Television titled, The Stranger Left No Card: A Critical Analysis of Wendy Toye's work as a Woman Director in British Cinema and Television, was archival research and the first sustained analysis of a pioneering woman director from 1950s British cinema, at Brunel University London. Currently, she is working on a WWI period drama The Woman with the Torch - Elsie Inglis' War on the life of Elsie Maud Inglis, the founder of Scottish Women's Hospitals for Foreign Service.
Filmography
Awards
Academic theses
References
Living people
British mass media scholars
British non-fiction writers
Alumni of Brunel University London
British scholars
British women film directors
British women film producers
British television directors
British film producers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hawthorne Plaza is a dead mall along Hawthorne Boulevard between 120th Street and El Segundo Boulevard in Hawthorne, California.
History
Opening
Hawthorne Plaza was part of the Hawthorne Plaza Redevelopment Project, approved in 1969, which called for the redevelopment of a plot of land. Ground was broken for the mall in January 1974 and most of the mall's 134 stores opened in February 1977. It included an indoor mall with three anchor stores - Montgomery Ward, The Broadway, and J.C. Penney and freestanding stores at the property's south end. The mall largely catered to the middle-class residents living in and around Hawthorne and featured cheaper stores than other nearby malls such as South Bay Galleria and Manhattan Village.
Decline
Despite initial popularity, the mall's early years were marred by two shootings in 1979. The mall went further into decline in the 1980s and 1990s, due in part to the economic decline of the area after the cutbacks in aerospace jobs, white flight, and to competition from other shopping centers. In 1992 the Mall was heavily looted and damaged during the 1992 Los Angeles Riots, but sales stayed consistent following the unrest briefly until the end of the decade. The mall's number of occupied stores declined from 130 in the late 1980s to 87 in 1994 and around 70 in 1998. After the Macy's Clearance Center (which replaced The Broadway upon the latter's purchase by Federated Department Stores) closed in December 1997, plans were announced to put in an AMC Theatre on the site and convert the mall into an open-air shopping center. The mall's final anchor, JCPenney, closed in 1998 and the mall itself closed in 1999.
The property's southern part was redone in 1998 and is still open. It includes a supermarket, a pharmacy, and some small restaurants.
The mall building and most of its multistory parking lots are now abandoned except for a police training center that was built in the portion formerly occupied by Montgomery Ward. On the northern side is an annex administrative office for the Hawthorne School District. The southern parking structure and adjacent parking lot connected to the mall are being used to store Tesla vehicles.
Sometime between 2019 and 2020, most of the signage and labelscars of the former stores on Hawthorne Boulevard were either removed or painted over, most notably the removal of The Broadway sign. Many of the entrance signs were also removed, and the labelscar on the JCPenney building was painted over.
The abandoned mall has also been used to film numerous movies, TV shows, and music videos such as Minority Report (2002), The Green Hornet (2006), The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift (2006), Teen Wolf (2011), Agents of Shield (2013), Beyoncé's "Superpower" (2013), Gone Girl (2014), Lindsey Sterling's "Heist" (2014), David Guetta's "Bang My Head" (2014), Rush Hour (2016), Colony (2016), Westworld (2016), Taylor Swift's "...Ready for It?" (2017), Chris Brown's "Party" (2017), Travis Scott's Astroworld trailer (2018), Drake's "Nice For What" (2018), BTS' "Black Swan" (2020), and Tenet (2020).
In January 26th 2022, the mall was heavily damaged by a suspected case of arson. The entrance to the former Broadway building and the central entrance were both severely damaged following the fire.
Potential redevelopment plans
Numerous redevelopment plans for the abandoned mall have been proposed, plans to redevelop the mall started since 1998, however, none of the proposals have come to fruition.
On November 21, 2014, ABC News announced that Hawthorne Plaza would be revitalized as an outlet mall.
In February 2016, it was announced that Hawthorne Plaza would be revitalized as a large "power center", which could include an outdoor mini-mall, an office complex and walkable outdoor retail strips with upper-level homes.
A month later, on March 10, 2016, the Hawthorne Specific Plan, which included the revitalization of the ailing mall, was approved by the city council. The plan also called for 500 high-end housing units, innovative office units, commercial outlets open to Hawthorne Blvd, and outdoor dining sites. Property owner Charles Co. never began construction.
On November 29, 2016, the Hawthorne City Hall commission announced plans to demolish Hawthorne Plaza and build something similar to the Farmers Market in Los Angeles. As of 2021 the future developments have been put on an indefinite hold.
References
External links
Hawthorne Mall image gallery
Abandoned shopping malls in the United States
Shopping malls in the South Bay, Los Angeles
Hawthorne, California
Shopping malls established in 1977
Shopping malls disestablished in 1999
1999 disestablishments in California
Zinza (Dzinda) is a Bantu language of Tanzania, spoken on the southern shore of Lake Victoria.
References
Languages of Tanzania
Great Lakes Bantu languages
Prem Kumar Gangai Amaren (born 26 February 1979), better known as Premgi, is an Indian playback singer, composer, songwriter, actor and comedian. The son of composer and director Gangai Amaran, he often composes rap songs in Tamil cinema and is known for his comical performances in his elder brother Venkat Prabhu's films. His stage name, Premgi, is actually a spelling error, as it is meant to be "Prem G.", (the G referring to his father's name). He is also best known for his catchphrases Enna Koduma Sir Idhu ? (What atrocity is this, sir ?) and Evvalavo pannitom, itha panna mattoma (We've done so much, won't we do this also ?), the former being a modified version of a famous dialogue used by Prabhu in Chandramukhi (2005).
Career
In 1997, Premgi planned to enter the film industry as a director with a project titled Wanted starring Venkat Prabhu and S. P. B. Charan. The film, which had Yuvan Shankar Raja as music composer and Gangai Amaren and S. P. Balasubrahmanyam as comedians, did not complete shoot.
Primarily interested in composing music, Premgi then started his career as an assistant to film music composer and his cousin Yuvan Shankar Raja, turning a playback singer, singing mostly the rap portions in Yuvan Shankar Raja's compositions, before working with other music composers as well. Working with Yuvan Shankar Raja, he also remixed some of his compositions for the soundtrack albums, the first being "Loosu Penne" from the film Vallavan.
In 2006, however, he made his acting debut in Silambarasan's Vallavan as the heroine's friend, following which he starred in his brother Venkat Prabhu's directorial debut Chennai 600028 (2007), in which he played Seenu. The movie went on to become the year's biggest summer blockbuster, establishing Premgi as a comedy actor. He joined with his brother for his next film Saroja, which fetched him accolades for his performance as Ganesh Kumar.
He appeared as a lead character in Venkat Prabhu's Goa (2010), before going on to make further appearances in Mankatha (2011) and Settai (2013). In 2013, he made his Malayalam debut in North 24 Kaatham. In the upcoming Maanga, he plays the lead character and also works as the music composer. He currently acts in Chennai 600028 II: Second Innings, which is a sequel of the super-hit movie Chennai 600028.
Composing
In 2005, he became an independent music director with Gnabagam Varuthe, starring his brother. After that, he composed for Agathiyan's Nenjathai Killathe and for Thozha, in which he played one of the leading roles as well. Apart from film music, he composed music for an episode titled Planet Galatta II – Adra Sakkae on Singapore's satellite channel, "Mediacorp Vasantham".
Amaren composed a song with singer Suresh Peters called "The One Anthem", and it was made as a tribute to the legend Michael Jackson.
Family
Premgi is the son of veteran director and musician Gangai Amaran, and the younger brother of film director and actor Venkat Prabhu. Film composer Ilaiyaraaja is his uncle, while Yuvan Shankar Raja, Karthik Raja and Bhavatharini are his cousins.
Filmography
As actor
Films
Web series
As music director
Discography
Awards
International Tamil Film Awards
Best Supporting Actor – Mankatha
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Indian male film actors
Indian male playback singers
Telugu playback singers
Tamil playback singers
Tamil male actors
Tamil rappers
International Tamil Film Award winners
Tamil comedians
Tamil film score composers
Indian male film score composers
Indian male comedians
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Uni's On Air (Japanese: ユニゾンエアー, Yunisonea-, sylized in all caps) is a Japanese rhythm game developed by Akatsuki Inc. and published by Seed & Flower. The game features songs and members from the idol groups Sakurazaka46 (Keyakizaka46) and Hinatazaka46. The game is only released in Japan and not available worldwide.
Gameplay
The game's main gameplay is in "Live" mode, in which players tap on the five buttons at the bottom of the screen at the proper time to receive a score. A combo score multiplier is given for maintaining a chain of consecutive hits without missing notes. Concert footage of the songs are played in the background. Scores are then classified into C, B, A, S, SS, or SSS rank, with C being lowest and SSS being highest. Songs are divided into three difficulties: "Normal", "Pro", and "Master"; a fourth "Pro+" is available for select songs. A "Live" difficulty level is provided just to watch the concert footage.
There are a total of 57 songs included. Songs span all Sakurazaka46 and Keyakizaka46 singles, Hiragana Keyakizaka46's album Hashiridasu Shunkan, and 3 of Hinatazaka46's single "Kyun", "Do Re Mi Sol La Si Do" & "Konna ni Suki ni Natchatte Ii no?". "Dare no Koto o Ichiban Aishiteru?" from AKB48's Bokutachi wa, Ano Hi no Yoake o Shitteiru was added into the game as part of Keyakizaka46's 3rd Year Anniversary Live.
Team formation
Uni's On Air utilizes a gacha system known as to acquire cards known as that feature a member of Sakurazaka46 or Hinatazaka46. Cards are classified into five colors: red, blue, green, yellow, or purple; they are also classified into three rarities: R, SR, and SSR. These cards can then be built into five-unit teams; using the same color card as the song yields a higher score.
Cards may be leveled up in two ways. In , players may increase the card's level through "lesson points". In , players upgrade specific attributes in a hierarchical order. Talent blossoming also unlocks other content, including more pictures, interview footage, voice recordings, and costumes.
Other content
The game also features an , where players can talk to members, decorate the rooms, and offer in exchange for in-game currency. "Dramas" are also included, where players can watch fictional stories featuring the members.
Release and reception
Uni's On Air was first announced by Akatsuki on 18 July 2019; the official website was released on the same day. The game was available for download on 23 September 2019 and gameplay began on the 24th later. A day later on the 25th, Akatsuki reported that the game had hit a million downloads.
The game was recognized in the "popular games" category in the 2019 App Ape Awards.
References
External links
External links
(September 26, 2019-)
on YouTube (June 28, 2019-)
2019 video games
Android (operating system) games
IOS games
Music video games
Video games developed in Japan
Keyakizaka46
Hinatazaka46
Video games based on musicians
The Dent d'Orlu, also known as the Pic de Brasseil (el. 2222 m) is a distinctive peak in the Pyrenees in the commune of Orlu in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
Pyrenees
Landforms of Ariège (department)
Mountains of Occitania (administrative region)
Pontnewynydd railway station served Pontnewynydd village in the Welsh county of Monmouthshire.
History
In 1795 the Blaenavon Tramroad was opened from Pontnewynydd to Blaenavon Ironworks with branches to Abersychan, Varteg and Cwm Ffrwd to carry iron nearly 6 miles from Blaenavon Ironworks to the Monmouthshire Canal at Pontnewynydd. The line was modified to a standard gauge railway in 1854 by the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company.
The station (on the Newport - Blaenavon line) closed in April 1962, which was more than a year before the "Beeching Axe". In financial terms the line was doing no worse than any of the other lines in the South Wales valleys but, like the local ironworks, the closure of the railway line was also linked to the opening of Llanwern steelworks. The amount of freight traffic the new plant generated was causing severe rail congestion in the Newport area and in an era when passenger rail transport was in decline a number of local services in Monmouthshire were withdrawn by the British Transport Commission as an operational measure.
The site today
The site is now a car park.
References
External links
Photo of station
Disused railway stations in Torfaen
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1854
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1962
1854 establishments in Wales
Amber Valley is a local government district and borough in the east of Derbyshire, England, taking its name from the River Amber. It covers a semi-rural zone with four main towns whose economy was based on coal mining and remains to some extent influenced by engineering, distribution and manufacturing, holding for instance the headquarters and production site of Thorntons confectionery.
The seat in the House of Commons of Amber Valley is of smaller scope. The population at the 2011 Census was 122,309.
The village of Crich and other parts of the district were the setting for ITV drama series Peak Practice.
Towns of Amber Valley
Alfreton
Belper
Heanor
Ripley
Main villages of Amber Valley
Ambergate
Codnor
Crich
Denby
Duffield
Heage
Holbrook
Horsley
Kedleston
Kilburn
Langley Mill
Lea & Holloway
Mackworth
Milford
Quarndon
Smalley
Somercotes
Swanwick
Whatstandwell
The district was formed on 1 April 1974 by the merger of the urban districts of Alfreton, Belper, Heanor and rural districts of Ripley and Belper. The Amber Valley district was granted borough status in 1988.
Parishes
Aldercar and Langley Mill, Alderwasley, Alfreton
Belper
Codnor, Crich
Denby, Dethick, Lea and Holloway, Duffield
Hazelwood, Heanor and Loscoe, Holbrook, Horsley, Horsley Woodhouse
Idridgehay, Alton and Ashleyhay, Ironville
Kedleston, Kilburn, Kirk Langley
Mackworth, Mapperley
Pentrich
Quarndon
Ravensdale Park, Riddings, Ripley
Shipley, Shottle and Postern, Smalley, Somercotes, South Wingfield, Swanwick
Turnditch and Windley
Weston Underwood
Council
Elections to the borough council are held in three out of every four years, with one third of the 45 seats on the council being elected at each election. The council has been run by the Conservative Party since they gained control from the Labour Party at the 2000 election except for a single year after the 2014 election and for two years after the 2019 election. Following the 2022 election the council is composed of the following numbers of councillors:
Arms
See also
List of places in Derbyshire
References
External links
Amber Valley Borough Council website
Amber Valley Centre for Voluntary Services
Amber Valley Info Web Site
Non-metropolitan districts of Derbyshire
Boroughs in England
Mauricio Bolaños (born 16 January 1939) is a former Salvadoran cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Salvadoran male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of El Salvador
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from San Salvador
Chanbaran (, also Romanized as Chanbarān; also known as Chambarān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 384, in 97 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Euphorinae are a large subfamily of Braconidae parasitoid wasps. Some species have been used for biological pest control. They are sister group to the Meteorinae.
Description and distribution
Euphorines are small, usually dark colored wasps. They are non-cyclostomes. Euphorines are found worldwide.
Biology
Euphorines are solitary or rarely gregarious koinobiont endoparasitoids. Unlike most other parasitoid wasps, Euphorinae have a broad host range and attack adult insects or nymphs of hemimetabolous insects.
Wasps of the tribe Dinocampini parasitize adult beetles. Its four genera are Dinocampus Foerster, Ropalophorous Curtis, Centistina Enderlein, and Betelgeuse.
Tribes
Representative tribes of Euphorinae are Centistini, Cosmophorini, Cryptoxilonini, Dinocampini, Euphorini, Helorimorphini, Meteorini, Myiocephalini, Oncometeorini, Perilitini, Proclithrophorini, Syntretini, and Tainitermini.
Genera
These 36 genera belong to the subfamily Euphorinae:
Allurus Förster, 1862 c g
Aridelus Marshall, 1887 c g b
Bracteodes De Saeger, 1946 c g
Centistes Haliday, 1835 c g
Centistina Enderlein, 1912 c g
Chrysopophthorus Goidanich, 1948 c g b
Cosmophorus Ratzeburg, 1848 c g
Cryptoxilos Viereck, 1911 c g b
Dinocampus Förster, 1862 c g b
Eadya Huddleston & Short, 1978 c g
Ecclitura Kokujev, 1902 c g
Elasmosoma Ruthe, 1858 c g b
Euphoriella Ashmead, 1900 g b
Euphorus Nees, 1834 g
Kollasmosoma van Achterberg & Argaman, 1993 c g
Leiophron Nees von Esenbeck, 1818 c g b
Marshiella Shaw, 1985 c g
Meteorus Haliday, 1835 c g b
Microctonus Wesmael, 1835 c g b
Myiocephalus Marshall, 1897 c g
Neoneurus Haliday, 1838 c g b
Perilitus Nees von Esenbeck, 1818 c g
Peristenus Foerster, 1862 g b
Proclithrophorus Tobias & Belokobylskij, 1981 c g
Pygostolus Haliday c g b
Rilipertus Haeselbarth, 1996 c g
Ropalophorus Curtis, 1837 c g
Spathicopis van Achterberg, 1977 c g
Stenothremma Shaw, 1984 c g
Streblocera Westwood, 1833 c g
Syntretellus De Saeger, 1946 c g
Syntretoriana Parrott, 1953 c g
Syntretus Förster, 1862 c g b
Townesilitus Haeselbarth & Loan, 1983 g b
Wesmaelia Förster, 1862 c g
Zele Curtis, 1832 c g
Data sources: i = ITIS, c = Catalogue of Life, g = GBIF, b = Bugguide.net
References
External links
Photos on BugGuide
DNA barcodes at BOLD systems
Apocrita subfamilies
Kanasoko Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is km2. The dam impounds about 7 ha of land when full and can store 214 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1937.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1937 establishments in Japan
Edward I. Burhans (March 25, 1804 Roxbury, Delaware County, New York – January 21, 1883) was an American merchant and politician from New York.
Life
He was the son of John E. Burhans (d. 1838) and Mary (DuBois) Burhans. He worked on a farm until the age of 21, and then became a merchant. He was a Justice of the Peace in Roxbury from 1829 to 1845, and Postmaster of Roxbury from 1837 to 1850. On October 15, 1837, he married Mary More (1818–1857), and they had several children.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Delaware Co.) in 1844. He was an associate judge of the Delaware County Court from 1845 to 1847.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (14th D.) in 1858 and 1859. On November 13, 1858, he married Charity Barnett (1819–1882).
He was again a member of the State Assembly (Delaware Co., 2nd D.) in 1868.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 327 and 442)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 40ff)
FAILURES IN BUSINESS; NOTHING LEFT FOR THE CREDITORS OF BURHANS & LAUREN in NYT on December 16, 1886
1804 births
1883 deaths
New York (state) state senators
People from Roxbury, New York
New York (state) Democrats
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state court judges
New York (state) postmasters
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Lillingstone Lovell is a village and civil parish in north Buckinghamshire, England. It is located around north of Buckingham and west of Milton Keynes, and around south of Towcester in the neighbouring county of Northamptonshire. Silverstone Circuit is located just over north-west of Lillingstone Lovell.
The parish adjoins that of Lillingstone Dayrell with Luffield Abbey. The toponym "Lillingstone" is derived from the Old English for "Lytel's boundary stone", referring to the proximity of both places to the Northamptonshire boundary. At the time of the Domesday Book in 1086 both settlements were recorded jointly as Lillingestan, though at that time there were already two manors owned respectively by the Dayrell and Lovell families. During the 13th century Lillingstone Lovell was known as Lillingstone Magna while Lillingstone Dayrell was recorded as Lillingstone Parva; this is believed to refer more to administrative ascendancy rather than territorial size. The adoption of the "Lovell" name came later, probably in reference to the lordship of the manor by the Lovell family line which died out in the early 14th century.
Unlike its neighbour, Lillingstone Lovell was a detached portion of Oxfordshire under the control of the royal manor of Kirtlington, valued for its woodland and hunting being part of the ancient Whittlewood Forest. It was transferred to Buckinghamshire under the Counties (Detached Parts) Act 1844.
The central part of the village, focussed on the church, Main Street and Brookside, was designated as a Conservation Area in 1989.
Church
The Church of England parish church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary is believed to date from the 13th century but was rebuilt in the 14th century. By the middle part of the 18th century it had fallen into disrepair and was repaired and refurbished around 1777 retaining the original medieval tower. It is a Grade I listed building.
References
Further reading
External links
North Buckingham Parish
British History Online: Lillingstone Lovell
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Gerry Mullan (born 24 September 1954) is a former Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician from Limavady, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. He was an Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for East Londonderry from 2016 until 2017, when he was deselected by the SDLP in favour of John Dallat, who returned to politics following a short retirement.
Political career
Mullan was first elected as a councillor to Limavady Borough Council in 2001 representing the Bellarena ward for the Social Democratic and Labour Party. He served on the council for thirteen years and was appointed as the last Mayor of Limavady in 2014. In 2014, Limavady Borough Council was merged with Ballymoney Borough Council, Coleraine Borough Council and Moyle District Council to become Causeway Coast and Glens Borough Council; Mullan won a seat on the new council.
At the 2015 United Kingdom general election, Mullan was selected to represent the SDLP standing for election in East Londonderry. However, he lost to the incumbent Democratic Unionist Party's Gregory Campbell. In 2016, Mullan was selected to stand for the Northern Ireland Assembly in East Londonderry, taking over from John Dallat, who was retiring. Mullan was elected to the Assembly and managed to retain the seat for the SDLP. He resigned his seat on the council as a result in order to take up the role as an MLA. However, Dallat announced he would be returning to politics after seven months of retirement and following an SDLP selection hearing, Dallat was selected to be the SDLP's only candidate in East Londonderry ahead of Mullan at the next Assembly election in a move supported by the SDLP leader Colum Eastwood.
After being deselected by the SDLP, Mullan announced he was quitting the party after twenty years of membership and looking to take legal action, citing his deselection, believing his local constituency should have decided, not the central party, and stating that the SDLP was no longer the party he had joined. The media viewed this as part of a personal feud between Mullan and Dallat. Supporters of Mullan put up posters around County Londonderry alleging Dallat was enriching himself by him taking retirement severance and running again after such a short retirement period, though Mullan himself had not endorsed this action. Dallat's daughter, Helena Dallat O'Driscoll, took Mullan to an employment tribunal, alleging he had discriminated against her on marital and gender grounds by refusing to employ her in his constituency office. The case was dismissed, however, after Dallat's daughter failed to pay the £200 court fee. Mullan announced his intention to stand in the 2017 Assembly elections as an independent to try to retain his seat but was not elected.
References
1954 births
Living people
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Social Democratic and Labour Party MLAs
Politicians from Northern Ireland
People from Limavady
Parliamentary elections were held in the Maldives on 2 December 1994. As there were no political parties at the time, all candidates ran as independents.
Results
References
Maldives
Parliamentary election
Elections in the Maldives
Non-partisan elections
Maldives
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
For the results of the New Zealand national football team, see:
New Zealand national football team results (1922–1969)
New Zealand national football team results (1970–1999)
New Zealand national football team results (2000–2019)
New Zealand national football team results (2020–present)
Colin Myler is a US-based British journalist.
Early life
Myler grew up in the Hough Green area of Widnes, Cheshire. He was raised Catholic, served as an altar boy and attended SS John Fisher and Thomas More Roman Catholic High School, at the time a secondary modern school, in Widnes.
Career
Myler started his career working for the Catholic Pictorial in Liverpool, before joining West Lancs Press Agency in Southport The Sun and later the Daily Mail. He was appointed news editor of the Sunday People, then moved to Today in 1985, before its launch, again as news editor. He was later appointed as Deputy Editor of the Sunday Mirror.
In 1992, he succeeded his boss Bridget Rowe as editor of the Sunday Mirror. In 1994, he moved to edit the Daily Mirror. He was made managing director of both the Daily and Sunday Mirror in 1995, but soon left to run Super League of Europe, the rugby league marketing body. He returned to the Sunday Mirror in 1998, but resigned in 2001 after Judge David Poole ruled that an article he had published regarding accusations of assault against Leeds United F.C. footballers Lee Bowyer and Jonathan Woodgate risked prejudicing their trial.
Shortly after, Myler moved to the United States and was appointed executive editor of the New York Post. He returned to London in 2007 to become editor of the News of the World and remained in post until the paper ceased publication on 10 July 2011.
On 22 July 2011, Myler and former News of the World lawyer, Tom Crone, wrote to the Parliamentary Select Committee to clarify evidence given by James Murdoch in respect of the News International phone hacking scandal which had resulted in the closure of the News of the World. They appeared before the Committee to answer further questions on 6 September 2011.
In January 2012, Myler was appointed editor-in-chief of the New York City Daily News.
Personal
Myler is a practising Catholic and a second cousin of rugby player Frank Myler.
References
External links
Myler's speech to News of the World staff on the occasion of the publication of the final edition of the paper.
Living people
English newspaper editors
English male journalists
British rugby league administrators
News of the World people
People associated with the News International phone hacking scandal
Sportspeople from Widnes
Daily Mirror people
English Roman Catholics
News Corporation people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Sun Grant Association is a group of six U.S. universities that serve as regional centers of the Sun Grant Initiative, established by the U.S. Congress in the Sun Grant Research Initiative Act of 2003. They research and develop sustainable and environmentally friendly bio-based energy alternatives. The Department of Transportation, Department of Energy, and the Department of Agriculture are partners in the initiative. The centers were established at land-grant universities to serve different geographic regions of the United States, in the tradition of the Congress-established programs of sea-grant colleges in 1966 and space-grant colleges in 1988.
Participating institutions
The following six universities are classified as "national participants" and serve as regional centers. Numerous universities participate within each region as "regional participants."
Pennsylvania State University hosts the Northeastern Center for the region composed of Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Massachusetts, Maryland, Maine, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and West Virginia.
Oklahoma State University hosts the South-Central Center for the region composed of Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas.
Oregon State University hosts the Western Center for the region composed of Arizona, California, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, and Washington.
University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa hosts the Western Insular Pacific Subcenter for the region composed of Alaska, Hawaii, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, Micronesia, the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau.
South Dakota State University is the "National Lead Sun Grant Center" and hosts the North-Central Center for the region composed of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
The University of Tennessee at Knoxville hosts the Southeastern Center for the region composed of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
See also
Land-grant university
National Sea Grant College Program
National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program
External links
Sun Grant Research Initiative Act
Sun Grant Project Report (pdf)
North-Central Center (South Dakota State University)
Northeastern Center (The Pennsylvania State University)
South-Central Center (Oklahoma State University)
Southeastern Center (University of Tennessee)
Western Center (Oregon State University)
Biofuel in the United States
Lists of universities and colleges in the United States
All the Rivers Run is an Australian historical novel by Nancy Cato, first published in 1958.
It was adapted as a 1983 Australian television mini-series starring Sigrid Thornton and John Waters. The mini-series is marketed with the tagline A sweeping saga of one woman's struggle for survival. A sequel, All the Rivers Run II, was produced in 1989.
Story
All the Rivers Run follows the life of English girl, Philadelphia Gordon, from the time when she is shipwrecked and orphaned off the coast of Victoria in 1890. She spends most of her life around Echuca, on the Murray River, and invests some of her inheritance in the paddle steamer called PS Philadelphia. Her life is changed forever when she meets paddle steamer captain Brenton Edwards. She is torn between the harsh beauty of life on the river with its adventures, and the society life in Melbourne with her blossoming career as a painter. It is an adventure and a love story: between her, the men in her life, and the river.
Miniseries
Main cast
Sigrid Thornton – Philadelphia Gordon
John Waters – Brenton Edwards
Charles Tingwell – Uncle Charles
Nicholas Brown – Gordon
Dinah Shearing – Aunt Hester
Adrian Wright – Alistair Raeburn
Diane Craig – Miss Barrett
Gus Mercurio – Tom Gritchley
John Alansu – Ah Lee
William Upjohn – Adam
Frank Gallacher – Mac
Constance Landsberg – Bessie Griggs
Darius Perkins – Ben
Caroline Gillmer – Mabel Blackeney
Kirk Alexander – Jim
Celia de Burgh – Imogen
Chantal Contouri – Julia
Nick Waters – Mr. Slope
Carol Burns – Mrs. Slope
Vivean Gray – Alicia Raeburn
Betty Lucas – Janet Raeburn
Production
Both mini-series were shot on location in Echuca, and locations in Melbourne.
The paddle steamer PS Pevensey was filmed as the PS Philadelphia. Today, visitors to Echuca can take short trips on it.
Release
Versions
The first series comprises four two-hour episodes first broadcast in October 1983, the second series comprises two two-hour episodes first broadcast on 18 March 1990. In the US, the mini-series was shown on the premium channel, HBO, premiering on 15 January 1984.<ref name="HBO program guide: January 1984">HBO program guide: January 1984</ref>All the Rivers Run: The Definitive Collection DVDs contains both mini-series, as Parts I and II. The Part 1, All the Rivers Run I, is on 3 DVDs, with 8 episodes of approximately 48 minutes each (even though they are advertised as one-hour episodes). Disc 1 contains episode 1 (51 minutes 28 seconds) and episode 2 (45:58). Disc 2 contains episode 3 (46:25), episode 4 (47:37) and episode 5 (48:57). Disc 3 contains episodes 6 (50:14), episode 7 (48:01), episode 8 (48:30), a three-minute interview with John Waters, an eight-minute interview with Sigrid Thornton and a trailer/promotion for the mini-series. The Part 2, All the Rivers Run II, is on 2 DVDs. The first disc contains episode 1 (1 hour 36 minutes 34 seconds) and the second disc contains episode 2 (1:37:47). It also includes an audio CD with the soundtrack from the mini-series.
Reception
The series was a massive ratings success in Australia and was sold to over 70 countries, including the US, where it was screened by HBO premiering on 15 January 1984 on the network. and in USSR where it ran in 1988.
All the Rivers Run II
The sequel follows on with the same main characters, but with actress Nikki Coghill replacing Sigrid Thornton in the leading role. New characters include Cyrus P. James, a handsome American, and Arthur Blackwell (Tim Robertson), a rich villain who wants to buy out the PS Philadelphia''.
Main cast
John Waters – Brenton Edwards
Nikki Coghill – Philadelphia Gordon
Parker Stevenson – Cyrus
Charles Tingwell – Uncle Charles
John Jacobs – Sid
John Alansu – Ah Lee
Sudi de Winter – Gordon
Tim Robertson – Blackwell
Alan Fletcher – McLean
Kahlie Sneddon – Meg
Eric McKibbin – Brenny
Gil Tucker – Hopkins
Jon Concannon – Bates
Michele Fawdon – Ruth
David Cameron – Enright
Peta Toppano – Eunice Pyke
References
External links
Source of novel title
All the Rivers Run at Australian Screen Online
1983 films
Australian drama television series
1980s Australian television miniseries
Films based on Australian novels
Films based on romance novels
Television shows set in Victoria (Australia)
1983 Australian television series debuts
HBO original programming
Murray River
Television shows set in colonial Australia
English-language television shows
1983 Australian television series endings
1958 Australian novels
Joseph Capuron (10 May 1767, in Larroque-Saint-Sernin – 1850) was a French obstetrician.
In 1802 he received his medical doctorate in Paris, where in 1822 he obtained his agrégation at the faculty of medicine. In 1823 he became a member of the Académie Nationale de Médecine.
Published works
Capuron published several treatises on diseases of women and children, however his best known literary effort was an 1806 dictionary of medicine called Nouveau dictionnaire de médecine, de chirurgie, de physique, de chimie et d'histoire naturelle. In 1810, Capuron and physiologist Pierre-Hubert Nysten (1771–1818) published a second edition of the dictionary. Afterwards, there were numerous revisions and editions (as well as changes to the title of the dictionary) by Nysten, Émile Littré (1801–1881), et al. The twenty-first and final edition was published in 1908. His other works include:
Aphrodisiographie, ou Tableau de la maladie vénérienne, 1807 – Aphrodisiography, or table of venereal disease.
Tableau historique de l'art des accouchemens, 1810 – Historical table on the art of obstetrics.
Cours théorique et pratique d'accouchemens, 1811 – Theoretical and practical courses of obstetrics.
Traité des maladies des femmes, depuis la puberté jusqu'a l'age critique inclusivement, 1812 – Diseases of women, from puberty to the critical age inclusive.
Traité des maladies des femmes, depuis la puberté jusqu'a l'age critique inclusivement, Seconde édition, revue corrigée et augmentée 1817 – Diseases of women, from puberty to the critical age inclusive.
Traité des maladies des enfants jusqu'a la puberté, 1813 – Treatise on diseases of children up to puberty.
Traité des maladies des enfants jusqu'a la puberté, Seconde édition 1820 – Treatise on diseases of children up to puberty.
Notice sur les eaux minérales de Castéra-Verduzan, département du Gers, 1830 – On the mineral waters of Castera-Verduzan.
Associated eponym
Cardinal points of Capuron: Term associated with four fixed points in the pelvic inlet; the two iliopubic eminences anteriorly, and the two sacroiliac joints posteriorly. Also called the "cardinal points of the pelvic inlet".
References
Becker Medical Medical Library Catalog
A Compend of Obstetrics, etc. by Henry Gardner Landis and William Hughes Wells
French obstetricians
People from Gers
1767 births
1850 deaths
Yuval Shahar, M.D., Ph.D., (1958 -) is an Israel professor, physician, researcher and computer scientist
Shahar served as the chair of the Ben Gurion University (BGU) Department of Software and Information Systems Engineering, the Josef Erteschik Chair in Information Systems Engineering, and head of the BGU Medical Informatics Research Center.
Shahar's research is on artificial intelligence in medicine, focusing on medical decision-support systems for physicians and for patients, and on automated knowledge discovery from time-oriented clinical data.
Education and career
Shahar was born in 1958 in Jerusalem. He studied for an M.D. degree at the Hebrew University (1975–1981), while also taking courses in mathematics and computer science.
After an internship in the Soroka Medical Center (1982–1983), Shahar served as a physician in the Israel defense forces (IDF) Medical Corps. He was the head of the Medical Corps' Medical Informatics Section (1983–1988), and founded its Medical Informatics Branch. During that time, he pursued graduate studies in Mathematics and Computer Sciences at Bar-Ilan University (1985–1988). Shahar headed a 50-person team that, among other tasks, designed the Medical Corps' emergency-situations strategic decision-support system connecting 32 hospitals, and an early version of the IDF electronic medical record.
Shahar was the recipient of the 1988 US-Israel Fulbright Fellowship in the Natural Sciences area. He then traveled to Yale University, joining the Computer Science department. Shahar then worked on mobile-robot planning with Drew McDermott and received (1990) an M.Sc. in Computer Science (with a focus on Artificial Intelligence).
Shahar then went to Stanford University, where he obtained (1994) a Ph.D. (focusing on temporal reasoning in medicine) in the Medical Information Sciences program. After a short post-doctoral period(1994–1995), Shahar stayed as a Senior Research Scientist (1995–1997), and then (1997–2000) as an Assistant Professor of Medicine (Biomedical Informatics) and as an Assistant Professor of Computer Science. Shahar worked on temporal reasoning and planning in medical domains
Shahar returned to Israel in 2000 and joined BGU, to found and head its Medical Informatics Research Center. He also became the second chair of the new Department of Information Systems Engineering at BGU's Faculty of Engineering.
Academic and clinical work
Shahar's research has focused on temporal reasoning, temporal information visualization, temporal data mining, automated therapy administration, knowledge acquisition and representation, personal decision analysis, and group decision making. He has applied his work mostly in biomedical domains, as well in domains such as homeland security and information security.
Academics
Shahar served (2005–2008) as the Chair of the BGU Department of Information and Software Engineering and as the Deputy Dean for Research & Development of BGU's Faculty of Engineering (2003–2008). Since 2000, he is the head of the BGU Medical Informatics Research Center, which he had founded. In 2014, he was nominated as the Josef Erteschik Chair in Information Systems Engineering at BGU.
Since 1996, Shahar has served on the editorial boards of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine, The Journal of BioMedical Informatics, Methods of Information in Medicine, Applied Ontology, and (as Associate Editor) Knowledge and Information Systems. He was the Scientific co-chair of the international Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIME) conference in 1999 (Aalborg) and in 2009 (Verona).
Awards
Shahar was granted in 1995 a NIH 5-year FIRST career award and an NSF award to explore the theoretical and practical implications of the temporal-reasoning methodology he had developed; in 2005 an IBM Faculty Award, and in 2008 an HP Worldwide Innovation Program award. During 2004 to 2007, He was the Principal Investigator and recipient of an IBM Shared University Research (SUR) equipment, software, and technical support award for academic centers of excellence, in collaboration with Prof. Shimon Slavin of the Department of Bone-Marrow Transplantation, Hadassa Medical Center.
In 2005, Shahar was elected as an International Fellow of the American College of Medical Informatics (ACMI). In 2015, he was awarded a Special Merit Award from the Israeli Chamber of Information Systems Analysts. In 2017, Shahar was elected as one of the 100 founding members of the International Academy of Health Sciences Informatics (IAHSI).
References
External links
Shahar's Google Scholar citations:
Shahar on Researchgate:
The BGU Medical Informatics Research Center:
The EU MobiGuide project:
HaAretz article:
BGU article:
Radio interview:
Shahar's TEDxBGU talk "The Computer is the Patient's Best Friend":
1958 births
Israeli computer scientists
Physicians from Jerusalem
Ben-Gurion University of the Negev faculty
Living people
The Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School alumni
Friedrichshagener SV 1912 is a German association football club from the Friedrichshagen district of Berlin.
SC Hohenzollern Friedrichshagen was formed in Friedrichshagen on 3 October 1912. In November 1918 it was renamed SC Burgund 1912 Friedrichshagen and in the 1920s played several seasons of second division football on the city circuit. Known as SG Friedrichshagen after World War II, it was renamed to SG Burgund 1912 Friedrichshagen e. V. in 1990.
In April 2007, SG Burgund merged with Eintracht Friedrichshagen e.V. (founded 1990) to form Friedrichshagener SV 1912. In 2014–15, the club plays in the Kreisliga A Berlin Staffel 3 (IX).
External links
Official website
Eintracht Friedrichshagen
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Berlin
Association football clubs established in 1912
1912 establishments in Germany
Hartlepool railway station was a railway station that served the Headland area of Hartlepool in the ceremonial county of Durham, North East England. Though originally built as the coastal terminus of the Hartlepool Dock & Railway in 1839, for most of its life the station was the terminus of a shuttle service from the town's main station in West Hartlepool.
History
Though the first mineral train along the HD&R reached Hartlepool on 1 January 1835, the first passenger station in Hartlepool was not opened until 1839. Facilities at this first station were initially housed in the hull of a grounded ship before a more permanent building was provided, close to Commercial Street. From 1845, the HD&R leased the Great North of England, Clarence & Hartlepool Junction Railway which had opened a line from a junction with the HD&R at Wingate to six years earlier. However just a year after the HD&R leased the GNEC&HJR, both companies were leased by the newly formed York & Newcastle Railway, before being amalgamated into its successor, the York, Newcastle & Berwick Railway, on 22 July 1848. Passengers from Hartlepool were first carried over the GNEC&HJR in 1846.
The York, Newcastle & Berwick Railway was amalgamated with other companies to form the North Eastern Railway in 1854 and in 1877 the NER constructed a line linking the former HD&R directly to the former Stockton & Hartlepool Railway in West Hartlepool. As part of the rationalisation of the rail network around Hartlepool, the NER opened a new terminus at Hartlepool, west of the original station, on 16 November 1878 and a new through station at West Hartlepool two years later. Following the opening of the new station, the original one was converted into a good shed. The growth of West Hartlepool, combined with the decline of "old" Hartlepool led to the diversion of passenger services from the former HD&R and GNEC&HJR lines into West Hartlepool station, leaving Hartlepool as the terminus of a shuttle service between the two towns.
The opening of a parallel steam tramway in 1884, and its later conversion to electric traction in 1899, introduced direct competition to this shuttle service. Hoping to emulate the success of the then recently launched Tyneside Electrics system, the NER first launched their experimental petrol electric autocars on the Hartlepool-West Hartlepool shuttle service in August 1904, hoping that they could provide a frequent (10-minute frequency) 5-minute journey time service capable of drawing back passengers from the tramway. However, only one unit actually saw service on this route and, after further trials on the Port Clarence Branch in early 1905, this unit was transferred to later that year. Nonetheless, even after the NER became part of the London and North Eastern Railway in the 1923 grouping, the shuttle continued to attempt to compete with trams and busses. In 1925, the LNER shuttle service consisted of 49 trains per day but by 1939 it had declined to 38, with services then normally operated by LNER Sentinel steam railcars.
However, wartime economy measures led to this service being reduced to just four trains each way from 2 October 1939, a service level which was maintained until public passenger services were withdrawn on 16 June 1947. Even so, the station still continued to handle services for school children until 23 March 1964.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in the Borough of Hartlepool
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1839
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1947
Review of Research in Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association. It covers research in the field of education. The editors-in-chief for 2019 are Terri Pigott, Anne Marie Ryan, and Charles Tocci (Loyola University Chicago). The 2020 editors are Jeanne Powers, Gustavo Fischman, and Margarita Pivovarova (Arizona State University). It was established in 1973. The 2021 editors are Greg Kazinsky, Ethan Paterson, and Robbert Snow.
Mission Statement
Review of Research in Education (RRE), published annually, provides an overview and descriptive analysis of selected topics of relevant research literature through critical and synthesizing essays. RRE promotes discussion and controversy about research problems in addition to pulling together and summarizing the work in a field.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.594, ranking it 91 out of 238 journals in the category "Education & Educational Research".
References
External links
Annual journals
Education journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1973
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Tartarlar may refer to:
Tatars
Tatalılar, Azerbaijan
Laura Zametkin Hobson (June 19, 1900 – February 28, 1986) was an American writer, best known for her novels
Gentleman's Agreement (1947) and Consenting Adult (1975).
Early life and career
Laura Kean Zametkin was born on June 19, 1900 in Manhattan, New York City. Raised in Jamaica, Queens, she was the twin daughter of Russian Jewish immigrants Mikhail (Michael) Zametkin (c. 1861-1935) and Adella Kean Zametkin (c. 1863-1931), both of whom were Socialists. Michael Zametkin was a labor organizer as well as co-founder (and first editor) of The Jewish Daily Forward; Adella Zametkin was a columnist for the Yiddish newspaper Der Tog (The Day).
After graduating from Cornell University in 1921, Laura Zametkin held various jobs, including stints as an advertising copywriter and as a reporter for the New York Post. In 1934, she joined the promotional staff of Luce Publications (Time, Life, and Fortune), eventually becoming the first female director of promotion for Time. Hobson was, in fact, the first woman hired at Time in a non-secretarial capacity.
In 1932, Hobson's fiction appeared in print for the first time, when The New Yorker published "The Perfect Man" ("a sketch more than a story") under the by-line "Laura Mount." Three years later, she sold her first full-length story, "Hands Down," to Collier's. She signed the story (published as "Play Something Simple") with a new by-line, Laura Z. Hobson. It was the beginning of a prolific career: over the next fifty years, Hobson would publish hundreds of stories and articles.
After 1940, Hobson devoted herself to writing. In 1941, she was offered $5,000.00 to write a novel; the offer came from Richard L. Simon of the Simon & Schuster publishing house. Although she had never considered writing a novel, she eventually accepted the offer. The resulting book, The Trespassers, was the story of European refugees who are turned away from the United States during World War II, and was inspired by Hobson's own ultimately successful efforts during the war to obtain visas for a prominent European family. The book was published in 1943; reviews were mixed, but it was a modest best seller.
Gentleman's Agreement and international success
After being serialized in Cosmopolitan, Hobson's second novel, Gentleman's Agreement, was published by Simon & Schuster on February 27, 1947. This story of a magazine writer who decides to research antisemitism by posing as a Jew was a worldwide success, translated into thirteen languages. On April 27, 1947, it reached number one on the New York Times best seller list, where it would remain for fourteen weeks. (According to Publishers Weekly, it was the third-best selling novel of 1947 at some two million copies.) The Jewish Book Council named Gentleman's Agreement the best Jewish novel of the year, but Hobson declined the award, which she later regretted.
The genesis of the novel was an article Hobson had read in the February 14, 1944 issue of Time magazine, which reported that John E. Rankin, Democratic congressman from Mississippi, while addressing the House of Representatives, had referred to newspaper columnist Walter Winchell as "the little kike." According to Time, Rankin was not condemned by his colleagues, but was enthusiastically applauded at the end of his speech. Hobson was shocked, not only by Rankin's remark, but by the response of the House as well. She began to wonder: "How antisemitic was this country, this America, these United States? Not just among the outright bigots like Congressman Rankin... but [among] other people, people who'd never call anybody a kike, people who said they loathed prejudice?"
The film adaptation of Gentleman's Agreement was released on November 11, 1947. Directed by Elia Kazan for 20th Century Fox, from a screenplay by Moss Hart, the movie starred Gregory Peck, Dorothy McGuire, John Garfield, and a young Dean Stockwell. It was nominated for eight Academy Awards, and won three, including Best Motion Picture of 1947. The movie was also a huge success commercially, grossing $7.8 million, making it the eighth most popular film of 1948.
Subsequent career
Hobson's third novel, The Other Father, the story of a father-daughter relationship, was published in 1950, and was followed by The Celebrity, a satire of literary fame, in 1951. Both books were "experiments", and moderate best sellers, but Hobson herself came to see them as something less than "major" works. Despite Hobson's feelings, both novels were cited by The New York Times as one of the "outstanding books" of their respective years.
After beginning her fifth novel, which was to be a fictionalized account of her "radical childhood," Hobson became "blocked." Putting the manuscript aside, she returned to her career in promotion. In 1953, she began writing a daily newspaper column for the International News Service, entitled "Assignment America." During this decade she also began to edit the double-crostic word puzzles for the Saturday Review, and would continue to do so for nearly thirty years. In 1959, she returned to her abandoned novel, which was finally published by Random House in 1964 as First Papers. Considered by many to be her finest novel, First Papers was widely praised.
The Tenth Month, the autobiographical story of a divorced woman of forty who discovers she is pregnant, was published in 1971, and filmed for television in 1979 with Carol Burnett. Hobson's next novel was the well-received Consenting Adult (1975), about parents who learn that their son is homosexual, based on her experience with her own son, Christopher; it was adapted for television in 1985 with Marlo Thomas and Martin Sheen. It was followed by the neglected Over and Above (1979), which explored concepts of Jewish identity in the story of three generations of women; and her final novel, Untold Millions (1982), the tale of a young advertising copywriter and the feckless man she loves.
Following publication of Untold Millions, Hobson wrote two acclaimed volumes of autobiography: Laura Z: A Life (1983), which concludes with the publication of Gentleman's Agreement in 1947; and the unfinished Laura Z: A Life, Years of Fulfillment, with an afterword by Christopher Z. Hobson, which appeared posthumously in 1986. In the books, Hobson discussed her books, her writing methods, and her friendships with Norman Cousins, Eric Hodgins, Sinclair Lewis, Henry and Clare Boothe Luce, Dorothy Thompson, and James Thurber.
As of December 2016, six of her nine novels are available in ebook editions from Open Road Media. Mrs. Hobson's papers are archived at Columbia University.
Personal life
On July 23, 1930, Laura Zametkin married Thayer Hobson, who in 1931 became president of the William Morrow and Company publishing house. The Hobsons were divorced in 1935.
In 1937, Hobson adopted an infant son, whom she named Michael. Four years later, finding herself unexpectedly pregnant, she decided to have the baby in secrecy, unwilling to have Michael feel stigmatized as her only adopted child. She went into seclusion, gave birth under an assumed name, and then adopted the baby publicly under her own name. This child was named Christopher. Only in their adulthood did Hobson tell her sons the actual circumstances of Christopher's birth.
In the late 1930s, Mrs. Hobson was engaged to Ralph Ingersoll, founder and publisher of the left-wing newspaper PM (1940–48), although Ingersoll later denied the engagement.
Death
Hobson died of cancer at the New York Hospital in Manhattan, New York City on February 28, 1986. She was survived by her sons and two granddaughters.
Books
Novels
The Trespassers (Simon & Schuster, 1943)
Gentleman's Agreement (Simon & Schuster, 1947)
The Other Father (Simon & Schuster, 1950)
The Celebrity (Simon & Schuster, 1951)
First Papers (Random House, 1964)
The Tenth Month (Simon & Schuster, 1971)
Consenting Adult (Doubleday, 1975)
Over and Above (Doubleday, 1979)
Untold Millions (Harper & Row, 1982)
Autobiographies
Laura Z: A Life (Arbor House, 1983)
Laura Z: A Life, Years of Fulfillment (Donald I. Fine, 1986)
Laura Z: The Early Years and Years of Fulfillment (Primus/Donald I. Fine, 1987)
Juveniles
A Dog of His Own (Viking, 1941)
"I'm Going to Have a Baby!" (John Day, 1967)
Collaborations
Outlaws Three (William Morrow, 1933) (as Peter Field)
Dry Gulch Adams (William Morrow, 1934) (as Peter Field)
Note: Both books by "Peter Field" were Westerns, written in collaboration with then-husband Thayer Hobson and published by William Morrow. Mrs. Hobson was later embarrassed by the books, which, at Thayer Hobson's suggestion, had been written during the Depression in a successful attempt to earn extra money. (Hobson, Laura Z, pp. 125–27.)
Notes
References
Further reading
Giffuni, Cathe. "Laura Z. Hobson: A Bibliography," Bulletin of Bibliography, Vol. 45 No. 4 December 1988, pp. 261–270.
Gordan, Rachel. "Motherlode: A Single Adoptive Mother — in 1937." The New York Times, April 25, 2014.
Hobson, Laura Z. Laura Z: A Life. New York: Arbor House, 1983.
Hobson, Laura Z. Laura Z: A Life: Years of Fulfillment. New York: Donald I. Fine, Inc., 1986.
McCune, Mary. The Whole Wide World, Without Limits: International Relief, Gender Politics, and American Jewish Women, 1893-1930. Detroit: Wayne State University Press, 2005.
Shatzky, Joel and Michael Taub. Contemporary Jewish-American Novelists: A Bio-critical Sourcebook. Westport, CT: Greenwood Publishing Group, 1997.
External links
Finding aid to the Laura Z. Hobson papers at Columbia University Rare Book & Manuscript Library
Hobson, Laura Z. As I Listened to Archie say 'Hebe'.... The New York Times, September 12, 1971, p. D1.
Hobson, Laura Z. Topics: 1,200 Miles by Bike in Central Park. The New York Times, October 21, 1967, p. 30.
I've Got a Secret! The July 17, 1952 episode, on which Mrs. Hobson was a panelist.
Mrs. Zametkin Dead; A Socialist Leader. The New York Times, May 20, 1931. Adella Kean Zametkin obituary.
1900 births
1986 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American women novelists
Writers from New York City
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
American copywriters
Cornell University alumni
Jewish American novelists
20th-century American women writers
Novelists from New York (state)
20th-century American Jews
Kaew Lom Phet (, , lit. "glass encircles diamonds") is a Thai television soap opera produced by Xact and Scenario and broadcast on Channel 5 in 2008–2009. It is a remake of the 2001 drama Lueat Hong.
Cast
Kitjakorns
Son Songpaisarn as Cheewin Chayatorn Setjinda as Karn Airin Yoogthatat as KaewkaoChaiyapol Pupart as ChanokUtumporn Silapan as LadaChomchay Chatwilai as SajeeTatsana Seneewong Na Ayuthaya as Pin
Pikul's family
Kamolchanok Komoltithi as Pikul Wannarot Sonthichai as NampetchThong Wattana as Det
Broadcasting
KVLA 56.5: August 11, 2014 - September 14, 2014
Running Time
35 min. (1-35 Set)
45 min. (Ntry Set, Sohu Dubbed Version)
Random (Regular)
References
Sources
Channel 5 (Thailand) original programming
Thai television soap operas
2000s Thai television series
2008 Thai television series debuts
2009 Thai television series endings
"Searchin for Some Kind of Clue" is a song written by Nelson Larkin, Donny Kees and Pal Rakes, and recorded by American country music artist Billy Joe Royal. It was released in May 1990 as the first single from the album Out of the Shadows. The song reached number 17 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Chart performance
References
1990 singles
Billy Joe Royal songs
Atlantic Records singles
Songs written by Nelson Larkin
1990 songs
Songs written by Donny Kees
Gonioterma linteata is a moth of the family Depressariidae. The species was first described by Edward Meyrick in 1916. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 21–22 mm. The forewings are whitish, with very faint fuscous tinge and with the costal edge whiter. The stigmata are small and dark fuscous, the plical very obliquely beyond the first discal. There are some scattered dark fuscous scales indicating a faint irregular postmedian line and small blackish spots on the costa at the middle and four-fifths, the second sending a curved row of blackish dots to the dorsum before the tornus. A marginal row of blackish dots is found around the apex and termen. The hindwings are whitish, with the dorsum expanded to form a fold containing a long whitish-ochreous hair-pencil from the base.
References
Moths described in 1914
Gonioterma
The Emperor's Snuff-Box is a non-series mystery novel (1942) by mystery novelist John Dickson Carr. The detective is psychologist Dr. Dermot Kinross.
The novel takes place in France and concerns a jeweled snuff-box in the shape of a pocket watch said to have belonged to Napoleon. A pretty young Englishwoman living in France forms a romantic attachment and becomes a suspect in the murder of her fiancé's father; the theft of a valuable necklace and the smashing of the snuff-box are also mysteries to be solved. The novel served as the basis for the 1957 film That Woman Opposite, for which Compton Bennett wrote the screenplay.
It is considered one of Carr's great novels and is considered the best among the best mystery plots with no locked room murders, impossible crimes, or supernatural elements.
1942 American novels
American novels adapted into films
Novels by John Dickson Carr
Novels set in France
David Zolkwer is a producer and director of public events and ceremonies and corporate brand activation experiences.
Early career
Following an early career working in theatre in London, Zolkwer was employed in the corporate and public events domain by experiential marketing agencies such as Imagination, Spectrum Communications, Caribiner International and Jack Morton Worldwide. He was head of public events, international for Jack Morton Worldwide for 15 years. Since 2018 he has worked as an independent freelancer and co-director of Artisan Events.
Public events and ceremonies
David Zolkwer has played a leading role in major public events, ceremonies and brand experiences across the world for over two decades.
He directed Her Majesty The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant which was witnessed live by over 200,000 people lining the streets of London on 5 June 2022, and broadcast to hundreds of millions of television viewers around the world. The spectacular show concluded with an historic appearance by the Queen, accompanied by Prince Charles and Prince William on the Balcony of Buckingham Palace.
In 1997 he was both project and creative director for the Hong Kong Handover Ceremony. He played the same dual role working on the 'Money' and 'Self Portrait' Zones at the Millennium Dome in 2000.
In 2002 he was Project & Artistic Director for the ceremonies of the Manchester 2002 Commonwealth Games, and personally directed the Opening Ceremony which was attended by Her Majesty the Queen in her Golden Jubilee year. The success of the Manchester Commonwealth Games and the ceremonies were seen by many as a major statement of UK confidence and capability that paved the way for London's successful bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games.
In 2004 Zolkwer was project director and one of the lead creative directors for the ceremonies of the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens. He was the only non-Greek member of the core creative team led by Dimitris Papaioanou.
In 2005 Zolkwer directed the launch of the Melbourne 2006 Queen's Baton Relay from Buckingham Palace.
In 2006 he served as Executive Director supporting the team producing the ceremonies of the Melbourne 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Also in 2006 he directed 'Falklands 25', a commemorative event broadcast live from Horse Guards Parade, London and the Falkland Islands to mark the 25thanniversary of the end of the Falklands Conflict.
Over 2007/08 Zolkwer served as Creative Consultant and led a small team from Jack Morton Worldwide providing technical, production and operations consultancy to the Beijing Organizing Committee for the Olympic Games for the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing and Artistic Director Zhang Yimou who he also supported during the extended creative bid process for the Beijing Ceremonies (as did US movie director Steven Spielberg).
In 2008 Zolkwer was Project & Creative Director for the Team GB and Paralympic GB Team Homecoming – an event staged in Trafalgar Square, London, to celebrate the achievements of the British teams in Beijing.
In 2009 Zolkwer directed the launch of the Delhi 2010 Queen's Baton Relay from Buckingham Palace. Also in 2009, he was the Artistic Director for the Ceremonies of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup in South Africa.
Zolkwer was the artistic director of the opening ceremony of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, described by the Guardian Newspaper as: "An unusually limber, oddly unstilted and bafflingly entertaining introduction to South Africa 2010". A month later he also directed the ceremony that closed the tournament – an event featuring a surprise guest appearance by Nelson Mandela.
Also in July 2010, Zolkwer was the artistic director of 'Remembering Fromelles', a ceremony held exactly 94 years after the disastrous First World War battle of Fromelles in Northern France in which thousands of Australian and British troops lost their lives. During the ceremony the last 250 British and Australian World War I troops recovered from recently discovered mass graves were reburied with full military honours. The event was attended by the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Kent and the Governor-General of Australia, Dame Quentin Bryce AC.
Zolkwer was the creative director for the celebration sites in London's Hyde Park and Trafalgar Square created for the Royal Wedding, The marriage of H.R.H Prince William of Wales and Miss Catherine Middleton. The event – themed around the idea that everyone was a guest at the Royal Wedding - welcomed the largest crowd ever assembled in Hyde Park.
From 2007 to 2015 Zolkwer was the creative director for the Mayor of London's annual New Year's Eve Celebrations - a lighting, projection and fireworks spectacular focused around the London Eye and the River Thames attended by a live audience numbering in excess of 350,000. The event was also broadcast live across the UK to audiences in excess of 12.5 million.
(Zolkwer's work on London's 2015 New Year's Eve spectacular saw the clock faces of Elizabeth Tower – home to Big Ben – lit blue to mark the involvement of UNICEF in the event. This was the first time in the history of the tower that the clock faces had appeared in any colour other than white).
In December 2012 Zolkwer returned to South Africa to join forces with local agency VWV to provide creative consultancy for the Opening & Closing Ceremonies of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations.
In July 2012 it was announced that Zolkwer had been appointed as Head of Ceremonies & Artistic Director for the Ceremonies of the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games. (He was also the Creative Director of the launch of the Glasgow 2014 Queen's Baton which was broadcast live from the Mall and Buckingham Palace in October 2013).
The Glasgow Commonwealth Games and their ceremonies were hailed as a huge success. The Opening Ceremony, attended by Her Majesty The Queen, featured performances by Karen Dunbar, John Barrowman, Amy Macdonald, Susan Boyle, Nicola Benedetti, Julie Fowlis, Pumeza Matshikiza, Billy Connolly, Rod Stewart and James McAvoy, as well as a pre-recorded video messages from the crew of the International Space Station and Ewan McGregor, Nicole Scherzinger and Sachin Tendulkar.
One innovative highlight of the Opening Ceremony 'activated' the partnership between Glasgow 2014 and UNICEF. A live international appeal on the night saw the team raise over $8m for the UNICEF Children of the Commonwealth fund.
In interviews recorded after the Games, Zolkwer attributed much of the success of the Glasgow ceremonies to the warm collaborative partnership established with Dr Bridget McConnell, CEO of Glasgow Life, and David Grevemberg who was the CEO of Glasgow 2014, as well as the Glasgow City Council leadership.
Zolkwer served as creative and production consultant to the Georgian Chamber of Culture for the Opening Ceremony of the Tbilisi 2015 European Youth Olympic Festival
In December 2015 Zolkwer was appointed project and artistic director of the Ceremonies of the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games - the fourth of the last five Commonwealth Games for which Zolkwer has delivered the ceremonies. His work on the Gold Coast Ceremonies saw him connect with, commission and curate over 40 local and national cultural and creative companies and organisations including respected 'national treasures' such as The Queensland Symphony Orchestra (Brisbane), Queensland Ballet (Brisbane), Bangarra Dance Theatre (Sydney), Dance North (Townsville) and the Yugambeh Museum. The following day the headline on the front page of the Gold Coast Bulletin declared "Now that's an opening! The Commonwealth Games opening ceremony at Carrara Stadium last night was as fair dinky Australian as it gets. In an opening welcome reminiscent of Crocodile Dundee, the celebration was a bottler, ridgy-dodge - a little ripper...as millions of people watching worldwide fell in love with Australia".
The Courier-Mail said, "The Gold Coast finally welcomed the world to its biggest ever party with a dazzling Commonwealth Games opening ceremony".The New Daily said the opening ceremony had "wowed" the fans on the Gold Coast.The West Australiansaid that the "Spirits gone high" in the Gold Coast after the opening ceremony. The SBS called the ceremony as "dazzling" and the ABC said that the opening ceremony had "signalled a great start for the 2018 Commonwealth Games".
Reaction was overwhelmingly positive. The BBC said the 2018 Commonwealth Games started with a "colourful" and "spectacular" opening ceremony. The London Evening Standard said the Games began with a "spectacular opening ceremony paying tribute to region's Aboriginal history."The Daily Telegraph reported "Gold Coast Commonwealth Games began with every symbol of Australiana".
The Firstpost said, "Opening ceremony of Commonwealth Games 2018 celebrates indigenous culture, beaches and diversity".The Times of India commented, "What a spectacular welcome Gold Coast has given to the participating teams!".The Hindu said "...the opening ceremony of the XXI Commonwealth Games on Wednesday night was painted with colour and gaiety....". They also commented "The pageant showcased the Australian tradition and culture in all its glory". The Courier Mail declared the Ceremony as a celebration of "the Gold Coast's coming of age".
(The launch of the Gold Coast 2018 Queen's Baton Relay from Buckingham Palace in 2017 was also the fourth such launch event Zolkwer had been responsible for after Melbourne 2006, Delhi 2010 and Glasgow 2014).
In 2019 Zolkwer worked as a production and creative consultant to the 'Moment Makers' team at Expo 2020 before being commissioned as Executive Producer and Creative Director for the Opening Ceremony of the Doha 2019 Arabian Gulf Cup and the inauguration of the new Education City Stadium during the FIFA Club World Cup.
In 2021 Zolkwer was the project director for COP26, The United Nations Climate Change Conference, in Glasgow UK – the largest event of its kind ever hosted by the UK Government.
Zolkwer directed Her Majesty The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant which was staged on 5 June 2022.
Corporate highlights (selected)
Zolkwer has worked on many major corporate brand events across the world and for clients across most sectors, including, in 2019, Emirates National Oil Company, (https://www.expo2020dubai.com/en/understanding-expo/participants/partner-pavilions/enoc) Expo 2020 and Porsche.
In 2006 Zolkwer led the team responsible for the creation of an event for 10,000 IBM employees in Bangalore, India. The event, attended by the President of India, was broadcast live by satellite to five other Indian cities.
Zolkwer also spearheaded the launch of telecommunications giant, Zain, first in the Middle-East in 2007 (simultaneous, satellite-linked events in Sudan, Bahrain, Kuwait and Jordan) and then, in 2008, across Africa (simultaneous, satellite-linked events in Burkina Faso, Chad, D.R.C., Gabon, Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Niger, Nigeria, Republic of Congo, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia).
Education
David Zolkwer attended the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He then studied theatre and English at Middlesex University, where he earned a first class honours degree.
Awards
David Zolkwer was awarded an honorary doctorate from London's Middlesex University "in recognition of his outstanding contribution to his profession and his community".
References
1964 births
Living people
Theatre people from Greater Manchester
Dorrit Willumsen (born 31 August 1940 in Nørrebro, Copenhagen) is a Danish writer. She made her literary debut in 1965 with the short story collection Knagen.
She was awarded the Danish Critics Prize for Literature in 1983. In 1995 she was awarded the Søren Gyldendal Prize. In 1997 she was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize for the novel Bang. En roman om Herman Bang. She married the playwright Jess Ørnsbo in 1963, and their son Tore Ørnsbo (1970-) is also a writer.
Works
1965 Knagen, short stories
1967 Stranden, novel
1968 Da, novel
1970 The, krydderi, acryl, salær, græshopper, novel
1973 Modellen Coppelia, short stories
1974 En værtindes smil
1976 Kontakter, poetry
1976 Neonhaven, novel
1978 Hvis det virkelig var en film, short stories
translated as If it Really Were a Film (1982)
1978 Den usynlige skønhed, poetry
1980 Danske fortællinger, short stories
1980 Manden som påskud
1982 Programmeret til kærlighed
1983 Umage par, poetry
1984 Marie: en novel om Marie Tussauds liv
translated by Patricia Crampton as Marie: a novel about the life of Madame Tussaud (1986)
1985 Caroline, play
1988 Suk hjerte, novel
1989 Glemslens forår, short stories
1995 Klædt i purpur, historical novel
1997 Bang. En roman om Herman Bang
1997 De kattens feriedage, humour
2000 Koras stemme, novel
2001 Tøs: et hundeliv
2003 Bruden fra Gent, novel
2005 Den dag jeg blev Honey
References
1940 births
Living people
Danish women short story writers
Nordic Council Literature Prize winners
Danish women novelists
Recipients of the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy
Writers from Copenhagen
20th-century Danish women writers
20th-century Danish novelists
20th-century Danish poets
21st-century Danish poets
21st-century Danish women writers
21st-century Danish novelists
Danish women poets
20th-century Danish short story writers
21st-century Danish short story writers
Pierre Robin sequence-faciodigital anomaly syndrome, also known as Chitayat Meunier Hodgkinson syndrome, is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by the signs typical of Pierre Robin sequence along with facial dysmorphisms and digital anomalies. Intellect is not affected. It is thought to be inherited in an X-linked recessive manner.
Signs and symptoms
This list comprises all the symptoms people with this disorder exhibit:
Retrognathism (belonging to Pierre Robin sequence)
Glossoptosis (belonging to Pierre Robin sequence)
Cleft palate (belonging to Pierre Robin sequence)
High forehead
Tapering fingers
Hyperconvex digital nails
Fifth finger clinodactyly
Distal brachyphalangy
Triphalangeal thumb
First metacarpophalangeal joints which subluxate easily
Epidemiology
Only 2 cases have been described in medical literature: two half-brothers from Quebec, Canada who shared the same mother, these brothers suffered from the symptoms mentioned above. The mother only had mild hyperopia. The fathers and the mother weren't related and both the mother and the children were of French-Canadian descent.
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
Erick All (born September 13, 2000) is an American football tight end for the Michigan Wolverines.
Early years
All was born in 2000 in Indiana. At age five months, he was trapped in his playpen on the second floor of a house fire at the family home in Richmond, Indiana. Firefighter Tom Broyles climbed a ladder and entered the smoke-filled bedroom and rescued All. All was not breathing at the time, but firefighters administered CPR, and All regained consciousness. During the 2021 season, All's family invited All's rescuer to meet All at a Michigan football game, and the two embraced.
All attended Fairfield High School in Fairfield, Ohio. As a senior, he caught 30 passes for 465 yards and four touchdowns. ESPN rated him as a three-star prospect and the No. 10 tight end in the Class of 2019, and the No. 18 prospect in Ohio.
University of Michigan
All verballly committed to play for the University of Michigan in the summer of 2018, then signed his letter of intent in December 2018. He enrolled early and impressed with his performance during spring practice.
As a freshman in 2019, All appeared in 11 games at tight end and on special teams. As a sophomore in 2020, he appeared in all six games and caught 12 passes for 82 yards. He received criticism after dropping several passes during the 2020 season.
As a junior in 2021, he caught 34 passes for 374 yards and two touchdowns. Against Michigan State, he caught 10 passes for 98 yards. Against Penn State, he fought through a high ankle sprain and caught the game-winning touchdown pass, a 47-yard strike with 3:29 remaining in the game.
References
External links
Michigan Wolverines bio
2000 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Michigan Wolverines football players
People from Fairfield, Ohio
Players of American football from Ohio
Pietro Marone (late 16th century) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance periods, mainly active in Brescia and Mantua.
He was the son of Pietro Marone the Elder, a painter who was the mentor of Francesco Giugno. Pietro the Younger was also the nephew of Andrea Marone, a Latin poet in the court of Pope Leo X. Pietro allegedly admired and followed the styles of or studied with Paolo Veronese and late-Titian and was known for having worked on scenes from the Iliad on the walls of the Palazzo Caprioli in contrada delle Grazie. In 1581, he painted with Tommaso Bona in San Pietro (Duomo Vecchio); in 1588, he worked in the sala del consiglio nel palazzo della Loggia, and in 1591, helped decorate some festive arches celebrating the visit of Cardinal Gianfrancesco Morosini on his return after serving as nuncio to France.
External links
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Brescia
Italian Renaissance painters
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The Nicholas-Zaretsky Church (Николо-Зарецкий храм) is a church in Tula in Russia. It contains the family vault of the Demidov family of industrialists. Its usual name is the Nicholas-Zaretsky Church, though it has held various others over time.
History
The church originated as two separate 17th century wooden churches on the site, replaced between 1730 and 1734 by a new double-nave church. Akinfiy Nikitich Demidov, son of Nikita Demidov, is considered to be the founder of the new church. It has several side chapels, with paintings of the Nativity, Saint Nicholas, Andrew the Apostle and Tikhon of Kaluga. In 1734 a new crypt chapel was built for burials of the Demidov family. A bell tower in the Yaroslava-Suzdal style was built near the church. In Soviet times the church was closed and used as a warehouse, though it is now back in use as a church.
External links
Russian Church
Diocese of Tula and Belevskoy
Churches in Tula Oblast
Baroque church buildings in Russia
1734 establishments in Europe
Russian Orthodox church buildings in Russia
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Tula Oblast
Macotasa biplagella is a moth of the family Erebidae. It is found on Borneo.
References
Lithosiina
Moths described in 1877
Tout Alizée (English: Everything Alizée) is the title of a compilation album released by French singer Alizée. The album was released to stores on 10 December 2007 in Mexico only, being a compilation released by Alizée's old music label Universal Music in an attempt to cash-in on her recent success in the country, the album was backed with a bonus DVD with some of her music videos.
Track listing
CD
"Moi... Lolita"
"Gourmandises"
"L'Alizé"
"J.B.G."
"Parler tout bas"
"J'en ai marre!"
"À contre-courant"
"Hey! Amigo!"
"Youpidou"
"Amélie m'a dit"
"J'ai pas vingt ans!"
"Moi... Lolita" (Lola Extended Remix)
"Moi... Lolita" (Hello Helli T'es A Dance Remix)
"I'm Fed Up!" (Bubbly Club Remix)
"J'en ai marre!" (Soft Skin Club Mix)
DVD
"Gourmandises"
"Moi... Lolita"
"Parler tout bas"
"J'ai pas vingt ans!"
"I'm Not Twenty"
"J'en ai marre!"
"I'm Fed Up!"
Documentary: Tubes D'un Jour
Charts
The album debuted at number sixty-two in the Mexican Top 100 Albums Chart, and number eighteen on the International Top 20 Albums Chart.
References
External links
Official website
2007 compilation albums
2007 video albums
Alizée albums
Music video compilation albums
Universal Records compilation albums
Universal Records video albums
Md Enayet Ullah is a retired Major General of Bangladesh Army. He was adjutant general at the Bangladesh Army Headquarters.
Early life and education
Enayet ullah was born on 7 January 1965 in Kurigram District, East Pakistan, Pakistan. He graduated from Rangpur Cadet College. He also graduated from PLA National Defence University and Defence Services Command and Staff College. He has a Masters in Defence Studies from the National University, Bangladesh. He completed an MBA from Royal University of Dhaka.
Career
Ullah was commissioned in the 12th Bangladesh Military Academy Long Course on 19 May 1985. He served as the Brigade Major of the 66th Artillery Brigade. He served as the General Staff Officer at the Army Training and Doctrine Command. He served in the United Nations Iraq–Kuwait Observation Mission and the United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor. He served as the Director in charge of the Administration and Logistics Directorate at the Armed Forces Division. He had served as the commandant of the Bangladesh Institute of Peace Support Operation Training.
Ullah was the commander of the 9 Artillery Brigade and 27 Field Regiment Artillery. He was the commandant of the Defence Services Command and Staff College. He was the chairman of Bangladesh Tea Board. He was the Vice-President of Bangladesh Golf Federation and the Kurmitola Golf Club. He was the Vice-Chairman of the Trust Bank Limited. On 20 February 2020, he was appointed the adjutant general at the Bangladesh Army Headquarters.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Army generals
1965 births
Wilhelmstein is an artificial island with an area of in lake Steinhuder Meer, located in the Hanover Region, Northern Germany. The island was created in the 18th century as a fortification by Count William of Schaumburg-Lippe, ruler of this small German state. Since then the island hosts the Festung Wilhelmstein, the Wilhelmstein Fortress. Today the island, close to Hagenburg, is a popular destination for tourists. It can be reached by so-called 'emigrants boats' from Steinhude and Mardorf.
See also
In 1772 the island was the base of the first German submarine, the Steinhude Pike.
External links
Official web site
Islands of Lower Saxony
Artificial islands of Germany
Lake islands of Germany
Steinhuder Meer
Wunstorf
Yasmin Rehman () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
She is sister of Muhammad Pervaiz Malik.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2002 Pakistani general election.
She was re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan People's Party politicians
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Smelt Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada. It is located at the south end of Cortes Island, and has twenty-two camping sites. Eight are reservable and the rest are first-come, first-served. There is also an overflow parking lot directly next to the beach for any excess campers.
References
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Cortes Island
Protected areas established in 1973
1973 establishments in British Columbia
Harriet van Ettekoven (born 6 January 1961 in Zandvoort, North Holland) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager. She also competed in the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
1961 births
Living people
People from Zandvoort
Dutch female rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from North Holland
21st-century Dutch women
20th-century Dutch women
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1557.
Events
May 4 – The Stationers' Company in the City of London, a printers' guild, receives a Royal Charter.
June 5 – The London publisher Richard Tottel produces Tottel's Miscellany ,the first printed anthology of English poetry, edited by himself and including first publication of original poems by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey (beheaded 1547) and Sir Thomas Wyatt (died 1542)
June 10 – The New Testament of the Geneva Bible, a Protestant Bible translation into English, supervised by William Whittingham and printed in Roman type, is published in Geneva.
New books
Prose
Thomas North – The Diall of Princes (translation from French version of Antonio de Guevara's Reloj de Principes, chiefly from Marcus Aurelius's Meditations)
Robert Recorde – The Whetstone of Witte
Hans Staden – (True history and description of wild, ferocious man-eaters in the New World of America)
, a version of The Three Princes of Serendip published by Michele Tramezzino, allegedly after an Italian translation by Cristoforo Armeno
Drama
Lodovico Dolce – Medea
Poetry
Giovanni Battista Giraldi – Ercole
Tottel's Miscellany
Births
February 15 – Alfonso Fontanelli, Italian composer and writer (died 1622)
Unknown date – Jean de Sponde, Basque French poet (died 1595)
Deaths
April 9 – Mikael Agricola, Finnish scholar (born c. 1510)
August 1 – Olaus Magnus, Swedish ecclesiastic and writer (born 1490)
September 13 – John Cheke, English classical scholar and statesman (born 1514)
October 20 – Jean Salmon Macrin, French poet (born 1490)
Unknown dates
Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés, Spanish historian (born 1478 in literature)
Nicolas de Herberay des Essarts, French translator (birth year unknown)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Bonymaen Broncos were a Welsh rugby league team that participated in the Rugby League Conference Welsh Championship. All home games were played at Bonymaen RFC.
Bonymaen Broncos were founded in 2011. The club played its first game on Saturday 21 May 2011, when they played hosts to Neath Port Talbot Steelers. Broncos won the RLC Welsh Championship in their inaugural season.
All of the team are members of the Bonymaen RFC Union team who play in division 1 West. The Broncos were created by brothers Ian and Richard Brooks who are also the teams coaches and Manager alongside club Secretary Stuart Williams. In their first season they were undefeated in all games and had 9 players represent the grand slam winning Wales Dragonhearts.
The Broncos also have a junior team founded at the same time who play at under 14 level. Nicknamed 'The Baby Broncos' they won 3 out of their 7 games in their opening season.
In their opening season the Broncos were most memorably known for their celebration of..... 'The Chalky Dance'. Perfected by almost every member of the team. Top try scorer was rugby debutant Chris Stokes who led by example picking up Player of the year, Players player of the year, Clubman of the year, Most improved player of the year and Most promising player of the year.
The broncos go in search of more silverware in the summer of 2012 when they move up to the Premier division.
Club honours
RLC Welsh Championship: 2011
South Wales Premiership: 2012
Current squad
See also
List of rugby league clubs in Britain
References
External links
2011 establishments in Wales
Rugby clubs established in 2011
Welsh rugby league teams
Rugby League Conference teams
Albert IV of Austria (19 September 1377 – 14 September 1404) was a Duke of Austria.
Biography
He was born in Vienna, the son of Albert III of Austria and Beatrix of Nuremberg. He was the Duke of Austria from 1395 until 1404, which then included roughly today's Lower Austria and most Upper Austria, as the other Habsburg dominions were at that time ruled by his relatives of the Leopoldinian Line of the family. Albert's rule was characterized by quarrels with that part of his family and with members of the Luxemburg dynasty, Wenceslaus and Sigismund.
Albert died at Klosterneuburg, Lower Austria, in 1404. He is buried in the Ducal Crypt in the Stephansdom in Vienna. He was succeeded by his son Albert. Through his maternal grandmother, Elisabeth of Meissen, Albert IV descended from Babenberg dukes of Austria.
Family and children
He was married in Vienna 24 April 1390 to Joanna Sophia of Bavaria, daughter of Albrecht I, Duke of Bavaria-Straubing and Margarete of Brieg. Their children were:
Margarete (26 June 1395, Vienna–24 December 1447), married in Landshut 25 November 1412 to Duke Henry XVI of Bavaria.
Albert V (16 August 1397–27 October 1439, Neszmély, Hungary).
Ancestors
References
Sources
External links
Albert IV of Austria
Albert IV of Austria
14th-century dukes of Austria
15th-century dukes of Austria
Austrian people of German descent
Austrian people of Polish descent
Austrian people of French descent
Medieval Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
Burials at St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna
Nils Fredrik Severin Thambs (1814-1885) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1859, representing the constituency of Stavanger. He worked as an attorney in that city. He sat one term.
On the local level he was mayor of Stavanger from 1852 to 1859.
References
1814 births
1885 deaths
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Stavanger
Mayors of places in Rogaland
Ayame may refer to:
Ayame (given name)
Ayame (train), a train service in Japan
Ayamé, Côte d'Ivoire
LPG/C Ayame, a gas carrier ship
Ayame, a Japanese common name for the plant Iris sanguinea
See also
Ayane (disambiguation)
The is a railway line in Japan operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West). The line connects in Matsue, Shimane with in Shōbara, Hiroshima.
Stations
Rolling stock
KiHa 120 series DMUs
History
The line opened on 18 December 1932, operating between and . This was extended northward to on 1 August 1934, and southward to Yakawa on 20 November 1934, with the entire line between Shinji and Bingo Ochiai completed on 12 December 1937, including a switch-back at Izumo Sakane.
With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the line was transferred to the control of JR West.
See also
List of railway lines in Japan
References
Rail transport in Shimane Prefecture
Rail transport in Hiroshima Prefecture
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
Railway lines opened in 1932
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Railways with Zig Zags
A pseudounipolar neuron is a type of neuron which has one extension from its cell body. This type of neuron contains an axon that has split into two branches; one branch travels to the peripheral nervous system and the other to the central nervous system. A single process arises from the cell body and then divides into an axon and a dendrite. They develop embryologically as bipolar in shape, and are thus termed pseudounipolar instead of unipolar.
Structure
A pseudounipolar neuron has one axon that projects from the cell body for relatively a very short distance, before splitting into two branches — one that extends to the central nervous system, and the other that extends to the peripheral nervous system. Pseudounipolar neurons are sensory neurons that have no dendrites, the branched axon serving both functions. The peripheral branch extends from the cell body to organs in the periphery including skin, joints and muscles, and the central branch extends from the cell body to the spinal cord.
In the dorsal root ganglia
The cell body of a pseudounipolar neuron is located within a dorsal root ganglion. The axon leaves the cell body (and out of the dorsal root ganglion) into the dorsal root, where it splits into two branches. The central branch goes to the dorsal columns of the spinal cord, where it forms synapses with other neurons. The peripheral branch travels through the distal dorsal root into the spinal nerve all the way until skin, joint, and muscle.
In most sensory ganglia of cranial nerves
Pseudounipolar neurons are found in the sensory ganglia of most cranial nerves.
Specifically the:
trigeminal ganglion
geniculate ganglion
superior ganglion of the glossopharyngeal nerve
inferior ganglion of the glossopharyngeal nerve
superior ganglion of the vagus nerve
inferior ganglion of the vagus nerve
Pseudounipolar neurons in cranial nerve sensory ganglia synapse in the main sensory trigeminal nucleus, spinal trigeminal nucleus or solitary nucleus.
While the vestibulocochlear nerve has two ganglia associated with it (spiral ganglion and vestibular ganglion), both contain bipolar neurons, not pseudounipolar.
In the mesencephalic nucleus
The mesencephalic nucleus is made up of pseudounipolar neurons which migrated into the brainstem during embryological development. It is the only location in the central nervous system where the cell bodies of pseudounipolar neurons are found.
Function
All pseudounipolar neurons are sensory neurons. The ones found in the dorsal root ganglia, and the majority of those in cranial nerve sensory ganglia carry information about touch, vibration, proprioception, pain and temperature.
Pseudounipolar neurons in the geniculate ganglion, inferior ganglion of the glossopharyngeal nerve and inferior ganglion of the vagus nerve also carry information about taste from taste buds.
Some of the pseudounipolar neurons in the inferior ganglion of the glossopharyngeal nerve carry information from the carotid body and carotid sinus.
The pseudounipolar neurons in the mesencephalic nucleus carry proprioceptive information from the muscle of mastication.
See also
Bipolar neuron
Multipolar neuron
Unipolar neuron
References
Afferent neurons
Ricardo Villagran (born 1938 in Corrientes) is an Argentine illustrator known for his work in the American comic book industry.
Biography
Early life and education
Villagran was born in the small northern city of Corrientes in 1938. Drawing being his all-consuming interest since the age of four, it was considered only reasonable that after high school he attends Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in Buenos Aires. Villagran began taking freelance art assignments for various advertising companies, printers and comic publishers while still attending college. He even continued to do art assignments during his compulsory service in the Argentine Army.
Commercial illustration
After his discharge from the military, Villagran began working as a commercial artist and illustrator. His list of clients grew to include the majority of the larger advertising agencies and printing houses in Argentina. In 1969, Villagran began doing comic art for Editorial Columba (Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro, Lima, Caracas, Asunción, Montevideo, Santiago) Codex Ediciones, Guisa (Spain), Eura (Rome), and Fleetway (London).
Villagran was elected the vice president of the Association de Dibujantes in 1970 and co-founded the Association de Illustradores. In 1974 Villagran opened his own art studio in Buenos Aires called Nippur Quatro, along with his two brothers Enrique and Carlos.
American comics
In 1982, Villagran traveled to the United States, to establish contacts in the comics publishing industry to obtain work for his studio. His contacts brought him work from American comic publishers such as DC Comics, Marvel Comics, Archie Comics, Comico Comics, First Comics, and Dark Horse Comics. In 1983 he met Chuck Dixon at a convention, which brought Villagran to eventually ink the Evangeline comic. Villagran also acted as a liaison for other artists from his home country and introduced Dixon and illustrator/comic artist Judith Hunt to fellow Argentine Jorge Zaffino. Between 1984–1987 Villagran and his studio worked with Hunt on various comic and commercial art projects; also joining her art studio, Off the Wall Studios, located in Media, Pennsylvania, for a short time. When Hunt discontinued illustrating comics and representing artists to pursue her own career in children's publishing and license character development, Villagran continued to work in American comics with Mike Manley, a former cartoonist employed by Off the Wall Studios.
Exhibitions
Villagran's work can be seen at many conventions in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, San Diego, and Detroit. Exhibitions of his work have included Museo del Prado (Madrid), Municipal De Exhibiciones (Buenos Aires), Museo de Armas, and Secretaria de Turismo.
References
External links
Villagran's collaborative work with Judith Hunt on Evangeline
Living people
1938 births
The Line 1, Blue Line, also known as North–South Metro of the Kolkata Metro, is a rapid transit system serving South 24 Parganas, Kolkata and North 24 Parganas in Indian state of West Bengal. It consists of 26 operational stations from Dakshineswar to Kavi Subhash, of which 9 are elevated, 2 are at grade and the remaining 15 are underground with a total distance of 31.3 km. The line connects Dakshineswar and New Garia and uses broad gauge rolling stock. Dakshineswar was opened on 22 February 2021 and is elevated and is located north of Noapara . It was the first underground railway to be built in India, with the first operations commencing in October 1984 and the full stretch that was initially planned being operational by February 1995. On 28 December 2010, it became the 17th zone of the Indian Railways. Being the country's first, and a completely indigenous process, the construction of the Kolkata Metro was more of a trial-and-error affair, in contrast to the Delhi Metro, which has seen the involvement of numerous international consultants. As a result, it took nearly 23 years to completely construct around 15 km underground railway from Birpara up to Tollygunge Metro Station.
Public transport experts have suggested that the line be extended from Dakshineswar to Bally (where it can connect with local trains of the Howrah division of Eastern Railway) and eventually to Dankuni, an emerging industrial city.
History
The laying of the founding stone was done in 1972, but actual construction of line 1 started only in 1978. Line 1 is 31.38 km long with 26 stations (see above). Running of the first metro car on the line by 1984 was considered a great engineering challenge. Former railways minister A. B. A. Ghani Khan Chowdhury took a massive effort to perform it. The first section opened between Esplanade & Bhawanipore (now called Netaji Bhawan). First day Metro Railway Kolkata was started by Sri Tapan Kumar Nath and Sri Sanjay Sil. There were no connections of this stretch with the two depots at Dum Dum & Tollygunge (Now called Mahanayak Uttam Kumar). So metro cars had to be put down on the track near Esplanade by crane, by directly digging the road surface. Initially, only four-car trains were run until 1986. There were no magnetic gates or escalators at that time and ordinary revolving gates served as exits. The Metro too operated on only a single line. Two years later, line 1 extended up to Tollygunge, at the southern end. At the same time, the metro service was extended to the double line. Magnetic tickets and more entry gates were also introduced at that time. The number of compartments in each train was increased to eight.
Metro service was also started from Dum Dum, at the northern end, to Belgachia in parallel with the extension of the line to the south. But this short portion was not popular and the service was closed down to be restarted when the entire stretch along the north–south corridor was completed.
After 1986 many political incidents hampered the construction, and work almost stopped for nearly six years. After restarting work, the Dum Dum to Shyambazar metro service was started in 1994. This portion was served by four-car trains. Two months later, the Esplanade – Chandni Chowk section was opened and Chandni Chowk – Central section opened three months later. The service from Dum Dum to Tollygunge started in 1995, with Mahatma Gandhi Road metro station, opening in 1996. During this time, more magnetic gates and escalators were added and the revolving gates were slowly phased out.
In 2009, a large number of stations on Line 1 were renamed by then Minister of Railways Mamata Banerjee.
On 22 February 2021, the Noapara – Dakshineswar stretch was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Timeline
The following dates represent the dates the section opened to the public, not the private inauguration.
List of stations (North to South)
The stations of these Corridors are:
Alignment & interchanges
Dakshineswar, Baranagar, Dum Dum, Park Street, Mahanayak Uttam Kumar, Netaji, Masterda Surya Sen, Gitanjali, Kavi Nazrul, Shahid Khudiram and Kavi Subhash have side platforms; all other stations have island platforms. Central and Noapara are exceptions as they have both platforms on the sides and in the centre. Dakshineswar, Baranagar, Dum Dum, Rabindra Sarovar & Kavi Subhash have connections to interchange with Kolkata Suburban Railway. Shyambazar, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Esplanade, Kalighat, Rabindra Sarobar & Mahanayak Uttam Kumar stations have connections to the tram network. EM Bypass can be accessed from the Shahid Khudiram metro station and Kavi Subhash metro station.
Extension up to New Garia (2010)
Mamata Banerjee during her first tenure as the railway minister initiated the project of Tollygunge – Garia metro extension. During her second tenure (2009–2011) she inaugurated the extension, and also introduced new Air Conditioned rakes, manufactured indigenously at the Integral Coach Factory.
The new extension to Garia Bazar in the south opened to the public on 23 August 2009. The Garia Bazar station was named after Kavi Nazrul. A final extension, in the southern end, from Kavi Nazrul (Garia Bazar) to Kavi Subhash (New Garia) was inaugurated on 7 October 2010, bringing the total number of stations to 23. On the same day, two Air-Conditioned rakes were also pressed into service.
Extension up to Noapara (2013) and Dakshineswar (2021)
The line was extended up to Noapara from Dum Dum on 10 July 2013. The line was further extended from Noapara to Dakshineswar (4.1 km) is now complete & operational. It will be met by a metro line from Barrackpore at Baranagar (12.5 km). Trial runs for this stretch started on 23 December 2020, after delay due to COVID-19 pandemic. The stretch was inaugurated on 22 February 2021 & commercial operations began from the following day.
The stations on this stretch are :
Noapara
Baranagar
Dakshineswar
Features
Technical features
Metro construction is of a very complex nature requiring the application of several new technologies in the fields of civil, electrical, signaling and telecommunication engineering. Indian engineers backed by their own experience and supplemented by their studies abroad adopted advanced technologies in the following fields for the first time in India.
Cut and cover method of construction using diaphragm walls and sheet piles.
Use of extensive decking to keep the traffic flowing over the cut while construction is in progress underneath.
Shield tunneling using compressed air and airlocks.
Ballastless track using elastic fastenings, rubber pads, epoxy mortar and nylon inserts.
Air-conditioning and ventilation system for environmental control of stations and tunnels.
Third Rail current collection system for traction.
Underground substations with dry-type transformers and SF6 circuit breakers.
Tunnel-Train VHF-radio communication system.
Microprocessor-based train control and supervisory remote control system for substations.
Automatic ticket vending and checking system.
Salient features
Rolling stock
The whole fleet is vestibuled. Carbodies and mechanical components were made by ICF with electrical components made by NGEF, Bangalore. The fleet is unique in that it is the only railroad equipment in India with end-mounted cab doors (except for some of the WAG-6 series locomotives).
ICF has specifically designed, manufactured and supplied these cars for the first underground railway system. The special features incorporated are:
Traction power supply through third rail current collection system.
Automatic door opening/closing and continuous monitoring of the transit.
Automatic Train Stop (ATS) system which will automatically apply the brakes in case of human failure.
Automatic train operation (ATO) with the driver acting as the train supervisor (optional).
A public address system is provided on the trains to announce approaching stations. A central dispatcher can contact any of the train crew and also make important announcements directly to passengers over the system.
With all these features, the design and manufacturing process of these cars to a very high standard of reliability and safety has been a challenge. This was achieved without any technical collaboration.
Reservation for women
In 2008, the Kolkata Metro Railway experimented with the practice of reserving two entire compartments for women.
This system was found to be ineffective and caused inconvenience for a lot of commuters (including women) and the plan was eventually dropped by the metro authority. But a certain section of seats in each of the eight compartments is reserved for women.
Problems with this line
The founder of Delhi Metro, E. Sreedharan said Indian Railways are not experts at urban transport, and misplanned the Kolkata metro from the beginning. A private company should run the metro and can bring it up to standard in five years.
Since Kolkata Metro is under Indian Railways, it can't take its own independent decisions. It has to rely on Indian Railways for everything (like rakes etc.). The rakes are ordered directly from ICF without floating any global tenders. And ICF being inexperienced in manufacturing metro rakes, has delivered faulty rakes. Thus causing snags and accidents.
See also
List of Kolkata metro stations
Kolkata Metro Rolling Stock
Trams in Kolkata
Kolkata Suburban Railway
References
External links
Old Official Website for line 1
New Official Website for all lines
Kolkata Metro lines
Kolkata Metro
Khwaja Abu Nasr Parsa (died 1461) was a 15th-century Sufi of the Naqshbandi order from the city of Balkh.
References
Sources
Akbarian Sufis
People from Balkh
Naqshbandi order
1461 deaths
Year of birth unknown
The 2015 European Cup Winter Throwing was held on 14 and 15 March at the Centro Nacional de Lançamentos (National Throws Centre) and Estádio Municipal in Leiria, Portugal. It was the fifteenth edition of the athletics competition for throwing events and was jointly organised by the European Athletic Association and the Federação Portuguesa de Atletismo. The competition featured men's and women's contests in shot put, discus throw, javelin throw and hammer throw. In addition to the senior competitions, there were also under-23 events for younger athletes. Leiria repeated as host, becoming the first place to do so in tournament history.
During the competition the results were provided on a live mode, using Lap2Go technology
Medal summary
Senior
Under-23
Medal and points table
Key
References
Results
15th European Cup Winter Throwing, Estadio Municipal Dr. Magalhães Pessoa Leiria POR 14 - 15 March. European Athletics. Retrieved on 2015-03-28.
External links
Official website
European Throwing Cup
European Cup Winter Throwing
Winter Throwing
International athletics competitions hosted by Portugal
Sport in Leiria
Zemire en Azor is a 1784 semi-opera, a musical play "with spectacles and a ballet" by Bartholomeus Ruloffs. It is one of the most successful attempts to create a Dutch-language opera in the 18th Century. Zemire en Azor was, for its time, a box-office success, with thirteen performances. Ruloffs composed new music to a Dutch libretto, which had been translated from French.
References
Dutch-language operas
1784 operas
Joseph "Joe" Hagerty (born April 19, 1982 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American artistic gymnast. He is the 2008 U.S. national champion on the horizontal bar and the 2008 all-around bronze medalist. He was a member of the bronze medal-winning 2008 U.S. Olympic team.
A native of Rio Rancho, New Mexico, Hagerty was coached by Ed Burch, owner of Gold Cup Gymnastics in Albuquerque, NM. Hagerty trained at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
In March 2011, Hagerty announced his retirement from gymnastics.
He is now currently performing as one of the Tumble Monkeys in the Festival of the Lion King at Disney's Animal Kingdom in Walt Disney World.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
American male artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2007 Pan American Games
Gymnasts at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Albuquerque, New Mexico
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in gymnastics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
Trichodesmium, also called sea sawdust, is a genus of filamentous cyanobacteria. They are found in nutrient poor tropical and subtropical ocean waters (particularly around Australia and in the Red Sea, where they were first described by Captain Cook). Trichodesmium is a diazotroph; that is, it fixes atmospheric nitrogen into ammonium, a nutrient used by other organisms. Trichodesmium is thought to fix nitrogen on such a scale that it accounts for almost half of the nitrogen fixation in marine systems globally. Trichodesmium is the only known diazotroph able to fix nitrogen in daylight under aerobic conditions without the use of heterocysts.
Trichodesmium can live as individual filaments, with tens to hundreds of cells strung together, or in colonies consisting of tens to hundreds of filaments clustered together. These colonies are visible to the naked eye and sometimes form blooms, which can be extensive on surface waters. These large blooms led to widespread recognition as "sea sawdust/straw"; in fact, the Red Sea gets most of its eponymous colouration from the corresponding pigment in Trichodesmium erythraeum. Colonies of Trichodesmium provide a pseudobenthic substrate for many small oceanic organisms including bacteria, diatoms, dinoflagellates, protozoa, and copepods (which are its primary predator); in this way, the genus can support complex microenvironments.
Species
Trichodesmium erythraeum – described by Ehrenberg in 1830. T. erythraeum is the species responsible for discoloring the Red Sea during blooms. This is the only sequenced genome in the genus thus far and is the focus of most laboratory studies (Trichodesmium IMS 101).
Trichodesmium thiebautii – Described by Gomont in 1892.
Trichodesmium hildebrantii – Described by Gomont in 1892.
Trichodesmium contortum – Described by Wille in 1904.
Trichodesmium tenue – Described by Wille in 1904.
Trichodesmium radians – Described by Wille in 1904.
Cell structure
Like most cyanobacteria, Trichodesmium has a gram negative cell wall. However, unlike other aerobic diazotrophs, heterocysts (structures found in cyanobacteria which protect nitrogenase from oxygenation) are lacking in Trichodesmium. This is a unique characteristic among aerobic diazotrophs which fix nitrogen in daylight. Photosynthesis occurs using phycoerythrin - light-harvesting phycobiliprotein which is normally found within heterocysts in other diazotrophs.
Instead of having localized stacks of thylakoids, Trichodesmium has unstacked thylakoids found throughout the cell. Trichodesmium is highly vacuolated and the content and size of the vacuoles shows diurnal variation. Large gas vesicles (either along the periphery as seen in T. erythaeum or found distributed throughout the cell as seen in T. thiebautii) allow Trichodesmium to regulate buoyancy in the water column. These gas vesicles can withstand high pressure, presumably those up to 100 – 200 m in the water column, allowing Trichodesmium to move vertically through the water column harvesting nutrients.
Nitrogen-fixation
N2 is the most abundant chemical in the atmosphere. However, diatomic nitrogen is not usable for most biological processes. Nitrogen fixation is the process of converting atmospheric diatomic nitrogen into biologically usable forms of nitrogen such as ammonium and nitrogen oxides. This process requires a substantial amount of energy (in the form of ATP) in order to break the triple bond between the nitrogen atoms.
Trichodesmium is the major diazotroph in marine pelagic systems and is an important source of "new" nitrogen in the nutrient poor waters it inhabits. It has been estimated that the global input of nitrogen fixation by Trichodesmium is approximately 60-80 Tg (megatonnes or 1012 grams) N per year. Nitrogen fixation in Trichodesmium is unique among diazotrophs because the process occurs concurrently with oxygen production (via photosynthesis). In other cyanobacteria, N2 and CO2 reduction are separated either in space (using heterocysts to protect the sensitive nitrogenase enzyme from oxygen) or time. However, Trichodesmium lacks heterocysts and nitrogen fixation peaks during daylight hours (following a diel flux initiated in the morning, reaching a maximum fixation rate midday, and ceasing activity at night). Since the first realization of this enigma, Trichodesmium has been the focus of many studies to try and discover how nitrogen fixation is able to occur in the presence of oxygen production without any apparent structure separating the two processes.
Inhibitor studies even revealed that photosystem II activity is essential for nitrogen fixation in this organism. All this may seem contradictory at first glance, because the enzyme responsible for nitrogen fixation, nitrogenase, is irreversibly inhibited by oxygen. However, Trichodesmium utilises photosynthesis for nitrogen fixation by carrying out the Mehler reaction, during which the oxygen produced by PSII is reduced again after PSI. This regulation of photosynthesis for nitrogen fixation involves rapidly reversible coupling of their light-harvesting antenna, the phycobilisomes, with PSI and PSII.
Ecology
Trichodesmium is found in oligotrophic waters, often when waters are calm and the mixed layer depth is shallow (around 100 m).
Trichodesmium is found primarily in water between 20 and 34 °C and is frequently encountered in tropical and sub-tropical oceans in western boundary currents. Its presence is more pronounced in nitrogen poor water and can easily be seen when blooms form, trapping large Trichodesmium colonies at the surface.
As a diazotroph, Trichodesmium contributes a large portion of the marine ecosystem's new nitrogen, estimated to produce between 60 and 80 Tg of nitrogen per year. Nitrogen fixed by Trichodesmium can either be used directly by the cell, enter the food chain through grazers, be released into dissolved pools, or get exported to the deep sea.
Compared to eukaryotic phytoplankton, Trichodesmium has a slow growth rate, which has been hypothesized to be an adaptation to survival in high energy but low nutrient conditions of oligotrophic waters. Growth rate is limited by iron and phosphate concentrations in the water. In order to obtain these limiting nutrients, Trichodesmium is able to regulate buoyancy using its gas vacuole and move vertically throughout the water column, harvesting nutrients.
Colonies
Various species of Trichodesmium have been described based on morphology and structure of colonies formed. Colonies may consist of aggregates of several to several hundred trichomes and form fusiform (called "Tufts") colonies when aligned in parallel, or spherical (called "Puffs") colonies when aligned radially.
Trichodesmium colonies have been shown to have large degree of associations with other organisms, including bacteria, fungi, diatoms, copepods, tunicates, hydrozoans, and protozoans among other groups. These colonies may provide a source of shelter, buoyancy, and possibly food in the surface waters. Most of these associations appear to be commensal, with the Trichodesmium providing substrate and nutrition while deriving no obvious benefit from the organisms dwelling within the colonies.
Blooms
Trichodesmium forms large, visible blooms in the surface waters. Blooms have been described in the Baltic Sea, the Red Sea, the Caribbean Sea, the Indian Ocean, the North and South Atlantic and the North Pacific, and off the coast of Australia. One of the earliest blooms was described by E. Dupont in the Red Sea, noticed for turning the surface of the water a reddish color. This bloom was said to extend about 256 nautical miles. Most blooms are several kilometers long and last one to several months. Blooms can form in coastal or oceanic waters, most frequently when the water has been still for some time and surface temperatures exceed 27 °C.
Trichodesmium blooms release carbon, nitrogen and other nutrients into the environment. Some species of Trichodesmium have been shown to release toxins which cause mortalities in some copepods, fish, and oysters. Blooms have also been credited with releasing the toxin which causes clupeotoxism in humans after ingesting fish which have bioaccumulated the toxin during Trichodesmium blooms. The larger impact of these blooms is likely important to the oceanic ecosystem and is the source of many studies. Blooms are traced and tracked using satellite imaging where the highly reflective gas vacuole makes Trichodesmium blooms easily detectable.
It is expected that blooms may increase due to anthropogenic effects in the coming years. Phosphate loading of the environment (through fertilizer pollution, waste disposal, and mariculture) will reduce the growth constraints associated with limited phosphate and likely increase bloom occurrences. Likewise, global warming is projected to increase stratification and cause a shallowing of the mixed layer depth. Both of these factors are associated with Trichodesmium blooms and may also cause an increase in the occurrence of blooms in the future.
References
Bibliography
Kana, T.M. (1993) Rapid oxygen cycling in Trichodesmium thiebautii. Limnology and Oceanography 38: 18–24.
Berman-Frank, I., Lundgren, P., Chen, Y.-B., Küpper, H., Kolber, Z., Bergman, B., and Falkowski, P. (2001) Segregation of nitrogen fixation and oxygenic photosynthesis in the marine cyanobacterium Trichodesmium. Science 294: 1534–1537.
Küpper, H., Ferimazova, N., Šetlík, I., and Berman-Frank, I. (2004) Traffic lights in Trichodesmium: regulation of photosynthesis for nitrogen fixation studied by chlorophyll fluorescence kinetic microscopy. Plant Physiology 135: 2120–2133.
Capone, D.G., Zehr, J., Paerl, H., Bergman, B., and Carpenter, E.J. (1997) Trichodesmium: A globally significant marine cyanobacterium. Science 276: 1221–1229.
External links
Publications on Trichodesmium from a Marine Biogeochemistry laboratory at the University of Southern California
Charles Darwin's description of sailing through a Trichodesmium bloom
Trichodesmium in Florida — 2004, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission Fish and Wildlife Research Institute
Cyanobacteria genera
Oscillatoriales
The Catholic Church in Somalia is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome.
Overview
There are very few Catholics in Somalia, with only about one hundred practitioners as of 2004.
The whole of the country forms a single diocese, the Diocese of Mogadishu. During the pre-independence period, there were, at its peak in 1950, 8,500 Catholics in the Diocese of Mogadishu (0.7% of the nation's population), almost all of whom were expatriate Italians.
History
Catholicism was introduced in Italian Somaliland in the late 19th century. Initially, it was only practiced by the few Italian immigrants in Mogadishu and the Shebelle River farmer areas, thanks to some missionaries of the Trinitarian Fathers.
In 1895, the first 45 Bantu slaves were freed by the Italian colonial authorities under the administration of the chartered Catholic company Filonardi. The former were later converted to Catholicism. Massive emancipation and conversion of slaves in Somalia only began after the anti-slavery activist Luigi Robecchi Bricchetti informed the Italian public about the local slave trade and the indifferent attitude of the Italian colonial government toward it.
After obtaining Jubaland from the British, the Italian colonial administration gave land to Italian settlers for the production of cash crops that would then be exported to Italy. Requiring labor to work these plantations, the Italian authorities attempted to recruit Bantu ex-slaves, singling out the latter community for this purpose. However, the Italians soon also had to resort to forced labor (essentially slavery) when they found that volunteers, many of whom found it more profitable to work as free yeoman, were not forthcoming. This forced labor came from the Bantu populations that were settled along the Shebelle River, and not from the nomadic Somalis.
Slavery in southern Somalia lasted until early into the 20th century, when it was finally abolished by the Italian authorities in accordance with the Belgium protocol and with the Diocese of Mogadishu.
After World War I, many Bantus, the descendants of former slaves, became Catholics. They were principally concentrated in the Villaggio Duca degli Abruzzi and Genale plantations.
In 1928, a Catholic cathedral was built in Mogadishu by order of Cesare Maria De Vecchi, a catholic governor of "Somalia italiana" who promoted the "Missionari della Consolata" christianization of Somali people. The cathedral, the biggest in Africa in the 1920s and 1930s, was later destroyed during the civil war of the 1990s.
The Bishop of Mogadishu Franco Filippini declared in 1940 that there were about 40,000 Somali Catholics due to the work of missionaries in the rural regions of Juba and Shebelle, but WWII damaged in an irreversibly way most of the catholic missions in Italian Somalia. Most were somali Bantu, but some thousands were illegitimate sons of Italian soldiers and somali girls (who received Italian citizenship when baptized).
In the 1950s Indro Montanelli wrote on Il Borghese that Italian Mogadishu in 1942 after the arrival of the British was an African capital where most of the inhabitants were Catholics: he indicated that of the 90,000 inhabitants more than 40,000 were Italians, while inside the 50,000 Somalis there were nearly 7,000 Catholics (including the many illegitimate sons of Italian soldiers and Somali native girls who were baptized in order to get Italian identification). From this he concluded that nearly 3 out of 5 Mogadiscio inhabitants were Catholics.
Since the end of the colonial period and the departure of the Italians, Catholicism has experienced a nearly complete disappearance in Somalia. The Diocese of Mogadishu estimated that there were only 100 Catholics in Somalia in 2004, down from 8,500 practitioners in 1950 during the height of the colonial period.
See also
Catholic Church in Somaliland
Christianity in Somalia
Italian Somalis
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio
Notes
Bibliography
Ceci, Lucia. Il Vessillo e la Croce - Colonialismo, missioni cattoliche e islam in Somalia (1903-1924)Carocci editore. Roma, 2006 ()
Gresleri, G. Mogadiscio ed il Paese dei Somali: una identita negata. Marsilio editori. Venezia, 1993
Tripodi, Paolo. The Colonial Legacy in Somalia. St. Martin's Press. New York, 1999.
External links
Catholic Mission Somalia Blog
Kitaab Tukasho: Somali Catholic Prayer Book
Somalia
Somalia
Keçili is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Boğazköy is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Lisa Christine Schuster (born 28 May 1987) is a German ice hockey player for OSC Berlin and the German national team. She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
International career
Schuster was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. She recorded one assist.
Schuster also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics, and the 2010 Olympics
As of 2014, Schuster has also appeared for Germany at four IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2008.
Career statistics
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
Sports-Reference Profile
1987 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Ice hockey people from Berlin
German women's ice hockey forwards
The Roman Catholic Church in Lesotho is composed of 1 ecclesiastical province and 3 suffragan dioceses.
List of Roman Catholic dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Lesotho
Ecclesiastical Province of Maseru
Archdiocese of Maseru
Diocese of Mohale's Hoek
Diocese of Qacha's Nek
Diocese of Leribe
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Lesotho
Catholic dioceses
Vriesea ospinae is a plant species in the genus Vriesea. It is endemic to Colombia. Two varieties are recognized:
Vriesea ospinae var. gruberi H.Luther
Vriesea ospinae var. ospinae
Cultivars
Vriesea 'Espirito Santo'
References
ospinae
Endemic flora of Colombia
Plants described in 1983
Rudolf Tayerlé (1877–1942) was a Czechoslovak Social Democratic politician and trade union leader. In 1922 he was instrumental in expelling the communists from the Odborové sdružení českoslovanské. In 1942 he was elected vice-president of the International Federation of Trade Unions. Tayerlé was arrested shortly after the German invasion of Czechoslovakia. He died in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp.
References
1877 births
1942 deaths
Czechoslovak trade unionists
Czechoslovak politicians
People who died in Mauthausen concentration camp
Czech Social Democratic Party politicians
Politicians who died in Nazi concentration camps
Czechoslovak civilians killed in World War II
The Kalamazoo Psychiatric Hospital (KRPH) is the largest mental health institution in Michigan. It was built under the Kirkbride Plan.
History
The Kalamazoo Regional Psychiatric Hospital officially opened on 29 August 1859 under the direction of Dr. Edwin Van Deusen, although three women patients had been admitted prior to that time. The first male patient was admitted in 1860. It was originally known as the 'Michigan Asylum for the Insane' and was renamed the 'Kalamazoo State Hospital' in 1911. Its name was changed to the 'Kalamazoo Regional Psychiatric Hospital' on 1 January 1978 and in July 1995 it assumed its present designation, the 'Kalamazoo Psychiatric Hospital'. Many local residents commonly referred it simply as the 'State Hospital'.
The facility has continuously expanded and now stretches almost along Oakland Drive, which was originally known as Asylum Avenue. It is bounded by Howard Street on the south, and by the campus of Western Michigan University on the north. Almost all the original and historic buildings have been demolished and new, modern ones have been built in their place. This includes the original hospital building, which originally was covered with vines and had a more pleasant appearance.
The water tower was designed by B.F. Stratton and was constructed in 1895 by contractor Benjamin Roe. It quickly became a local landmark and played prominently in the history of the city. In time, two working farms were opened for the care and rehabilitation of patients and were located about to the north and south of the main campus. Later, a former state tuberculosis sanatorium on Blakeslee was taken over by the hospital and utilized for the treatment and care of elderly patients.
Another landmark on the main campus is the 'gate cottage' situated near Oakland Drive at the entrance to the hospital grounds. The gatehouse is 'carpenter gothic' in style, featuring board and batten siding, a steep roof and 'gingerbread' ornamentation. The house had been furnished with Victorian furniture and now serves as a museum. When first built, it was used as the porter's residence and later housed 12 women patients for a time.
Malcolm X's mother, Louise Little, was committed to the Kalamazoo State Hospital in 1938 after suffering a nervous breakdown and was not released until 1963.
Cornelia B. Wilbur, an American psychiatrist and educator, was the first female medical student extern at the hospital.
See also
Kalamazoo State Hospital Water Tower
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1859
Psychiatric hospitals in Michigan
Kirkbride Plan hospitals
Buildings and structures in Kalamazoo, Michigan
Hospitals established in 1859
The 1992–93 Detroit Red Wings season was the Red Wings' 61st season, the franchise's 67th. During the 1992–93 season, the Red Wings qualified for the NHL playoffs.
Offseason
Regular season
In addition to leading all teams with most goals scored during the regular season (369), the Red Wings also scored the most power-play goals (113) and had the best power-play conversion percentage (24.89%). For the second consecutive season, five players reached 30-goals or more.
Season standings
Playoffs
In the Norris Division Semifinals series against the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Red Wings outscored the Leafs 30–24 through seven games but lost the deciding game in overtime on Nikolai Borschevsky's famous deflection goal. It was the second overtime loss for Detroit (both came at Joe Louis Arena) in the series.
Schedule and results
October
November
December
January
February
March
April
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Detroit qualified for the playoffs for the third consecutive season, where they lost their first round series against Toronto in seven games.
Draft picks
Detroit's draft picks at the 1992 NHL Entry Draft held at the Montreal Forum in Montreal, Quebec.
References
Red Wings on Hockey Database
Detroit
Detroit
Detroit Red Wings seasons
Detroit Red Wings
Detroit Red Wings
Julie Campbell may refer to:
Julie Campbell Tatham (1908–1999), pen name Julie Campbell, American writer of children's novels
Julie Campbell (vascular biologist) (born 1946), Australian vascular biologist
Julie Campbell (musician), music artist from Manchester, England, also known as LoneLady
Julie-Ann Campbell, Australian lawyer and trade unionist, and Secretary of the Queensland branch of the Australian Labor Party
See also
Julia Campbell (disambiguation)
Juliet Campbell (disambiguation)
London Denim was created in 2001 by Simon King.
Initially they made jeans in the UK then moved to Italy and Japan. Working with Cone Denim, UCO, Legler and Japanese mills to provide core materials. They deconstructed / reconstructed played with washes, printing and customising and came up with innovative processes to get around the lack of denim skills in the UK. They were the first denim label to show at London Fashion Week exhibition in 2001 paving the way for other streetware brands to follow.
In 2015 London Denim launched London Denim mens - jeans for a Modern Creative Man.
References
External links
London Denim's website
Jeans by brand
The rufous-throated wren-babbler (Spelaeornis caudatus) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is found in Bhutan, India, and Nepal.
Its natural habitat is the Eastern Himalayan broadleaf forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
rufous-throated wren-babbler
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Fauna of Sikkim
rufous-throated wren-babbler
rufous-throated wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Charles Fremont Conner (1857–1905) was an American artist who was one of the most important painters in the Richmond Group in Richmond, Indiana.
Conner is considered as one of the most talented early Richmond artists. He was self-taught and began his career as an industrial painter for the Hoosier Drill Company where he painted decorations and small landscape scenes on farm machinery.
Along with artists Frank J. Girardin (1856–1945), Micajah Thomas Nordyke (1847–1919), and his brother Albert Clinton Conner (1848–1929), Charles helped found the Rambler's Sketch Club (c.1881); John Elwood Bundy (1853–1933) soon joined their group. The Rambler's Sketch Club later metamorphosed into the Richmond Art Association (founded 1898, but had exhibited art in schools as early as 1896), which subsequently became the Richmond Art Museum.
Conner became a close friend to painter John Elwood Bundy and exhibited his works alongside the Richmond Group artists. He was a plein-air painter and often spent long periods of time living in a tent and painting outdoors. In 1887, he moved to California with his brother Albert, also a painter. He spent the next eight years painting the Pacific Coast before he would return to Richmond. It was during this time that his painting improved immensely.
In 1904, Conner made a place for himself in the art world by having his masterpiece, “Wet Night in February” exhibited in the main hall of the St. Louis World's Fair alongside works by nationally recognized artists.
Yet despite his talent and recognition, the most Conner ever received in his lifetime for a work was $150. This work, “The Old Swimming Hole” was purchased in part by Indianapolis philanthropist, Emil Deitz and the school children of his hometown, Fountain City, Indiana who collected $50 worth of pennies to purchase the work. The painting is still owned by the Northeastern Wayne School Corporation.
In 2007, the Richmond Art Museum mounted the largest exhibition of his work ever compiled.
References
Burnet, Mary Q. Art and Artists of Indiana. New York; The Century Co., 1921.
Dingwerth, Shaun T. California to Indiana: The Art of Charles Conner 1857-1905. Richmond Art Museum, 2007.
External links
Conner information at Waynet
1857 births
1905 deaths
American Impressionist painters
Artists from Richmond, Indiana
Burials at Earlham Cemetery, Richmond, Indiana
Painters from Indiana
20th-century American painters
American male painters
People from Wayne County, Indiana
20th-century American male artists
One woman's 5000 metres event was held at the 2021 World Para Athletics European Championships in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
Medalists
See also
List of IPC world records in athletics
References
5000 metres
2021 in women's athletics
5000 metres at the World Para Athletics European Championships
The 2011 Auto GP Series was the second year of the Auto GP, and the thirteenth season of the former Euroseries 3000. The championship began on 14 May at Monza and finished on 4 September at the Circuit Ricardo Tormo in Valencia, after seven double-header rounds.
The series became part of the World Touring Car Championship meetings and received Eurosport coverage. The series also adopted the Formula One points system for the first race of the weekend, with a consequent change in the lower points-awarding second race. The season champion and the top driver under 21 years of age Kevin Ceccon received a GP2 Series test.
Ombra Racing driver Kevin Ceccon claimed the championship title, taking just one victory on Hungaroring with four other podium placings. Luca Filippi who missed Oshersleben's round due to GP2 Series commitments finished season as runner-up with one win at Brno. Sergey Afanasyev missed Donington Park round because of problems with British visa scored three wins at Budapest, Oshersleben and Valencia, more than any other driver in this season. He finished season on the third position in the standings.
Teams and drivers
Calendar
A seven-round calendar was published on 22 November 2010. Six of the seven rounds will support World Touring Car Championship events, with the other event being held as a stand-alone event, with other series in support. On 8 March 2011, the round due to be held in Marrakech was dropped from the calendar, and will be replaced by the Hungaroring. On 23 June 2011, the round scheduled to be held in Bucharest was dropped from the calendar due to financial and track difficulties. It will be replaced by a headline event, with the Italian Formula Three Championship in support, held at Mugello.
Championship standings
Points for both championships were awarded as follows:
In addition:
One point will be awarded for Pole position for Race One
One point will be awarded for fastest lap in each race
Drivers' Championship
Teams' Championship
Under 21 Trophy
References
External links
Official Auto GP site
Auto GP
Auto GP
Auto GP
Jay Ford Laning (May 15, 1853 – September 1, 1941) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a one-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1907 to 1909.
Early life and career
Born in New London, Ohio, Laning attended the public schools, the Savannah (Ohio) Academy, and Baldwin-Wallace College in Berea, Ohio. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in May 1875 and commenced practice in New London.
Laning was the local Justice of the Peace from 1875 to 1881, and served as a member of the village council in 1876.
He moved to Norwalk, Ohio, in January 1882, where he practiced law until 1885 and then engaged in the publishing business.
He served as a member of the city council 1887-1889, and was a member of the Ohio Senate from 1894 to 1898. He served as a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1904 and 1908.
Congress
Laning was elected as a Republican to the Sixtieth Congress (March 4, 1907 – March 3, 1909). He was renominated in 1908, but withdrew and resumed the publishing business in Norwalk. He then devoted his time to the writing, editing, and publishing of law books and school textbooks.
Death
J. Ford Laning died in Norwalk on September 1, 1941, and was interred in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Publications
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Baldwin Wallace History: Jay Ford Laning
1853 births
1941 deaths
People from New London, Ohio
Ohio state senators
Ohio lawyers
Baldwin Wallace University alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Brazil national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Brazil that represents the team in international competitions. The team has been active internationally, and was ranked third in the world in 2016. At the 2015 IFCPF World Championships, they came away with a bronze. This was an improvement on 2011 when they finished fourth. Their best ever finish was second at the 2003 World Championships. Appearing at multiple Paralympic Games, Brazil won silver in 2004 and bronze in 2008.
Background
Associação Nacional de Desporto para Deficientes oversees the national team in Brazil. During the 2000s, the team was one of the top four most dominant teams in the world alongside Russia, Ukraine and Iran. In 2012, the team was coached by Paulo Cruz. In February 2014, a coaching workshop was held in the country to try to further develop the sport. Brazilian and Argentine coaches participated in it.
National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.
In 2016, after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency (WADA), the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing. This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS. Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool, players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Ranking
In 2016, Brazil was ranked third in the world by the IFCPF. The team is also ranked first in the Americas. In November 2014 and August 2013, they were ranked third. In September 2012 and September 2011, Brazil was ranked fourth.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Brazilian squad.
Results
Brazil has participated in a number of international tournaments. Six teams participated in the Toronto hosted American Cup in 2014. Group A included Venezuela, Argentina and Canada. Group B included Mexico, Brazil and the United States. The tournament was important for preparations for the 2015 Parapan American Games, and because it was the last major continental level competition of the year. Brazil came in second at the 2016 Pre-Paralympic Tournament in Salou, Spain after losing to Ukraine 0 - 2 in the final.
IFCPF World Championships
Brazil has participated in the IFCPF World Championships.
Paralympic Games
Brazil has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games.
Paralympic Results
References
Cerebral Palsy
Brazil at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Martin Karlsson (born February 13, 1996) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Färjestad BK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Karlsson made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Färjestad BK during the 2014–15 SHL season.
References
External links
1996 births
Färjestad BK players
Living people
Swedish ice hockey left wingers
People from Borås
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Fanghua Lin (; born March 11, 1959), also written as Fang-Hua Lin, is a Chinese-born American mathematician. He is currently the Silver Professor at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University. He applies rigorous analysis to nonlinear systems and is a leader in this field.
Biography
Lin was born in 1959 in Ningbo, Zhejiang, China, and graduated from the Department of Mathematics of Zhejiang University in 1981. He went to the United States to obtain his PhD from the Department of Mathematics at the University of Minnesota in 1985. From 1985 to 1988, he was an instructor at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University. Then he went to the University of Chicago, becoming a full professor there from 1988 until 1989. In 1989, he started his professorship at New York University. He was then awarded the Silver Professorship at the Courant Institute.
Lin made substantial contributions in Ginzburg–Landau theory.
Awards and honors
1989–1991, Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship
1989–1994, Presidential Young Investigator Award
1990, Invited Speaker, International Congress of Mathematicians, Kyoto
1999, Ordway Chair Visiting Professor, University of Minnesota
2002, Bôcher Memorial Prize, by American Mathematical Society
2004, Shiing-shen Chern Prize
2004, Fellow, American Academy of Arts and Sciences
2014, Fellow of the American Mathematical Society
2022, SIAM Fellow, "for significant contributions to our understanding of the properties of solutions throughout nonlinear partial differential equations"
References
External links
The Mathematics Genealogy Project - Fang-Hua Lin
1959 births
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
Mathematicians from Zhejiang
21st-century mathematicians
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Fellows of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
University of Minnesota alumni
Zhejiang University alumni
Zhejiang University faculty
Scientists from Ningbo
Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences faculty
University of Chicago faculty
Educators from Ningbo
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Gijukukōkōmae Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 5.7 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Gijukukōkōmae Station was opened on November 1, 1987.
Surrounding area
Toou Technical High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1987
Aigeira () (, or Αἴγειρα, ) is a town and a former municipality in northeastern Achaea, West Greece, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Aigialeia, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 103.646 km2. The municipal unit stretches from the Gulf of Corinth, where the town Aigeira is located, to the mountains in the south. The town Aigeira is southeast of Aigio, northwest of Corinth and east of Patras. The Greek National Road 8A (E65 Corinth - Patras) and the railway Corinth - Patras run through the town. In a distance of 6 Km from modern Aigeira there is the archaeological site of Ancient Aigeira and the Mycenean Acropolis.
Subdivisions
The municipal unit Aigeira is subdivided into the following communities:
Aigeira
Aiges
Ampelokipoi
Chrysanthio
Exochi
Monastiri
Oasi
Perithori
Seliana
Sinevro
Vella
Historical population
History
The area was settled in the 3rd millennium BC. Aegeira was a member of the Achaean League, one of the 12 Achaean cities, situated between Aegae and Pellene. It is described by Polybius as opposite Mount Parnassus, situated upon hills strong and difficult of approach, seven stadia from the sea, and near a river. This river was probably the Crius, which flowed into the sea, a little to the west of the town. According to the geographer Pausanias, the city consisted of two parts: a port on the Gulf of Corinth and the upper town, 12 stadia () from the port; the upper city was 72 stadia from the oracle of Heracles Buraicus. Pausanias relates that Aegeira occupied the site of the Homeric Hyperesia (Ὑπερησίη), which is listed in the Catalogue of Ships in the Iliad. and that it changed its name during the occupation of the country by the Ionians. According to Pausanias, in 688 BCE, Hyperesia was threatened by a hostile army from Sicyon. The locals defended their city by placing burning torches on their goats' (aiges in Greek) horns. As a result, the invaders left in fear while the Hyperesians renamed their town Αigeira to honor the goats. He adds that the ancient name still continued in use. Hence we find that Icarus of Hyperesia was proclaimed victor in the 23rd Olympiad in 688 BC.; Eusebius refers his name as Icarius. Also, Cratinus of Aegeira wins the Olympic prize for boys' wrestling in 260 BC during the 130th Olympiad. On the decay of the neighbouring town of Aegae its inhabitants were transferred to Aegeira.
In the first year of the Social War, in 220 BCE, Aegeira was surprised by a party of Aetolians, who had set sail from the opposite town of Oeantheia in Locris, but were driven out by the Aegiratans after they had obtained possession of the place. The most important of the public buildings of Aegeira was a temple of Zeus. It also contained a very ancient temple of Apollo, and temples of Artemis Agrotera, of Aphrodite Urania, who was worshipped in the town above all other divinities, and of the Syrian Goddess, all in the upper town.
Archaeology
The Austrian Archaeological Institute made excavations in Aigeira in 1916. The team with Otto Walter found the head of the statue of Zeus, which according to Pausanias was a work by the Athenian sculptor Euclid. Walter also found the left arm, the finger at the right hand later.
In August 1972, after a break of 45 years, the excavations of the ancient Aigira started over. The excavations of the Austrian Archaeological Institute of Athens took place in four places, the Acropolis, the ancient theatre, the ruins of the temple of Zeus and the space between the theatre and the temple of Zeus.
Ancient buildings and numerous shells were found in the Acropolis, dating from the Mycenaean period to the Roman times. Also, a part of the theatre was revealed with its terraces, which are carved in a sloping rock. Two large sections were opened in the theatre, in which ancient buildings appear.
Near the theatre, an ancient building was revealed, on the right-hand side of which, along with its entire length, there are carved dips resembling animal troughs. Northwest of the theatre a furnace was revealed while vases were also collected, many of which date back to the geometric period. There were also sections of the willow with bright colouring, broken clay dishes, and shells. A water pipeline was found on the right side of the furnace. West of the theatre a mosaic of river gravel with various emblazonments was revealed. Finally, near the mosaic, an Ionian-style chapiter and a lot of structural material, which belonged to the temple of Zeus, were found.
The 1972 excavations led by Wilhelm Alzinger also excavated several naiskoi next to the theatre (naiskos (small temple)). The floor of one of them is decorated with a pebble mosaic representing an eagle with a serpent. Also, the Tycheio (sanctuary of Tyche) described by Pausanias was uncovered next to the theatre. Further to the north, the foundations of two small temples were explored by Anton Bammer. On the terrace north of the Acropolis, a presumably public building with banqueting rooms and bathing facilities was located and excavated by Georg Ladstätter.
Sport
The town is home to the Aigeira Municipal Stadium, which features an artificial turf pitch and a gravel running track.
Its major soccer team is A.O. Thyella Aigeiras. Since July 2018 the club merged with the local football team of the neighbour town of Akrata forming a new club under the name A.E. Aigeiras/Akratas. Aigeira is also home to non-league amateur football club Panaigeiratikos.
See also
List of settlements in Achaea
Gallery
References
External links
Austrian Archaeological Institute, Research in Aigeira
Österreichische Akademie der Wissenschaften The Mycenian settlement in Aigeira
GTP - Ancient Aigeira
GTP - Aigeira
GTP - Municipal unit of Aigeira
SC Panaigeiratikos
Populated places in Achaea
Tekapo Ridge () is a crescent-shaped chain of low peaks, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, in Kyle Hills, Ross Island. The ridge descends SW-NE from Scanniello Peak (c.2200 m) to Parawera Cone (c.1300 m). Named by the New Zealand Geographic Board (NZGB) (2000) after Tekapo, a New Zealand locality where Antarctic training takes place.
Ridges of Ross Island
George Lyons may refer to:
George Lyons (theologian) (born 1947), American author and professor of New Testament studies
George Lyons (footballer) (1884–?), English footballer
George Lyons (baseball) (1891–1981), American professional baseball pitcher
George Lyons (born Dominick George Martoccio; 1889–1958), American musician, harpist and composer, part of Lyons and Yosco
See also
George Lyon (disambiguation)
Lyons (surname)
The Hesketh V1000 is a OHC V-twin motorcycle with 4 valves per cylinder. It was originally designed and built by Hesketh Motorcycles in Daventry, Northamptonshire. Sales proved disappointing as the motorcycle was expensive and, at 86 bhp, it was somewhat underpowered given its hefty dry weight of .
Some 149 V1000 motorcycles were produced before the company was wound up in August 1982, after which time Mick Broom continued development and production. In 2010 the assets were taken over by entrepreneur Paul Sleeman, who resurrected the brand with a renewed limited production run.
A Motorcycle News review said "the engine has a classic simplicity, delivering a modest 86 bhp at just 6500 rpm", adding buyers seeing the Hesketh V1000 as an 80s Vincent twin should "understand it's a handbuilt, relatively sedate, classic British motorcycle".
History & development
Lord Alexander Hesketh had been planning the production of a new motorcycle since 1974 and began talks with engine specialists Westlake in 1977 about the proposed development of a big V-twin. Hesketh Motorcycles PLC was formed in 1981, a purpose built factory was set up to manufacture the V1000 in Daventry, and production began in 1981.
Styled by John Mockett, who later went on to design the Triumph Rocket III, the Hesketh V1000 was conceived as a luxury sports machine that could save the British motorcycle industry. The engine was specially developed by Weslake as an air-cooled 90° V-twin with bore and stroke, giving a displacement of 992 cc. With a one piece cast crankshaft and aluminium jackets on iron cylinder barrels and alloy cylinder heads, the V1000 had four valves per cylinder and an overhead camshaft. The V1000 had electronic ignition and a Lucas alternator and starter motor. Lubrication was semi wet-sump and the gearbox was a five-speed constant mesh to a sealed roller chain final drive. Front suspension includes custom yokes machined from solid alloy billets, and conventional rear suspension is provided by twin Marzocchi shocks. The chain drive sprocket was coaxial with the swinging arm pivot, an arrangement to keep the drive chain tension constant, irrespective of the movement of the swinging arm. The alloy wheels, anodised either gold or black, were neither forged nor cast, but were made up from two sheet alloy pressings, riveted together. The frame was available either painted black or nickel-plated. Subsequently, the V1000 received several updates to address early problems, including digital engine management, and modification to suspension, brakes, wheels, engine and gearbox.
After the collapse of the Hesketh Motorcycle company, Lord Hesketh acquired most of the liquidated assets; and in 1983 he formed a new company, Hesleydon Ltd, to manufacture a revamped V1000 with a full fairing. This model, the Hesketh Vampire , was described by reviewers as "heavy and tall". The Vampire went into production prematurely, while still needing development. As well as gearbox problems such as false neutrals, the new fairing restricted turning and the Vampire did not sell well.
Subsequent events
Broom Development Engineering was established in 1982 by Mick Broom, the Hesketh engineer and test rider. The company continued both to improve the V1000 engine and frame performance and to update earlier motorcycles to the latest specification. The company has annually produced about a dozen V1000 EN10 motorcycles, an updated V1000 with oil cooling improvements such as an oil radiator to cool the rear cylinder. Some fifty Hesketh Vampire tourers were built to customer specifications. Amendments to the Vulcan model include radial tyres, more modern suspension and brakes, digital engine management, a bigger engine, and changes to the running gear.
In 2006, after the failure of his business ventures, Lord Hesketh sold the family seat, Easton Neston, at Towcester in Northamptonshire. In September 2008, in a bid to attract much needed investment in the marque, Mick Broom put the Hesketh motorcycle business on the market. In 2010 the Hesketh brand was taken over by entrepreneur Paul Sleeman. In August 2011 Broom, who has built more than 300 Hesketh motorcycles, was badly burned in a petrol fire in a workshop.
References
External links
Classic Bike V1000 review
Hesketh Motorcycles, Kingswood, Surrey
Motorcycles of the United Kingdom
Motorcycles introduced in 1980
The City Waites is a British early music ensemble. Formed in the early 1970s, they specialise in English music of the 16th and 17th centuries from the street, tavern, theatre and countryside — the music of ordinary people. They endeavour to appeal to a wide general audience as well as to scholars. They have toured the UK, much of Europe, the Middle East, the Far East and the USA, performing everywhere from major concert halls and universities to village squares. Collaborations include the National Theatre, the Royal Shakespeare Company and Shakespeare's Globe. They can be heard on several movie and TV soundtracks; they broadcast frequently and have made more than 30 CDs.
Performers
Lucie Skeaping
Lucie Skeaping sings and plays the baroque violin. She is also founder-director of the Burning Bush, a band which explores klezmer (traditional Jewish music) as well as Arab-influenced music (another member of the band, Robin Jeffrey, plays Middle Eastern instruments). She presents BBC Radio 3's Early Music Show and other programmes which showcase early music ensembles of the UK and other countries. She has written the award-winning school book Let's Make Tudor Music and her "Musical Mystery Tour" visits numerous schools each year. Her many CDs include Home Sweet Home (with Ian Partidge), a celebration of 19th century parlour music, and English National Songs. Her book Broadside Ballads won the Music Industry Award for Best Classical Music Publication 2006. Her latest publication is Who Gave Thee Thy Jolly Red Nose?, an anthology of recorder music.
Douglas Wootton
Douglas Wootton is one of the few tenors who accompany themselves on the lute. He also plays bandora, cittern, and tabor. Due to his promotion of the band they were voted the second-best Folk Band of the Year in the pages of Melody Maker. His down-to-earth approach sets the tone for the band. He also writes musicals for children.
Roddy Skeaping
Roddy Skeaping was involved in the Early Music revival from its earliest days, working with the Academy of Ancient Music, David Munrow's Early Music Consort and the Consort of Musicke. He was appointed Leverhulme Research Fellow at the Royal College of Music where he also taught the viola da gamba. As a composer he creates all the group's musical arrangements and has also written scores for the Royal National Theatre, Shakespeare's Globe, the Royal Shakespeare Company and several historical feature films.
Nicholas Perry
Nicholas Perry trained as a horn player at the Guildhall School of Music going on to study instrument making as a Crafts Council apprentice. He has performed and recorded for many London-based early music ensembles including the Gabrieli Consort, the English Baroque Soloists. The Taverner Consort and His Majesty's Sagbutts and Cornetts. He is a regular player at Shakespeare's Globe and the Royal Shakespeare Company and continues to work as an early brass instrument maker. He is currently the UK's only professional serpent leatherer.
Michael Brain
Michael Brain plays curtal, baroque bassoon, recorder, oboe and sings. He was a chorister at Westminster Abbey. He is related to the horn player Dennis Brain. On stage he gives spirited descriptions of how the instruments are constructed. He also works as a plumber.
Former members
The Skeapings and/or Douglas Wootton have been core of a constantly changing line-up. Musicians who have worked with the group previously include:
Joe Skeaping - violin
Keith Thompson - woodwind
Barbara Grant - soprano, violin
Nicholas Hayley - bass viol
Robin Jeffrey - lute
Richard Wistreich - baritone
Graham Wells - woodwinds
Discography
The English Stage Jig (Hyperion) - released March 9
The English Tradition (ARC)
Low and Lusty Ballads (Regis)
Penny Merriments (Naxos)
Bawdy Ballads of Old England (Regis, 1995) formerly the Mufitians of Grope Lane (Musica Oscura)
Christmas Now is Drawing Near (Saydisc) CD-SDL 371
How the World Wags (Hyperion, 1981) A 66008
Pills to Purge Melancholy (Saydisc, 1990) CD-SDL 382
The Music of the Tudor Age
Music of the Middle Ages
Music of the Stuart Age
Music from the Time of Henry VIII
Music from the Time of Charles II
A Madrigal for All Seasons
On LP
The City Waites (Decca, 1976) SKL 5264
A Gorgeous Gallery of Gallant Inventions (EMI, 1974) EMC 3017
References
External links
Official Website
Lucy Skeaping website:
Mixed early music groups
British early music ensembles
Musical groups established in the 1970s
Musical groups from London
Idényt (Danish: New Ideas) is a Danish language lifestyle magazine freely distributed to households. The magazine has been included in the Guinness Book of Records as the world's largest free magazine. It has existed since 1978.
History and profile
Idényt was established in 1978. The founding publisher of the magazine is Kai Dige Bach A/S. In 2002 Bonnier Group acquired 50 % of its publisher, the Benjamin Media. In 2009 Bonnier Group fully acquired both the publisher and the magazine.
Previously Idényt was published on a quarterly basis. Later its frequency was switched to ten times per year and the magazine has eight different versions. It has its headquarters in Frederiksberg, and offers articles about home and garden. Gitte Højbjerg is the director of sales of the magazine.
In 2001 Idényt had a circulation of 2,517,000 copies, making it the fifth largest special interest magazine worldwide.
See also
List of magazines in Denmark
References
External links
Official website
1978 establishments in Denmark
Bonnier Group
Danish-language magazines
Free magazines
Lifestyle magazines
Magazines established in 1978
Magazines published in Copenhagen
Quarterly magazines published in Denmark
Ten times annually magazines
Captive State is a 2019 American science fiction action film directed by Rupert Wyatt and co-written by Wyatt and Erica Beeney. The film stars John Goodman, Ashton Sanders, Jonathan Majors, Colson Baker, and Vera Farmiga, and follows a young man who participates in a conspiracy to rebel against an alien race that has invaded Earth and forced strict martial law on all humans. It was released in the United States on March 15, 2019, by Focus Features. It received mixed reviews from critics and was a box-office bomb, grossing just $8 million against its $25 million budget.
Plot
In 2019, Chicago is placed under martial law after a global extraterrestrial invasion. As the Drummond family attempts to flee the city, they break through a barricade but are confronted by the aliens, who vaporize the parents but leave their sons Gabriel and Rafe alive.
By 2027, the world has capitulated to the alien "Legislators", submitting to their governance. Humans are conscripted to build "Closed Zones", underground habitats for the aliens with access only granted to and by high government officials.
Gabriel Drummond, living in the impoverished Pilsen neighborhood, is confronted by Chicago Police Special Branch Commander William Mulligan, who had partnered with Gabriel's father before the invasion. Mulligan is convinced that the Phoenix resistance group has not been neutralized, contrary to what the public has been told, but Gabriel offers him no information.
Gabriel meets with a member of Phoenix to sell a hand-rolled cigarette containing secret information received from a coworker. The man takes him to Wicker Park, where he meets his brother Rafe, the leader of the resistance. Rafe takes the coded cigarette and directs Gabriel to leave as Phoenix is planning to attack the upcoming Unity Rally at Soldier Field. Rushing to his apartment and hastily packing, Gabriel is again confronted by Mulligan, who had him under surveillance. Gabriel evades Mulligan and hides underground.
The cigarette's code allows Rafe's team to access Chicago's surveillance system and the deployment patterns of law enforcement units. Rafe and other Phoenix members attack the Unity Rally, using an invisible alien explosive device against the aliens when they arrive. The attack initially appears successful, but the city is subsequently locked down and swarmed by security forces in response. Angered by the attack, the aliens bring in hunters from off-world to seek out the perpetrators, finding Rafe and his accomplices Anita and Daniel. Anita is vaporized and Daniel ingests a cyanide pill to avoid capture, but Rafe is shot and arrested by Mulligan before he can ingest his cyanide pill.
Gabriel emerges from hiding but is taken into custody during a police raid. Mulligan shows him his brother being tortured for information and convinces him to send a message through the Phoenix network in hopes of meeting the supposed ringleader, Number One. Gabriel is eventually led to Jane Doe, a prostitute running a brothel in Pilsen, who acknowledges Gabriel by name, to his confused surprise. Police raid the house, and Doe is killed.
The subsequent investigation reveals that Doe bugged her own residence to record conversations with Special Branch members and glean classified information. The tapes reveal that Police Commissioner Eugene Igoe divulged sensitive information about the aliens' arrival to Soldier Field which allowed Phoenix to develop their attack strategy. Igoe, along with Rafe and many others, are deported off-world and Mulligan, declaring the Chicago threat neutralized, is promoted to Acting Commissioner.
Mulligan meets with Gabriel privately, with Gabriel lamenting that Rafe's plan failed. Mulligan, retrieving a box earlier received from Doe, reveals a BlackBerry phone, giving the memory card to Gabriel and suggesting that maybe failure was the plan. Gabriel reviews the card's contents — a video depicting his own baby shower, and revealing Jane Doe taught at the same school as his mother. It was at the shower that she was introduced to Mulligan, with several Phoenix members present, and the video closes with Mulligan leaving a message for Gabriel, inspiring him to carry the torch of Phoenix.
Meanwhile, Mulligan is cleared to meet underground with the Legislators. As he descends, the invisible substance of the powerful alien explosive envelops him, indicating he is part of the resistance and that the whole 'failed' plan was orchestrated to allow him to deal a fatal blow to the Legislators.
During the credits, a map details that the Chicago Closed Zone was successfully destroyed, with other resistance strikes and protests having broken out in cities all over the world, indicating that the opening exhortation to "light a match and ignite a war" has led humanity to attempt to overthrow their alien oppressors.
Cast
John Goodman as William Mulligan
Ashton Sanders as Gabriel Drummond
Jonathan Majors as Rafe Drummond
Colson Baker as Jurgis
Vera Farmiga as Jane Doe / Priscilla Scott
Alan Ruck as Charles Rittenhouse
Kevin Dunn as Police Commissioner Eugene Igoe
David J. Height as Master of Ceremonies
Madeline Brewer as Rula
James Ransone as Patrick Ellison
Yasen Peyankov as Ivan Leviev, the hacker
Rene L. Moreno as Raul Casillas, the courier
Avery Lee as Harrison Ma, the surgeon
Caitlin Ewald as Anita Hölderlin, a driver for the Union Day attack
Ben Daniels as Daniel Larkin, a co-ordinator for the Union Day attack
Lawrence Grimm as Evan Hayes, a driver for the Union Day attack
Guy Van Swearingen as Eddie the Priest, a co-ordinator for the Union Day attack
Chronicle Ganawah as Michael Posner, a driver for the Union Day attack
Eric C. Lynch as Nelson Macauley, the morgue attendant
D. B. Sweeney as Levitt
Kevin J. O'Connor as Kermode
KiKi Layne as Carrie
Marc Grapey as Mayor Ed Lee
Production
On August 24, 2016, it was announced that Rupert Wyatt would direct a science fiction film titled Captive State, from a screenplay he had written with Erica Beeney. Later that month, it was reported that Participant Media had won a heated bidding war for the rights to the film and would produce alongside Amblin Partners. Focus Features would distribute the film domestically and Entertainment One is distributing in other markets, including Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and Australia.
In November 2016, John Goodman signed to star in the film. The following month, Ashton Sanders joined the cast. Vera Farmiga, Machine Gun Kelly, and newcomer Jonathan Majors joined the cast on January 25, 2017. On February 2, 2017, Kevin Dunn was cast in a supporting role. Madeline Brewer was added as a love interest of Sanders' character on February 21, 2017. In March 2017, Ben Daniels confirmed his casting via his Twitter account.
Principal photography began on February 15, 2017, in Chicago, Illinois. Production was primarily based at Cinespace Chicago Film Studios, and a large amount of filming took place in the Lower West Side neighborhood of Pilsen. In March 2017, production spent two days on location in Edgewater, Chicago.
Machine Gun Kelly sustained a hairline fracture on set toward the end of filming, reportedly from repeated punches to the chest from an unnamed person playing a police officer. The actor stated that when he complained to a crew member about the incident, he was told to "suck it up."
Music
In March 2018, it was reported that Rob Simonsen would compose the film's score. the soundtrack is now released at Sony Classical, including the full score with original song by Simonsen with Kill the Noise and Mija.
Release
Captive State was released in the United States on March 15, 2019, by Focus Features. It was originally scheduled to be released on August 17, 2018, but was pushed back to March 29, 2019, before finally being moved up two weeks to its current release date.
The film's UK theatrical release was cancelled shortly before its set date of March 29, 2019. Wyatt has claimed that local distributor Entertainment One refused to tell him why they pulled the release. The film was finally released in the UK on digital platforms on March 8, 2021.
Reception
Box office
In the United States and Canada, Captive State was released alongside Wonder Park and Five Feet Apart, and was projected to gross around $5 million from 2,200 theaters in its opening weekend. The film made $1.3 million on its first day, including $300,000 from Thursday night previews. It debuted to $3.1 million, finishing seventh.
Critical response
On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average score of . The website's critical consensus reads, "This sci-fi thriller may not necessarily leave viewers in a Captive State, but it offers reasonably diverting alien invasion action with ambitious political undertones." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 54 out of 100, based on 19 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "C−" on an A+ to F scale, and filmgoers at PostTrak gave it 2 out of 5 stars.
In a middling review for The A.V. Club, A.A. Dowd wrote "It's not unreasonable to expect something like excitement out of a story about freedom fighters plotting to take back the planet. Captive State does not clear that fairly low bar." Frank Scheck of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a negative review, describing it as "[v]isually murky, choppily edited and lacking both narrative clarity and well-defined characterizations," while the Los Angeles Timess Gary Goldstein was also critical of the film, writing: "In Captive State aliens have taken over the world (as they will), but it's the viewers stuck watching this messy, lugubrious sci-fi thriller who may feel like the ones being held captive."
References
External links
Alien invasions in films
American dystopian films
Amblin Partners
American science fiction thriller films
Films about extraterrestrial life
Films about rebellions
Films about terrorism in the United States
Drone films
Films directed by Rupert Wyatt
Films scored by Rob Simonsen
Films set in 2019
Films set in 2027
Films set in Chicago
Films set in the future
Films shot in Chicago
Focus Features films
Participant (company) films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
In computer science, a programming language is said to have first-class functions if it treats functions as first-class citizens. This means the language supports passing functions as arguments to other functions, returning them as the values from other functions, and assigning them to variables or storing them in data structures. Some programming language theorists require support for anonymous functions (function literals) as well. In languages with first-class functions, the names of functions do not have any special status; they are treated like ordinary variables with a function type. The term was coined by Christopher Strachey in the context of "functions as first-class citizens" in the mid-1960s.
First-class functions are a necessity for the functional programming style, in which the use of higher-order functions is a standard practice. A simple example of a higher-ordered function is the map function, which takes, as its arguments, a function and a list, and returns the list formed by applying the function to each member of the list. For a language to support map, it must support passing a function as an argument.
There are certain implementation difficulties in passing functions as arguments or returning them as results, especially in the presence of non-local variables introduced in nested and anonymous functions. Historically, these were termed the funarg problems, the name coming from "function argument". In early imperative languages these problems were avoided by either not supporting functions as result types (e.g. ALGOL 60, Pascal) or omitting nested functions and thus non-local variables (e.g. C). The early functional language Lisp took the approach of dynamic scoping, where non-local variables refer to the closest definition of that variable at the point where the function is executed, instead of where it was defined. Proper support for lexically scoped first-class functions was introduced in Scheme and requires handling references to functions as closures instead of bare function pointers, which in turn makes garbage collection a necessity.
Concepts
In this section, we compare how particular programming idioms are handled in a functional language with first-class functions (Haskell) compared to an imperative language where functions are second-class citizens (C).
Higher-order functions: passing functions as arguments
In languages where functions are first-class citizens, functions can be passed as arguments to other functions in the same way as other values (a function taking another function as argument is called a higher-order function). In the language Haskell:
map :: (a -> b) -> [a] -> [b]
map f [] = []
map f (x:xs) = f x : map f xs
Languages where functions are not first-class often still allow one to write higher-order functions through the use of features such as function pointers or delegates. In the language C:
void map(int (*f)(int), int x[], size_t n) {
for (int i = 0; i < n; i++)
x[i] = f(x[i]);
}
There are a number of differences between the two approaches that are not directly related to the support of first-class functions. The Haskell sample operates on lists, while the C sample operates on arrays. Both are the most natural compound data structures in the respective languages and making the C sample operate on linked lists would have made it unnecessarily complex. This also accounts for the fact that the C function needs an additional parameter (giving the size of the array.) The C function updates the array in-place, returning no value, whereas in Haskell data structures are persistent (a new list is returned while the old is left intact.) The Haskell sample uses recursion to traverse the list, while the C sample uses iteration. Again, this is the most natural way to express this function in both languages, but the Haskell sample could easily have been expressed in terms of a fold and the C sample in terms of recursion. Finally, the Haskell function has a polymorphic type, as this is not supported by C we have fixed all type variables to the type constant int.
Anonymous and nested functions
In languages supporting anonymous functions, we can pass such a function as an argument to a higher-order function:
main = map (\x -> 3 * x + 1) [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
In a language which does not support anonymous functions, we have to bind it to a name instead:
int f(int x) {
return 3 * x + 1;
}
int main() {
int list[] = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5};
map(f, list, 5);
}
Non-local variables and closures
Once we have anonymous or nested functions, it becomes natural for them to refer to variables outside of their body (called non-local variables):
main = let a = 3
b = 1
in map (\x -> a * x + b) [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
If functions are represented with bare function pointers, we can not know anymore how the value that is outside of the function's body should be passed to it, and because of that a closure needs to be built manually. Therefore we can not speak of "first-class" functions here.
typedef struct {
int (*f)(int, int, int);
int *a;
int *b;
} closure_t;
void map(closure_t *closure, int x[], size_t n) {
for (int i = 0; i < n; ++i)
x[i] = (*closure->f)(*closure->a, *closure->b, x[i]);
}
int f(int a, int b, int x) {
return a * x + b;
}
void main() {
int l[] = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5};
int a = 3;
int b = 1;
closure_t closure = {f, &a, &b};
map(&closure, l, 5);
}
Also note that the map is now specialized to functions referring to two ints outside of their environment. This can be set up more generally, but requires more boilerplate code. If f had been a nested function we would still have run into the same problem and this is the reason they are not supported in C.
Higher-order functions: returning functions as results
When returning a function, we are in fact returning its closure. In the C example any local variables captured by the closure will go out of scope once we return from the function that builds the closure. Forcing the closure at a later point will result in undefined behaviour, possibly corrupting the stack. This is known as the upwards funarg problem.
Assigning functions to variables
Assigning functions to variables and storing them inside (global) datastructures potentially suffers from the same difficulties as returning functions.
f :: [[Integer] -> [Integer]]
f = let a = 3
b = 1
in [map (\x -> a * x + b), map (\x -> b * x + a)]
Equality of functions
As one can test most literals and values for equality, it is natural to ask whether a programming language can support testing functions for equality. On further inspection, this question appears more difficult and one has to distinguish between several types of function equality:
Extensional equality Two functions f and g are considered extensionally equal if they agree on their outputs for all inputs (∀x. f(x) = g(x)). Under this definition of equality, for example, any two implementations of a stable sorting algorithm, such as insertion sort and merge sort, would be considered equal. Deciding on extensional equality is undecidable in general and even for functions with finite domains often intractable. For this reason no programming language implements function equality as extensional equality.
Intensional equality Under intensional equality, two functions f and g are considered equal if they have the same "internal structure". This kind of equality could be implemented in interpreted languages by comparing the source code of the function bodies (such as in Interpreted Lisp 1.5) or the object code in compiled languages. Intensional equality implies extensional equality (assuming the functions are deterministic and have no hidden inputs, such as the program counter or a mutable global variable.)
Reference equality Given the impracticality of implementing extensional and intensional equality, most languages supporting testing functions for equality use reference equality. All functions or closures are assigned a unique identifier (usually the address of the function body or the closure) and equality is decided based on equality of the identifier. Two separately defined, but otherwise identical function definitions will be considered unequal. Referential equality implies intensional and extensional equality. Referential equality breaks referential transparency and is therefore not supported in pure languages, such as Haskell.
Type theory
In type theory, the type of functions accepting values of type A and returning values of type B may be written as A → B or BA. In the Curry–Howard correspondence, function types are related to logical implication; lambda abstraction corresponds to discharging hypothetical assumptions and function application corresponds to the modus ponens inference rule. Besides the usual case of programming functions, type theory also uses first-class functions to model associative arrays and similar data structures.
In category-theoretical accounts of programming, the availability of first-class functions corresponds to the closed category assumption. For instance, the simply typed lambda calculus corresponds to the internal language of Cartesian closed categories.
Language support
Functional programming languages, such as Erlang, Scheme, ML, Haskell, F#, and Scala, all have first-class functions. When Lisp, one of the earliest functional languages, was designed, not all aspects of first-class functions were then properly understood, resulting in functions being dynamically scoped. The later Scheme and Common Lisp dialects do have lexically scoped first-class functions.
Many scripting languages, including Perl, Python, PHP, Lua, Tcl/Tk, JavaScript and Io, have first-class functions.
For imperative languages, a distinction has to be made between Algol and its descendants such as Pascal, the traditional C family, and the modern garbage-collected variants. The Algol family has allowed nested functions and higher-order taking function as arguments, but not higher-order functions that return functions as results (except Algol 68, which allows this). The reason for this was that it was not known how to deal with non-local variables if a nested-function was returned as a result (and Algol 68 produces runtime errors in such cases).
The C family allowed both passing functions as arguments and returning them as results, but avoided any problems by not supporting nested functions. (The gcc compiler allows them as an extension.) As the usefulness of returning functions primarily lies in the ability to return nested functions that have captured non-local variables, instead of top-level functions, these languages are generally not considered to have first-class functions.
Modern imperative languages often support garbage-collection making the implementation of first-class functions feasible. First-class functions have often only been supported in later revisions of the language, including C# 2.0 and Apple's Blocks extension to C, C++, and Objective-C. C++11 has added support for anonymous functions and closures to the language, but because of the non-garbage collected nature of the language, special care has to be taken for non-local variables in functions to be returned as results (see below).
C++ C++11 closures can capture non-local variables by copy construction, by reference (without extending their lifetime), or by move construction (the variable lives as long as the closure does). The first option is safe if the closure is returned but requires a copy and cannot be used to modify the original variable (which might not exist any more at the time the closure is called). The second option potentially avoids an expensive copy and allows modifying the original variable but is unsafe in case the closure is returned (see dangling references). The third option is safe if the closure is returned and does not require a copy but cannot be used to modify the original variable either.
Java Java 8 closures can only capture final or "effectively final" non-local variables. Java's function types are represented as Classes. Anonymous functions take the type inferred from the context. Method references are limited. For more details, see .
Lisp
Lexically scoped Lisp variants support closures. Dynamically scoped variants do not support closures or need a special construct to create closures.
In Common Lisp, the identifier of a function in the function namespace cannot be used as a reference to a first-class value. The special operator function must be used to retrieve the function as a value: (function foo) evaluates to a function object. #'foo exists as a shorthand notation. To apply such a function object, one must use the funcall function: (funcall #'foo bar baz).
Python
Explicit partial application with functools.partial since version 2.5, and operator.methodcaller since version 2.6.
Ruby
The identifier of a regular "function" in Ruby (which is really a method) cannot be used as a value or passed. It must first be retrieved into a Method or Proc object to be used as first-class data. The syntax for calling such a function object differs from calling regular methods.
Nested method definitions do not actually nest the scope.
Explicit currying with .
See also
Defunctionalization
eval
First-class message
Kappa calculus – a formalism which excludes first-class functions
Man or boy test
Partial application
Notes
References
Leonidas Fegaras. "Functional Languages and Higher-Order Functions". CSE5317/CSE4305: Design and Construction of Compilers. University of Texas at Arlington.
External links
First-class functions on Rosetta Code.
Higher order functions at IBM developerWorks
Articles with example C code
Articles with example Haskell code
Compiler construction
Data types
Functional programming
Primitive types
Programming language theory
Subroutines
William Paul Dillingham (December 12, 1843July 12, 1923) was an American attorney and politician from the state of Vermont. A Republican and the son of Congressman and Governor Paul Dillingham, William P. Dillingham served as governor from 1888 to 1890 and United States Senator from 1900 until his death.
Dillingham was born in Waterbury, Vermont, in 1843, and attended schools in Vermont and New Hampshire. He studied law with his brother in law, Matthew Hale Carpenter, attained admission to the bar, and practiced in Waterbury and Montpelier.
Groomed for a political career from an early age, Dillingham served as Secretary of Civil and Military Affairs (chief assistant to the governor) during his father's term and that of Asahel Peck, State's Attorney of Washington County, and member of the Vermont House of Representatives and Vermont State Senate. He was elected governor in 1888 and served one two-year term.
In 1900, Dillingham won election to the United States Senate, replacing Jonathan Ross, who had been appointed as a temporary replacement following the death of incumbent Justin Smith Morrill. Dillingham served in the Senate until his death, and was chairman of several committees during his tenure. As head of a commission that studied immigration, he argued that southern and eastern European immigrants posed a threat to the country's stability and growth, and that immigration from those areas should be curbed in the future.
Dillingham died in Montpelier in 1923 and was buried at Hope Cemetery in Waterbury.
Early life
The son of Governor Paul Dillingham, William P. Dillingham was born on December 12, 1843 in Waterbury, Vermont. He attended the public schools, Newbury Seminary in Montpelier, Vermont and Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire. In 1866 he served as Secretary of Civil and Military Affairs (chief assistant) during his father's governorship. He also studied law with his brother in law Matthew H. Carpenter and was admitted to the bar in 1867.
Public service
Dillingham practiced law in Waterbury. A Republican, he served as Washington County State's Attorney from 1872 to 1876. From 1874 to 1876 he was Secretary of Civil and Military Affairs (chief assistant) for Governor Asahel Peck.
In 1876, Dillingham was elected to the Vermont House of Representatives. From 1878 to 1882 he served in the Vermont State Senate. Dillingham served as Vermont's Commissioner of Taxes from 1882 to 1888, and served another term in the Vermont House in 1884.
In 1888 Dillingham was elected the 42nd Governor of Vermont. He served the one two-year term available under the Mountain Rule, afterwards returning to the practice of law. Dillingham practiced in Montpelier with Hiram A. Huse and Fred A. Howland. Howland was Dillingham's nephew, and had studied law with Dillingham to qualify for admission to the bar.
Dillingham was elected to the United States Senate in 1900, replacing temporary appointee Jonathan Ross and completing the term of Justin Smith Morrill, who had died in office. Dillingham was reelected in 1903, 1909, 1914 and 1920, and served until his death. His 1914 election was Vermont's first following passage of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
During his Senate career Dillingham was Chairman of the following committees: Transportation Routes to the Seaboard (Fifty-seventh Congress); Immigration (Fifty-eighth through Sixty-first Congresses); Privileges and Elections (Sixty-second, Sixty-sixth, and Sixty-seventh Congresses); and Establishing the University of the United States (Sixty-third through Sixty-fifth Congresses).
Dillingham achieved prominence as the leading Progressive-era legislative spokesperson for restricting immigration. From 1907 to 1911, Dillingham chaired (concurrently with his Senate duties) the United States Immigration Commission, also called the Dillingham Commission, which concluded that immigration from southern and eastern Europe posed a serious threat to American society and culture and should be greatly reduced in the future.
In 1903, Dillingham chaired a Senate subcommittee that investigated conditions in Alaska following the Klondike Gold Rush. During their trip, a new courthouse established near the Nushagak River village of Kanakanak was named in honor of the chairman and the surrounding community later adopted the name Dillingham, Alaska. While the subcommittee traveled extensively throughout Alaska, Dillingham never set foot in the Bristol Bay salmon fishing community that still bears his name.
Business and civic endeavors
Dillingham's business interests included serving as President of the Waterbury Savings Bank and a member of the National Life Insurance Company board of directors.
He was active in the Methodist church, and served as President of the Board of Trustees of the Montpelier Seminary (originally the Vermont Methodist Seminary), and a member of the University of Vermont Board of Trustees.
Dillingham was a member of the Sons of the American Revolution, and served as President of the Vermont SAR organization.
Death and burial
Dillingham died in Montpelier on July 12, 1923. He was buried in Waterbury's Hope Cemetery.
Awards and honors
Dillingham received the following honorary degrees: Master of Arts, University of Vermont (1886); LL.D., Norwich University (1893); LL.D., Middlebury College (1906).
Family
Dillingham lived at 7 West Street in Montpelier while serving in the Senate. His home was owned by Vermont College for more than 50 years, and served as a dormitory and as office space. Known as Dillingham Hall when it was part of the college, the building is once again a private residence.
On December 24, 1874, William P. Dillingham married Mary Ellen Shipman (November 7, 1846—April 25, 1893). They had one son, Paul Shipman Dillingham (October 24, 1878—March, 1972).
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
External links
Dillingham Commission page including a digitized version of the complete set of Dilligham Commission reports. From the Immigration to the United States from 1789 to 1930 collection, Harvard University Library Open Collections Program
1843 births
1923 deaths
People from Montpelier, Vermont
Governors of Vermont
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
American prosecutors
Republican Party United States senators from Vermont
Vermont state senators
Vermont Republicans
Vermont lawyers
State's attorneys in Vermont
Burials in Vermont
Republican Party governors of Vermont
19th-century American lawyers
Holmes Summit is a peak rising to , the highest elevation in the Read Mountains of the Shackleton Range in Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy in 1967 and was surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey in the period 1968–71. In association with the names of geologists grouped in this area, it was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971 after Professor Arthur Holmes, after whom the Holmes Hills in Palmer Land were also named.
References
Mountains of Coats Land
Summits
Thladiantha is a genus of flowering plants in the family Cucurbitaceae, native to the Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia, and China. They are dioecious, perennial herbs. The best known species is Thladiantha dubia.
Species
Species currently accepted by The Plant List is as follows:
Thladiantha africana C. Jeffrey → Siraitia africana (C.Jeffrey) A.M.Lu & Zhi Y.Zhang
Thladiantha capitata Cogn.
Thladiantha cordifolia (Blume) Cogn.
Thladiantha davidii Franch.
Thladiantha dentata Cogn.
Thladiantha dimorphantha Hand.-Mazz.
Thladiantha dubia Bunge
Thladiantha grandisepala A.M. Lu & Zhi Y. Zhang
Thladiantha henryi Hemsl.
Thladiantha hookeri C.B.Clarke
Thladiantha indochinensis Merr.
Thladiantha lijiangensis A.M. Lu & Zhi Y. Zhang
Thladiantha longifolia Cogn. ex Oliv.
Thladiantha longisepala C.Y. Wu
Thladiantha maculata Cogn.
Thladiantha medogensis A.M. Lu & J.Q. Li
Thladiantha montana Cogn.
Thladiantha nudiflora Hemsl.
Thladiantha oliveri Cogn. ex Mottet
Thladiantha palmatipartita A.M. Lu & C. Jeffrey
Thladiantha punctata Hayata
Thladiantha pustulata (H. Lév.) C. Jeffrey ex A.M. Lu & Zhi Y. Zhang
Thladiantha sessilifolia Hand.-Mazz.
Thladiantha setispina A.M. Lu & Zhi Y. Zhang
Thladiantha tomentosa (A.M. Lu & Zhi Y. Zhang) W. Jiang & H. Wang
Thladiantha villosula Cogn.
References
Cucurbitaceae genera
Plants described in 1833
Cucurbitoideae
Dioecious plants
Dog Patch is an unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
L'honestà negli amori is a dramma per musica in 3 acts by composer Alessandro Scarlatti. Written in 1679-1680 when Scarlatti was 19 years old, it was his second opera. The opera uses an Italian language libretto that was written by either D F Bernini or Domenico Filippo Contini. The work premiered at the Teatro di Palazzo Bernini in Rome on 3 February 1680. The opera was performed again in 1682 in Acquaviva delle Fonti at the Palazzo De Mari with Acquaviva laureata a serenata composed by Giovanni Cesare Netti. The opera has since been almost entirely forgotten, except as the source of the aria ‘Già il sola dal Gange'.
The opera's aria 'Già il sole dal Gange', as recorded by Cecilia Bartoli, Luciano Pavarotti and others, has achieved some popularity.
References
1680 operas
Italian-language operas
Operas
Operas by Alessandro Scarlatti
Modlin Fortress () is one of the largest 19th-century fortresses in Poland. It is located in the town of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki in district Modlin on the Narew river, approximately 50 kilometers north of Warsaw. It was originally constructed by the French from 1806 to 1812.
History
The strategic importance of the area limited by the Vistula, Bug, Wkra and Narew was known to various armies throughout the ages. The first fortified stronghold was built in Zakroczym by the Piast dynasty in the 11th century. However, first modern fortified position was built there in 1656 by the Swedish armies during The Deluge. The so-called Bugskansen was a star-shaped fortified military camp, located probably close to the confluence of the Narew and the Vistula, at the so-called Swedish Island. The camp was also guarding a wooden bridge over the Vistula prior to the battle of Zakroczym and served as the main supply depot of the Swedish army during the battle of Warsaw of July 1656. After the Swedish defeat the fort was demolished in 1660 and the area remained unfortified for roughly 150 years.
After the Partitions of Poland the area was incorporated into the Russian Empire. Shortly afterward Jan Pieter van Suchtelen, a Dutch military engineer in Russian service prepared a construction plan for a mighty fortress in the area, named after the nearby town of Zakroczym. The fort was to be a bastion fortress, located approximately 1.5 km from the rivers and with several forts guarding the area from the west. However, the project was never accomplished as in 1806 the area became part of the Duchy of Warsaw, a rump Polish state created by and allied to Napoleon Bonaparte.
From the very beginning of French presence in Poland, Bonaparte's engineers started to fortify the border with Russia, expecting either a Russian offensive towards western Europe – or a future offensive of the French armies towards Petersburg and Moscow. In December 1806, while in Poznań, Napoleon ordered a fort to be built on two islands located at the confluence of the Narew and the Vistula. The fortification was to be temporary and was to become primarily a supply depot and a huge granary, serving as a supply centre for the forces operating in Poland or Russia. The construction started almost immediately, although Chief Engineer of the French forces Gen. François de Chasseloup-Laubat decided to build the fortress on the northern bank of the river rather than on the islands. The work started in early 1807, yet went on very slowly. It was not until the following year that the pace was speeded up and in 1809 the first casemates and walls were ready. It was there that the core of the Polish Army was stationed after the Battle of Raszyn against the invading forces of Austria. Soon after the outer rim of defences on the right bank of the Vistula was ready. It ran more or less along the inner line of modern fortifications. It consisted of a semi-circular earthwork reinforced with wooden stockade and five bastions. In addition, the area was guarded by two fortified bridgeheads, one in Kazuń on the left bank of the Vistula and the other next to Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki.
In 1810 the very concept of the fort was changed and Napoleon decided to turn Modlin into a pivotal fortress in his line of fortifications and expand it significantly by adding an outer rim of defenses. General de Chasseloup-Laubat was replaced with a famous French engineer Jean Mallet de Granville (later a naturalized Pole under the name of Jan Malletski), aided by Gen. François Haxo. It is not certain whether the authors of the expansion were the two to supervise its construction, or Napoleon himself. The works continued on a very fast pace as Napoleon was planning his campaign in Russia and envisioned Modlin to become the main fortress behind his lines. By September 1811 more than 19,000 people were taking part in the works. Because of that the authorities of the Duchy of Warsaw were considering to grant Modlin with a city charter, which however did not succeed. Although the following year, shortly before the outbreak of the Franco-Russian War, the number of workers exceeded 20 thousands, the fortress was never fully completed.
The French plans included a fortified area composed of three, semi-independent fortifications. The main line of defences was located on the right bank of Vistula and Narew, and was composed of a polygonal fortification with 4 bastions and 3 linking ravelins (one facing the Utrata river, one facing the village of Modlin and one in the centre). The ravelins were between 800 and 1000 meters away from the main line of fortifications, in order to reinforce the defenses against new models of heavy artillery. The second part of the fortress was the Kazuń bridgehead on the left bank of the Vistula, composed of a single ravelin. The third was a redoubt located between Vistula and Narew and the fourth was an artillery nest located on the Swedish Island. Among the engineers to supervise the construction were also Gen. Ignacy Prądzyński, Gen. Prevo-Vernois and Lt. Col. Filip Mięciszewski. After the defeat of the Grande Armée at Moscow, the fortress was taken over by the forces of the Duchy of Warsaw. On 5 February 1813 the Russian army of 36,000 soldiers arrived to the fortress and laid siege to it. The Polish forces under Dutch general Herman Willem Daendels defended the fortress until 1 December 1813. It was the last of the French fortresses along the Vistula to capitulate.
Fortress in Congress Poland
After 1815 the fortress found itself in Congress Poland, a state which was a part of the Russian Empire, but had considerable autonomy and an army of its own. It was weakly manned by Polish and Russian units, and little new construction work was carried out. During the November Uprising of 1830 the fortress was prepared for defense by Polish units, but the Russian army did not storm it. It surrendered on 9 October 1831 as one of the last points controlled by Polish units during the uprising.
Russian Fortress Novogeorgievsk
After the November Uprising of 1830 the Russian rule over Congress Poland became more severe. The Modlin fortress was renamed Novogeorgievsk in 1834 and during the years 1832–1841 underwent a huge expansion, to host garrison troops who were tasked with preventing another Polish uprising, as well as defend Russia's western frontiers. It was part of the chain of fortresses which included Warsaw, Ivangorod, and Brest-Litovsk. The most notable new work built was a fortified barrack building 2,200 m in length, which was to serve as the last line of defense for the fortress. After 1841 construction work largely ceased, and over the next 40 years the fortress gradually became obsolete. However, in 1844 the large granary building was built at the estuary of the Narew River. Polish architect Jan Jakub Gay designed the granary not only for storing food, but also as a defensible position at the bridgehead of the rivers.
When relations between Germany and Russia deteriorated in the 1880s, with Germany entering the Triple Alliance potentially aimed against Russia, the decision was made to expand the fortress and upgrade it to modern standards. In the years 1883–1888 eight modern forts were added, roughly forming a ring with 2 to 4 km distance from the central fortress. In the following years these forts were modernized. At the same time, additional defensive works were built to integrate the fortress into the larger fortified region around Warsaw.
The defeat of Russia in the Russo-Japanese War caused a rethinking of Russian strategy. In particular the idea of concentrating forces in the interior away from the borders before hostilities began to gain popularity. This approach would eliminate the need for a chain of border fortresses to screen the mobilizing units.
In 1909 when General Vladimir Sukhomlinov became the War Minister for the Russian Empire, one proposal he made was to scrap the bulk of the Russian fortress system, and Novogeorgievsk was a prime example of why they should be scrapped: The outer forts were initially built at a distance of about eight kilometers from the citadel to protect it from attacking artillery; by 1900, even field guns could fire past that distance. Sukhomlinov was overruled. Instead of being razed, the fort system was slated for an 800 million rubles upgrade with a new belt of forts to be added. The fortress was also to receive a large number of heavy artillery pieces. The intensive new construction work started in 1912 and continued almost until the German army approached the fortress in 1915 during World War I. The fortress was now designed to serve as a center of resistance deep behind enemy lines if the Russian army were forced to retreat from Poland. The works were carried out in great haste, not all equipment was fitted, and some construction materials were improvised and hence of lower quality. Even with these defects, the fortress with its nineteen forts was one of the strongest fortifications in Europe at the outbreak of World War I. The Russian high command expected that if surrounded by the German armies it would hold out for many months, serving as a major thorn in the German rear.
Capture by the Germans
In summer of 1915, the Russians were reeling from the German attacks in Poland. They were faced with the reality of giving up Poland to the Germans or have their forces cut off from retreat.
The problem of the retreat was the abandonment of the fortresses especially Novogeorgievsk. Novogeorgievsk was seen as the "symbol of Russian rule in Poland." It would also mean the abandonment of Poland, which would compromise their ability to negotiate for more territory if the Allies won.
Mikhail Alekseyev, the commander of the Polish sector, knew that to garrison the forts was a trap and the impregnability was an illusion. However, he was swayed by men of a higher social standing and left a garrison to defend Novogeorgievsk. The troops that he was able to spare were the remnants of the II. Siberian division, the 63rd division, and 58th division.
To capture Novogeorgievsk, the Germans transferred General Hans Beseler who had successfully laid siege to the Belgian city of Antwerp early in the war. In a stroke of luck, his forces captured the chief engineer of Novogeorgievsk on the first day. The Siege of Novogeorgievsk lasted only a matter of days. When it fell, the Germans captured 1,600 guns and close to a million shells.
Post World War I
After the First World War Modlin became part of the Second Polish Republic and was modernized with modern bunkers, anti-tank and anti-aircraft equipment. Its main purpose was to provide cover for Warsaw from enemy attacks from the North. The fortress also housed several military barracks and military colleges for NCOs, including the Engineers Training Centre and the Armored Forces Officer Cadet School.
Modlin fortress was the place of the Battle of Modlin during the German invasion of Poland in 1939. General Wiktor Thommée ensconced the Army of Łódź in the fortress after failing to fight his way back to Warsaw, and his was one of the last Polish military units to capitulate.
Present day
Some parts of the fortress are open to tourists. At the same time, the Polish military still has many facilities in the area and thus some redoubts are inaccessible. Some abandoned redoubts are not maintained and have deteriorated badly, with many metal elements having been pillaged for scrap. The Modlin airfield is located within the fortress area. It re-opened as the second civilian airport for the city of Warsaw in July 2012. In 2013 the Modlin Fortress was sold to private investors after being on the market for five years, but some key features such as the Tatar Tower and the White Tower must be preserved for the visiting public.
Notes
A misnomer as the Wyspa Szwedzka is in fact a peninsula.
See also
Battle of Modlin
Modlin (Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki)
Warsaw Citadel
Footnotes
References
External links
About fortress Modlin, with maps and plans (in Polish)
Pre-WWII aerial photograph of the complex
Forts in Poland
Buildings and structures in Masovian Voivodeship
Establishments in Congress Poland
Tourist attractions in Masovian Voivodeship
The 12th Regiment may refer to many military units.
12th Infantry Regiment (South Korea)
12th Regiment Royal Artillery
12th Infantry Regiment (Philippine Commonwealth)
12th Infantry Regiment (USAFIP-NL)
12th Infantry Regiment (United States)
12th Cavalry Regiment (United States)
12th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry (American Civil War)
12th Armoured Regiment (Australia)
12th Armoured Regiment (India)
Mustafino () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Mustafinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 821 as of 2010. There are 8 streets.
Geography
Mustafino is located 23 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Palchikovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Weidner Rock House is a historic home located near Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1799, and is a two-story, three bay, stone dwelling, with a one-story frame wing. The house was moved to its present location and reconstructed in 1844.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1799
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Brian Brivati is a British historian. He was a professor of contemporary history at Kingston University and worked as a director of the John Smith memorial trust from 2008-2012.
Brivati is a specialist in designing and delivering professional development, leadership and bespoke training programmes for government, NGOS, the private sector and overseas clients. He also works as a special adviser to politicians, government departments and civil society organisations in Central and Eastern Europe, Iraq and other Middle East countries.
Brivati's academic career evolved from public policy, political history and biography into the teaching of Human Rights. His research interests are focussed on the interface between human rights and cybersecurity, the evolving nature of conflict, and the place of genocide and crimes against humanity in contemporary politics. Before joining PGI, he was Professor of Human Rights and Life Writing at Kingston University and is still a visiting Lecturer there.
He is a academic director of the PGI Cyber Academy and an adviser to Cleave and Co, and co-chair of the Kurdish Genocide UK advisory council. He also sits on the editorial boards of Total Politics and the IPPR Journal. Brivati is a frequent contributor to print and broadcast media and a keynote and guest lecturer on a range of topics in the UK and abroad.
Brivati is also currently director of The Stabilisation and Recovery Network, the objects of which are to carry out activities that contribute to the stabilisation and recovery efforts of post conflict states by delivering innovative projects through a network of likeminded individuals. The network develops projects that build good governance and the rule of law, combat corruption, aid the recovery of victims of sexual violence and counter the extremism that fuels conflict. The Network also works on related fields that contribute to building peaceful societies and consolidating representative governments while defending, promoting and extending human rights and enhancing gender equality and recovery for the survivors of conflict. They work through training and capacity building centred on individuals who are working in the field and who will join the network because of their direct experience. They work online in areas such as cybersecurity, combating online radicalisation and remote delivery of projects when and where this is appropriate. TSRN works in any geography in which the skills and the knowledge of their network can make a difference.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of Kingston University
British historians
British biographers
British political journalists
Labor historians
The Doors: Original Soundtrack Recording is the soundtrack to Oliver Stone's 1991 film The Doors. It contains several studio recordings by the Doors, as well as the Velvet Underground's "Heroin" and the introduction to Carl Orff's Carmina Burana. None of Val Kilmer's performances of the Doors' songs that are featured in the movie are included in the soundtrack.
Cover
The cover for the album is of Jim Morrison as portrayed by Val Kilmer. It is a photo of Kilmer looking straight in the camera's lens. His face is in black and white and his hair has the color of burning flames, it is the same effect created on the movie's posters and advertising material.
The French release of the soundtrack features Jim Morrison walking in a hallway towards the viewer; he's also portrayed by Kilmer, and the photograph was also part of the advertising material especially in France.
Track listing
All songs are performed by The Doors and written by Jim Morrison, Robby Krieger, Ray Manzarek, and John Densmore, except where noted.
Personnel
The Doors:
Jim Morrison – vocals
Robby Krieger – guitar
Ray Manzarek – piano and organ
John Densmore – drums
Note: Played on all tracks except tracks 9 & 10
Paul A. Rothchild – producer of all tracks except for tracks 2, 9, 10 & 14
Bruce Botnick – co-producer of the L.A. Woman tracks; engineer for all tracks except tracks 9 & 10
Budd Carr – executive producer
Oliver Stone – album director
The Velvet Underground:
Lou Reed - lead guitar, lead vocals
John Cale - electric viola
Sterling Morrison - rhythm guitar
Maureen Tucker - percussion
Note: The personnel for track 10
Jerry Scheff – bass guitar on tracks 2, 7 & 14
Douglass Lubahn – bass guitar on track 3
Larry Knechtel (uncredited) – bass guitar on track 6
Certifications
References
1991 compilation albums
1991 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by Paul A. Rothchild
Elektra Records compilation albums
Elektra Records soundtracks
Biographical film soundtracks
The Doors compilation albums
The Doors soundtracks
A Sleeping Memory is surviving 1917 silent film drama directed by George D. Baker and starring Emily Stevens. It was produced and distributed by Metro Pictures and is based on the 1902 novel of the same name by E. Phillips Oppenheim.
Cast
Emily Stevens - Eleanore Styles Marston
Frank R. Mills - Powers Fiske (*this Frank Mills, stage actor born 1870 died 1921)
Mario Majeroni - Dr. Stephen Trow
Walter Horton - Henry Johnson
Richard Thornton - Chadwick
Francis Joyner - Angus Hood (*as Frank Joyner)
Kate Blancke - Mrs. Fiske
Preservation status
A print was preserved and donated by MGM to George Eastman Museum.
References
External links
1917 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by George D. Baker
Metro Pictures films
Films based on British novels
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1917 drama films
1910s American films
"Midnight Blue" is a song by American singer and songwriter Melissa Manchester, written by herself alongside Carole Bayer Sager and produced by Vini Poncia with an executive production by Richard Perry. It was released in April 1975 as the first single from Manchester's third studio album, Melissa (1975).
The song was described by Billboard magazine as "a classically elegant quiet ballad about a pair of longtime lovers putting aside their current aggravations until the dawn in order to try making it one more time in memory of all their old times together".
In the United States, the single became her first top ten entry on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, peaking at number six. Additionally, it peaked at number one on the Adult Contemporary chart.
Background
The song had been written by Manchester in 1973 as her first collaboration with Carole Bayer Sager, who would be Manchester's regular lyricist over the next five years; Manchester would recall: "the songs that I wrote with Carole... all came out of conversations. Therefore the tone of the songs was very conversational. The listener always feels like they are in the moment when that first line is uttered." According to Manchester the genesis of "Midnight Blue" was a conversation she and Bayer Sager "had about our young husbands, and how as young women we didn't know how to get through the hard times that every relationship has"; the song was essentially finished but still lacking a title when either Manchester or Bayer Sager said: "Midnight Blue" which Manchester opines "was the perfect fit for the [song's] overall feeling".
After meeting Manchester backstage after Bette Midler's Carnegie Hall concert of 23 June 1972 Bayer Sager suggested she and Manchester write a song to cut as a demo, the result being "Midnight Blue".
Although Manchester's first two album releases, Home to Myself and Bright Eyes in respectively 1973 and 1974, would overall feature eight songs she had co-written with Bayer Sager, Manchester herself would not record "Midnight Blue" until 1975. The demo of "Midnight Blue" was submitted by Sager and Manchester to producer Vini Poncia in hopes of having his purported client Dionne Warwick record the song: instead the demo convinced Poncia to record the singer of the demo who was Manchester herself. Poncia waited for almost two years - allowing Manchester to fulfill her obligations to the producers of her two Bell Records albums — before approaching Manchester with regard to producing her.
In the interim Manchester had personally pitched "Midnight Blue" to Dusty Springfield according to Springfield's friend Sue Cameron who recalls Manchester visiting Springfield's Laurel Canyon home and playing Springfield the demo of "Midnight Blue" - Cameron (quote): "She told Melissa no. Melissa leaves the house. I went: 'Are you crazy?'"
An alternate background scenario for Manchester's recording "Midnight Blue" is related by Carole Bayer Sager in her autobiography: according to Bayer Sager she "pretty much stalked" Richard Perry to "get him to listen to our song. Finally after I cornered him at an industry party he agreed to listen to [the] demo [of 'Midnight Blue']." Bayer Sager played the demo for Perry at his Manhattan hotel suite, first telling him: "The girl I wrote the song with is singing here and she wants to record it... and I was hoping if you liked it maybe you'd produce it." Bayer Sager recalls that after hearing the demo Perry told her: "This song could be a big hit. I have a young producer who works for me: Vini Poncia, and I think he could make a really good record with Melissa as the artist. I'd executive produce it." According to Bayer Sager, Perry himself played the completed track of "Midnight Blue" for Arista Records president Clive Davis
who greenlit Poncia producing Manchester's album Melissa from which "Midnight Blue" was issued as lead single in May 1975 (the single edit trimmed 29 seconds off the album track's outro).
On the original track listing for the album Melissa the track's title is spelled "Midnite Blue", a spelling which was retained for the track's single release in Australia.
Personnel
Melissa Manchester - piano, vocals
Vini Poncia - backing vocals
David Wolfert - acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Cooker Lo Presti - bass
James Newton Howard - electric piano
Kirk Bruner - drums
Trevor Lawrence - strings arrangement
Impact
In 2012 Manchester would recall promoting "Midnight Blue": "I [had been] an album artist [with no cause] to worry about a single. Suddenly, Bell Records was absorbed into Arista Records [whose president] Clive Davis...spoke of things like singles success. [For] 'Midnight Blue' we did a really vigorous tour of radio stations and secondary markets" - "I crisscrossed the country to break the song on college radio stations, which were very important at the time. It was right before radio went into automated playlists. Music directors and disc jockeys still had pull. Right after 'Midnight Blue', everything changed" - "We traveled thousands of miles shaking hands and playing: when [the song] finally got from the east coast to the west coast it was so huge...I [will] never forget that first experience of playing the intro to 'Midnight Blue' [to have] people started cheering....That was the power of radio."
"Midnight Blue" debuted at #90 on the Hot 100 in Billboard magazine dated 10 May 1975: the same issue of Billboard showed the track ranked at #22 on the magazine's Easy Listening chart where "Midnight Blue" was in its fourth week on the Easy Listening Top 50. In its sixth week on the Billboard Hot 100, "Midnight Blue" entered the Top 40 at #40 on the chart dated 14 June 1975, with the track ranked at #2 on that week's Billboard Easy Listening chart: "Midnight Blue" would spend the weeks of 21–28 June at #1 on the Billboard Easy Listening chart - eventually being cited as the #1 Easy Listening hit of the year 1975 - while on the Hot 100 the track would ascend to a peak of #6 (8 August 1975).
The first of Manchester's fifteen Hot 100 singles, "Midnight Blue" would be the last song composed by Manchester herself to afford her a Top 20 hit as only the second and third of her seven Top 40 hits were self-penned songs neither of which enjoyed the success level of "Midnight Blue" having respective Hot 100 peaks of #30 ("Just Too Many People") and #27 ("Just You & I"): however Manchester would be returned to the Top Ten twice by "outside material" (see "Don't Cry Out Loud" and "You Should Hear How She Talks About You").
A snippet from Manchester's recording of "Midnight Blue" was one of twelve current or recent hits whose lyrics were "borrowed" to provide responses to a "roving reporter" on the scene of a shark attack played by Dickie Goodman on his novelty hit Mr. Jaws which became a Top Ten hit in the autumn of 1975.
Manchester's "Midnight Blue" was featured on the soundtrack of the 1978 film Ice Castles - for which Manchester sang the theme - and also the 2010 film Dirty Girl in which several of Manchester's songs are heard (Manchester has a cameo in the latter film but not as herself).
In October 2020, a re-envisioned version of "Midnight Blue" was released in support of World Singing Day (3rd Sunday in October) The official music video shows Manchester in a new performance of the song, with a backdrop of images of her stage performances of the song over the years.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Other versions
The song has also been recorded by Shirley Bassey, Johnny Mathis, Arthur Prysock, Vanessa Williams and Viola Wills. An Italian rendering, "E L'Amore Che Muore", was recorded by Wess & Dori Ghezzi for their 1975 album Terzo Album and was issued as a single.
In May 1976, it was recorded and released as a single via LS Records by Cristy Lane. In 1985, a music video was later made for the song.
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
External links
1975 songs
Melissa Manchester songs
Cristy Lane songs
Songs written by Melissa Manchester
Songs written by Carole Bayer Sager
1975 singles
Arista Records singles
LS Records singles
1970s ballads
Tammy West (born May 24, 1959) is an American politician who has served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from the 84th district since 2016.
References
1959 births
Living people
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Oklahoma Republicans
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in Oklahoma
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Takaoka, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Toide Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 7.3 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has two ground-level opposed side platforms serving two tracks, connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 4 May 1894. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 870 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Takaoka Minami High School
Takaoka City Hall - Toide branch office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Jōhana Line
Takaoka, Toyama
Hovde Glacier () is a small glacier just west of the Brattstrand Bluffs, and east of Amanda Bay, on the south-eastern shore of Prydz Bay, Antarctica. A short tongue from this glacier extends seaward to nearby Hovde Island. The glacier was first mapped by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, which named the island. It was named "Hovde Ice Tongue" by John H. Roscoe in 1952 following his study of aerial photographs of the area taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, but the term glacier is considered appropriate to this small feature.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Ingrid Christensen Coast
Orophus is a small genus of katydids native to Mexico, Central America, and South America.
Description and habitat
Katydids in this genus have an elongated head with ovoid eyes. The ovipositor is medium-sized, slightly crenulated, curving upwards, and one fifth of the length of the posterior femur. They are found in the understory rather than in the canopy in contrast with other members of the subfamily Phaneropterinae.
Taxonomy
The group was originally named in 1859 by Swiss entomologist Henri Louis Frédéric de Saussure as a subgenus of Phylloptera. It was erected as a separate genus in 1869 by British entomologist Francis Walker. It is in the tribe Amblycoryphini within the subfamily Phaneropterinae. The type species is Orophus mexicanus (originally Phylloptera mexicana). Other genera with species previously placed in Orophus include Eurycorypha and Microcentrum.
, the genus includes seven species split into three species groups:
Species group Orophus mexicanus
Species in this group are light green to yellowish in coloration.
Orophus amazonicus Cadena-Castañeda, 2014 – Colombia
Orophus guatemalae (Saussure & Pictet, 1897) – Central America
Orophus mexicanus (Saussure, 1859) – Mexico, Central America
Species group Orophus ovatus
This species group has variable coloration.
Orophus ovatus (Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1878) – Costa Rica
Species group Orophus tessellatus
Species in this group are quite variable in their coloration and the density of the spots on the forewings, ranging from light to dark green, yellow, pink, or brown.
Orophus andinus Cadena-Castañeda, 2014 – Colombia
Orophus conspersus (Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1878) – Central America and northern South America
Orophus tessellatus (Saussure, 1861) – Mexico, Central America, and South America
References
Phaneropterinae
Orthoptera of North America
Orthoptera of South America
Tula Small is an Australian Singer/Songwriter and TV personality best known for her role on the channel ten series The Recruits, A reality show following the lives of recruits training to be officers in the NSW police force. Tula is also a singer/songwriter in the process of recording her first full length album, to be released from her own independent label, although previous singles have been streamed at Tulamusic.
References
External links
Tulamusic
Tula
The Recruits
NSW police force
1984 births
Living people
George Malik Pickens Jr. (born March 4, 2001) is an American football wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Georgia and was drafted by the Steelers in the second round of the 2022 NFL Draft.
Early years
Pickens attended Hoover High School in Hoover, Alabama. As a senior, he had 69 receptions for 1,368 yards and 16 touchdowns. He played in the 2019 Under Armour All-American Game. A five-star recruit, he originally committed to Auburn University to play college football before changing his commitment to the University of Georgia.
College career
Pickens earned immediate playing time his freshman year at Georgia in 2019, leading the team in receptions (49), receiving yards (727) and receiving touchdowns (8). In the following season Pickens caught 36 passes for 513 yards and a team-leading 6 touchdowns in an 8-game season shortened by the COVID-19 pandemic. In the spring of 2021, Pickens tore his ACL causing him to miss most of his junior season. He returned to play in the final four games of the year, catching just 5 passes, but made an important 52-yard reception in Georgia's win over Alabama in the 2022 College Football Playoff National Championship game. Pickens declared for the 2022 NFL Draft following the season.
Professional career
Pickens was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the second round (52nd overall) of the 2022 NFL Draft.
In week 3 against the Cleveland Browns, Pickens made a catch, which immediately was called "Catch of the Year" and many people are comparing it to Odell Beckham Jr's catch.
References
External links
Pittsburgh Steelers bio
Georgia Bulldogs bio
Living people
People from Hoover, Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
American football wide receivers
Georgia Bulldogs football players
2001 births
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Defenders of Dynatron City is a video game released for the Nintendo Entertainment System by JVC Musical Industries and Lucasfilm Games (later, LucasArts) in August 1992. The designer of the game was Gary Winnick. This was Winnick's first project as sole designer. He was previously the co-designer of Maniac Mansion, alongside Ron Gilbert. It was supported by a short-lived media franchise consisting of an animated TV pilot and a six-issues comic book series.
Videogame
The game centers on a team of superheroes who protect a futuristic metropolis from Dr. Mayhem and his robotic henchmen. The Defenders are:
Ms. Megawatt (voiced by Whoopi Goldberg in the animated special), who can generate electrical energies.
Jet Headstrong (voiced by Pat Fraley in the animated special), who can fire his head like a rocket.
Buzzsaw Girl (voiced by Candi Milo in the animated special), who has a buzzsaw blade instead of legs and feet.
Toolbox (voiced by David Coburn in the animated special), a robot with a smashing hammer head and a litany of useful tool options he can use in combat.
Monkey Kid (voiced by Brian Stokes Mitchell in the animated special), a blue monkey armed with exploding bananas and leader of the team.
Radium Dog, who can fly and has jaws strong enough to pick up cars with his mouth.
Critical response
The game won praise in its preproduction by many video game magazines for the creation of an original superhero team. However, when the game was released it was widely panned by video game critics for, among other things, having a notoriously poor hit detection that required extremely precise aim for attacks to hit enemies.
TV special
The animated pilot was produced by DIC Animation City and was aired on the Fox Kids block on February 22, 1992. . It featured the voices of Whoopi Goldberg and Tim Curry. Originally, Doctor Mayhem was voiced by Christopher Walken. Steve Purcell recalled, "It was lively and hilarious. For god-knows-what-reason, the producers at the last minute replaced him with a more cartooney voice." It failed to be picked up as a series, but was subsequently released on VHS. No DVD or digital download release has surfaced as of yet.
Comics
The comic book adaptation was published Marvel Comics. Written by Steve Purcell and penciled by Frank Cirocco, it ran for six monthly issues, dated from February through July 1992.
References
External links
GameFAQs
1992 video games
LucasArts games
North America-exclusive video games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
Nintendo Entertainment System-only games
Science fiction video games
Superhero teams
Television pilots not picked up as a series
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by George Sanger
The Hothem Cliffs () are a line of abrupt rock cliffs at the north side of the head of Canada Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. They were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1997 after Larry D. Hothem, an American geodesist who wintered-over with the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions at Mawson Station in 1969, and with the United States Geological Survey from 1991. Just west of the cliffs is Unwin Ledge.
References
Cliffs of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Salom Rizk (also known as Sam Risk; born 15 December 1908 in Ottoman Syria, died 22 October 1973 in Silver Spring, Maryland) was a Syrian-American author, best known for his 1943 immigrant autobiography, Syrian Yankee, perhaps the best-known piece of Arab American literature in the middle part of the century. The book has been called "a classic of the immigrant biography genre", especially for the way Rizk's story portrays the American Dream and the virtues of cultural assimilation at the expense of his home country, which he finds loathsome when he returns for a visit. Rizk became well known enough that Reader's Digest sponsored him on a lecture tour around the United States as "the quintessential American immigrant". He also sponsored a drive for the Save the Children Federation, using advertisements in such magazines as Boys' Life to request families send their extra pencils, so that these could be donated to needy school-children around the world as a way of promoting freedom and democracy and fighting tyranny.
Youth and journey to the USA
Rizk was born to Arab Christian parents in Ottoman Syria (likely modern Lebanon). His mother, who had American citizenship, died when he was young, leaving him in the care of an illiterate grandmother who did not tell him of his American citizenship, which he learns of only when he is twelve; it takes him five more years before he is able to obtain his passport. At the same time, he has been told "many wonderful, unbelievable things" about the United States by his teacher, who describes it as "a country like heaven...where everything is bigger and grander and more beautiful than it has ever been anywhere else in the world...where men do the deeds of giants and think the thoughts of God". Rizk realizes, even in his imagination, that America was "everything that my present life was not", especially given the horrors that befell Syria in World War I. As soon as he was able, he left Syria for the United States. At the Port of Beirut, he boarded the S/S Sinaia, which set sail on March 30, 1927 and arrived at the Port of Providence, Rhode Island, on April 27. As the son of Charles Rizk, a naturalized United States citizen, he travelled on U.S. Passport number 323879
Syrian Yankee
Rizk's description of youth is interesting for several reasons: First, it was not common at the time for Syrian immigrants to depict their journey to the United States. Second, Rizk leaves out the obvious fact that his native language is Arabic and distances himself from the Muslim aspects of Syrian culture. Third, despite being dazzled by New York City, Rizk's depiction of America "resembles nothing so much as Hell"; it is not until he returns to his homeland and sees the problems facing both the Middle East and Nazi-era Europe (including the large numbers of Jewish refugees to Palestine) that he recognizes the fulfillment of his American Dream and begins to become a vocal advocate for American values, using his own immigrant status as the grounds for his expertise. In this regard he joined the company of such immigrant writers as Mary Antin and Louis Adamic, who extol the virtues of assimilation
A revised version of the book was published in 2000 by Rizk's friend Rev. Harold Schmidt under the new title America, More than a Country.
Literary significance
Rizk's contributions to American literature come both from the time in which he wrote and from the way he wrote about America. As noted above, his book captures present the American Dream as real, as something that immigrants do in fact achieve. He thus presents what may be called an extremely optimistic view of immigration and assimilation—a view that was not shared by all immigrant authors of this period. But his work is also important for the time in which it was written. At this point in Arab-American literary culture, the New York Pen League involving Khalil Gibran, Mikhail Naimy and Elia Abu Madi (most of whom wrote in Arabic) had dissolved, and the subsequent generation of Arab American writers (mostly poets rather than novelists) was less cohesive and less interested in writing about their Arab heritage or identity. Rizk thus stands out as one of the few Arab Americans from the middle part of the century to achieve widespread attention. At the same time, the goals and achievements of the Pen League could no longer be followed, as the increase in anti-Arab racism (in the wake of the Arab-Israeli conflict then unfolding) made the writers' Arab heritage more of a burden to them, giving them a sense of a "dislocated past". Eventually, with the rise of ethnic pride movements in the latter half of the century, Arab American writers realized that Rizk's willingness to criticize his native culture was counter-productive, reinforcing ugly stereotypes and making Arab American readers feel even less free. Rizk thus stands as a testament to his age, to the changing tides of Arab American history and its vacillation between assimilation and diversity.
References
American autobiographers
Syrian Christians
Syrian novelists
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
Syrian emigrants to the United States
American writers of Syrian descent
1908 births
1973 deaths
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1946 season.
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams, and Daugava won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
1803 was the 17th season of cricket in England since the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Thomas Howard made his debut in important matches.
Honours
Most runs – Lord Frederick Beauclerk 284 at 35.50 (HS 74)
Most wickets – Lord Frederick Beauclerk 12
Events
Prime Minister William Pitt referred to cricket when introducing his Defence Bill.
With the Napoleonic War continuing, loss of investment and manpower impacted cricket and only three first-class matches have been recorded in 1803:
21–24 June: All-England v Surrey at Lord's Old Ground
4–6 July: Nottinghamshire & Leicestershire v Hampshire at Lord's Old Ground
11–12 July: All-England v Surrey at Lord's Old Ground
Another match that has sometimes been regarded as important is H. C. Woolridge's XI v W. R. Capel's XI at Clifford's Park, Rickmansworth, on Friday 26 August. It was originally classified as an important match by the ACS (and thus with first-class status), but the ACS subsequently downgraded its status because of the weak standard of Capel's XI (only three players are known to have played in other first-class matches) and it was possibly scheduled for only one day.
Debutants
1803 debutants included:
Thomas Howard (Hampshire)
Goddard (Hampshire)
John Pointer (Hampshire)
John Sparks (Surrey)
Joseph Dennis
James Lawrell
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Britcher, Samuel, A list of all the principal Matches of Cricket that have been played (1790 to 1805), annual series
1803 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
Soviet industrial espionage of the Concorde programme is alleged to have been carried out from 1959 to 1976. Not all allegations have been verified, but documents from Sud Aviation and BAC development did reach Soviet hands. The resulting Tupolev Tu-144 ultimately made 102 commercial flights, 55 of those with passengers, with no more passenger flights following a crash on 23 May 1978.
Background
The Concorde project was a civil aircraft, so was not subject to typical government secrecy.
Although the Tu-144 does show great similarities with Concorde, and was designed and developed concurrently, it was not a direct copy, as has often been alleged. But, due to harsh self-imposed constraints of time, there were attempts by Soviet insiders to gain access to technological secrets of the development of Concorde. These constraints of time on the Tu-144 development would lead to disaster - its development was only half-finished, and due to safety it had limited passenger service for a few months in early 1978.
Vasili Mitrokhin, a Russian agent who defected, had documents showing that information on Concorde had been obtained.
On 5 June 1969, the Tu-144 broke the sound barrier, with Concorde doing the same on 1 October 1969.
The Tu-144 passed Mach 2 on 26 May 1970.
On Thursday 22 August 1996, Channel 4 broadcast an hour-long documentary Konkordski about the Soviet espionage of Concorde.
Imitative Soviet aircraft
The Soviets had taken inspiration from the design of British airliners on earlier occasions.
Ilyushin Il-62 (January 1963) - Vickers VC10 (June 1962)
Tupolev Tu-154 (October 1968) - Trident (January 1962)
Arrests
Sergei Fabiev (Serge Fabiew) had worked in conjunction with the GRU since 1962, and was arrested on 15 March 1977 when about to board a plane at Orly Airport, after decoded messages from Moscow had congratulated him on obtaining the complete plans of Concorde. On 1 February 1978 he was sentenced to twenty years in prison
MI6 and the CIA informed the DST that Sergei Pavlov needed to be watched closely. On 1 February 1965 Pavlov was due to meet a contact at La Flambée restaurant, and inadvertently sat opposite a DST agent and the agent's stooge female companion for two hours. Pavlov was arrested as he attempted to leave the restaurant, with the blueprints of Concorde's landing gear and anti-lock brakes being found with his belongings. He was deported from France in 1965, travelling back to Moscow to become the deputy minister for civil aviation
Czech Jean Sarrady was arrested by the Direction de la surveillance du territoire (DST) in January 1966, when disguised as a Catholic priest, and received four years in prison
Jean-Paul Soupert, a Swiss retired chemist, was arrested in January 1964 by the Belgian secret service - he had been trained by the GDR, and travelled between East Germany and Belgium
Effect on the design of the Tu-144
The Tu-144 and Concorde were structurally different aircraft designs, so any information acquired about Concorde may not have been able to be directly incorporated in the Tupolev aircraft, anyway. The Tu-144 was 3.7m longer, and was designed to fly faster than Concorde.
The Tu-144 did not have vortices over its wing to provide extra lift at low speed. There were no overseas demonstration sales flights, which Concorde had attempted. The engines were not flight tested before the Tu-144 had first flown.
It was structural failure of the Tupolev aircraft, in a steep dive, that led to catastrophe at an international air show.
References
External links
Development of the Tu-144, October 2017
Cold War and Concorde
Aviation history of France
Aviation history of the United Kingdom
Concorde
Espionage scandals and incidents
Industrial history of France
Industrial history of the United Kingdom
Soviet Union intelligence operations
Trade secrets
Tupolev
Ich'ŏn County is a kun, or county, in northern Kangwŏn province, North Korea. The terrain is predominantly high and mountainous; the highest point is Myongidoksan, 1,585 meters above sea level. The county's borders run along the Masingryong and Ryongam ranges. The chief stream is the Rimjin River.
Administrative divisions
Ich'ŏn county is divided into 1 ŭp (town) and 22 ri (villages):
Economy
Agriculture
Agriculture is limited to the low-lying regions. Sericulture (silk farming) is also practised. Due to the abundant woods, lumbering is also an important industry.
Mining
There are deposits of gold, asbestos, nickel and lead in the county.
Transport
Ich'ŏn is served by roads, and by the Ch'ŏngnyŏn Ich'ŏn line of the Korean State Railway.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
The Cape Government Railways Karoo Class locomotives include three locomotive models, all designated Karoo Class, and one more which entered service shortly after the South African Railways renumbering and classification program came into effect in 1912.
When the Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, the three Colonial government railways (Cape Government Railways, Natal Government Railways and Central South African Railways) were united under a single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. The Cape Government Railways Karoo Class locomotives were grouped into four different sub-classes on the new South African Railways.
CGR Karoo Class 4-6-2 1903 (SAR Class 5A).
CGR Karoo Class 4-6-2 1904 (SAR Class 5B).
CGR Compound Karoo 4-6-2 Experimental (SAR Class Experimental 1).
SAR Classes 5 and 5R.
References
Mitford and Launditch Rural District was a rural district in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1974.
It was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Mitford and Launditch rural sanitary district, taking its name from the two ancient hundreds of Mitford and Launditch. It completely encircled East Dereham Urban District.
The district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972 and became part of the Breckland district. Its boundaries never changed during its 80 year existence.
Statistics
Parishes
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
Cereté is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
Name origin
Cereté comes from the two indigenous words meaning Chere (fish) and te (shelter).
History
Cereté is one of the oldest administrative divisions in the Sinú Region, founded in 1721 by Spanish Francisco Velásquez and Cristóbal Jiménez de León. In 1731 the curate of Cereté-Mocarí was given to jesuits who were in the process of evangelizing local indigenous peoples. The settlement of Cereté was not officially established until 1740 when Juan de Torrezal Díaz Pimienta reorganized the settlement into a village.
Geography and climate
The municipality of Cereté borders to the north with the municipality of San Pelayo, the municipalities of Ciénaga de Oro and San Carlos to the east, the municipalities of San Carlos and Montería to the south and to the west again with the municipalities of San Pelayo and Montería covering a total area of 351.8 km². Cereté has a yearly average temperature of 28 °C and is some 12 m over sea level. The town of Cereté is located some 18 km from the Cordoba Department capital Montería.
The town of Cereté is crossed by the Caño Bugre (Bugre Stream) an affluent of the Sinú River. The Bugre stream was once navigable and connected the town with other river towns like Puerto Wilches and San Pelayo.
Economy
The economy of Cereté is based primarily in cattle raising with some 270 km² used and agriculture with extensive cultivations of cotton (colloquially known as the "white gold") and sorghum covering an area of 80 km².
References
Alcaldía Municipal de Cereté
El Espacio; Cerete
El Meridiano de Cordiba; Cerete
Cordoba
The Biblical Fundamentalist Presbyterian Church in Chile was founded in 1960, as a result of a fundamentalist fraction split from the National Presbyterian Church in Chile.
The church adheres to the Apostles Creed and Westminster Confession.
The denomination has 41 congregations and a Presbyterian church government.
References
External links
Presbyterian denominations in South America
Christian organizations established in 1960
1960 establishments in Chile
Presbyterianism in Chile
Presbyterian denominations established in the 20th century
Fundamentalist denominations
Glenn Ellis Watts (June 4, 1920 – August 30, 2002) was an American labor union leader.
Born in Stony Point, North Carolina, Watts' family moved to Washington, D.C. during the Great Depression. He attended Wilson Teachers College. In 1941, he began working as a telephone installer with the Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company, and he joined the National Federation of Telephone Workers. He was soon elected as president of his local, then began working full-time for the union. He was elected as vice president of District 2 of what had become the Communication Workers of America (CWA), and then in 1956 became an assistant to president Joseph A. Beirne.
Beirne was later elected as vice-president of the union, then in 1969 as secretary-treasurer. In 1974, he succeeded Beirne as president of the union, and led three rounds of successful negotiations with the Bell System, the contract covering more workers than any other at the time. He promoted co-operation with management, and the formation of "quality of work-life" committees. Once the break-up of the Bell System was announced, he launched a Committee for the Future, which met with futurists to plan the future role of the union as communications changed. He also promoted better rights for women at work. He was a vice president of the AFL–CIO, and persuaded the federation to create a Committee on Women.
Watts also served as president of the Postal, Telegraph and Telephone International, in which he prioritized support for unionization in Latin America. He served on the Democratic National Committee, as chair of the board of governors of the United Way of America, on the National Holocaust Memorial Commission, and as a trustee of the Ford Foundation. He retired in 1985, to live in Chevy Chase, Maryland.
References
1920 births
2002 deaths
American trade union leaders
People from Stony Point, North Carolina
The Sonata in B-flat major for piano four-hands, D 617 (Op. 30) by Franz Schubert, is the first of two sonatas for two pianists the composer wrote in his lifetime, the other being the Grand Duo of 1824.
History
Schubert wrote this work in the summer of 1818 while at Zseliz on the Esterházy estate, probably for the two countesses he was tutoring at the time. It was one of a number of works for piano four-hands he composed while resident there.
The work was published in 1823 as the composer's Op. 30 with a dedication to Count Ferdinand Palffy d'Erdöd, proprietor of the Theater an der Vienna. Max Harrison speculates that the dedication may have been connected with the performances of Rosamunde that took place there in the same year.
Structure
The work is in three movements:
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Piano sonatas by Franz Schubert
Compositions for piano four-hands
1818 compositions
Compositions in B-flat major
Music dedicated to nobility or royalty
The Plimpton Sieve Portrait of Queen Elizabeth I is an oil painting by English painter George Gower dated 1579, and now in the collection of the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, D.C. It is one of three near-identical portraits of Elizabeth I by Gower that represent the queen holding a symbolic sieve. It was acquired by George Arthur Plimpton in 1930, hence the name. His son, Francis T. P. Plimpton, willed it to the Folger.
Iconographic description
Three-quarter length portrait of Queen Elizabeth I holding a sieve, with a globe in the left background and the royal coat of arms on the right. The sieve represents her self-identification as the "Virgin Queen" by association with Tuccia, the Roman Vestal Virgin who proved her virginity by carrying water in a sieve.
Inscriptions
The painting has three areas of text in yellow uppercase letters:
"TVTTO VEDO & MOLTO MANCHA" at upper left, on two lines, with the last two letters joined; Italian for "I see everything and much is lacking."
"E R" at upper right, with a gap between the letters; abbreviation for the Latin "Elizabeth Regina" meaning "Elizabeth the Queen."
"STANCHO RIPOSO & RIPOSATO AFFANO 1579" near the upper right, on three lines, with the second and third letters superimposed to form one character; a line from Petrarch's Trionfo D'Amore, IV, 1.145, followed by the year the painting was executed; Italian for "Weary, I have rested, and having rested, am breathless."
Other versions
There are at least two other versions of Gower's Sieve Portrait. One is known only through an 18th-century description by George Vertue. The other measures 34 x 24 inches and is now in a private collection in Florida.
References
Cultural depictions of Elizabeth I
English Renaissance
Renaissance paintings
English paintings
Elizabeth I of England
16th-century portraits
Portraits of Elizabeth I of England
Portraits of the English royal family
Portraits of women
Folger Shakespeare Library
Random Hearts is a 1999 American romantic drama film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas. Based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Warren Adler, the film is about a police officer and a Congresswoman who discover that their spouses were having an affair prior to being killed in an air disaster.
Plot
Sergeant William "Dutch" Van Den Broeck is a police sergeant in the Internal Affairs Division of the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Police Department, working on a case involving a crooked detective. He is married to a fashion editor. Kay Chandler is a Congresswoman running for re-election. She is married to a lawyer and has a teenage daughter.
A Boeing 737-300 bound for Miami crashes, and everyone on board is killed. Dutch realizes that his wife was on the plane, but the airline has no record of her. He believes that she was registered under another name and was having an affair, and he finds out that she was sitting next to Kay's husband. Wanting to learn more about the affair, he meets with Kay. Concerned about the publicity, she is not willing to talk and tells him to leave her alone.
Dutch goes to Miami and visits the hotel that his wife was planning to go to. Kay, who has changed her mind, meets with him there. They talk more about the situation. After flying back home, they kiss in her car. Dutch goes to a campaign fundraiser for Kay and convinces her to not drop out of the race.
Dutch invites Kay to his cabin near Chesapeake Bay. She visits him, and they have sex. He still wants to know more about the affair and believes that their two spouses had an apartment together, but Kay tells him that they should forget about the past and move on with their lives.
Stressed, Dutch is suspended from his job after assaulting a suspect. He and Kay each find out about the apartment separately. When Dutch goes to visit the apartment, he finds Kay already there cleaning everything out. She leaves, and he chases her into the street, where he is shot by the suspect in his case. He lives, and the suspect is caught.
With rumors about their relationship growing, Kay publicly confirms that she and Dutch are friends. Dutch soon gets promoted to lieutenant, and Kay loses her bid for re-election. As she is leaving Washington, Dutch meets her at the airport. They are happy to see each other, and he asks if he can take her out on a date sometime.
Cast
Production
The film was stuck in development hell for 15 years before finally being made. In the 1980s, actor Dustin Hoffman met with the book's author with a view to making the film. Although Hoffman prompted CBS Theatrical Films to acquire the rights with a view to his starring in the film, he rejected several drafts of the script before leaving the project altogether. In the early 1990s, Kevin Costner was attached to star in the project, which was then to be directed by James L. Brooks, though this, too, never came to pass. The crash of the Boeing 737 was inspired by the crash of Air Florida Flight 90, a Boeing 737-200 that took off from Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport with destination to Tampa Bay, Florida.
Reception
Critical response
Random Hearts was poorly received by critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes retrospectively gives the film a rating of 15% based on reviews collected from 87 critics. The site's consensus states: "Even Harrison Ford could not save the dull plot and the slow pacing of the movie." Metacritic calculated an average score of 38 out of 100, based on 35 reviews. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "C-" on an A+ to F scale.
In a positive review from The New York Times, Janet Maslin wrote that the films of Sydney Pollack "have managed to be linear while also drifting thoughtfully through the nuances of their characters' behavior, with a stylistic polish and keenness of observation not often found in American films any more." Maslin also noted that "laconic Ford is wrenchingly effective throughout."
In the Chicago Sun-Times, Roger Ebert wrote, "There are so many good things in Random Hearts, but they're side by side instead of one after the other. They exist in the same film, but they don't add up to the result of the film. Actually, the film has no result—just an ending, leaving us with all of those fine pieces, still waiting to come together. If this were a screenplay and not the final product, you could see how with one more rewrite, it might all fall into place."
Box office
With an estimated budget of $64,000,000, Random Hearts was not a commercial success domestically, earning $31,502,583 in the United States and Canada. The film went on to earn another $43,105,987 in international markets, ending up with a total worldwide gross of $74,608,570.
References
External links
1999 films
1999 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Sydney Pollack
Films scored by Dave Grusin
Films based on American novels
Films based on romance novels
Films shot in Baltimore
Films shot in Florida
Films shot in New Jersey
Films shot in New York (state)
Films shot in Virginia
Films shot in Washington, D.C.
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Hu Zongnan (; 16 May 1896 – 14 February 1962), courtesy name Shoushan (壽山), was a Chinese general in the National Revolutionary Army and then the Republic of China Army. Together with Chen Cheng and Tang Enbo, Hu, a native of Zhenhai, Ningbo, formed the triumvirate of Chiang Kai-shek's most trusted generals during the Second Sino-Japanese War. After the retreat of the Nationalists to Taiwan in 1949, he also served as the President's military strategy advisor until his death in 1962.
Campaigns against warlords
Hu was in the first graduating class of Whampoa Military Academy (1924). One of Chiang Kai-shek's favourite students, he took part in the Northern Expedition as CO of 2nd Regiment, 1st Division, First Army. In May 1927 he was promoted to deputy CO of 1st Division while retaining command of 2nd Regiment. In November of the same year he was assigned as CO of the 22nd Division and led the division during the second Northern Expedition in April 1928. In August his division was downsized to the 2nd Brigade of 1st Division, and he served as CO of this brigade which Chiang thought highly of. In 1929 and 1930 he led his brigade in the Central Plains War to defend the central government against the regional warlords such as the Gui clique, Feng Yuxiang and Yan Xishan. He was promoted and given command of a reorganised 1st Division upon his return.
He participated in Chiang's communist extermination campaigns, was given command of First Army in 1936, and took part in the Battle of Shanghai and Wuhan, variously leading the Seventeenth Army, 34th Army Group, 8th Military Region and 1st Military Region. Hu proved himself in these battles and along with Tang Enbo, Xue Yue, and others, Hu became one of the Kuomintang generals his enemy deeply feared and respected. However, Hu's glory on the battlefields was short-lived, and much to the delight of his Japanese enemy, Hu nearly vanished after these battles and rarely participated in the rest of war because he was put in charge of more than 400,000 Kuomintang troops by Chiang Kai-shek to blockade the communist base in Shaanxi. Hu Zongnan would have preferred to die for his country on the battlefields fighting the Japanese invaders, even the communist agents infiltrated his inner circle would have to admit that Hu had shown his eagerness to fight the Japanese from time to time, but as a professional soldier, he dutifully carried out his order given by Chiang Kai-shek by staying at this job for the rest of war.
During this time, Hu's rivalry with Chen Cheng continued while his friendship with Dai Li deepened, leading to Hu's engagement to Ye Xiadi (叶霞翟), who was a Juntong agent working under Dai Li and was introduced to Hu by Dai. Hu and Ye eventually married in 1948, when Hu was 52, almost two decades to Ye's senior.
Resumption of the Chinese Civil War
After World War II, Hu Zongnan battled the Communist Party of China and in the early stage of the struggle, was once successful in taking Yan'an, the capital of the communist base in Shaanxi. However, Hu was unable to achieve any further significant victories because out of the original 400,000 troops he once commanded for most part of the war, a great portion was transferred to other commands after the war, leaving only 250,000 for Hu himself at the time. It was rumored that Hu's rivalries within Kuomintang around Chiang Kai-shek such as Chen Cheng were jealous of him and convinced Chiang to reduce Hu's power. With the death of his close ally Dai Li, there was nobody to defend Hu Zongnan in front of Chiang, and since Hu himself was in the distant land in the remote corner of China busy fighting the communists, he could not abandon his job and go to Chiang to explain himself in the political infighting within the Kuomintang. Although Hu Zongnan was a capable commander, he was nonetheless not a match for his communist opponent Peng Dehuai, and with the absolute numerical and technical superiorities, Hu's a quarter million troops not only failed to defeat the communist Peng Dehuai's 20,000 strong force, but after their initial success, also continuously suffered numerous defeats that greatly reduced Hu's strength. The loss of his troops was so great that in March 1950, when Hu retreated to Taiwan, he was by himself and did not have any troops left.
However, it must be said that Hu's defeat had much more to do to his political personality than his military capability. More importantly, Chiang Kai-shek's overconfidence, political zeal and infatuation with holding on to the land conquered like that of Hitler's also contributed greatly to Kuomintang's failure. The rugged terrain of the northwestern China favored the communists defenders and their guerrilla warfare and not suitable for the mechanized nationalist troops, a large number of which was needed to defend the newly captured regions. During Hu Zongnan's initial success, he was able to overrun the communists base in Shaanxi and forced the communists to evacuate most of their governmental bodies to the east of the Yellow River at a cost of merely losing 20,000 troops out of a quarter million totals in the process, but in order to guard the newly conquered vast regions, the nationalist troops were dangerously overstretched and spread thin. For example, it would take 80,000 troops to capture and guard Yan'an, the former communist capital in Shaanxi, but the political symbolism was simple too much for Chiang Kai-shek and the Kuomintang to forsake, and as a result, the political zeal overrode the military practicality. Hu Zongnan was aided by Ma Clique Muslim cavalry when seizing Yan'an.
Another lethal curse on Hu Zongnan and his troops was Chiang Kai-shek's infatuation with holding on to the conquered land: the regions was simply too large and too rugged to be guarded by any relatively small but highly mobile mechanized force, and thus a large number of troops must be stationed in the geographically isolated regions to guard these regions. The reasons that such a great force was needed were that the communists main force was not damaged in any way during the nationalist campaigns and was still able to launch assaults on the nationalists, and Chiang Kai-shek's overconfidence caused him to believe that the 20,000 strong communist main force engaged in guerrilla warfare in its former base was not a threat, which proved to be fatally wrong. In order to achieve what Chiang had wished, a force much larger than 400,000 were needed, and 230,000 troops Hu had under his command certainly was not enough to do the job.
The American TIME magazine claimed Hu beat his chest like Tarzan when he was frustrated or angry. In March, 1948, at Ichuan Peng Dehuai led Communist forces to launch a surprise attack against Hu Zongnan's forces, inflicting 20,000 casualties upon them, and drove all the way with 60,000 soldiers into southern Shaanxi province to reach Sichuan, General Hu requested immediate help from Muslim Governor Ma Hongkui, who sent two Muslim cavalry divisions. They defeated the Communist forces at Pao-chi and inflicted 20,000 dead upon the Communists, expelling them into Gansu.
In 1949 the entire Kuomintang defences were falling apart. General Hu Zongnan ignored President Li Zongren's orders, and the Muslim General Ma Hongkui was furious at this. Hu also did not honor promises to Ma Hongkui and the other Muslim Ma Clique Generals. Ma Hongkui sent a telegram to Li Zongren to submit his resignation from all positions he held, then Ma Hongkui fled to Taiwan, and his cousin Ma Hongbin took charge of his positions.
Legacy
Hu Zongnan, as a capable military commander was not unaware of these problems the nationalists had faced, but as a loyal subject of this superior, Hu could not challenge Chiang Kai-shek, especially when such actions would provide the false impression of him being holding and expanding his own power, leading the way to become a new warlord, since he was already being called the Northwestern King not only by the communists, but also his rivalries within the Kuomintang itself. Therefore, Hu faithfully obeyed his orders given by Chiang Kai-shek and did not offer any opposition when his force was drastically reduced even though it needed to be greatly boosted if Chiang Kai-shek's intentions to be carried out, and eventually ended up in the inevitable defeats: it was merely after losing only a little more than 13,000 troops out of the total 230,000 in the three battles, the nationalists offensives in the former communist base had effectively ended because there was not enough troops to guard every newly conquered region and launching assaults on the communist main force at the same time. The communists were able to rest and regroup after these three battles and capitalize on this stalemate, eventually turning the table on the nationalist by decimating the Kuomintang force gradually, one small chunk at a time. Although Chiang Kai-shek would send Hu Zongnan reinforcement which was eventually greater than what Hu had commanded during World War II, it did not help Hu's situation because such reinforcement was sent in small numbers one at a time, thus a decisive blow to the communist main force could not be launched with numerical and technical superiority in a single strike. In contrast, the communists were able to concentrate their force to launch decisive blows to every nationalist garrison they engaged every time by achieving numerical superiority, taking out the Kuomintang units gradually. Hu Zongnan's failure was large not due to his military capability, but he was blamed by his rivals afterward. Another reason for Hu's failure was because that his most trusted assistant, Major General Xiong Xianghui was a communist spy. Xiong secretly joined communist party in December 1936 at Tsinghua University and under the direct order of Zhou Enlai, Xiong went to work for Hu Zongnan in December 1937. Xiong excelled in his work and since March 1939, he had become Hu's most trusted subordinate and named Xiong his secretary, a position Xiong held until May, 1947, when he was sent to the USA by Hu Zongnan to study. It was not after Xiong left Hu did Hu discovered Xiong's true identity, and obviously, it was not Hu Zongnan's fault and Hu himself was fooled and thus a victim as well, but Hu's political enemy, such as those in Chen Cheng's camp, accused him of harboring communists, a charge later resurfaced after the nationalist had withdrawn to Taiwan, and Hu was cleared for both times. After the KMT fled to Taiwan, he served as governor of Zhejiang (Chekiang) from 1952, commanded the ROC defense in the First Taiwan Strait Crisis and retired from the army in 1955. He went on to serve as the President's military strategy advisor until his death on 14 February 1962.
References
Ministry of National Defense R.O.C
Generals of World War II http://www.generals.dk/
US Naval War College
https://web.archive.org/web/20090326011824/http://cgsc.leavenworth.army.mil/carl/download/csipubs/bjorge_huai.pdf
External links
胡宗南
Biography of General Hu Tsung-nan
Chinese military personnel of World War II
National Revolutionary Army generals from Zhejiang
1896 births
1962 deaths
Politicians from Ningbo
Kuomintang politicians in Taiwan
Whampoa Military Academy alumni
People of the Northern Expedition
Recipients of the Order of Blue Sky and White Sun
Republic of China politicians from Zhejiang
Chinese Civil War refugees
Taiwanese people from Zhejiang
Chinese anti-communists
The Mitsubishi Racing Lancer (code-named MRX09) is a cross-country rally car developed by Mitsubishi Motors for competing in 2009 Dakar rally. "MRX09" stands for Mitsubishi Rally X-Country. The car was built to the FIA's Group T1 rules, and competed in the 2009 Dakar Rally. It has a tubular steel frame with carbon fiber bodywork. Unlike previous Mitsubishi cross-country rally cars, the Racing Lancer's bodywork resembles the Mitsubishi Lancer Sportback instead of the Mitsubishi Pajero.
References
External links
2009 Dakar participation with four diesel-turbo Racing Lancers
Mitsubishi Motors' Motorsports official blog: 2009 Dakar Rally
Racing Lancer
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Rally raid cars
Oberhofen Castle is a castle in the municipality of Oberhofen of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
During the High Middle Ages the Freiherr von Oberhofen built Balm Castle on a hill above the village. In 1200, a daughter of the family, Ita, married into the von Eschenbach family and gave this family the castle and village. In the 13th century they began a new, moated castle on the shores of Lake Thun. One of the last owners of the castle, Walter IV von Eschenbach, was assassinated along with King Albert I in 1308 by Albert's nephew John. In 1306 the von Eschenbach family was forced to sell Oberhofen and the castle to the Habsburgs. The Habsburgs appointed a succession of vassals to administer the area for them, especially the Kyburgs who also owned Thun Castle. Following the Kyburg defeat in the Burgdorferkrieg of 1383-84 and the decisive Habsburg defeat at the Battle of Sempach in 1386, Bern began to expand into the Austrian lands in the Bernese Oberland. They occupied Oberhofen in 1386 and were finally able to purchase or usurp all the land and rights from every feudal landholder in 1397. In the following year they sold the castle and Oberhofen Herrschaft to Ludwig von Seftigen, a citizen of Bern.
Over the following centuries the town, castle and herrschaft passed through several Bernese patrician families. After the male line of the von Erlach family in Oberhofen died out in 1652, Bern acquired the castle and lands. They created the bailiwick of Oberhofen and converted Oberhofen Castle into the administrative center for the bailiwick. Following the 1798 French invasion, Oberhofen am Thunersee became part of the Helvetic Republic Canton of Oberland. After the collapse of the Republic and 1803 Act of Mediation it joined the newly created Thun District.
The castle passed into private hands after 1803 and had several owners in the following years. In 1849-52 the Pourtàles family renovated and expanded the castle to its present appearance. In 1940 the American William Maul Measy established the Oberhofen Castle foundation to administer and maintain the castle. In 1952 it became a part of the Historical Museum of Bern and two years later they opened a branch in the castle.
Castle site
The central keep probably dates from around 1200 and is about with thick walls. The rest of the castle developed in the following centuries around this ancient keep. A chapel was added to the first floor of the keep on the lakeside in 1473. Perhaps at the same time a tower was built in the lake. The lake tower appears in an illustration of the castle in 1680.
After Bern took over the castle from the von Erlach family it became the seat of a Bernese bailiff and was expanded. By 1700, the Bernese renovations were mostly complete. The original tower was partly surrounded by new buildings done in the Bernese Baroque style. On the lakeside the Garden Room was built and the water tower demolished. Over the next centuries, the castle remained virtually unchanged until the castle went back into private ownership. The Neuchâtel-Prussian Count de Pourtàles rebuilt the castle in a Romantic style between 1849 and 1852. The north-eastern side of the keep was rebuilt, as was the entire western facade. A park was added south of the castle. The water tower was rebuilt and crowned with a fanciful spire. In the interior of the castle, a dining hall and grand hall were built. On the upper floors the ornate library and a Turkish smoking room were added. The Turkish smoking room was based on similar rooms from wealthy houses in Cairo and built in 1853 to 1855 on plans from the Bernese architect Theodor Zerleeder. Count Albert Alexander de Pourtalè had spent several years in Istanbul as a Prussian diplomat.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Oberhofen Castle website
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Oberhofen am Thunersee
Olena Fedorivna Bondarenko () is a member of All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland", People's Deputy of Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, Chairman of the Subcommittee on gender issues at the Committee on human rights, national minorities and international relations (since July 2006), member of Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko fraction (from May 2006 till December 2012).
In 2000, she was awarded with Order of Merit, III class.
Biography
Bondarenko was born on February 13, 1955, in Taishet, Irkutsk region, Russia in a concentration camp for political prisoners. Her father was a surgeon Ferenc Varkoni (1920–1988), her mother Olga Bondarenko (b. 1926) was an engineer.
Bondarenko is married, her husband Dmitry Basiliya (b. 1948) is a physician, they have one daughter Olga (b. 1990).
She graduated Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv twice:
1994 - Faculty of Journalism
2000 - Legal Faculty
Career
August 1979 - June 1983 - Accountant, Luhansk Organization of the Union of Writers of Ukraine
February 1984 - August 1986 - Assistant, Luhansk organization of the "Znanie" (eng.- knowledge) society
September 1986- May 1993 - radio announcer, Luhansk clothing association "Style", correspondent of the newspaper "Patriot Rodiny" (eng.- patriot of the homeland)
Mai 1989 - June 1990 VKR UNDL. December 1989- October 1991 - Deputy Chairman, Luhansk regional Rukh organization
October 1991 - June 1993 - chairman, Lugansk regional Rukh organization
June 1993-April 1994 - Head of political analysis department, Rukh secretariat
April 1994 - 1997 - Deputy Chairman of the Rukh movement, Head of ideology, propaganda and agitation sector
January 1997 - May 1998 - editor-in-chief of the newspaper "Chas/Time"
Verkhovna Rada
March 1998 - April 2002 - People's Deputy of Ukraine in the 3rd Verkhovna Rada, No. 13 on the list, elected from Rukh.
At the time of the election Bondarenko was Deputy Chairman of the Rukh movement, editor-in-chief of the newspaper "Chas/Time". In Verkhovna Rada she was member of the Committee on Rules, deputy ethics and organizational management of Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine (since July 1998).
January 2005-April 2006 - People's Deputy of the 4th convocation in Verkhovna Rada, from the Viktor Yushchenko bloc "Our Ukraine", No. 74 in the list. Member of the Committee on freedom of speech and information (since April 2005).
since April 2006 - People's Deputy of Ukraine in the 5th Verkhovna Rada, elected from the Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc, No. 89 in the list. At the time of elections she was MP, a member of the Fatherland bloc.
since November 2007 - People's Deputy of the 6th convocation, elected from Yulia Tymoshenko bloc
Chairman of the Subcommittee on international legal affairs and gender policy committee of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on human rights, national minorities and international relations
Member of Returning Board of the 6th Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine
Member of the Ukrainian part of the Interparliamentary Assembly of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania and the Sejm and Senate of Poland
Member of the Ukrainian part of the Interparliamentary Assembly of Ukraine and the Republic of Poland
Member of the permanent delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with the Republic of Lithuania
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with the French Republic
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with the Federal Republic of Germany
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with the Republic of Portugal
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with the Kingdom of Malaysia
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with Poland
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with Israel
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Member of the Group for Interparliamentary Relations with the Republic of Croatia
Bondarenko was placed at number 105 on the electoral list of Batkivshchina during the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election. She was not re-elected into parliament. She did not participate in the 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election.
Hobbies
Bondarenko is fond of poetry and music. She's been the author of the collection of poems "Youth Age" (1980). Her works were printed in Bulgarian, Polish, Belarusian and Russian languages. She is fluent in the Polish language.
See also
All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland"
2007 Ukrainian parliamentary election
List of Ukrainian Parliament Members 2007
References
Living people
1955 births
People's Movement of Ukraine politicians
All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland" politicians
Third convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Fourth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Fifth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Sixth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Ukrainian journalists
People from Tayshetsky District
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Russian emigrants to Ukraine
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv alumni
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 3rd class
21st-century Ukrainian women politicians
20th-century Ukrainian women politicians
Fencing at the 1974 Asian Games was held in Tehran, Iran between 3 and 13 September 1974.
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Participating nations
References
New Straits Times, September 7–16, 1974
The Straits Time, September 7–16, 1974
External links
Asian Games medalists
1974 Asian Games events
1974
Asian Games
St. Joseph Parish is a church designated for Polish immigrants in Ansonia, Connecticut, United States.
Founded in 1925, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
History
In June 1925, Bishop John J. Nilan appointed Vincentian Fr. Aloysius Zielenznik, C.M., as pastor of the new St. Joseph Parish. The priest's first Mass for the Polish congregation was celebrated on July 12, 1925, at a Central St. hall rented from an Italian society.
The church was dedicated on September 6, 1926. Ten days later, St. Joseph School opened, staffed by the Sisters of the Holy Family of Nazareth.
The parish had long felt the need of a church bell that would summon the faithful to church services. Their desires to have a church bell were realized in 1950 when Fr. Casimir Kwiatkowski passed through Winchester, New Hampshire, and noticed a bell for sale in front of a Protestant church. He made inquiry and purchased the bell, valued at $3,000, for $495. On the occasion of administering the sacrament of Confirmation in the parish, October 14, 1950, Bishop Henry J. O'Brien, D.D. blessed the century-old bell and named it Casimir. The bell was rung for the first time on November 1, 1950, the day the dogma of the Assumption was solemnly proclaimed in Rome by Pope Pius XII.
Pastors
Fr. Aloysius Zielenznik C.M. (1925-1929)
Fr. Joseph Janowski C.M. (1929-1936)
Fr. Casimir Kwiatkowski C.M. (1936-)
...
Fr. Marek Sobczak C.M.
Fr. Roman Kmieć C.M.
Fr. Tadeusz Maciejewski C.M.
School
St. Joseph School
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Joseph - Diocesan information
St. Joseph - Catholicmasstime.org
Parish bulletin
Parish history
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Ansonia, Connecticut
Churches in New Haven County, Connecticut
Bolqosheh () is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 39 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Mark Jay Mirsky (born 1939 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American writer and professor of English at City College of New York.
Work
Mirsky's first three novels (Thou Worm Jacob, Proceedings of the Rabble, and Blue Hill Avenue) present a humorous and scathing portrait of the Jewish community of and around Blue Hill Avenue in Dorchester. He also published a pair of novellas under the name The Secret Table. The first story, "Dorchester, Home and Garden," deals with a man who returns to the burnt-out Jewish district on Blue Hill Avenue, and the second, "Onan's Child", is a retelling of the biblical story of Onan.
Mirsky's later, more experimental, works include The Red Adam, a novel written in the form of a "discovered" document unearthed in a Massachusetts library sometime in the 1940s. Mirsky also wrote several books of nonfiction including My Search for the Messiah: Studies and Wanderings in Israel and America and The Absent Shakespeare. His latest book, Dante, Eros, and Kabbalah, is a combination of literary criticism, Jewish mysticism and personal narrative.
Mirsky has also edited, and wrote the introduction for, Diaries: Robert Musil 1899-1942, and published several works and articles in The Partisan Review, New Directions Annual, The Boston Sunday Globe, and The New York Times Book Review. He is currently the editor of Fiction, a literary magazine at City College which he founded in 1972 with Donald Barthelme and Max Frisch.
One of Mirsky's plays, Mother Hubbard's Cupboard, was performed as part of the 2007 New York International Fringe Festival.
Bibliography
Thou Worm Jacob (1967), Macmillan.
Proceedings of the Rabble (1970), The Bobbs-Merrill Company.
Blue Hill Avenue (1972), The Bobbs-Merrill Company.
The Secret Table (1975), NY Fiction Collective.
My Search for the Messiah: Studies and Wanderings in Israel and America (1977), Macmillan .
The Red Adam (1990), Sun & Moon Press.
The Absent Shakespeare (2002), Fairleigh Dickinson University Press.
Dante, Eros and Kabbalah (2003), Syracuse University Press.
Puddingstone: Franklin Park (2014), self-published on Amazon.
A Mother's Steps: A Meditation on Silence (2016), self-published on Amazon.
References
External links
Fiction Literary Magazine
Mark Mirsky about 9/11
Interview about Dante, Eros and Kabbalah - at The Brooklyn Rail.
Review of Mother Hubbard's Cupboard - at NY Theatre.
Living people
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
American academics of English literature
City College of New York faculty
1939 births
Jewish American novelists
American male short story writers
20th-century American short story writers
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from New York (state)
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
21st-century American Jews
Chemical oxidation may refer to:
Redox reactions, which involving oxidation and reduction of chemicals
In situ oxidation, an environmental remediation technique
Magyarhertelend is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Curtley Benjamin Williams (born 19 March 1990) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a right back for Felixstowe & Walton United.
Career
Early career
Born in Ipswich, Suffolk, Williams was on the books of local club Ipswich Town from the age of 10. He was later named captain of the U18s team, but was released from the club in the summer of 2008 without being offered a professional contract. Williams became part of the Glenn Hoddle Academy in Spain, before returning to England to sign for Conference North club Stafford Rangers helping them to move into the top half of the table. In February 2010, he returned to Spain to play for Jerez Industrial as part of his development.
Williams joined Conference South club Chelmsford City in February 2011, signing a short-term contract until the end of the 2010–11 season. He made seven league appearances for the club, before being released at the end of the season. In September 2011, he joined Conference Premier club A.F.C. Telford United on deadline day. A week later he was sent out on loan to Northern Premier League Premier Division club Buxton, making his debut against Nantwich Town. Following his release, Williams played for a short time in South Africa.
Lowestoft Town
In 2012, Williams joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Lowestoft Town, later signing a contract in January 2013 through to the end of the 2013–14 season. He made his debut for the club in a 3–2 away win over Enfield Town on 1 December 2012. Williams suffered a hamstring injury during the warm-up before a 1–0 away win over Kingstonian on 25 March 2013, missing four games before making a return to the starting lineup in a 2–0 away win over Canvey Island on 6 April 2013. He went on to make a total of 23 league appearances, scoring once in a 4–1 home win over Cray Wanderers on 9 April 2013. He helped Lowestoft to finish in second position in the league table, thus qualifying for the Isthmian League Premier Division play-offs after a 1–0 home win over Hendon on 27 April 2013. Williams played in the play-off semi-final, as Lowestoft earned a 1–0 win over East Thurrock United on 1 May 2013 to advance to the play-off final. Williams and his Lowestoft teammates suffered a 2–1 defeat to Concord Rangers on 6 May 2013, resulting in the club being defeated in three successive play-off finals.
During the 2013–14 season, Williams made 33 league appearances, including three assists. He helped Lowestoft to keep 17 clean sheets in the games he was involved in, as the club once again qualified for the Isthmian League Premier Division play-offs after a 3–0 home win over Harrow Borough on 26 April 2014. However, Williams suffered a setback during the game as he clattered into the advertising boards, injuring his shoulder and had to be replaced. As a result of the injury, he missed the 2–1 play-off semi-final win over Bognor Regis Town on 30 April 2014. Williams also missed the 3–0 play-off final win over A.F.C. Hornchurch on 5 May 2014, as Lowestoft were finally promoted to the Conference North after three successive play-off final defeats.
Luton Town
On 15 May 2014, Williams was signed by League Two club Luton Town on a two-year professional contract, after manager John Still had been tracking his progress at Lowestoft. He made his Luton debut in a 1–0 home win over Cheltenham Town on 13 September 2014. He made his second successive appearance in a 0–0 draw with York City on 16 September 2014, followed by a third successive appearance in a 1–0 away win over Cambridge United on 20 September 2014. However, Williams suffered an injury after 27 minutes and was replaced by Andy Drury. Thereafter, he continued to struggle with injuries throughout the season, failing to make any further appearances and was placed on the transfer list in May 2015.
Despite being placed on the transfer list, Williams remained with Luton for the entirety of the 2015–16 season, failing to make a single appearance and was an unused substitute on five occasions.
On 10 May 2016, it was announced that Williams would not have his contract renewed and would leave the club at the end of his contract.
Dagenham & Redbridge
Williams signed a one-year contract with newly relegated National League club Dagenham & Redbridge on 6 June 2016, with the option of a further year. He debuted on the opening day of 2016–17 in a 3–0 win at home to Southport. After starting the first five matches of the season, Williams sustained a knee injury that would rule him out until March. He made his return to the team in the starting lineup at home to York City on 25 March 2017, which resulted in a 1–0 win. Williams started in the second leg of the play-off semi-final defeat to Forest Green Rovers, losing 3–1 on aggregate, and finished the season with 11 appearances. He was released by Dagenham & Redbridge when his contract expired at the end of 2016–17.
Needham Market
In December 2017, Williams signed for Isthmian League Premier Division club Needham Market.
Stowmarket Town
On 31 July 2019 it was confirmed, that Williams had signed a one-year contract with Stowmarket Town.
Felixstowe & Walton United
He signed for Felixstowe & Walton United ahead of the 2021–22 in the Isthmian League Division One North.
Career statistics
Honours
Lowestoft Town
Isthmian League Premier Division play-offs: 2013–14
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ipswich
Footballers from Suffolk
English footballers
Association football defenders
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Jerez Industrial CF players
Chelmsford City F.C. players
AFC Telford United players
Buxton F.C. players
Lowestoft Town F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
Needham Market F.C. players
Stowmarket Town F.C. players
Felixstowe & Walton United F.C. players
National League (English football) players
Northern Premier League players
Isthmian League players
English Football League players
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Denmark Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match. Denmark have taken part in the competition since 1921.
Players
References
Lists of Davis Cup tennis players
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
The Nahr al-Kalb (, meaning Dog River) is a river in Lebanon. It runs for from a spring in Jeita near the Jeita Grotto to the Mediterranean Sea.
Inscriptions
Nahr al-Kalb is the ancient Lycus River. Past generals and conquerors have traditionally built monuments at the mouth of the Nahr al-Kalb, known as the Commemorative stelae of Nahr el-Kalb.
The entire site of the Nahr el-Kelb valley with the archaeological sites it conceals is classified on the indicative list of UNESCO world heritage.
Geography
The river originates at a low altitude from a source that originates from the Jeita Grotto. The river receives the seasonal contribution of torrents from Mount Lebanon, and is almost dry in summer.
Notes
Kalb
Tourism in Lebanon
Tourist attractions in Lebanon
Our Lady of the Rosary Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1917. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
The Diocese of Springfield announced that the parish would close after Mass on January 28, 2018, owing to declining attendance and maintenance issues. Immaculate Conception Parish will serve as the receiving parish.
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Our Lady of the Rosary - Diocesan Information
Our Lady of the Rosary - ParishesOnline.com
Our Lady of the Rosary - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Superhiks () is a Macedonian ska-punk and reggae band with occasional swing, Latin and Balkan folk music elements from Skopje, North Macedonia. They gained international prominence after appearing on MTV France, MTV Israel and MTV Adria. They were also the first Macedonian band to reach the top of the charts on MTV Adria.
Biography
The band was formed by three high school friends: Petar Mladenovski (frontman and bass guitar), Boris Minov (guitar) and Zoran Žežov (drums) in the early 1990s, starting with a mixture of ska and hardcore punk music.
After several personal changes, today the six-member band also features a three-piece horn section consisting of Sime Zlatkov (saxophone), Aleksandar Spasovski (trumpet), Branko Ilievski (trombone) and DJ Goce Lalkovski as well as drums and percussion played by Darko Popov-Daro.
Superhiks shared stages with many world-famous acts such as: Manu Chao and Radio Bemba, Fun Lovin Criminals, Fishbone, Tito and Tarantula, Henry Rollins, Rico Rodriguez, H-Block, Faith No More, Green Day, House Of Pain, Inner Circle, Zvonko Bogdan and many others.
The band's debut release, Čekaj be vikam, kade be malku (Wait a Second…) was released on the Lithium Records label in 2000 and received radio air and TV play on all commercial stations nationwide. The album was reviewed in national and international publications and received critical acclaim for its distinctive sound and socially conscious attitude. The video for its third single Rade was shown on MTV France and MTV Israel as well as other European TV stations.
Superhiks appeared on numerous national and international compilations such as Ska Generation (BRP Records), I Woke up in motion (H.O.P.S. Contact Recs.), Ska Factor Positive (Ohoho Records) and others.
Their follow-up album Trumano was released in November 2003 again on the Lithium Records label. During the first month, 25,000 copies sold out. Trumano's four singles followed Rade's success and occupied all the radio and TV charts in Macedonia as well as the Balkans. The record was supported by aggressive touring nationwide and around Europe in 2004. The tour finished with a three-hour show in their hometown, Skopje, in front of 5000 people. It is also notable that Trumano contained private mobile phone conversations between the band members on several songs.
In 2006 Superhiks released their third (live) album from their biggest concert. 35,000 copies were printed and it was sold out in less than seven days. In May 2012 they released a new single, "".
In December 2012 they self-released their fourth studio album, called Africa.
Superhiks were awarded the best Macedonian band in 2001, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2010, and 2012, and their Skopje Fair concert was awarded the best rock concert in 2004 in Macedonia.
In December 2012 they played a concert in Metropolis Arena in Skopje, in front of 6000 fans.
In June 2015 they played an overcrowded club concert in Club Havana-Skopje in front of 1500 fans.
In June 2015 they released their second single for their fifth upcoming studio album. The song was called "Miki Lee" and had huge success on the radio charts in Macedonia.
Discography
Chekaj be, vikam... kade be, malku! (2001) – Lithium Records
Trumano (2003) – Lithium Records
Live at Skopski Saem (2004) – Lithium Records
...i sega shto? (2008) – Lithium Records
Afrika (2012) – DY Records
The best of 20!..so far (2014) – Jugoton Records
Underground Evergreens (2017) – Jugoton Records
Trivia
The band got its name after Superhik (in ), a fictitious anti-Robin Hood character who steals from the poor and gives to the rich from the Italian comic book Alan Ford that had and still has a cult status in the former Yugoslav countries.
Audio samples
Rade
Gol
Nova Kaledonija
Mister Birokrat
Video
Superhiks on Youtube
See also
Music of North Macedonia
External links
Superhiks on Myspace
Superhiks Live at Skopski Saem 11/06/2004 CD Review at Muzika.hr magazine
Macedonian rock music groups
Third-wave ska groups
Kazanchi () is a rural locality (a selo) in Starokosteyevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 327 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Kazanchi is located 22 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Galiullinka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
AerCap Holdings N.V. is the largest aircraft leasing company after acquiring International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) in 2014, then GECAS from General Electric in 2021. Its assets include wide-body aircraft, regional jets, cargo aircraft, aircraft engines, and helicopters.
General Electric owns 45.4% of the company.
Business
Portfolio
As of December 31, 2021, it had 3,701 aircraft, engines and helicopters owned, on order or managed, including 1,756 owned aircraft, 196 managed aircraft, 417 new aircraft on order, with a weighted average age of 7.1 years, and over 900 owned and managed aircraft engines, primarily manufactured by General Electric and CFM International. Through Milestone Aviation Group, its subsidiary, it owns 355 helicopters.
The company is one of the largest purchasers of aircraft from Boeing, Airbus, and Embraer and one of the largest purchasers of aircraft engines from CFM International, GE Aviation, International Aero Engines, Pratt & Whitney, and Rolls-Royce Limited.
Customers
Its Helicopters are leased to companies including CHC Helicopter, Bristow Helicopters, Saudi Aramco, and Babcock International. The company's cargo division serves customers including Amazon, Maersk, and ASL Airlines Ireland. The company leases aircraft primarily via operating leases under which the lessee is responsible for the maintenance and servicing of the equipment during the lease term and the company receives the residual value of the equipment at the end of the lease. The company serves over 300 customers in 80 countries.
In 2021, its largest customers based on percentage of revenue were American Airlines (7.6% of 2021 revenues), China Southern Airlines (7.1% of 2021 revenues), Air France (4.9% of 2021 revenues), Azul Brazilian Airlines (4.7% of 2021 revenues), and Ethiopian Airlines (3.2% of 2021 revenues).
Locations
It has its headquarters in Dublin, and offices in Shannon, Miami, Singapore, Amsterdam, Shanghai and Abu Dhabi. It also has representative offices near the headquarters of the largest aircraft manufacturers: Boeing in Seattle and Airbus in Toulouse.
History
Aercap traces its history to Guinness Peat Aviation, founded in 1975 by Tony Ryan. In 1998, it became AERFI after a bailout from Texas Pacific Group. In 2000, it was acquired by Debis AirFinance, owned by Daimler Chrysler, for $750 million.
In 2005, Debis AirFinance was acquired by affiliates of Cerberus Capital Management, which formed AerCap.
In 2006, the company set up AerVenture, a 50/50 joint venture with LoadAir/Al Fawares. In 2009, after its partners refused to fund a capital contribution, Waha Capital acquired their 50% stake and became partners with AerCap.
In January 2007, the company became a public company via an initial public offering.
In March 2010, the company acquired Genesis Lease.
By 2013, the affiliates of Cerberus sold substantially all of their shares in the company.
In May 2022, the company reported a net loss of $2 billion due to the seizure of its planes and engines by the Russian authorities. AerCap lost 113 planes due to sanctions triggered by the war in Ukraine.
ILFC acquisition
In May 2014, the company acquired International Lease Finance Corporation from American International Group (AIG) for $3.0 billion of cash and $4.6 billion in stock.
The deal gave AerCap $43 billion in total assets and a fleet of over 1,300 aircraft, compared to competitor GE Capital Aviation Services with a fleet of 1,800+ aircraft.
In January 2015, the company shifted assets to Ireland.
In June 2015, AerCap signed an agreement with Boeing for an order of 100 Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft with deliveries starting in 2019.
In June 2015, AIG sold about 71.2 million shares in a public offering and AerCap purchased an additional 15.7 million of its shares from AIG.
In August 2015, AIG completed its departure from the airplane-leasing business with the sale of the additional 10.7 million shares.
By the end of 2015, AerCap's portfolio consisted of 1,697 aircraft that were owned, on order, under contract or managed (including aircraft owned by AerDragon, a non-consolidated joint venture). The average age of the owned fleet as of December 31, 2015 was 7.7 years and the average remaining contracted lease term was 5.9 years. In 2015, AerCap leased, purchased and sold 405 aircraft. The company signed lease agreements for 276 aircraft and purchased 46 new aircraft. AerCap executed sale and part-out transactions for 83 aircraft and signed financing transactions for US$7.3 billion.
In February 2016, AerCap reported record 2015 financial results and authorized a share repurchase program of $400 million.
In 2016, AerCap signed lease agreements for 279 aircraft, purchased 38 and sold 141 aircraft, and signed financing transactions for $4.6 billion; as of December 31, 2016, it has 1,566 owned, managed or on order aircraft in its portfolio.
In June 2017, Aercap placed an order for 30 Boeing 787-9s, valued at $8.1 billion at list prices at the Paris Air Show.
AerCap announced on 28 December that it exercised options to purchase 50 A320neo Family aircraft to be delivered from 2022, bringing its A320neo Family portfolio to 270 owned and on order.
In March 2021, AerCap signed a deal with start-up long-haul, low-cost airline Norse Atlantic Airways, for the lease of six used Boeing 787-9s and three used Boeing 787-8 aircraft.
GECAS acquisition
In March 2021, Aercap announced they had reached a deal to acquire GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) from General Electric for US$24 billion in cash, US$1 billion of AerCap notes and approximately 46% of the combined business in shares. The acquisition was approved by AerCap shareholders in May 2021.
In November, the company completed the acquisition for 111.5 million AerCap shares, approximately $23 billion of cash and $1 billion of AerCap notes.
In 2022, the company moved its U.S. headquarters from Los Angeles to Miami.
The company was harmed by the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine and international sanctions during the Russo-Ukrainian War since, at the time of the war, it had 152 aircraft valued at $2.5 billion in Russia and Ukraine that have not been able to be recovered or serviced by foreign companies.
References
External links
2006 establishments in Ireland
2007 initial public offerings
Aircraft leasing companies of the Republic of Ireland
Companies based in Dublin (city)
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
St Stephen's Green
Transport companies established in 1995
Leonard Bredol (born 1 August 2000) is a German professional footballer who plays for Blau-Weiß Lohne.
References
Living people
2000 births
Association football defenders
German footballers
SV Meppen players
3. Liga players
Novokatayevo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Novokatayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 425 in 2010. There are six streets.
Geography
Novokatayevo is located 11 km east of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Starokatayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Lior Jacob Strahilevitz is an American legal scholar who is currently the Sidley Austin Professor of Law at the University of Chicago Law School. He writes and teaches primarily in the areas of property law, privacy law, and consumer contract law.
Education and career
Strahilevitz graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, with a B.A. summa cum laude in 1996, majoring in political science. He was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. In 2008, he graduated with a J.D. from Yale Law School, where he served as executive editor on the Yale Law Journal and worked as a research assistant to professor and former U.S. Solicitor General Drew S. Days III.
After graduating from law school, Strahilevitz clerked for Judge Cynthia Holcomb Hall on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Between 2000 and 2002, he worked as an associate at Preston Gates & Ellis in Seattle, Washington.
In 2002, Strahilevitz joined the University of Chicago Law School faculty as an assistant professor of law. He became a professor of law in 2007 and the Sidley Austin Professor of Law in 2011. He served as the law school's Deputy Dean from 2010-2012. Strahilevitz has been as a visiting professor at Tel Aviv University and Yale Law School. His teaching and research focuses on private law including property law and contract, land use, privacy law, and law and technology. Strahilevitz has presented his research on dark patterns before the Federal Trade Commission. He was the recipient of the law school's Graduating Students' Award for Teaching Excellence in 2010 and 2016. He has served on various committees, including the University of Chicago Committee on the Quality of Academic Life and the law school's Faculty Appointments Committee. Strahilevitz has been a member of the American Law Institute since 2015. He is the co-editor of the casebook Property (2022). Strahilevitz is one of the most-cited active scholars of property law in the United States.
References
American legal scholars
American legal writers
21st-century American lawyers
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Yale Law School alumni
University of Chicago Law School faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chemillé-en-Anjou (, literally Chemillé in Anjou) is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department of western France. Chemillé is the municipal seat.
History
It was established on 15 December 2015 by the merger of the former communes of Chanzeaux, La Chapelle-Rousselin, Chemillé-Melay, Cossé-d'Anjou, La Jumellière, Neuvy-en-Mauges, Sainte-Christine, Saint-Georges-des-Gardes, Saint-Lézin, La Salle-de-Vihiers, La Tourlandry and Valanjou. Chemillé-Melay had been formed in January 2013 by the merger of the former communes of Chemillé and Melay.
Population
See also
Communes of the Maine-et-Loire department
References
External links
Official website
Chemilleenanjou
States and territories established in 2015
Anjou
Jacob Romeis (December 1, 1835March 8, 1904) was an American businessman and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1885 to 1889.
Biography
Born in Weisenbach, Bavaria in the German Confederation, Romeis attended the village schools. He immigrated in 1847 to the United States with his parents, who settled in Erie County, New York, and attended the public and select schools of Buffalo, New York. He engaged in the shipping business and railroading. He moved to Toledo, Ohio, in 1856.
Romeis was elected to the board of aldermen of the city of Toledo in 1874. He was reelected in 1876 and served as president of the board in 1877. He served as mayor of Toledo from 1879 to 1885.
Romeis was elected as a Republican to the Forty-ninth and Fiftieth Congresses (March 4, 1885 - March 3, 1889). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1888 to the Fifty-first Congress. He later engaged in fruit growing near Toledo.
He died in Toledo, Ohio on March 8, 1904. He was interred in Woodlawn Cemetery.
References
External links
1835 births
1904 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
Mayors of Toledo, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
On March 12, 1815, a few days after the legal start of the 14th Congress, but long before the first meeting of that Congress, David Bard (DR), who'd been re-elected to the , died. A special election was held on October 10 to fill the vacancy left by his death.
Election results
The 9th district did not change parties with this election. On December 11, Burnside took his seat in the 14th Congress. He would subsequently resign, in April, 1816, to accept a judicial position, resulting in a second special election. He thus served for only a few months as Representative.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Pennsylvania 1815 09
Pennsylvania 1815 09
1815 09
Pennsylvania 09
United States House of Representatives 09
United States House of Representatives 1815 09
Infantry and Cavalry School may refer to:
United States Army Cavalry School, training programs and centers for horse mounted troops
United States Army Command and General Staff College, a graduate school in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, for United States Army and sister service officers
United States Army Infantry School, a school in Fort Benning, Georgia for training infantrymen for service in the United States Army
Countess of Scarborough was launched at Whitby in 1777. The Royal Navy hired her as a hired armed ship in 1777. She participated in the capture of two privateers before she and succumbed to a small American flotilla off Flamborough Head in 1779. She briefly became a French privateer. Her subsequent fate is unknown.
Hired armed ship
Countess of Scarborough first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR)) in 1778 with Hammond, master, Hammond, Sr., owner, and trade Whitby.
The Royal Navy commissioned Countess of Scarborough in November 1777 under the command of Captain Thomas Piercy.
Countess of Scarborough and shared in the capture, on 17 June 1779, of the French privateers Duc de la Vauguyon and . Medea captured Duc de la Vauguyon (or Duc de Lavaugnon) of Dunkirk, a cutter of 14 guns and 98 men, after a fight of an hour. The fight cost the French four men killed and ten wounded; Medea had no casualties. Duc de la Vauguyon had been launched in 1779 and was under the command of Commandante Marin Le Page. The British took her into service as .
Duc de la Vauguyon had captured and ransomed a lobster smack sailing from Norway to Britain. The master of the smack informed Captain James Montague of Medea that the privateer had had a consort. Medeas rigging was too cut up for her to pursue the consort, so Montague sent Piercy after her. Piercy caught up with Compte de Maurepas after a few hours and the privateer struck without resistance. She was armed with fourteen 4-pounder guns and had a crew of 87 men.
Battle
On 23 September 1779 and Countess of Scarborough were escorting the Baltic fleet home when they encountered a small Franco-American squadron under the command John Paul Jones in , and including the frigates and . Bonhomme Richard, and sporadically Alliance, engaged Serapis, ultimately capturing her. Countess of Scarborough sailed to engage Pallas, which was armed with 32 guns. The battle with Pallas lasted some two hours. After Countess of Scarborough had sustained much damage and suffered heavy casualties, Piercy observed another frigate coming up on her larboard quarter; Piercy then surrendered. In the battle, Countess of Scarborough lost four men killed and 20 men wounded, three of whom later died. All her braces, the great part of the running rigging, and her main and mizen top-sail sheets were shot away. Also, enemy fire had dismounted seven of her guns.
At the onset of the action the merchant vessels separated. Most took shelter near Scarborough. Two went to Hull. By their resistance, Serapis and Countess of Scarborough saved the Baltic fleet from capture.
Aftermath
The court martial on 10 March 1780 for the loss of his ship acquitted Piercy, his officers and men, stating they "have in the execution of such duty done infinite credit to themselves by a very obstinate defence against a superior force." Piercy soon after received a promotion to post-captain. The Court of Directors of the Royal Exchange Assurance Company voted to present him with a piece of plate worth 50 guineas, "as a testimony of their approbation of his bravery and conduct in protecting the valuable fleet from the Baltic under his care." The Scarborough Borough Council on 25 October 1779 presented Piercy with the "Freedom of the Borough" and a silver casket lined with heart of oak made by James Phipps of London (c. 1779–1783). Piercy died on 1 October 1793 and was interred in the cloisters of Canterbury Cathedral.
Casket
Since his death the casket has accompanied every . In 1972, after the decommissioning of the last , Captain W.J. Graham, her last commander, handed the casket to the Scarborough Borough Council, requesting that the Council retain the casket until such time as there was a new HMS Scarborough; the casket then rested at Scarborough's town hall until the town transferred it to the Hull Maritime Museum where it is currently on display.
French privateer
Her prize crew brought Countess of Scarborough first to Holland, and then to Dunkirk, where she was sold. She became a French privateer, while initially retaining her name. Her ultimate fate is unknown, suggesting that she may have been renamed later.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Hired armed vessels of the Royal Navy
Captured ships
1770s ships
Privateer ships of France
Marjorie Cox Crawford (née Cox; 1903–1983) was an Australian tennis player who reached at least the singles quarterfinals at the Australian Championships seven out of the nine times she played the event. Her best result was a runner-up finish in 1931, losing to Coral McInnes Buttsworth in three sets.
Crawford teamed with Buttsworth in 1932 to win the women's doubles title at the Australian Championships. Crawford was the runner-up in that event in 1926 (teaming with Daphne Akhurst Cozens) and 1930 (teaming with Sylvia Lance Harper). She also partnered with Jack Crawford, a six-time winner of singles titles in Grand Slam tournaments and a member of the International Tennis Hall of Fame, to win the mixed doubles title at the Australian Championships in 1931, 1932, and 1933. They were the runners-up in 1929 and 1930. The couple married in Sydney on 28 February 1930.
Grand Slam finals
Singles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Doubles: 3 (1 titles, 2 runners-up)
Mixed doubles: 5 (3 titles, 2 runners-up)
Grand Slam singles tournament timeline
See also
Performance timelines for all female tennis players who reached at least one Grand Slam final
References
1983 deaths
Australian Championships (tennis) champions
Australian female tennis players
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in women's doubles
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in mixed doubles
1903 births
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
Place of birth missing
2010 Kashima Antlers season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kashima Antlers
Kashima Antlers seasons
Adi-mailagu is a Polynesian sky goddess of the Fijian people.
In Fijian mythology, Adi-mailagu is known as the "Lady of the Sky" or the "Goddess of the Sky". She was said to have come to earth in the form of a rat, descending from the sky and plunging into a river. She can also manifest herself as a maiden or an aging crone.
References
Fijian deities
Sky and weather goddesses
Grumento Nova is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. The ancient name of the town was Saponara.
In the locality Spineta are the remains of the Roman town of Grumentum.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Shine is an unincorporated community in Jefferson County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
Phillip Noah Rasler originally submitted a request to name the community Squamish March 25, 1905, but after approval a month later the order of establishment was rescinded in October of the same year. Robert Alexander Slyter (Phillip Rasler's brother-in-law) resubmitted the request to name the community Squamish two years later, in October of 1907. This again was rescinded a year later with a final request to change the name to Shine. Robert Alexander Slyter was the first appointed postmaster of Shine, which was officially named January 15, 1909, and remained in operation until 1923. The community's name is a variation of "sunshine".
References
Unincorporated communities in Jefferson County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
The Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Windhoek () is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Indonesia to the Republic of Namibia and concurrently accredited to the Republic of Angola. The embassy is located at 103 Nelson Mandela Avenue, Klein Windhoek, Windhoek. The first Indonesian ambassador to Namibia was Theofilus Waimuri (1999–2003). The current ambassador is Eddy Basuki, who was appointed by President Joko Widodo on 25 February 2016.
The chancery has been renovated twice. The first renovation in 1992 built a new room for the head of mission, a communications room, and a reception area. The new rooms were inaugurated by then Chargé d'affaires Soegioso Sosrosoemarso. A second renovation took place in 1999 where a new multi-function room named the Asia-Africa Room was built. The room was inaugurated by then Chargé d'affaires Theo Waimuri who would later become Indonesia's first ambassador to Namibia.
See also
Indonesia–Namibia relations
Diplomatic missions of Indonesia
References
Windhoek
Indonesia
Indonesia–Namibia relations
Wilhelm Martin Luther (27 November 1912 – 2 June 1962) was a German librarian, musicologist and director of the Göttingen State and University Library.
Life
Born in , Luther studied musicology, philosophy and theology in Göttingen and Berlin. In 1936 he received his doctorate with a thesis on Gallus Dreßler in Göttingen. He completed his studies with a doctorate and state examination. He entered the academic library service in 1939; after his subject examination in 1941 at the Berlin State Library he worked at the Göttingen University Library.
Under he was promoted to deputy director, and in 1958 he succeeded him in his office. Luther was particularly committed to the re-establishment of the German [interlibrary loan] after the end of the Second World War and to (central) cataloguing. Thus the "Central Catalogue of Foreign Literature" was maintained in Göttingen, which formed an important basis for interlibrary loan. He also founded the Niedersächsische Zentralkatalog, set up the Göttingen journal reference and pushed for a reworking of the Göttingen Schlagwortkatalog.
In addition to his work in the library, he was also active in teaching and published several articles on library science and librarianship. In 1959 he was appointed honorary professor in Göttingen, where he taught general bibliography and documentation, library science and history of science. For the second edition of the "Handbuch der Bibliothekswissenschaften" he revised the chapter on the use of libraries, together with Wilhelm Krabbe he wrote the "Lehrbuch der Bibliotheksverwaltung".
With Willi Kahl he published the Repertorium der Musikwissenschaft (Repertory of Musicology), an important location reference for music literature in German libraries. On the occasion of the 200th anniversary of the death of Johann Sebastian Bach he prepared the exhibition "Documenta", which was shown in Göttingen, Schaffhausen, Florence and Milan and attracted more than 20,000 visitors. Since 1961, Luther also served as director of the Johann-Sebastian-Bach-Institut in Göttingen.
Until shortly before his death, Luther was active in various professional associations: He was part of the (VDB), the Library Committee of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG) as well as that of the Association Internationale des Bibliothèques Musicales (Chairman from 1951 to 1953) and was Chairman of the "University Libraries" Section of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions. (IFLA). In 1961 he was elected chairman of the VDB, but had to resign after only a few months due to a serious illness. Luther died on 2 June 1962, in Göttingen, at age 49.
Publications
Luther, Wilhelm M.: Gallus Dressler (1533 bis etwa 1589). Ein Beitrag zur Geschichte des protestantischen Schulkantorats im 16. Jahrhundert (Göttinger musikwissenschaftliche Arbeiten 1), Göttingen 1942, zugleich: Göttingen, Univ.-Diss.
Luther, Wilhelm M. (edit.): Johann Sebastian Bach. Documenta, Kassel / Basel 1950.
Luther, Wilhelm M. / Krabbe, Wilhelm: Lehrbuch der Bibliotheksverwaltung, Stuttgart 1953.
Kahl, Willi / Luther, Wilhelm M. (edit.): Repertorium der Musikwissenschaft. Musikschrifttum, Denkmäler und Gesamtausgaben in Auswahl (1800–1950) mit Besitzvermerken deutscher Bibliotheken und musikwissenschaftlicher Institute, Kassel / Basel 1953.
Luther, Wilhelm M.: Der internationale Leihverkehr. In Libri 7,2–3 (1957), , doi:10.1515/libr.1958.7.1-4.97.
Luther, Wilhelm M.: Die nicht-liturgischen Musikinkunabeln der Göttinger Bibliothek. In: Voigt, Christian (edit.): Libris et litteris. Festschrift für Hermann Tiemann zum 60. Geburtstag am 9. Juli 1959 (Veröffentlichung. Maximilian-Gesellschaft 75), Hamburg 1959, .
Luther, Wilhelm M.: Die Bibliotheksbenutzung. In: Milkau, Fritz / Leyh, Georg (edit.): Handbuch der Bibliothekswissenschaft, 2nd edition. Wiesbaden 1961, .
References
Further reading
Bargheer, Margo / Ceynowa, Klaus (edit.): Tradition und Zukunft – die Niedersächische Staats- und Universitätsbibliothek Göttingen – eine Leistungsbilanz zum 65. Geburtstag von Elmar Mittler. Universitätsverlag Göttingen 2005, .
Haberland, Alexandra / Klemmt, Rainer / Siefkes, Frauke: Lexikon deutscher wissenschaftlicher Bibliothekare 1925–1980 (Zeitschrift für Bibliothekswesen und Bibliographie. Sonderhefte 42), Frankfurt 1985, , .
Kind-Doerne, Christiane: Die niedersächsische Staats- und Universitätsbibliothek Göttingen. Ihre Bestände in Geschichte und Gegenwart. Mit einem Beitrag von Klaus Hahnel über die Handschriftenabteilung (Beiträge zum Buch- und Bibliothekswesen 22), Wiesbaden 1986, .
Kittel, Peter: Professor Dr. Wilhelm Martin Luther. In: Zentralblatt für Bibliothekswesen 76 (1962), .
Werhahn, Heinz M.: Luther, Martin Wilhelm. In: Corsten, Severin / Füssel, Stephan / Pflug, Günther et al. (edit.): Lexikon des gesamten Buchwesens (LGB2), vol. 4: Institut für Buch- und Handschriftenrestaurierung – Lyser, Stuttgart 2., completely reworked. 1995 edition, .
External links
1912 births
1962 deaths
German librarians
German musicologists
20th-century musicologists
Bach scholars
People from Hersfeld-Rotenburg
Harvey Achziger (born August 8, 1931) is an American businessman and former professional football player. Achziger played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, with whom he won the Grey Cup in 1957.
Achziger studied agriculture and played college football at Colorado State University, then known as Colorado A&M. Achziger was an All-American in 1952 and was later drafted to the National Football League by the Philadelphia Eagles. He was inducted into the school's Sports Hall of Fame in November 2012.
After a knee injury ended his football career, Achziger moved to Sumter, South Carolina where he works in the family business. He is a father of two and has one grandchild.
Achziger was inducted to the Colorado State University Athletics Hall of Fame in 2012.
Awards
1951, 1952 - First-team all-Mountain State Athletic Conference
1952 - All-American
Colorado State University Athletics Hall of Fame (inducted 2012)
Achziger CSU Athletics Hall of Fame Bio
Source: Colorado State University
References
1931 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Colorado State Rams football players
People from Weld County, Colorado
Players of American football from Colorado
American expatriates in Canada
Events from the year 1517 in literature.
Events
August 6 – Belarusian printer Francysk Skaryna in Prague begins publishing The Psalter, a Bible translation into the Ruthenian language.
unknown dates
John of Hauville's Architrenius (c. 1184), a widely read Latin poem in 4,361 hexameters in nine books, is first printed by Jodocus Badius in Paris.
Niccolò Machiavelli writes L'asino (The [Golden] Ass) and (at about this date) the comedy Andria, adapted from Terence.
New books
Prose
Martin Luther – Ninety-five Theses (in Latin: Disputatio pro declaratione virtutis indulgentiarum)
Drama
Gil Vicente – A Trilogia das Barcas; part 1, Auto da Barca do Inferno
Poetry
Teofilo Folengo (as "Merlin Cocaio") – Opus Maccaronicum, including "Baldo" (satiric verses blending Latin and Italian dialects in hexameters)
John Skelton – The Tunnynge of Elynour Rummyng
Births
June 29 – Rembert Dodoens, Flemish botanist (died 1585)
July 25 – Jacques Pelletier du Mans, French humanist poet and mathematician (died 1582)
unknown date – Robert Crowley, English printer, poet, polemicist and Protestant clergyman (died 1588)
probable – Henry Howard, English nobleman and poet (died 1547)
Deaths
June 19 – Luca Pacioli, Italian mathematician, second person to publish a work on the double-entry system of book-keeping (born c.1447)
August – Andrea Ammonio, Italian, Latin-language poet (sweating sickness; born 1478)
References
1517
1517 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Francis Seiberling (September 20, 1870 – February 1, 1945) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1929 to 1933. He was a cousin of John F. Seiberling.
Biography
Born in Des Moines, Iowa, Seiberling moved with his parents to Wadsworth, Ohio, in 1873.
He attended the public schools and Wittenberg College, Springfield, Ohio, and was graduated from the College of Wooster, (Ohio) in 1892.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1894 and commenced practice in Akron, Ohio.
He was also interested in the manufacture of rubber and tires and served as a director in various manufacturing companies.
He served as a trustee of Wittenberg College.
Congress
Seiberling was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first and Seventy-second Congresses (March 4, 1929 – March 3, 1933).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law.
He died in Akron, Ohio, February 1, 1945.
He was interred in Rose Hill Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1870 births
1945 deaths
Politicians from Des Moines, Iowa
Politicians from Akron, Ohio
Wittenberg University alumni
Ohio lawyers
College of Wooster alumni
Seiberling family
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Dar-e Boneh () is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Naomi Rosenblum, PhD, (January 26, 1925 – February 19, 2021) was the author "of two landmark histories of photography, A World History of Photography (1984) and A History of Women Photographers (1994), and dozens of seminal articles and essays".
"A World History of Photography, first published by Abbeyville Press in 1994 and now translated into French, Japanese, Polish, and Chinese, remains a standard textbook and invaluable reference for practitioners, critics, and historians of the medium." The book was a finalist for the Kraszna-Krausz Foundation Award. Naomi has written on Adolphe Braun, Lewis Hine, Paul Strand and others for numerous monographs, books and periodicals.
While researching photographers for A World History of Photography, Naomi noticed women photographers were mentioned in the back pages of all of the magazines. She explained in an interview with Sylvia Sukup for Exposure, "I would make a little card and just file it away because I knew I couldn't get them all into the World History [A World History of Photography]. Then in 1990 I had a Getty fellowship and spend those three months looking up the women's work."
Naomi and Walter Rosenblum were the recipients of the International Center of Photography's Lifetime Achievement Award at the 14th Annual Infinity Awards, May 4, 1998.
Rosenblum's work is archived at the Center for Creative Photography at the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona.
North America's Largest Collection of Fine Art Photographs | Center for Creative Photography. (2017, December 23). Retrieved April 12, 2018, from https://ccp.arizona.edu/
Personal
Roseblum married the photographer, highly decorated WWII US Army Signal Corps cameraman and professor Walter Rosenblum.
The Rosenblums are the parents of documentary filmmaker Nina Rosenblum, and Lisa Rosenblum, former Commissioner of the Public Service Commission, Senior VP at Cablevision, and currently Vice Chairman of Altice, USA.
In 1977 she and her husband, noted photographer and professor Walter Rosenblum, were co-curators with Barbara Millstein of “America and Lewis Hine, a retrospective of the work of Lewis Hine at the Brooklyn Museum, New York. In 1980 they were invited by the People's Republic of China to install this exhibition in Beijing, the first official loan from an American museum to China.
Works
1980 "America and Lewis Hine" Beijing, China
A World History of Photography, Abbeville Press, 1984.
In : Larry Heinemann, Changing Chicago: a photodocumentary, University of Illinois Press, 1989.
In : Therese Thau Heyman, Seeing straight: the f.64 revolution in photography, Publication Information, Oakland Museum, 1992.
A History of Women Photographers, Abbeville Press,1994.
Documenting a myth: the South as seen by three women photographers, Chansonetta Stanley Emmons, Doris Ulmann, Bayard Wootten, 1910–1940, 1998
1999: "Photo League", FotoEspana, Madrid, Spain
A History of Women Photographers, 2nd edition, Abbeville Press, 2000.
A History of Women Photographers, 3nd edition, Abbeville Press, 2010.
References
External links
Naomi Rosenblum, The Allen Sisters: An Introduction
2021 deaths
American women historians
21st-century American historians
20th-century American historians
20th-century American writers
Historians of photography
1925 births
21st-century American women writers
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
20th-century American women
Derek Freeman MBE, was a dog breeder who is famed for his work with the UK charity, Guide Dogs for the Blind Association, which he joined in 1959. He reared over 20,000 puppies and also regularly appeared on Blue Peter.
References
Dog breeders
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Events in the year 2000 in Israel.
Incumbents
President of Israel – Ezer Weizman to July 13, Avraham Burg acting president July 13 to August 1, Moshe Katsav from August 1
Prime Minister of Israel – Ehud Barak
President of the Supreme Court – Aharon Barak
Chief of General Staff – Shaul Mofaz
Government of Israel – 28th Government of Israel
Events
January
January 3–10 – Shepherdstown Summit: Israel and Syria hold peace talks in Shepherdstown, West Virginia. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak led the Israeli delegation and Foreign Minister Farouk al-Sharaa led the Syrian delegation. The Peace Conference finally came to a dead end and was later on followed by failed negotiation attempts to renew it.
January 28 – Yes, the sole satellite television provider (DBS) in Israel, begins its broadcasting.
March
March 12–26 – Pope John Paul II visits Israel, and thus becomes the second pope to visit the Jewish state. During his stay, the Pope visits Yad Vashem (the Israeli national Holocaust memorial) and the Western Wall placing a letter inside it in which he prayed for forgiveness for the actions against Jews in the past.
March 14 – Israel formally deploys its Arrow 2 anti-ballistic missile system.
March 27 – An Israeli Air Force F-16D-30F of 109 Squadron (Israel) based at Ramat David Airbase, crashes into the Mediterranean Sea during a training flight off the coastal village of Atlit in northern Israel. The pilot, Major Yonatan Begin, was a son of parliamentarian Benny Begin and grandson of former Prime Minister Menachem Begin. Neither he nor his co-pilot, Lt. Lior Harari, had notified their ground controllers of any problems.
March 28 – A police investigation recommends that former prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife be indicted on criminal charges of fraud, bribery, theft of state gifts and obstruction of justice.
May
13 May – Ping Pong represents Israel at the Eurovision Song Contest with the song “Sameach” ("Happy").
May 25 – Israel withdraws IDF forces from the "security zone" in southern Lebanon, in compliance with U.N. Resolution 425, to the international border after 22 years in which the area was occupied by Israeli forces. Several thousand members of the South Lebanon Army (and their families) withdraw to Israel as well with the Israeli forces. Syria and Lebanon insist that the withdrawal is incomplete, claiming the Shebaa Farms as Lebanese and still under occupation. The UN certifies full Israeli withdrawal.
June
June 16 – Israel complies with UN Security Council Resolution 425 after 22 years of it issuance, which calls on Israel to completely withdraw from Lebanon. Israel withdraws from all of Lebanon, except the disputed Shebba farms.
July
July 13 – Ezer Weizman resigns as president. Knesset Speaker, Avraham Burg is appointed as acting president.
July 31 – The Israeli Knesset elects Moshe Katsav as the eighth president of the State of Israel, by a majority of 63 to 57, against Shimon Peres, to assume office on August 1, 2000.
August
August 1 – Moshe Katsav assumes office as the eighth president of the State of Israel.
September
September 3 – Former leader of Israel's Shas Party Aryeh Deri starts his three-year jail sentence after his appeal is rejected.
October
October 1–9, 2000: Solidarity demonstrations held by Arab citizens of Israel escalate into clashes with Israeli police and Israeli Jewish citizens. Twelve Israeli Arabs and one Palestinian Arab from the Gaza Strip are shot and killed by the Israeli police. One Israeli Jewish civilian was killed by a rock thought to have been thrown by an Arab citizen.
October 7 – 2000 Hezbollah cross-border raid: Three Israeli soldiers are abducted by Hezbollah while patrolling the Israeli administered side of the Israeli-Lebanese border and Northern Israel is shelled in an attempt to ignite the Israeli-Lebanese border too, but Israelis decide on limited response.
December
December 10 – Prime minister Ehud Barak announces his resignation as prime minister, and states that an election for the post would be held soon.
Israeli–Palestinian conflict
July
July 11–25 – The Camp David 2000 Summit is held which is aimed at reaching a "final status" agreement. The summit collapses after Yasser Arafat would not accept a proposal drafted by American and Israeli negotiators. Ehud Barak is prepared to offer the entire Gaza Strip, part of East Jerusalem as capital of a Palestinian Arab state, 73% of the West Bank (excluding eastern Jerusalem) raising to 90–94% after 10–25 years, and financial reparations for Palestinian Arab refugees for peace. Arafat turns down the offer without making a counter-offer.
September 28 – Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon visits the Temple Mount, protected by a several-hundred-strong Israeli police force. Riots by Palestinian Arabs erupt, leading to a full-fledged armed uprising (called the Al-Aqsa Intifada by sympathizers and the Oslo War by opponents).
October
October 12 – 2000 Ramallah lynching – A Palestinian Arab mob lynches two Israel Defense Forces reservists, Vadim Nurzhitz and Yossi Avrahami, who had accidentally entered the Palestinian Authority-controlled city of Ramallah in the West Bank. The brutality of the event, captured in a photo of one of the perpetrators proudly waving his blood-stained hands to the crowd below, sparks international outrage and further intensifies the ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestinian Arabs.
Notable Palestinian militant operations against Israeli targets
The most prominent Palestinian militant acts and operations committed against Israeli targets during 2000 include:
November 2 – 2 Israelis are killed and 10 are wounded when a car bomb explodes near the Mahane Yehuda Market in Jerusalem, one of whom is the daughter of the MK and former housing minister Yitzhak Levy. Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for the attack.
November 20 – Kfar Darom bombing: an Israeli school bus was struck by a roadside bomb at the Jewish settlement of Kfar Darom killing 2 adults and injuring several others. Hamas claimed responsibility.
November 22 – Hadera's main street bombing: Two Israeli women are killed and 60 civilians are wounded in a car bomb attack in Hadera. Hamas claimed responsibility.
December 22 – Mechola bombing: Palestinian suicide bomber injures 3 Israeli soldiers. Hamas claimed responsibility.
Notable Israeli military operations against Palestinian militancy targets
The most prominent Israeli military counter-terrorism operations (military campaigns and military operations) carried out against Palestinian militants during 2000 include:
September 30 – Second Intifada: Muhammad al-Durrah incident – Ten Palestinian Arabs are killed during crossfire between Israeli forces and Palestinian Arab militia at the Netzarim junction, among them the twelve-year-old boy Muhammad al-Durrah who is caught in the crossfire and is allegedly killed in the arms of his father. Al-Durrah's death was filmed by a Palestinian Arab freelance cameraman and made worldwide headlines and as a result Al-Durrah became a symbol of the Palestinian Arab uprising in 2000 and of Palestinian martyrdom. Whether the Israeli forces or the Palestinian Arab militia shot the boy is a matter of dispute.
December 17 – Tanzim activist Samih al-Malabi, is assassinated by a mobile phone bomb near the Qalandiyya refugee camp.
Notable deaths
February 23 – Ofra Haza (born 1957), Israeli singer.
August 12 – Eliahu Ben Elissar (born 1932), Polish-born Israeli diplomat and politician.
September 22 – Yehuda Amichai (born 1924), German-born Israeli poet and an Israeli.
November 12 – Leah Rabin (born 1928), German-born wife of former Prime minister of Israel Yitzhak Rabin.
December 31 – Rabbi Binyamin Ze'ev Kahane (born 1966), American-born Israeli settler leader.
Major public holidays
See also
2000 in Israeli film
2000 in Israeli television
2000 in Israeli music
2000 in Israeli sport
Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000
Israel at the 2000 Summer Olympics
References
External links
2000s in Israel
Israel
Israel
Years of the 20th century in Israel
Prince Charles of Denmark and Norway (26 October 1680 – 8 June 1729) was the fourth son of Christian V of Denmark and his consort Queen Charlotte Amalie, and thus a younger brother of King Frederick IV. He never married and had no children, nor did he ever engage in any political activities. Instead he maintained a withdrawn life on his estates.
Early life and education
Prince Charles was born on 26 October 1680 at Copenhagen Castle as the fourth son of Christian V and his consort Queen Charlotte Amalie. As was the tradition at the court, his upbringing was left to others, including Johan Georg Holstein, who was replaced by Carl Ahlefeldt as his hofmeister in 1696. In particular Christian Siegfried von Plessen was charged with his upbringing.
Prince Charles suffered from weak health and was hard of hearing. In order to benefit from a milder climate he was sent to France and Italy on a study trip from 1696 to 1699, spending most of the time in Montpellier. On the journey he was accompanied by Carl Adolph von Plessen, the son of his mentor, and only three years his senior. Von Plessen would remain a close friend and companion of the prince for the rest of his life, with title of first hoffmeister and later chamberlain.
Prince Charles was never married. Between 1697 and 1699, there was a Danish policy to create an alliance with Sweden through a double wedding between Charles XII of Sweden and Princess Sophia Hedwig of Denmark, and Prince Charles of Denmark and Hedvig Sophia of Sweden (after the marriage of Hedvig Sophia of Sweden in 1698, she was replaced by Ulrika Eleonora of Sweden). However, none of the marriages was materialized.
landowner and horse breeder
Back in Denmark Prince Charles settled at Jægerspris Castle which he was given by his older brother, now King Frederick IV of Denmark since his ascent to the throne. He immediately embarked on a major extension of the castle and passionately fond of horses, an interest he shared with his father and brother, he also founded a stud farm on the estate.
From his mother, who died in 1715, he inherited Vemmetofte Manor and Højstrup Manors on Zealand and Charlottenborg Palace in Copenhagen. His holdings also included a pleasure garden in Copenhagen located outside the city's Northern City Gate. It was known as Prinsens Have (English: The Prince's Garden) and later Blågård (English: Blue Farm), a name which is commemorated in several toponyms today.
Late years at Vemmetofte Manor
When Frederick IV had his wife by bigamy, Anne Sophie Reventlow, crowned as his queen, it led to a breach between the two brothers, and together with Princess Sophia Hedwig, his three years older sister, Prince Charles took up permanent residence at Vemmetofte Manor where they maintained an extravagant household.
Von Plessen enjoyed such a reputation for exercising such a great influence on the prince that on one occasion it prompted the king to exclaim "Well there comes Prince Plessen with my brother Charles!" Ultimately, the two brothers were reconciled and in the end Prince Charles even ended up godfathering one of the king's children by Anne Sophie. After suffering from weak health throughout his life, Charles died in 1729 and was interred at Roskilde Cathedral.
Ancestry
References
Danish princes
1680 births
1729 deaths
Burials at Roskilde Cathedral
Children of Christian V of Denmark
Luis Arturo González López (21 December 1900 – 11 November 1965) was a politician in Guatemala and the acting President of Guatemala from 27 July 1957 to 24 October 1957.
Biography
Born in the town of Zacapa, González López studied law, and served as a judge in several cities. He was a member of the Supreme Court for seven years from 1945 to 1951, before being removed: reports stated that he was removed due to pressure from the communist parties. He was appointed Vice-President to Carlos Castillo Armas in 1957. On 26 July 1957, Castillo Armas was shot dead in the Guatemalan capital by a member of the presidential guard. González López held the position of "First Presidential Designate", and was sworn in as interim president on 27 July.
Supporters of Castillo Armas were considering forming a military junta and seizing power, but were dissuaded by Edwin J. Sparks. the U.S. ambassador to Guatemala. The U.S. government preferred to preserve a facade of democracy, rather than have Guatemala revert to a blatant dictatorship. Elections were held in October 1957, complicated by pressure from the U.S. government, the government of Dominica, and the army.
The centrist Miguel Ortiz Passarelli won a plurality in these elections, but supporters of Miguel Ydígoras Fuentes, who had also been a candidate in the election, rioted. The Guatemalan government declared martial law for a period of 30 days. On 24 October, a group of 80 military officers marched into the Presidential palace and replaced González López with a three-person junta led by army Colonel Óscar Mendoza Azurdia. New elections were held in January 1958. Ydígoras Fuentes comfortably won this election and seized power for himself soon after.
References
Notes
Sources
1900 births
1965 deaths
People from Zacapa Department
Guatemalan people of Spanish descent
Presidents of Guatemala
Vice presidents of Guatemala
20th-century Guatemalan judges
Presidents of the Congress of Guatemala
Eousdryosaurus ("eastern Dryosaurus") is a genus of basal iguanodontian dinosaur known from a partial skeleton discovered in Upper Jurassic rocks in western Portugal. The type, and only species, is Eousdryosaurus nanohallucis, named and described in 2014.
Discovery and naming
Eousdryosaurus is based on SHN(JJS)-170, kept in the Sociedade de História Natural in Torres Vedras, Portugal. The articulated and well-preserved specimen includes a hip vertebra and eight vertebrae from the proximal part of the tail, their chevrons, the left ilium, the entire left leg, and the right thigh bone (femur). These bones were discovered in sandstone of the late Kimmeridgian-age (late Jurassic, approximately 152 million years old) Praia da Amoreira-Porto Novo Member of the Lourinhã Formation in Porto das Barcas, Lourinhã, Portugal. The genus name is a reference to Eousdryosaurus being a relative of Dryosaurus on the east side of the Atlantic Ocean. The type and only species is E. nanohallucis, meaning "small hallux", in reference to the small size of that toe. Eousdryosaurus was named in 2014 by Fernando Escaso and colleagues, after having been described briefly in 2000.
Description
The only known individual of Eousdryosaurus was a small dryosaurid, estimated at in length, comparable to immature individuals of Dryosaurus and Dysalotosaurus. The right femur measures long and the left shin bone (tibia) measures long.
It is differentiated from other dryosaurids by various details of the vertebrae, hip, and hind limb. The foot is unique among ornithopods in that the first digit (the hallux or big toe) includes a single phalanx bone; most basal ornithopods had two phalanges, and most derived ornithopods, including hadrosaurs ("duckbills"), lost this digit.
Classification
Escaso et al. performed a phylogenetic analysis and found Eousdryosaurus to be a basal dryosaurid, a type of small bipedal herbivore near the base of Iguanodontia.
On the other hand, Dieudonné et al. (2020) found Eousdryosaurus to be a sister taxon to the Elasmaria.
References
Iguanodonts
Kimmeridgian life
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Europe
Jurassic Portugal
Fossils of Portugal
Lourinhã Formation
Fossil taxa described in 2014
Ornithischian genera
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Ishikawapūrumae Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 3.0 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Ishikawapūrumae Station was opened on October 1, 2002 with the opening of the Hirosaki City Ishikawa Swimming Pool. Its 25.3 million yen construction cost was financed by the Hirosaki City government.
Surrounding area
Hirosaki City Ishikawa Swimming Pool
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2002
Hirosaki
William Adair Bernoudy (1910–1988) was an American architect.
Bernoudy was born in St. Louis where he attended the Washington University in St. Louis School of Architecture (now Sam Fox School of Design & Visual Arts. He studied under Frank Lloyd Wright in the 1930s. He is noted for the many modernist homes and public buildings he designed, mostly in the St. Louis area. The heyday of his work was in the 1950s.
The William A. Bernoudy Residency in Architecture at the American Academy in Rome is named in his honor.
In fall of 2019, the Sam Fox School of Design & Visual Arts of Washington University in St. Louis dedicated its new William A. Bernoudy Architecture Studio following a $1.5 million gift from the Gertrude & William A. Bernoudy Foundation. Located within Anabeth and John Weil Hall, under construction as part of the university's east end transformation project, the 6,580-square-foot studio will provide facilities for the school's Graduate School of Architecture & Urban Design.
He died in 1988.
Buildings (selected)
12166 Conway Road (Temple Emanuel (St. Louis, Missouri)) 63141 (1962)
23 Villa Coublay Drive, Frontenac, MO 63131
457 Osage Ridge Road, Augusta, MO 63332
25 Balcon Estates, Creve Coeur, MO 63141 (1964)
6937 West Otsego Lake Drive, Gaylord, MI 49730-1958
446 North Warson Road, St. Louis, MO 63124
Saint Louis Zoo North Entrance, MO 63112
Beaumont Pavilion in Washington University in St. Louis, MO 63105
Thomas Jefferson School's Gymnasium, St. Louis, MO 63127
Further reading
http://www.stlouisarchitecture.org/pdf/BernoudyLocations.pdf
References
Architects from St. Louis
1910 births
1988 deaths
Sam Fox School of Design & Visual Arts alumni
Taylor Mesiti (born 22 March 1998) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the AFL Women's (AFLW). Originally a basketballer, she was one of North Melbourne's 2018 signings for their expansion into the AFLW after playing football for the VU Western Spurs, the St Kilda Sharks and the Casey Demons. She had also represented Vic Metro at the 2016 AFL Youth Girls National Championships.
She debuted for North Melbourne in round 6 of the 2019 season against Collingwood at Marvel Stadium. In June 2020, Mesiti decided to step away from the game.
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club (AFLW) players
Tiago Manuel Maio Matos (born 22 January 2001) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a right-back or defensive midfielder for Ekstraklasa club Radomiak Radom.
Honours
Porto Youth
UEFA Youth League: 2018–19
References
External links
National team data
2001 births
Living people
Footballers from Porto
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Liga Portugal 2 players
FC Porto B players
Ekstraklasa players
Radomiak Radom players
Expatriate footballers in Poland
The Honduras national basketball team is the national basketball team from Honduras. They have yet to appear in the FIBA World Cup or the FIBA AmeriCup.
Current roster
At the 2015 COCABA Championship for Men:
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coaches
Legend
Club – describes lastclub before the tournament
Age – describes ageon 16 September 2015
|}
References
External links
Latinbasket.com - Honduras Men National Team
Men's national basketball teams
Basketball
Basketball in Honduras
Brendan McKeown (born 18 March 1944) is a former British cyclist.
Cycling career
He competed in the 1000m time trial at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
British Amateur Individual Pursuit Champion 1967 and 1968.
He represented England in the 4,000 metres individual pursuit, at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica.
References
1944 births
Living people
British male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Great Britain
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Welwyn Garden City
Cyclists at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
A fractal is a mathematical set that has a fractal dimension that usually exceeds its topological dimension and may fall between the integers. There is also a fractal derivative, defined in fractal spacetime.
Fractal or Fractals may also refer to:
Fractal (EP), 2009 album by Swedish metal band Skyfire
Fractal (video game), 2011 puzzle game by Philadelphia-based studio Cipher Prime
Fractal art, form of algorithmic art
Fractal Design, Swedish hardware company
Fractals (journal), scientific journal published by World Scientific
Fractal (software), an instant messaging client and collaboration software
The Baudelaire Fractal, a 2020 novel by Lisa Robertson
Rose Marie Heck (born August 4, 1932) is an American politician who served as the mayor of Hasbrouck Heights, New Jersey, from 1988 to 1995 and again from 2008 to 2015.
Career
Heck has served on the South West Community Development Committee since 1970 and was its chair from 1983 to 1990. She was the mayor of Hasbrouck Heights from 1988 to 1995, and served on the borough's Planning Board during that period. Heck served on the Hasbrouck Heights Council from 1985 to 1987 and on the Hasbrouck Heights Zoning Board from 1978 to 1984. She was a Commissioner on the Bergen County Utility Authority Commissioner from 1989 to 1991 and was chair of the County Community Development Committee from 1987 to 1990. On November 6, 2007, Heck was elected for her third term as Mayor of Hasbrouck Heights.
Heck served as a member of the New Jersey General Assembly for the 38th legislative district from 1991 to 2003. Heck's district covered an area between the Passaic and Hudson Rivers in suburban Bergen County. In the 2003 general election, Heck lost to Joseph Coniglio, the Democratic Party candidate for the office of State Senate for District 38.
Heck had been elected in 1991 to fill the assembly seat vacated by Pat Schuber stepped down to serve as county executive of Bergen County.
In the Assembly, Heck served as majority conference leader from 2000 to 2001 and chair of the Policy and Regulatory Oversight Committee from 1996 to 1999.
References
External links
, New Jersey Legislature
1932 births
Living people
Women mayors of places in New Jersey
Mayors of places in New Jersey
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey city council members
People from Hasbrouck Heights, New Jersey
Women state legislators in New Jersey
New Jersey Republicans
Women city councillors in New Jersey
21st-century American women
The 1974–75 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 36th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Frisk Asker won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1974 in Norwegian sport
1975 in Norwegian sport
Oliver Reynolds (19 June 1921 – 15 February 2014) was a South African cricketer. He played eight first-class matches for Eastern Province between 1945 and 1948.
References
External links
1921 births
2014 deaths
South African cricketers
Eastern Province cricketers
Cricketers from Port Elizabeth
The African broadbill, also known as the black-capped broadbill or Delacour's broadbill (Smithornis capensis) is a species of bird in the sub-oscine family Calyptomenidae.
Description
The African broadbill is a boldly streaked, largely brown, stocky flycatcher like bird. They have dark crowns which are black in the males and grey in the females of the eastern subspecies and blackish in both sexes of the subspecies S.c. meinertzhageni. The upperparts are mainly olive-brown with black streaks, the bases of the feathers on the lower back and rump are white and are hidden when the bird is at rest. The underparts are buff or creamy-white with black streaks on the flanks and the breast. There is subspecific variation with S.c. meinertzhageni and S.c. suahelicus being whiter below with thicker streaks than, for example S.c. medianus. It measures in length and in South Africa males weighed and females .
Sound production
The African broadbill produces a very loud sound which has been compared to an old fashioned car horn. It is loud, vibrating "Prrrrup" which is produced during a display flight, and it may be preceded by softer more plaintive "tui-tui-tui" calls, which are also sometimes made without the car horn call.
Unusually, the call of the African broadbill, like other Smithornis birds, is produced by the vibration of its wings during flight, the sound being produced by the sixth and seventh primary feathers.
Distribution
The African broadbill is native to Africa, especially the southeastern part of the continent. There are two separate allopatric distributions, one rather disjunct distribution in coastal West Africa from Sierra Leone in the west eastwards to the Central African Republic and south to Gabon and the northern Congo. The main distribution covers southern and eastern Africa from Kenya south to KwaZulu Natal.
Habitat
The African broadbill occurs in the middle stratum of evergreen or lowland forest, dense deciduous thickets or other dense woodland, including riverine gallery forest.
Habits
Given its preference for dense forests and woodlands and its inconspicuous behaviour the African broadbill can be difficult to see. It often remains motionless for long periods, perching upright on a low horizontal branch and calling infrequently. It feeds exclusively on invertebrates for which it forages on the ground, in the trees and occasionally hawking them in flight. Beetles, grasshoppers, Hemiptera, caterpillars and spiders have all been recorded as food items.
Both sexes perform a display flight, circling around a perch at a radius of 1bout a metre on rapidly fluttering wings, puffing out the back and rump feathers to show their white feather bases and giving the car horn call. The nest is an oval-shaped structure with a side entrance and is built by both sexes from bark, dry leaves, twigs, grass and rootlets, often held together by strands of spider web. It is suspended conspicuously from a low branch of a tree, usually about above the ground. The date the eggs are laid vary from country to country, however it is usually from October–January. The clutch size is 1-3 eggs, which are female takes on sole responsibility for incubating, incubation lasts for 16–17 days, while the male keeps guards the nest, signalling danger with a high-pitched call. The development and care of the young is little known but the male is the main provider of food to the young.
Taxonomy
The generic name honours the Scottish zoologist and explorer Dr Andrew Smith who described this species as Platyrhynchus capensis in 1839.
There are currently nine recognised subspecies and they are listed below with their distributions from north west to south:
Smithornis capensis delacouri Bannerman, 1923 :Sierra Leone, south eastern Guinea and northern Liberia east to Togo.
Smithornis capensis camarunensis Sharpe, 1905: south eastern Nigeria, southern Cameroon, possibly Equatorial Guinea, N Gabon, north western Congo and locally in the south and east of the Central African Republic.
Smithornis capensis albigularis Hartert, 1904: western and northern Angola; south-eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and western and probably central Tanzania south to northern Zambia and northern Malawi.
Smithornis capensis meinertzhageni van Someren, 1919: north eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda, Uganda and western Kenya.
Smithornis capensis medianus Hartert & van Someren, 1916: central Kenya and north eastern Tanzania.
Smithornis capensis suahelicus Grote, 1926: south-eastern Kenya, eastern Tanzania and north-eastern Mozambique.
Smithornis capensis conjunctus Clancey, 1963: the Caprivi Strip of north eastern Namibia, northern Botswana, southern Zambia, northern and western Zimbabwe and north western Mozambique.
Smithornis capensis cryptoleucus Clancey, 1963: south-western Tanzania, eastern Zimbabwe, southern Malawi, and central and southern Mozambique south to north eastern Northern Province and north eastern KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa and eastern Eswatini.
Smithornis capensis capensis (A. Smith, 1839) – south eastern KwaZulu-Natal.
Conservation status
This bird has a large range and is common in several regions. In southern Africa it has a scattered distribution because of habitat fragmentation in the area. In general it is considered to be a least-concern species, but it is locally vulnerable due to loss of habitat.
This species lives in forests, dense woodland, and riparian thickets.
References
External links
Videos at the Internet Bird Collection
Recordings at Xeno-canto
African broadbill
African broadbill
African broadbill
African broadbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Abir Al-Sahlani (born 18 May 1976) is an Iraqi-born Swedish politician and since July 2019 a member of the European Parliament, representing the Centre Party. She lives in Hägersten, Stockholm.
Education
Al-Sahlani studied at the Mid Sweden University (Mittuniversitetet) in Sundsvall. She holds a master's degree from Stockholm University.
In 2002–2003 she was a volunteer with Nacka School (Internationella Engelska Skolan) in Stockholm.
Political career
In 2004 Al-Sahlani was appointed to the Secretary General of the Iraqi National Democratic Alliance (DNA) position.
In February 2007 Al-Sahlani became a member of Sweden's Center Party. In May 2019, Al-Sahlani was elected to the European Parliament. She has since been serving on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs. In addition to her committee assignments, she is a member of the European Parliament Intergroup on Disability, the European Parliament Intergroup on LGBT Rights and the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas, Rivers, Islands and Coastal Areas.
Since 2021 Al-Sahlani has been part of the Parliament's delegation to the Conference on the Future of Europe.
Time-out
In November 2013 Al-Sahlani took a time-out from the Swedish parliament due to alleged deficiencies in the reporting of an aid project in Iraq. According to the Swedish radio 300 000 Euro had not been reported correctly. Half a year later she was cleared from all charges and made a comeback in the Swedish Parliament.
References
1976 births
Living people
Centre Party (Sweden) politicians
Mid Sweden University alumni
Iraqi emigrants to Sweden
MEPs for Sweden 2019–2024
MV Skorpios III is a Chile-registered cruise ship owned and operated by Cruceros Skorpios. The Ship was built in 1995 in the Skorpios, Chile shipyard under Chilean regulations and international navigation as SOLAS and IMO. It is classified by ABS (American Bureau of Shipping), Class Nr 951.93.18, A1 ice. It was remodeled in 2012, in his hotel equipment and booths. It has a length of 70 meters, a width of 10 meters and a draft of 3.30 meters, displacing 1,600 tons with International Load Line Certificate and certificate of registration number 2869 of the Directorate General of Maritime Territory of Chile. Its capacity is up to 90 passengers, based on 45 double cabins.
References
Cruise ships
1995 ships
Octopus djinda is a species of octopus in the order Octopoda. Octopus djinda inhabits the swallow waters in southwest Australia and is caught by fisheries for food. Before its reclassification in 2021, it was considered to be conspecific with O. tetricus.
Reference
Octopodidae
Molluscs described in 2021
SSF may refer to:
Gaming
Saturn Sound Format, a Sega Saturn-specific implementation of the Portable Sound Format
Super Smash Flash (series), a series of fan-made games based on the Super Smash Bros. series
Super Street Fighter (disambiguation), various Capcom fighting games
Organizations
Saudi Special Forces
Schweizer Sportfernsehen, a Swiss private TV broadcaster specialized in sport events
Shakespeare Schools Foundation
Singapore Sailing Federation
Skysurfer Strike Force
Society of Saint Francis
Soul Sonic Force
South Sea Fleet
Special Security Force, a unit of the government of Bangladesh
Samajtantrik Sramik Front, a trade union federation in Bangladesh
Special Service Force, a former brigade of the Canadian Forces
Sunni Students' Federation, an Indian Sunni muslim students' organisation.
Svenska Scoutförbundet, a Swedish guide and scout association
Other uses
Semi-solid forming, a casting method utilizing metal that is 50% liquid
Shortest seek first, in computers
Single-stock futures
South San Francisco, a city in California, United States
Space Station Freedom
Small shelly fauna, enigmatic early fossils
The 2000 Tenneco Automotive Grand Prix of Detroit was a Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) race that was held on June 18, 2000 on the Raceway on Belle Isle in Detroit, Michigan. It was the seventh race of the 2000 CART season. The race was won by Hélio Castroneves for Team Penske. Max Papis finished second, and Oriol Servià clinched third.
Preparations for the race were overshadowed by the news that CART CEO Andrew Craig had been voted out from his position, and his duties had been temporarily taken on by Bobby Rahal. Juan Pablo Montoya claimed pole position for the race, and led the first 58 laps of the race before he briefly relinquished the lead to Roberto Moreno when he made a pit stop. He regained first position a lap later, but only led for one more lap before he slowed down, and eventually cruised into the pit lane, and retired with a broken drive shaft. Castroneves took over the lead, and remained at the front for the rest of the race. To celebrate his win, Castroneves parked his car on the track, leapt out and climbed the fence, shaking it in jubilation. It was the first win that Castroneves, or any other racing driver, celebrated in this fashion, and he has since repeated the celebration for each of his victories, and it has also been mimicked by other drivers.
There were three cautions, totalling 10 laps during the race. It was Castroneves's first victory of his CART career, and he was the seventh different winner in the first seven races of the 2000 season. Of the 24 drivers that started, 14 were listed as running at the end of the race; four retired after contact, five retired with mechanical issues, and Paul Tracy was disqualified after he hit a crew member during service on pit lane.
Classification
Race results
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship
Constructors' standings
Manufacturer's Standings
References
Detroit Grand Prix
Detroit Pistons Michigan
Detroit Indy Grand Prix
2000 in Detroit
The Interns presented by Allied Insurance, is a reality TV show designed to seek potential talent and skill for the marketing and advertising industry. In each episode teams will be assigned projects related to marketing, including social media & cause marketing. Each team consists of 5 students from each institute. The winning team will be rewarded with a guaranteed job from Allied Insurance & sponsors along with other prizes. During the show other companies can also express interest for specific interns (including those eliminated) and these will be updated in every show.
Format
Candidate Selection
Candidates are chosen by their respected institutions. Each institution have to select 5 member team to represent their institution.
Tasks
Two competing teams will get the same task to do but in different location. Locations are selected by a lucky draw in the briefing. After the briefing teams go to planning stage where they are given certain amount of time to prepare their business and marketing plan and present that to their teammates. The following day and in some cases same day teams will be heading into the field to complete their task according to the plan which they have created.
Boardroom
After completion of the task, the teams report back to the "boardroom". Where they will be judged on how they have performed their task and its relevance to the business plan which teams have created. At the end of the boardroom one team will get eliminated and the winner will progress to the next round.
Grand Finale
Grand Finale will be held at Dharubaaruge and will be aired live on Television Maldives. Before the "Grand Finale" two finalists will play a bonus round in which elimination will not happen.
Schedule
Unlike most reality television programmes, the whole of The Interns Show is pre-recorded. Show will be aired on national television Television Maldives on every Thursday night 22:00-23:00 (GMT +5).
Participants
Clique College
Mohamed Rashid, Ahmed Reehan, Shifaz Ahmed, Fathimath Abdulla and Aishath Nuha
Cyryx College
Aminath Nafa, Ibrahim Shimau, Hussian Hamdhaan Abdullah, Ali Fahmy and Ali Shaheem
CHSE
Ali Aslam, Mariyam Hana, Ahmed Nashiu Naeem, Mohamed Sameer and Jayyidha Badhury
Faculty of Hospitality and Tourism Studies
Shaina Ahmed, Ali Ashham, Aminath Inaya, Aminath Sithura and Imthinan A. Ghafoor
Faculty of Management and Computing
Ahmed Izzath Abdullah, Fathmath Hanaan Ahmed, Ahmed Shafiu, Ahmed Farish and Aishath Asifa
MAPS College
Shafiya Ismail, Jazlaan Shareef, Nivaan Ahmed, Mariyam Nashfa and Ibrahim Shiyam
Male' Business School
Ahmed Fuad (MBS Student), Aanisa Hassan, Jumana Niyaz, Guraisha Moosa and Mohamed Mausoom
Villa College
Mohamed Amjad, Fathman Shinana, Mohamed Zeehan, Ismail Shah Adam and Bushra A. Wahhab
Transmissions
Original series
Similar programs
The Apprentice (UK TV series), with Lord Alan Sugar
The Apprentice Australia, with Mark Bouris
The Benefactor, with Mark Cuban of the NBA Dallas Mavericks
The Rebel Billionaire, with Richard Branson of the Virgin Group
The Law Firm with Roy Black
Fire Me... Please/The Sack Race, where contestants try to get fired from their job
My Big Fat Obnoxious Boss, a parody and hoax
Win In China
The Apprentice (Irish TV series), with Bill Cullen
The Apprentice New Zealand
Diili, with Hjallis Harkimo
The CfC-Stanbic Bank Magnate, also known as The Magnate, Kenyan Business Reality Show
References
Allied Insurance Company
Clique College
Think Associates
IMDB
Maldives
Douglas Stewart (March 29, 1919 – March 3, 1995) was an American film and television editor with about 16 feature film credits from 1953 – 1983. He won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing for the film, The Right Stuff (1983), along with co-editors Glenn Farr, Lisa Fruchtman, Stephen A. Rotter, and Tom Rolf. The Right Stuff was the fourth film of Stewart's notable collaboration with director Philip Kaufman, which began with The Great Northfield Minnesota Raid (1972). Stewart's extensive television work was honored twice by nominations for Emmy awards.
See also
List of film director and editor collaborations
References
External links
American film editors
Best Film Editing Academy Award winners
American television editors
1919 births
1995 deaths
Galbula hylochoreutes is an extinct species of jacamar, small birds of the order Piciformes. It was discovered in the La Victoria Formation of the Honda Group, at the Konzentrat-Lagerstätte of La Venta in modern Colombia, in deposits dated to the Laventan period (Middle Miocene, from 13.8 to 11.8 million years ago).
Description
The species was described from one end of right humerus. Despite the poor of this record, it has distinctive features that permit the classification as a distinct species: the head of the humerus is larger than the modern jacamars (Galbula), so its overall size would also somewhat higher, the tubercle of the head is robust and the insertion of the humeral-scapular-caudal muscle is very large, indicating a strong development of the muscles of his chest and arms, giving great aerobatic skills, so similar to the birds of the family Tyrannidae (tyrant, flycatchers, earwigs) and Meropidae (bee-eaters), which led to their scientific name of G. hylochoreutes, which in Greek means "dancer of the forests", referring to the jungle environment in which the bird would have lived. Its general appearance would have been similar to the paradise jacamar, Galbula dea.
See also
Honda Group
References
Galbula
Miocene birds of South America
Laventan
Neogene Colombia
Fossils of Colombia
Honda Group, Colombia
Fossil taxa described in 1997
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 118 (P. Oxy. 118 or P. Oxy. I 118) is a personal letter, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the late 3rd century. Currently it is housed in the Cambridge University Library (4043) at Cambridge University.
Description
The verso side of the papyrus contains a letter from Saras and Eudaemon to Diogenes. The recto side is part of an account, partially effaced, in the same hand as the letter on the verso side, although not a part of it. The measurements of the fragment are 329 by 95 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
Text
Saras and Eudaemon to Diogenes the younger, greeting. We have been advised by the most notable Ammonion to send for a ferry-boat on account of the uncertainty of the road. We accordingly send you this message, in order that, if they consent to send while you are there, you may procure what is necessary, and if not, that you may despatch a report to the strategus and the guardians of the peace. You know what hospitality requires, so get a little ... from the priests and buy some incense and ... We hear that you have been two days at Heracleopolis. Make haste back to look after your charge, when you have obtained what you went for. It is no use if a person comes too late for what required his presence. Ammonas and Dioscorus the cooks have gone to the Oxyrhynchite nome on the understanding that they would return at once. As they are delaying, and might be wanted, please send them off immediately.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 117
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 119
References
118
3rd-century manuscripts
Manuscripts in Cambridge
The 2001 UCLA Bruins softball team represented the University of California, Los Angeles in the 2001 NCAA Division I softball season. The Bruins were coached by Sue Enquist, in her thirteenth season as head coach. The Bruins played their home games at Easton Stadium and finished with a record of 62–6. They competed in the Pacific-10 Conference, where they finished second with a 16–5 record.
The Bruins were invited to the 2001 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament, where they swept the Regional and then completed a run to the title game of the Women's College World Series where they fell to champion Arizona.
Personnel
Roster
Coaches
Schedule
References
UCLA
UCLA Bruins softball seasons
2001 in sports in California
Women's College World Series seasons
Play-by-play
Sam Balter
Paul Burmeister
Jac Collinsworth
Bob Costas
Don Criqui
Dick Enberg
Bill Flemming
Curt Gowdy
Tom Hammond
Tom Harmon
Joe Hasel
Chick Hearn
Dan Hicks
Charlie Jones
Jim Lampley
Joel Meyers
Al Michaels
Lindsey Nelson
Ray Scott
Jim Simpson
Bill Stern
Mike Tirico
Color commentary
Frankie Albert
Elmer Angsman
Drew Brees
Terry Brennan
John Brodie
Jimmy Cefalo
Paul Christman
Todd Christensen
Cris Collinsworth
Randy Cross
Len Dawson
Al DeRogatis
Tony Dungy
Doug Flutie
Jason Garrett
Lee Giroux
Red Grange
Pat Haden
Mike Haffner
James Lofton
Paul Maguire
Mike Mayock
Joe Namath
Merlin Olsen
Ahmad Rashad
George Ratterman
Kyle Rote
Sam Rutigliano
Bob Teague
Bob Trumpy
Bill Walsh
Bud Wilkinson
Sideline reporters
Jimmy Cefalo
John Dockery
Alex Flanagan
Lewis Johnson
Paul Maguire
Craig Sager
O. J. Simpson
Zora Stephenson
Kathryn Tappen
Studio hosts
Jac Collinsworth
Liam McHugh
Kathryn Tappen
Studio analysts
Doug Flutie
Dhani Jones
Corey Robinson
Chris Simms
Jonathan Vilma
Hines Ward
See also
Notre Dame Football on NBC
List of Cotton Bowl broadcasters
List of Fiesta Bowl broadcasters
List of Gator Bowl broadcasters
List of Orange Bowl broadcasters
List of Outback Bowl broadcasters
List of Rose Bowl broadcasters
List of Sugar Bowl broadcasters
College Football personalities
NBC
Dundee is an unincorporated community in Geneva County, Alabama, United States. It is located on Alabama State Route 123, and is now included in the city limits of Hartford.
Demographics
Dundee was listed only on the 1900 U.S. Census, shortly after its incorporation. It was disincorporated shortly thereafter.
History
In February 1899, the charter for the incorporation of Dundee was passed by the Alabama Legislature. A post office operated under the name Dundee from 1880 to 1904. Dundee was disincorporated at some point in the early 1900s.
References
Unincorporated communities in Geneva County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Term of Trial is a novel by British author James Barlow, first published in 1961 by Hamish Hamilton. The story is divided between a school environment and a courtroom, after a weak alcoholic schoolteacher is accused of indecently assaulting a female pupil. The book was adapted for a film the following year.
Plot
Graham Weir is a middle-aged schoolteacher at Railway Street Secondary School. A timid self-loathing alcoholic, he is taunted and despised by his pupils, his colleagues and his wife. Recognizing a like-minded soul in one of his pupils he takes her under his wing and offers to give her extra tuition. Before long the girl claims to have fallen in love with him and attempts to lead him into an affair. Surprised, Weir fends off her unwelcome advances as gently as possible and disengages himself from her. However, following an accusation by the pupil, he is later charged with indecent assault and is forced to defend himself in court, not only from the criminal charge itself but also from the derision and lack of empathy that surrounds him.
Film adaptation
Term of Trial is the film adaptation, released in 1962, directed by Peter Glenville and starring Laurence Olivier, Simone Signoret, Sarah Miles and Terence Stamp.
References
1961 British novels
Social realism
Novels by James Barlow
British novels adapted into films
Hamish Hamilton books
Tinklenberg is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Elwyn Tinklenberg (born 1950), American politician
Jared Tinklenberg (born 1939), American psychiatrist
Karla Jurvetson (née Tinklenberg, born 1965/66), American psychiatrist, philanthropist, and political organizer
Ayandeh (in Persian:آینده) is an opinion poll organisation in Iran that was closed down in 2002.
One of Ayandeh's directors, Abbas Abdi, was arrested in at his home on 4 November 2002, accused of "having received money from either the US polling firm Gallup or a foreign embassy". Abdi spent several years in prison as a result. The BBC claimed that this was part of "a crackdown by the hard-line judiciary on organisations conducting public opinion polls" at the time.
References
Polling
The Land Report is an American magazine and website that focuses on private landownership in the United States. It profiles leading landowners and compiles the Land Report 100, an annual ranking of America's largest landowners. The editorial staff also reports on topics such as significant properties, landmark transactions, market news, investing, and conservation, as well as legislation and judicial decisions affecting landowners.
High-profile landowners who have been featured in the magazine include Tom Brokaw, Clint Eastwood, Red Emmerson, Bill Gates, John Jordan, Joe Montana, T. Boone Pickens, Nolan Ryan, and Ted Turner.
The Land Report also profiles well-known landmarks such as Hearst Ranch, Natural Bridge, the Waggoner Ranch, the 6666 Ranch, and Cabin Bluff Sporting Plantation, one of the nation's oldest hunt clubs.
History
Founded by Eric O'Keefe and Eddie Lee Rider Jr, The Land Report was first published in April 2007 and bills itself as "The Magazine of the American Landowner." Its premier issue included the inaugural Land Report 100 and was the subject of a feature article in The Wall Street Journal. Since its 2007 launch, O'Keefe has served as editor-in-chief and Rider the publisher.
Land Report 100
The Land Report 100 is an annual ranking of America's leading landowners and the magazine's signature study. It is regularly cited by U.S. and international media in articles that cover leading American landowners. The inaugural Land Report 100 was published in April 2007. More recently, the Land Report 100 has been published in the magazine's winter issue.
The 2020 Land Report 100 broke the story of Bill Gates's ownership of 242,000 acres of farmland, an amount that ranked first in the United States among private landowners. Overall, Gates ranked No. 49 on the 2020 Land Report 100.
The 2021 Land Report 100 featured an in-depth interview with Red Emmerson, the founder and chairman emeritus of Sierra Pacific Industries. Thanks to his family's 2.33 million acres of timberland holdings in California, Oregon, and Washington, the Emmersons rank as America's leading private landowners ahead of John Malone's 2.2 million acres, the Reed family's 2.1 million acres, and Ted Turner's 2 million acres.
Deals of the Year
Each year in its spring issue, The Land Report recognizes a single landmark transaction as the Land Report Deal of the Year. Additional transactions highlighting farmland, ranchland, timberland, and other land types are also featured. Examples of Deals of the Year include Florida's Bluffs of Saint Teresa, Utah's Wasatch Peak Ranch, California's Dangermond Preserve, and Texas's Waggoner Ranch.
Best Brokerages
The Land Report annually surveys US land brokerages to ascertain the total value of self-reported domestic land sales through traditional brokerage. The totals exclude commercial, industrial, and residential assets, unless those assets were a component of a more valuable land asset. In 2020, the brokerages that reported the highest level of commissionable sales — in excess of $1 billion — included Cushman & Wakefield Land Advisory Group, Hall and Hall, LandVest, Mossy Oak Properties, United Country Real Estate, and Whitetail Properties.
References
External links
Official site
Subscription Center
Advertising Information
Wall Street Journal article on The Land Report 100
Magazines established in 2007
Magazines published in Texas
Mass media in Dallas
News magazines published in the United States
Online magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Henderson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 United States Census, it has a population of 7,331. Its county seat is Oquawka.
Henderson County is part of the Burlington, IA–IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Henderson County was formed in 1841 from a portion of Warren County. It was named for Henderson County, Kentucky, which was named for Richard Henderson, founder of the Transylvania Company, an early attempt to organize what later became Kentucky around 1775.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.1%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Oquawka have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1996 and a record high of was recorded in August 1983. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
Illinois Route 94
Illinois Route 96
Illinois Route 116
Illinois Route 164
Adjacent counties
Mercer County - north
Warren County - east
McDonough County - southeast
Hancock County - south
Lee County, Iowa - southwest
Des Moines County, Iowa - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 7,331 people, 3,149 households, and 2,127 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,827 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.2% white, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.2% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 24.4% were German, 14.5% were Irish, 11.9% were English, 5.9% were Swedish, and 5.0% were American.
Of the 3,149 households, 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.5% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.78. The median age was 47.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,450 and the median income for a family was $55,154. Males had a median income of $41,052 versus $27,426 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,492. About 7.8% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.3% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
As part of Yankee-settled Northern Illinois, Henderson County was solidly Whig in its first three elections and then equally Republican from that party's formation until the Great Depression. Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 was the first Democrat to win it, but the county returned to Republican Alf Landon in 1936 and was not won by a Democrat until the GOP nominated the southern-oriented conservative Barry Goldwater in 1964.
After that, like many Yankee counties, it returned to its Republican roots between 1968 and 1984, but with the shift of the GOP to a Southern Evangelical perspective Henderson County turned reliably Democratic in presidential elections from 1988 to 2012. Republican Donald Trump carried the county with over 61 percent of the vote in 2016; the highest percentage won by any Republican candidate since Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1956, and the lowest by a Democrat since Al Smith in 1928.
Henderson County is located in Illinois's 17th Congressional District and is currently represented by Democrat Cheri Bustos. For the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is located in the 94th district and is currently represented by Republican Randy Frese. The county is located in the 47th district of the Illinois Senate, and is currently represented by Republican Jil Tracy.
Communities
City
Dallas City (partly in Hancock County)
Villages
Biggsville
Gladstone
Gulf Port
Lomax
Media
Oquawka
Raritan
Stronghurst
Unincorporated communities
Bald Bluff
Carman
Carthage Lake
Decorra
Hopper
Olena
Shokonon
Terre Haute
Townships
Henderson County is divided into eleven townships:
Bald Bluff
Biggsville
Carman
Gladstone
Lomax
Media
Oquawka
Raritan
Rozetta
Stronghurst
Terre Haute
State and Federal facilities
Big River State Forest - 2,900 acres preserve adjacent to the Mississippi River (1925)
Delabar State Park - 89 acres preserve adjacent to the Mississippi River (1960)
Oquawka State Wildlife Refuge
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Henderson County, Illinois
Footnotes
Further reading
History of Mercer and Henderson Counties, Together with Biographical Matter, Statistics, Etc. Chicago: H.H. Hill and Company, 1882.
External links
Henderson County Public Library District
Henderson County Economic Development Corporation
Henderson County Genealogy
Henderson County Tombstone Project
Illinois counties
1841 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1841
Burlington, Iowa micropolitan area
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Adelaide was a wooden cutter used in the cedar trade that was wrecked and lost off the Hawkesbury River in Broken Bay, New South Wales, in July 1837 while carrying a load of cedar. The wreck has not been located, but a vessel of its description was reported capsized between Cabbage Tree Bay and Bird Island at approximately 33.6°S 151.3°E.
References
Further reading
Online Databases
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian Shipwrecks - vol1 1622-1850, Charles Bateson, AH and AW Reed, Sydney, 1972, , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 2 1851–1871 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Sydney. Reed, 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 4 1901–1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 5 Update 1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1991 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Northern Sydney Region
Maritime incidents in July 1837
1788–1850 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Cutters of Australia
19th-century ships
Ivan Aleksandrovich Danshin (; born 20 April 1982) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1999 for PFC CSKA-d Moscow.
Honours
Russian Cup finalist: 2000.
References
1982 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Moscow players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
Russian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
James Milton Richardson (January 8, 1913 - March 24, 1980) was bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Texas from 1965 to 1980. A graduate of Emory University, the University of Georgia, and Virginia Theological Seminary, he was consecrated on February 10, 1965.
Early life and education
Richardson was born in Sylvester, Georgia on January 8, 1913, the son of James Milton Richardson and Palacia Stewart. He was educated at the Lanier Middle School in Buford, Georgia. He then studied at the University of Georgia, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1934 and then at Emory University from where he earned a Bachelor of Divinity in 1936 and a Master of Arts in 1942. He also graduated from the Virginia Theological Seminary in 1938. He was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws from John Marshall Law School in 1948, and a Doctor of Divinity from the Episcopal Theological Seminary in Kentucky in 1960, the University of the South in 1961, the Virginia Theological Seminary in 1965, and the Seminary of the Southwest in 1976. He married Eugenia Preston Brooks on June 14, 1940, and together they had four children.
Ordained ministry
Richardson was ordained deacon on July 17, 1938 and priest on July 9, 1939 by Bishop Henry J. Mikell of Atlanta. He initially served as minister in charge of St Timothy's Church in Atlanta, Georgia between 1938 and 1940, and then as assistant rector of St Luke's Church in Atlanta, Georgia from 1940 to 1943. He was elected rector of St Luke's in 1943 and remained there until 1952, when he became Dean of Christ Church Cathedral in Houston, Texas.
Bishop
During the 115th Annual Council of the Diocese of Texas on December 4, 1964, Richardson was elected Bishop of Texas. He was consecrated bishop on February 10, 1965 by in Christ Church Cathedral. His episcopacy saw an increase in the number of Episcopalians in the diocese. He died in office on March 24, 1980 in Houston, Texas.
References
External links
Texas State Historical Association biography
Manuscript collection
1913 births
1980 deaths
20th-century American Episcopalians
Episcopal bishops of Texas
20th-century American clergy
The Grand Panorama of a Whaling Voyage 'Round the World is a maritime panoramic painting created by Benjamin Russell and Caleb B. Purrington in 1848. At 1,275 feet in length, it is the longest painting in the United States, longer than the Empire State Building is tall.
History
Benjamin Russell was a notable whaling painter of New Bedford, while Caleb Purrington was a more simple sign painter. The panorama was first displayed in 1848. It was displayed on a proscenium stage, mounted on spools and manually cranked to wind the panorama along, typically accompanied by narration, music, and lighting effects.
Description
The panorama exists in four sections and depicts a whaling voyage around the world in the first half of the 19th century. The Wall Street Journal described it as "surprising in its variety and beauty."
Restoration
Part of the restoration included spraying the painting with diluted adhesive in order to bind the pigment to the cloth and humidify the canvas.
After its restoration, it was displayed in four sections in a gallery exhibition called "A Spectacle in Motion" at the Kilburn Mill in New Bedford, Massachusetts from July 14 to October 8, 2018. As part of the exhibition, and to protect the fragile canvas from further wear, the New Bedford Whaling Museum created a digital video of the panorama show, now viewable on YouTube.
References
1848 paintings
Panoramic art
Maritime paintings
Whaling
A Ministry of Energy or Department of Energy is a government department in some countries that typically oversees the production of fuel and electricity; in the United States, however, it manages nuclear weapons development and conducts energy-related research and development. The person in charge of such a department is usually known as a Minister of Energy or Minister for Energy.
Ministry of Energy and Water (Afghanistan)
Ministry of Energy and Mining (Algeria)
Ministry of Energy Infrastructures and Natural Resources (Armenia)
Australia :
Department of Climate Change and Energy Efficiency (superseded 2013)
Department of the Environment and Energy (from 2016)
Ministry of Energy (Azerbaijan)
Ministry of Energy, Science & Technology and Public Utilities (Belize)
Ministry of Mines and Energy (Brazil)
Ministry of Energy (Brunei)
Ministry of Economy, Energy and Tourism (Bulgaria)
Burundi Ministry of Energy and Mines
Ministry of Mines and Energy (Cambodia)
Canada :
Natural Resources Canada (federal)
Ministry of Energy (Alberta)
Department of Energy and Mines (New Brunswick)
Ministry of Energy (Ontario)
Ministry of Natural Resources and Wildlife (Quebec)
Ministry of Mines and Energy (Colombia)
Ministry of Climate, Energy and Building (Denmark)
Directorate-General for Energy (European Union)
Ministry of Electricity and Renewable Energy (Egypt)
Ministry of Energy of Georgia
Federal Ministry of Economic Affairs and Energy (Germany)
Ministry of Energy and Petroleum (Ghana)
Ministry of Environment and Energy (Greece)
Ministry of Industry, Energy and Tourism (Iceland)
India :
Ministry of New and Renewable Energy
Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources (Indonesia)
Ministry of Energy (Iran) ()
Ministry of Energy (Kazakhstan)
Ministry of Energy (Lithuania) ()
Ministry of Energy, Green Technology and Water (Malaysia)
Secretariat of Energy (Mexico)
Ministry of Energy (Myanmar)
Ministry of Energy (Nepal)
Ministry of Petroleum and Energy (Norway)
Ministry of Water and Power (Pakistan)
Ministry of Energy and Mines (Peru)
Department of Energy (Philippines)
Ministry of Energy (Poland)
Ministry of Energy (Russia)
Ministry of Energy, Industry and Mineral Resources (Saudi Arabia)
Ministry of Mining and Energy (Serbia)
Ministry of Energy & Minerals (Somaliland)
Department of Energy (South Africa)
Ministry of Energy and Electrification (Soviet Union)
Ministry of Power and Renewable Energy (Sri Lanka)
Ministry of the Environment and Energy (Sweden)
Ministry of Energy and Minerals (Tanzania)
Ministry of Energy (Thailand) ()
Ministry of Mines and Energy (Togo)
Ministry of Energy (Turkmenistan)
Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development (Uganda)
Ministry of Energy and Coal Mining (Ukraine) ()
United Kingdom :
Department of Energy (United Kingdom) (superseded 1994)
Department of Energy and Climate Change (superseded 2016)
Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (from 2016)
United States Department of Energy
Ministry of Energy and Power Development (Zimbabwe)
Ministers for Energy:
Minister for the Environment and Energy (Australia)
Minister of Energy (Belgium)
Minister of Energy, Mines and Resources (Canada)
Minister for Energy (Ireland)
List of Ministers for Energy of Luxembourg
Minister for Energy (Sweden)
Minister for Energy (Western Australia)
See also
Ministry of Petroleum
1804 was the 18th season of cricket in England since the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). The first Eton v Harrow match may have been played at Lord's Old Ground.
Honours
Most runs – Lord Frederick Beauclerk 258 (HS 94)
Most wickets – Lord Frederick Beauclerk 17
Events
According to a Harrovian who played in the 1805 Eton v Harrow match, the fixture also took place in 1804 with Harrow winning.
With the Napoleonic War continuing, loss of investment and manpower impacted cricket and only 5 first-class matches have been recorded in 1804:
18–20 June: MCC v All-England @ Lord's Old Ground
27–28 June: MCC and Homerton v Hampshire @ Lord's Old Ground
2 July: MCC v All-England @ Lord's Old Ground
9 July: All-England v Surrey @ Lord's Old Ground
23–24 July: MCC v All-England @ Lord's Old Ground
Debutants
1804 debutants included:
Richard Beckett (MCC; amateur)
Samuel Bridger (Surrey)
Felix Ladbroke (MCC; amateur)
Thomas Vigne (Surrey; amateur)
John Pontifex
Henry Bentley
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Britcher, Samuel, A list of all the principal Matches of Cricket that have been played (1790 to 1805), annual series
1804 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
Stephanie Sinclair (born 1973) is an American photojournalist who focuses on gender and human-rights issues such as child marriage and self-immolation. Her work has been included in The New York Times, Time Magazine and National Geographic.
Life and work
Sinclair was born in 1973 in Miami, Florida, United States. She graduated from the University of Florida with a B.S. in journalism and an outside concentration in fine art photography.
After college, Sinclair began working for the Chicago Tribune, where she was part of the paper's 2001 Pulitzer-prize winning team in Explanatory Reporting. The Tribune sent her to cover the beginning of the war in Iraq. She later settled in Iraq and then in Beirut, Lebanon, covering the Middle East and South Asia for six years as a freelance photographer. Sinclair joined the VII Network upon its establishment in 2008, and became a full member of VII in 2009.
She first encountered child marriage in 2003 while working on a project about self-immolation in Afghanistan. "All the victims she met had been married very young, some only 9 years old, and to much older men." From 2003–2005 Sinclair photographed young Afghan women who had burned themselves. Most had been married between age 9 and 13. The result was her contribution to the 2010 Whitney Biennial exhibition, "Self-Immolation in Afghanistan: A Cry for Help."
In 2005, her work was featured on The NewsHour With Jim Lehrer in a segment called "Picturing Iraq."
The February 2010 issue of National Geographic included Sinclair's project on polygamy in America. Pictures from the series were included in The New York Times Magazine on July 27, 2008.
Her photo series, Too Young to Wed, examines "how children continue to be forced into marriage in more than 50 countries around the world." The project was the result of fifteen years of work in Afghanistan, Nepal, Ethiopia, India, Nigeria, Guatemala, and Yemen.
In 2012, Sinclair and Jessica Dimmock made a short documentary about an Ethiopian girl married at age 11.
Sinclair is the Founder and Executive Director of Too Young to Wed, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to empower girls and end child marriage globally. The organization shares a name with Sinclair's seminal body of work on child marriage, and was inspired by her years of work on the issue as a photojournalist. The organization runs on-the-ground programming through local implementing partners and awards educational scholarships to keep girls in school and out of marriage in some of the world's most vulnerable contexts. Too Young to Wed currently supports girls in Nepal, Yemen, Nigeria, and Kenya.
In 2014, a collection of Sinclair's body of work was displayed in a show at the Bronx Documentary Center, a documentary photography community center based in the South Bronx founded by photojournalist and author of Photojournalists on War: The Untold Stories from Iraq, Michael Kamber. The same year, Sinclair and Jessica Dimmock were awarded the 2014 Infinity Award: Photojournalism by the International Center for Photography.
In 2016, the BBC credited Sinclair for documenting efforts of some African leaders campaigning for the rights of girls at risk of forced or child-age marriage. Among others, she has documented the work of Thobeka Madiba Zuma (wife of Jacob Zuma), a First Lady of South Africa, and Esther Lungu, First Lady of Zambia are among those leading the effort.
In 2017, Sinclair's body of work on child marriage was displayed in the inaugural opening of the L'Arche du Photojournalisme, a premiere gallery that sits atop Paris' Grande Arche de la Defense. Organized by Visa pour l'Image Director Jean-François Leroy, the exhibition featured 175 of Sinclair's iconic images as well as six short films and educational materials on child marriage globally. 65 percent of the images featured had never been exhibited. The show honored Sinclair's documentation of child marriage in 10 countries over 15 years.
Personal life
In 2011, Sinclair's mother suffered a brain injury. Sinclair said: "When you share the experience of someone you love having a brain injury — of becoming a different person — there's an instant intimacy."
Awards
Sinclair has won multiple awards and distinctions. This includes three World Press Photo awards, the 2015 Art for Peace Award, the 2015 Lucie Humanitarian Award, the International Center of Photography 2014 Infinity Award, unprecedented three Visa D'Or Feature awards from the Visa Pour L'Image photojournalism in France, UNICEF'S Photo of the Year, the Alexia Foundation Professional Grant and the Lumix Festival for Young Photojournalism Freelens Award. She has also received the 2008 CARE International Award for Humanitarian Reportage: The Overseas Press Club's Olivier Rebbot Award (2009) for her essay, 'A Cutting Tradition: Inside An Indonesian Female Circumcision Celebration'. Sinclair has also received another World Press Photo award for her coverage of the war between Israel and Hezbollah in Lebanon in 2006, and a Pulitzer Prize for her work in documenting systemic failures in the U.S. airline industry in 2000. Sinclair is also frequently published in National Geographic and the New York Times Magazines as well as other various media outlets. In 2019 she was awarded the Dr. Erich Salomon Award.
References
External links
Sinclair's profile at VII
Sinclair's profile at National Geographic
1973 births
Living people
American human rights activists
Women human rights activists
American photojournalists
University of Florida alumni
National Geographic photographers
Women photojournalists
American women photographers
Darryl Marion Sydor (born May 13, 1972) is a Canadian-American former professional ice hockey defenceman. He won two Stanley Cups during his career: with the Dallas Stars in 1999, and with the Tampa Bay Lightning in 2004. He also reached the Stanley Cup Finals in 1993 as a member of the Los Angeles Kings, in 2000 as a member of the Dallas Stars and in 2008 as a member of the Pittsburgh Penguins. As a junior, Sydor won a Memorial Cup with the Kamloops Blazers and also represented Canada at the World Junior Championships.
Playing career
The Los Angeles Kings selected Sydor seventh overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. He played four seasons with the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League (WHL) and won a Memorial Cup championship in 1992. Sydor originally began his Memorial Cup championship season in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Kings, but was sent back to the WHL after 18 games.
In his first full season with the Kings, Sydor tallied 29 points and helped the club to their first ever Stanley Cup Finals appearance. Led by Wayne Gretzky, they were defeated by the Montreal Canadiens. Sydor developed with the Kings, but did not reach his prime until he was traded to the Dallas Stars in 1996. He recorded a career-high 40 assists and 48 points in 1996–97 with the Stars.
During his time with Dallas, Sydor became part of the team's "big four" defenceman, which included Derian Hatcher, Sergei Zubov and Richard Matvichuk. This quartet played a major role in capturing the Stanley Cup in 1999 against the Buffalo Sabres. In the regular season leading up to Sydor's first Stanley Cup championship, he matched his career-high 48 points and established a personal best 14 goals. The following year, Sydor helped the Stars to a second consecutive Finals appearance, but would suffer an injury against the New Jersey Devils. The Stars were kept from repeating as Stanley Cup champions, falling to the Devils in six games.
Sydor played in Dallas for seven-and-a-half seasons before being traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets in the summer of 2003. He played only 49 games with Columbus before being traded to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for prospect Alexander Svitov midway through the season. Bolstering the Lightning's lineup for their 2004 playoff run, Sydor won his second Stanley Cup championship as the Lightning defeated the Calgary Flames in seven games. Sydor remained with the Lightning for one more season and was then traded back to the Dallas Stars on July 2, 2006, for a 2008 fourth-round draft pick in a salary-dumping move.
Returning to Dallas in 2006–07, he became an unrestricted free agent on July 1, 2007. Due to a late-season acquisition for defenceman Mattias Norström, Sydor became the odd man out on the Stars' blueline and did not receive an offer from the club. He instead signed a two-year, $5 million contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins. In his second season with the Penguins, he was traded back to Dallas for his third stint with the club on November 16, 2008, in exchange for Phillippe Boucher.
On September 3, 2009, Sydor was invited to the St. Louis Blues training camp for the 2009–10 season. On September 25, Sydor signed a one-year contract with the Blues, serving primarily as a seventh defenceman. He announced his retirement from the NHL as a player on July 13, 2010.
Coaching career
Sydor spent the 2010–11 season as an assistant coach of the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League (AHL) under head coach Mike Yeo. Under their leadership, the Aeros won the Western Conference title. On June 30, 2011, Sydor was announced as one of the new assistant coaches of the NHL's Minnesota Wild, again serving under Yeo. When Yeo became the head coach of the St. Louis Blues, Sydor again followed, working with the Blues' AHL affiliate Chicago Wolves in 2016–17 and as a Blues' assistant coach in 2017–18. He left the Blues in 2018 to spend more time with family.
On January 12, 2019, Sydor was hired as the assistant coach of the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League.
Awards
Won President's Cup (WHL champions; Kamloops Blazers) in 1990 and 1992.
WHL West First All-Star Team – 1990, 1991 & 1992
Won Memorial Cup (CHL champions; Kamloops Blazers) in 1992.
Played in the NHL All-Star Game in 1998 and 1999.
Stanley Cup champion in 1999 (Dallas Stars) and 2004 (Tampa Bay Lightning).
Personal life
Sydor and his wife Sharlene have four sons: Parker, Braden, Dylan and Cooper. At the end of 2006, Sydor was naturalized with his wife as US citizens at a Dallas elementary school.
On August 21, 2015, Sydor was charged with drunken driving after police arrested him while he was driving his 12-year-old son to a hockey tournament. According to the criminal complaint filed in Anoka County District Court, Sydor's blood alcohol level tested at 0.30, more than three times the legal limit.
Sydor voluntarily entered the NHL/NHL Players' Association Substance Abuse/Behavioral Health Program and admitted himself into an inpatient centre in Malibu, California, on August 22 to seek treatment for alcoholism, earning the respect of fellow Blazers' majority owner Tom Gaglardi.
Sydor is a part owner of the Kamloops Blazers.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
See also
List of NHL players with 1000 games played
References
External links
1972 births
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Dallas Stars players
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Kamloops Blazers players
Living people
Los Angeles Kings draft picks
Los Angeles Kings players
Memorial Cup winners
Minnesota Wild coaches
National Hockey League All-Stars
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins players
St. Louis Blues players
Stanley Cup champions
Tampa Bay Lightning players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
St. Louis Blues coaches
Canadian ice hockey coaches
Étienne Eustache Bruix ( Fort-Dauphin, Saint-Domingue, 17 July 1759 – Paris, 18 March 1805) was a French Navy officer and admiral, and Minister of the Navy.
Life
Bruix was born to a family from Béarn. He started sailing as a volunteer on a slave ship commanded by captain Jean-François Landolphe.
Early career
In 1778, he joined the Navy as a Garde-Marine (officer cadet). He served on the frigates Fox and Concorde, taking part in the Battle of Fort Royal on 29 April and 30 April 1781, in the Invasion of Tobago in May–June, in the Battle of the Chesapeake on 5 September, in the Battle of Saint Kitts on 25 January 1782, and in the Battle of the Saintes on 12 April 1782. He was promoted to Ensign in November 1781.
Bruix was given command of the 10-gun aviso Pivert, and tasked with surveying the coasts and harbours of Saint-Domingue. He was aided in the task by Puységur.
Bruix was promoted to Lieutenant in May 1786. He was elected member of the Académie de Marine in 1791, and promoted to Captain on 1 January 1793, and given command of the 80-gun Indomptable. However, he was dismissed from the service in October 1794. Retiring to the outskirts of Brest, he wrote a memorandum titled Moyens d'approvisionner la marine par les seules productions du territoire français (Means of Provisioning the Fleet Solely by What Is Produced in French Territory). This advocacy of naval autarky as a way to defeat British blockades attracted notice, and Navy Minister Laurent Truguet recalled Bruix in 1795 to appoint him to the command of the 74-gun Éole. He held this command up to the moment he was sent to join Villaret-Joyeuse's squadron as Chief of Staff (major general).
Appointment as Navy Minister
Eustache Bruix given command of a division under Admiral Justin Bonaventure Morard de Galles during the French attempt to invade Ireland in 1796. Lazare Hoche noticed him on that campaign and promoted him to contre-amiral in May 1797. He was then appointed Navy Minister from 28 April 1798.
Upon taking office, he rushed to Brest to take personal command of a fleet that was about to sail for Egypt in an attempt to extricate the French army trapped there since its invasion in 1798. Favourable winds and fog allowed him to evade the British blockade, and he sailed South with 25 ships of the line. Anticipating a possible landing in Ireland, still unsettled in the wake of the United Irishmen's rebellion, the blockading fleet drew off North-Westwards, giving Bruix a considerable headstart before realising his true destination. Off Cadiz, Bruix encountered a British blockading force of 15 ships of the line under Lord Keith. Despite his numerical superiority and the 28 Spanish ships of the line harboured in Cadiz, Bruix declined to attack and continued into the Mediterranean.
Having made a detour to Toulon for repairs, Bruix received news that André Masséna was besieged in Genoa, and orders to assist him. He rerouted the fleet to the Gulf of Genoa to resupply the beleaguered army but was driven back by the weather. Meanwhile, Keith had followed him into the Mediterranean and gathered together the scattered British squadrons in the area at Menorca. Bruix abandoned his venture, eluded his pursuers and returned to the Atlantic. He made his junction with a Spanish squadron that attached to his fleet, and he returned to Brest.
After this expedition, known as the Cruise of Bruix, he resigned as Minister of the Navy on 11 July 1799, and took command of the fleet assembled at île d'Aix, ready to sail to Spain, but the British reinforced their blockade, the admiral fell ill and the peace of Amiens prevented the fleet from leaving port. He was promoted to Vice-amiral from 13 March 1799.
Later career and death
Bruix was privy to the secret coup d'état of 18 Brumaire (9 November 1799). After seizing power, Bonaparte promoted Bruix to admiral in 1801, and appointed him as Conseiller d'État the following year.
War having broken out again, Napoléon conceived a plan for a new invasion of England, and put Bruix in command of the flotilla based at Boulogne that would carry the invasion troops across the English Channel. Bruix undertook the work but in July 1804 refused to obey Napoleon's personal order to take the fleet out of harbour for a review, in the face of a developing storm. The furious Emperor reprimanded Bruix and came close to striking him. A subordinate carried out Napoleon's instruction but at the cost of 200 lives.
Following this incident Bruix fell ill and had to return to Paris, where he died of tuberculosis, aged only 45.
Legacy
Boulevard de l'Amiral-Bruix in Paris is named in his honour.
Sources and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
1759 births
1805 deaths
People from Nord-Est (department)
People of Saint-Domingue
Ministers of Marine and the Colonies
French Navy admirals
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
French naval commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
French people of Haitian descent
Napoleon's planned invasion of the United Kingdom
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Tuberculosis deaths in France
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
Michelle Mosalakae (born 14 September 1994), is a South African actress, writer and theatre director.
Early life and education
Michelle Mosalakae was born in Mabopane, north of Pretoria to Tswana parents. She developed her love of acting at an early age. As a young girl, she would act for her family and friends. She attended St. Mary's Diocesan school, Pretoria, where during this time she began acting in school productions regularly. After matriculating, she went onto attend Rhodes University, Grahamstown where she graduated cum laude, with a degree in English, achieving honours in acting, directing and applied drama.
Career
In 2017, she landed the role of Zakithi a young traditional healer on Mzansi Magic's primetime TV drama Isibaya. The role would prove to be her breakthrough role, bringing her wider recognition and making her an instant household name. Due to her performance on Isibaya, she was nominated for Rising star in the 2017 DStv Mzansi Viewers' Choice Awards.
In March 2018, alongside MTV Base presenter Kim Jayde, media personalities Bontle Modiselle and Loot Love, Michelle was announced as a Revlon ambassador, making her the first person with albinism to be made an ambassador for the international cosmetic giant.
'
While continuing her work in theatre as an actress and director, she went on to land a role as a Congolese villainess, Kamina on Mzansi Magic's, The Queen (South African TV series).
In March 2019, she was nominated for a Naledi Theatre Award for Best Lead performance in a play for her work in Shoes & Coups, directed and written by Palesa Mazamisa.
In April 2022, Mosalakae made her film debut in the Netflix action-thriller Silverton Siege where she plays the character of Rachel Paige.
Personal life
Mosalakae is Christian. She is very close with her family and friends who have always supported her. She has albinism , a genetic mutation which inhibits melanin production. Mosalakae has always been proud of who she is. She is managed by her mother Sarah, who she is very close with.
References
External links
http://incwajana.com/wiki/Michelle_Mosalakae
https://briefly.co.za/29196-michelle-mosalakae-biography-age-baby-sister-mother-parents-pictures.html
https://zalebs.com/whats-hot/meet-new-revlon-brand-ambassadors
https://www.sowetanlive.co.za/entertainment/2019-03-14-michelle-mosalakaes-acting-star-keeps-rising/
http://kdaniellesmedia.com/2017/09/06/journey-success-michelle-mosalakae/
1994 births
Living people
People from the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality
People with albinism
Rhodes University alumni
South African actresses
South African theatre directors
South African Tswana people
Stephen Maxwell, better known as Steve Maxwell (December 3, 1952), is an American fitness coach, physical educator, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructor. Maxwell was named one of the top 100 trainers in the United States by Men's Journal.
Professional background
Maxwell was the first man to teach kettlebell classes in the United States. He holds a master's degree in Exercise Science from West Chester University of Pennsylvania.
Maxwell trains professional athletes including players for the Phillies, Dodgers, and Eagles. He also has worked with various US Government agencies, including the DEA, Secret Service, and FBI as well as many Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academies throughout the country. Maxwell travels around the world leading seminars in strength conditioning, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, kettlebells, and joint mobility.
Maxwell had owned and operated Maxercise Gym, in Philadelphia, PA for 16 years.
Grappling
Maxwell has a long history of competitive grappling. He wrestled competitively through high school and college, and then in the US Army. Maxwell became the first person certified to teach Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in the USA. He is the first American to earn a black belt from Relson Gracie.
Jiu-Jitsu accreditations
1997 National Purple Belt Champion GJJTA
1998 Runner-up Purple Belt GJJTA
1999 Purple Belt Pan American Champion
2000 Brown Belt Senior World Champion
2000 Brown Belt Senior Pan American Champion
2001 Brown Belt Senior World Champion
2002 Black Belt Senior Pan American Champion
2002 Black Belt Senior World Champion
2004 Black Belt Senior Pan American Champion
2006 Black Belt Senior Pan American Champion
Personal life
Maxwell is the father of World Champion and four times Pan American Champion Zak Maxwell and his ex-wife DC Maxwell is also a black belt under Saulo Ribeiro with several tournament accomplishments.
References
External links
Official Steve Maxwell Website
Steve Maxwell Founded Gym in Philadelphia
Gracie Academy Philadelphia competition team
Living people
1952 births
American exercise instructors
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
West Chester University alumni
The Riverside Arts Market (RAM) of Jacksonville, Florida is a weekly arts-and-crafts market featuring live music, food, art, and fresh produce. It first opened to the public in the spring of 2009 and currently opens every Saturday 10AM-3PM ET rain or shine, year-round. The marketplace includes a 350-person amphitheater known as Northbank Riverwalk Artists' Square and forms the terminus for the Northbank Riverwalk. It is located underneath the Fuller Warren Bridge alongside the St. Johns River.
History
RAM is a program of Riverside Avondale Preservation (RAP), a neighborhood advocacy not-for-profit 501(c)3. RAP works to enhance and preserve the architecture, history, cultural heritage and economic viability of the historic neighborhoods of Riverside and Avondale in Jacksonville through programs such as the Riverside Arts Market and the Home Tour. The area that houses the Riverside Arts Market had originally been designated as an area for a retention pond with a chain-link fence around it. The founder of RAP, Wayne Wood, a Jacksonville activist and retired optometrist who moved to Jacksonville in 1971, saw potential for a greater use of the area and worked to model the Riverside Arts Market for a similar farmers' market concept in Portland, Oregon. Neighboring The Cummers Art Museum and Downtown Jacksonville, RAM's central location has made it accessible to visitors. Today, it is considered family-friendly and attracts 4,000+ visitors every week. Individuals can purchase a variety of products such as local fruits and vegetables, flowers, handmade art, soap products, and street food.
Initiatives
The market made the transition to a producer-only market in 2016 to promote locally grown food. As a producer-only market, only true local farms are allowed as vendors. Also in 2016, RAM began participating in both the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and Fresh Access Bucks (FAB) programs. Through a partnership with Florida Organic Grower's Incentive program, local produce sellers are able to double their dollars.
Riverside Arts Market is an example of public/private partnership with funding for its extensive infrastructure obtained from FDOT, the City of Jacksonville, JEA, JTA, and Fidelity National.
RAM also encourages local artisans, craftsmen, performers, and artists to participate in the market.
Recognition
RAM is the six-time winner of Folio Weekly's Best of Jacksonville Award for Best Farmers' Market. In 2012, RAM won the Urban Land Institute's North Florida District Council's Public Sector Award. RAM has also been recognized in dozens of publications including USA Today and The Financial Times of London.
Features
RAM features activities throughout the day such as 9AM yoga, dance performances, and guest speakers. The Riverside Arts Market is also a dog-friendly space. Many vendors have bowls of water available for passing canines, and there are usually a few places where you can shop for dog treats and accessories.
Free parking is located at the Fidelity/Black Knight Financial building next to the market, and also around the neighborhood. Bike riders can use ZenCog's Bike Valet to park their bike. For bus riders, the closest bus stop is Riverside Ave. and Peninsular Place.
See also
Jacksonville, Florida#Leisure and entertainment
Riversideartsmarket on Instagram
References
External links
Official site
http://www.foginfo.org/our-programs/fresh-access-bucks/
American food and drink organizations
Retail markets in the United States
Farmers' markets in the United States
Organizations based in Jacksonville, Florida
Montezuma National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife preserve operated by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, encompassing part of the Montezuma Swamp at the north end of Cayuga Lake. The preserve is composed of swamps, pools and channels and is a stopping point for migratory birds.
The refuge lies between the cities of Rochester and Syracuse, New York ( east of Seneca Falls, and west of Auburn), including parts of Seneca, Cayuga, and Wayne counties. Most of the refuge lies in the Town of Tyre, in the northeast corner of Seneca County.
The Montezuma Marshes were designated a National Natural Landmark in May 1973; the citation notes that "A small, 100-acre area within the site is one of the best examples of undisturbed swamp woodlands in New York or New England."
The New York Northern Montezuma Wildlife Management Area borders the national wildlife refuge and protects additional parts of the Montezuma Swamp.
A significant spot along the Atlantic Flyway, the Refuge provides crucial habitat for migratory waterfowl and other birds.
Fauna
Marsh and water birds found at the refuge include the great blue heron, green-backed heron, great egret, black-crowned night-heron, Virginia rail, sora, bitterns, common moorhen and pied-billed grebes.
The refuge also has an area where bald eagles have been nesting in recent years.
Ducks and geese, including Canada geese, snow geese, black ducks and mallards are common at the refuge.
Mammalian species that roam this refuge include raccoon, coyote, muskrat, squirrel, red fox, chipmunk, beaver, gray fox and bats.
History
The Finger Lakes Region was formed by the melting glaciers of the last glacial period, over ten thousand years ago. The northern and southern ends of the lakes gradually developed into extensive marshes. First the Algonquin Indians and later the Cayugas of the Iroquois Nation were the earliest known inhabitants to reap the rewards of the bountiful life in the marsh. The name "Montezuma" was first used in 1806 when Dr. Peter Clark named his hilltop home "Montezuma" after the palace of the Aztec Emperor Montezuma in Mexico City. Eventually the Marsh, the Village, and the Refuge all acquired the name.
There were no dramatic changes in the marsh until the development of the Erie Canal in the 19th century, when it became apparent that feeder canals from Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake would in time link these lakes with the main line. With canal construction, there arose the possibility of draining the marshes, and an act was passed relative to the draining of the Cayuga Marshes. Work first began on the canal system on July 4, 1817, and the completion was marked by the first passage from Lake Erie to New York City on October 26, 1825. Construction of the Seneca-Cayuga canal began in 1818 and by 1828 boats passed from Geneva to the Erie Canal at Montezuma. The Erie Canal did not greatly affect the marshes as the Seneca River still flowed directly from Cayuga Lake into the marshes.
In 1910, the widening and reconstruction of the Seneca and Cayuga extension of the New York State Barge Canal altered the marshes. A lock was built at the north end of Cayuga Lake and a dam was constructed at the outlet of the lake. This effectively lowered the level of the river by and the waters drained from the marshes. The meandering rivers were straightened and deepened, thereby creating additional drainage-ways.
In 1937 the Bureau of Biological Survey, which later became the US Fish and Wildlife Service, purchased of the former marsh. The Civilian Conservation Corps began work on a series of low dikes which would hold water and restore part of the marsh habitat that had once existed.
The refuge was opened in 1938 as the Montezuma Migratory Bird Refuge. President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 7971 which established the Bird Refuge on September 12, 1938.
The refuge provides a stopping point for waterfowl and other migratory birds. The refuge restored marsh land lost to drainage from the construction of the Cayuga and Seneca Canal that linked the Finger Lakes to the Erie Canal.
In May 1973, the refuge was designated as the Montezuma Marshes National Natural Landmark by the Secretary of the Department of the Interior.
On September 22, 2000, "Harmony With Nature" — an eight-person team of musicians from around the country - performed a four-hour, afternoon/evening concert at the refuge, featuring the music of the late John Denver. The speakers and musicians/performers (from across the country) were: Pete Lee Baker, Tom Jasikoff (Montezuma NWR's manager), Tim Bak, Rob Bidinger, Val Cooper, Frank DeLaMarre, Paul Swanton and Brian Taylor (who also served as emcee of the event). The idea for the performance was the brainchild and collective efforts of both Baker and Jasikoff, which actually culminated in a series of "Harmony With Nature" concerts by the group, held on this and other Federally-protected land over 2000-01 (four concerts in total, counting Montezuma NWR). This concert at Montezuma NWR marked the first time that a musical performance had ever been held on federally-protected wildlife land. These musicians donated their talents and time by joining together to promote Denver's legacy and to continue supporting his lifelong commitment to ensuring the preservation of the earth and all its natural habitats. The fund-raising efforts also benefitted Montezuma NWR and the other wildlife sanctuaries, supporting and celebrating wildlife conservation efforts, ecological awareness, environmental education and habitat protection. This particular groundbreaking, historic concert was covered in a Friday, September 22, 2000 (the day of the concert) article on page A-6 of The Citizen (Auburn, N.Y.) newspaper, by staff writer Kelly Willard and a subsequent picture from the concert by staff photographer Cydney Scott followed the article. Baker and Jasikoff also appeared in local, in-studio television interviews regarding the event.
On September 24, 2017, another "Harmony With Nature" event was held there, with Rebecca Colleen, Bill Destler, Jim Clare and Perry Cleaveland providing a two-hour, afternoon music show at the refuge.
Public access
In addition to providing wildlife habitat, the refuge also provides opportunities for people to observe wildlife. The refuge is open during daylight hours seven days a week.
The Wildlife Drive is a one-way auto tour that provides many opportunities to observe and photograph wildlife. The main feature of the drive is the wetland which hosts a rich diversity of waterfowl, waterbirds and other wildlife. The drive is open most of the year with the exception of winter, when the road may not be passable.
The Esker Brook Trail and the Oxbow Trail are available to hikers and walkers. A visitor center and gift shop are open from April 1 to December 1 and have educational brochures, exhibits and specimens about the refuge and its wildlife.
The New York State Thruway passes through the north end of the preserve providing passing motorists with a glimpse of the preserve as they speed along the Thruway.
See also
List of National Wildlife Refuges
List of National Natural Landmarks in New York
References
External links
Montezuma National Wildlife Refuge webpage
New York State's Northern Montezuma Wildlife Management Area webpage
Friends of the Montezuma Wetlands Complex
National Wildlife Refuges in New York (state)
National Natural Landmarks in New York (state)
U.S. Route 20
Protected areas of Seneca County, New York
Protected areas of Wayne County, New York
Protected areas of Cayuga County, New York
Wetlands of New York (state)
Landforms of Seneca County, New York
Landforms of Wayne County, New York
Landforms of Cayuga County, New York
Wang Jianan (born 20 January 1983) is a Chinese-born Congolese table tennis player. At the 2016 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's singles.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Table tennis players from Baoding
Chinese emigrants to the Republic of the Congo
Sportspeople of Chinese descent
Naturalised table tennis players
Naturalized citizens of Republic of the Congo
Chinese male table tennis players
Republic of the Congo table tennis players
Sportspeople from Brazzaville
Olympic table tennis players of the Republic of Congo
Table tennis players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
African Games gold medalists for the Republic of the Congo
African Games medalists in table tennis
African Games bronze medalists for the Republic of the Congo
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Samo Kuščer (born 1952) is a Slovene physicist and writer.
He won the Levstik Award twice for his popular science books, in 1987 Logo in računalnik (Logo and Computers) and in 1993 for Energija (Energy). He is also known for his science fiction stories.
Selected works
Zrak (Air), 2000
Voda (Water), 1997
Brbi gre po barve (Brbi Gets Some Colours), 1994
Živa zemlja (Living Earth), 1994
Energija (Energy), 1991
Logo in računalnik (Logo and Computers), 1987
Moj prijatelj računalnik (My Friend the Computer), 1985
Sabi" (Sabi), short SF stories, 1983Žalostni virtuoz'' (Melancholy Virtuoso), short SF stories, 1989
References
1952 births
Slovenian writers
Slovenian science fiction writers
Yugoslav science fiction writers
Slovenian physicists
Levstik Award laureates
Living people
The Savannah Rug Ratz were an indoor soccer team based in Savannah, Georgia that played in the EISL during both of the leagues seasons from 1997–1998. They played their home games in the Savannah Civic Center.
During their existence, the Rug Ratz played a total of 52 games under head coach Ian MacDonald, winning 13, one via shootout, and losing 39, two via shootout. They scored a total of 564 goals and allowed a total of 832 goals and notched 40 total points in standings out of a possible 156 points. (The EISL awarded 3 points for a win, 2 for a shootout win, 1 for a shootout loss, and 0 for a loss in regulation.)
The team had planned to return for 1999 before the league folded in December 1998.
History
1997 season
The Greater Savannah Sports Council worked with the Alaska-based ownership group to bring the Rug Ratz to Savannah. The Rug Ratz finished 6th overall in the seven-team league. They finished the season with a record of 7 wins and 17 losses, including 1 shootout win and 2 shootout losses, for a total of 22 points. The team's average attendance ranked sixth in the seven-team league.
1998 season
The Rug Ratz began the 1998 season with new owners and a new logo. Savannah Sand Gnats principal owner Ken Silver and local investors (as "Low Country Pro Indoor Soccer Club Inc.") purchased the team in February 1998, pledging higher budgets and better community outreach. The team's first home game was postponed after a late cleaning of the turf left it too wet for safe play at game time.
The Rug Ratz finished 7th overall in the seven-team league. They finished the season with a record of 6 wins and 22 losses for a total of 18 points. The Rug Ratz averaged 1,747 fans per game, worst in the EISL where the average league game saw 2,733 fans in attendance. Head coach Ian MacDonald left the team after the season.
Savannah Rug Ratz forward Shawn Beyer was named to the 1998 EISL All-League Second Team. Players receiving All-League Honorable Mentions included defenders Dan McManemy and Sean Scott plus midfielder Colin Buck.
References
External links
Savannah Rug Ratz at Soccer Times
Eastern Indoor Soccer League teams
Association football clubs established in 1997
Association football clubs disestablished in 1998
Defunct indoor soccer clubs in the United States
Soccer clubs in Georgia (U.S. state)
Sports in Savannah, Georgia
1997 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
1998 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Viviani Emerick (born 9 September 1976) is a Brazilian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Brazilian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Niterói
The Dassault MD 315 Flamant is a French light twin-engined transport airplane built shortly after World War II by Dassault Aviation for the French Air Force.
Design and development
Design work on twin-engined light transport started in 1946 with the MD 303, a development of an earlier project for an eight-seat communications aircraft, the Marcel Bloch MB-30. The prototype MD 303 first flew on 26 February 1947 powered by two Béarn 6D engines, designed to meet a French Air Force requirement for a colonial communications aircraft. A re-engined version was ordered into production at the new Dassault factory at Bordeaux-Mérignac. The production aircraft was a low-wing monoplane with twin tail surfaces and a tricycle undercarriage, powered by two Renault 12S piston engines.
Three main versions of the aircraft now named Flamant (Flamingo in French) were produced. The MD 315 ten-seat colonial communication aircraft (first flown on 6 July 1947), the MD 312 six-seat transport aircraft (first flown on 27 April 1950), and the MD 311 navigation trainer (first flown on 23 March 1948). The MD 311 had a distinctive glazed nose for its role as both a bombing and navigation trainer.
Operational history
The first Flamant was delivered to the French Air Force in 1949 and deliveries of all versions were completed by 1953
The aircraft was used for pilot training, navigation training, light transport, maritime surveillance and light ground attack. During the Algerian War of Independence the plane was used for light attack with the Nord SS.11 and AS.11 antitank missiles or with machine guns, bombs, and rockets. The Flamant MD 311s (which were based in Algeria to train pilots and navigators at first) were the first aircraft in history to fire one of the world's first wire-guided antitank missiles in anger, using French Army SS.11 antitank missiles, in a combat experiment to get at fortified caves located in deep mountain gorges, in 1956 from an aircraft based with the special unit of the French Air Force in Algeria, GOM.86. The SS.11 attacks proved extremely successful and the French Army which had provided the missiles, began an experiment which resulted in the world's first attack helicopters firing antitank missiles. The Flamant stayed in service until 1981. In addition to the French air force, the Flamant served in Cambodia, Madagascar, Tunisia, and Vietnam.
Variants
MB 30-1Original proposals for a bombing and navigation trainer.
MB 30-2Original proposals for a medical and colonial roles.
MB 30-3Original proposals for a liaison and training aircraft.
MD 303
Prototype, one built, powered by two Béarn 6D engines.
MD 311
Bombing, navigation and photography training aircraft, 41 built (1 prototype + 40 production), powered by two SNECMA 12S engines.
MD 312 Multi-engine pilot trainer and six-seat transport and communications aircraft, 118 built, powered by two SNECMA 12S engines.
MD 312M Utility aircraft for French Navy. 25 built.
MD 312BExperimental version with heavier loaded weight, one built, powered by two SNECMA 12S engines. Used later for Mirage IV radar development.
MD 315Ten-seat utility transport aircraft, 137 built, powered by two SNECMA 12S engines.
MD 316TOne prototype fitted with a single-finned tail, and two Wright R-1300-CB7A1 Cyclone radial piston engines.
MD 316XOne MD 315 aircraft fitted with two SNECMA 14X Super Mars radial piston engines.
Operators
Cambodian Air Force (MD 315)
Cameroon Air Force (MD 315)
French Air Force (MD 315, MD 312, MD 311)
French Navy (MD 312)
Khmer Air Force
Madagascar Aeronaval Force (MD 315, MD 312)
Niger Air Force (one MD 312 received in the 1960s)
Republic of Vietnam Air Force (MD 312, MD 315)
Tunisian Air Force (MD 312)
Specifications (MD 315)
See also
Citations
Bibliography
Bridgman, Leonard (ed.) Jane's All The World's Aircraft 1953–54. London:Jane's, 1953.
Francillon, René J. "Flamant — Dassault's Workhorse". Air Enthusiast, 49, March to May 1993. pp. 48–59.
Flamant
1940s French military transport aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1947
Mid-wing aircraft
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
Mitchell Powerhouse and Dam is a historic structure located in Mitchell, Iowa, United States. The west side of town along the Cedar River developed into a processing and manufacturing area, and its mills were powered by the river's current. They all became obsolete and closed around the turn of the 20th-century. In 1917 the Northeastern Iowa Power Co. was incorporated at Clermont, Iowa, and in 1924 they hired the Fargo Engineering Company of Jackson, Michigan to build the powerhouse and dam at Mitchell. It was completed the following year. The concrete dam is composed of a permanent crest and two wide tainter gates. A third gate was converted into a permanent concrete spillway. The powerhouse is a single-story structure composed of rock faced limestone that was laid in a random ashlar pattern. Northeastern Iowa Power Company was transferred to the Central States Power and Light Company, who was in turn transferred to the Interstate Power Company. The Mitchell County Conservation Board acquired the dam, powerhouse, and the adjacent land, which it turned into a public park in 1963. The facility was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
References
Dams completed in 1925
Dams on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mitchell County, Iowa
Buildings and structures in Mitchell County, Iowa
Hydroelectric power plants in Iowa
Energy infrastructure on the National Register of Historic Places
The Battle of Gonaïves took place during the Haitian Revolution.
Battle
Following the abolition of slavery by the French Republic on February 4, 1794, Toussaint Louverture was persuaded to abandon the Spanish army to join the French Republicans. According to General Lavaux, Toussaint stopped fighting the Republicans on April 6 and rallied the Republic on May 6.
Toussaint asked the Spanish garrison of Saint-Raphaël to be supplied with weapons and ammunition, the thing done a few hours later he turned against his former allies, marched on Saint Raphaël and seized.
He then attacked the city of Gonaïves more strongly defended.
According to the testimony of a certain Pélage-Marie Duboys, the Spaniards capitulated but they were granted the honors of the war and they were able to retire.
The losses are not known, but 500 inhabitants of the city fled in front of the black troops and 150 inhabitants were killed.
The reversal of Toussaint made the Spaniards lose almost all their conquests in Saint-Domingue.
Notes
Bibliography
Conflicts in 1794
Gonaïves
Gonaïves
Gonaïves
Haitian Revolution
1794 in France
1794 in North America
Gerbach is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Geography
The village is situated on the Appelbach in the North Palatinate Highlands northwest of the Donnersberg between Kaiserslautern and Bad Kreuznach.
Gerbach also includes the residential areas Althof, Kahlenbergweiher, Köhlerhof and Schneebergerhof.[2] The Campingpark Pfalz is also located in the municipal area.
History
The first documentary mention was made in 1192. Until the end of the 18th century Gerbach belonged to the county of Falkenstein.
In 1794 the left bank of the Rhine was occupied in the First Coalition War. From 1798 to 1814 Gerbach belonged to the canton of Kirchheim (also called Kirchheimbolanden) in the department of Donnersberg. As a result of the Congress of Vienna he was Bavarian from 1816 to 1945. After the Second World War, Gerbach was part of the French occupation zone and was incorporated into the newly formed state of Rhineland-Palatinate in 1946.
Politics
The municipal council in Gerbach consists of twelve council members who were elected in a majority vote at the local elections on 26 May 2019, and the honorary local mayor as chairman.
Emblem
Blasonation: "In gold on a green shield foot a green frog, behind it a willow with brown trunk and green foliage."
Economy and Infrastructure
In Gerbach there is a primary school which is also responsible for Bayerfeld-Steckweiler, Dielkirchen, St. Alban, Ruppertsecken and Würzweiler.
The L 385 and L 400 intersect in the village. The 63 in the southeast connects to long-distance traffic. In Rockenhausen there is a train station of the Alsenztalbahn.
Gerbach has a very traditional male choral society, founded in 1861. In 2011 there was an anniversary celebration (150 years). Furthermore, a carnival club is very active in the community as well as a sports club (Soccer, Table Tennis, Aerobic).
Buildings
In the village there is the catholic church St. Michael.
At Gerbach, there is the world's most powerful wind turbine, an Enercon E-126 with axis height of 135 metres and rotor diameter of 127 metres with a generation capacity of 7.5 MW.
At the end of 2013, a rotor blade came loose and crashed to the ground. This was caused by several cracked bolts on the rotor blade attachment. In May 2014, the turbine was put back into operation after being repaired.
Sons and daughters of the community
Matthias Willenbacher (1969), physicist and entrepreneur
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Cooper Drum Company recycled closed top, steel drums on a facility in South Gate, California from 1976 to 2003. They used strong chemicals to recondition the drums, leading to public concern about health impacts on the surrounding community. In particular, staff and students from Tweedy Elementary School, which borders the Cooper Drum site to the south, complained of health problems that may have resulted from exposure to toxic chemical coming from Cooper Drum Company. In June 2001, the Cooper Drum site was placed on the Superfund list, marking the site as one of the most high priority toxic cleanup sites in the United States.
History
The Cooper Drum site is located at 9316 South Atlantic Avenue in South Gate, Los Angeles California. The site is bordered by industrial properties to the north and east, commercial/residential properties to the west, and Tweedy Elementary School to the south. The site had been used for reconditioning steel drums since 1941 by a series of recycling companies. In 1976, the site was purchased by Cooper Drum Company. Cooper Drum Company's main recycling operation was reconditioning steel drums. Initially the drum reconditioning was conducted along the southern portion of the property. This was an assembly line process along an elevated concrete floor. Drums were flushed and stripped with sodium hydroxide in preparation for painting and resale. The fluids from reconditioning were transferred to two holding tanks and five clarifiers. Any solid precipitate was pumped out and transported for off-site disposal, while the liquid was reused in the conditioning process. When the drums contained solid or highly viscous material, they were subjected to hard washing. From 1976 to 1992 hard washing was conducted on the northern part of the property. During this time, hard washing consisted of placing chains and sodium hydroxide inside the drums and rolling the drums over four concrete sumps that were fitted with grates. The runoff was collected in the four sumps that were connected by open concrete trenches.
In 1992, the drum reconditioning business was purchased by Waymire Drum Company resulting in a number of changes. Firstly, the hard washing operations were moved to the southern portion of the property and high pressure spraying was used in the place of chaining. Additionally, all the collection sumps and trenches, which had been open to the air were replaced with close topped steel tanks and hard piping. The tanks were placed over the sumps and hard piping over the trenches, allowing the initial sumps and trenches to serve as secondary containment for the upgraded equipment.
While the Cooper Drum site was owned by Waymire Drum Company, it was fitted to process plastic totes. Since 2003, no drum processing operations have occurred, and all drum processing equipment has been removed. From 2003 to 2006 the site was used by a pallet company, a trucking and towing company, and two automotive repair and salvage companies.
Health Concerns
Beginning in 1986, both staff and students at Tweedy Elementary school began complaining of various health problems, including stomach aches, headaches, sore throats, and asthma. Staff at Tweedy and parents of the students believed the negative symptoms were caused by exposure to toxic chemicals from nearby industries. The most notable industry was Cooper Drum Company, as it was separated from Tweedy Elementary only by a brick wall. Spurred on by popular demand, surveys and health exams of staff and students were conducted by both the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services and Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD). However, these studies did not show any significantly greater health problems for the students and staff at Tweedy as compared to San Gabriel Elementary, a comparable school located in a residential neighborhood.
Though the health problems of the staff and students at Tweedy Elementary could not be directly tied to Cooper Drum Co., the risks of having the elementary school next to the drum reconditioning site became apparent in April 1987. A quantity of highly caustic liquid, believed to be composed mainly of sodium hydroxide and oil, seeped underground from Cooper Drum Co. to exposed soil on the Tweedy Elementary property. The county cited Cooper Drum Co. for the contamination. Cooper Drum Co. paid for the excavation of this soil, and subsequent repaving, but this incident compounded the previous public health concerns. LAUSD closed the school in 1988.
In 1989, 20 employees, from secretaries to district psychologists, returned to Tweedy without students. Health complaints persisted, with some employees reporting recurring rashes that would go away when they were away from work for extended periods of time. After the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) began considering the Cooper Drum site as a possible Superfund site, the employees staffed at Tweedy called for their relocation. In March 1992, the employees were permanently moved from Tweedy Elementary. Tweedy Elementary School has since relocated.
EPA Involvement
Since the chemical seep into Tweedy Elementary in 1987, at least eight soil sampling events have been conducted at the Cooper Drum site. Initial testing discovered tainted soils up to depths of and polluted water up to below the site. Following its Preliminary Assessment/Site Inspection (PA/SI) the EPA gave the Cooper Drum site a Hazard Ranking System score of 50.1. In order for a site to be considered for the Superfund list, it must receive at least 28.5 points on the Hazard Ranking System scale.
The Cooper Drum site was placed onto the Superfund list on June 14, 2001, and the EPA finished conducting its Remedial Investigation of the site in May 2002. The investigation found significant amounts of volatile organic compounds VOCs, -- including tetrachloroethylene (PCE), trichloroethylene (TCE), and dichloroethylene (DCE) – petroleum hydrocarbons, polychlorinated biphenyls, polyaromatic hydrocarbons, and lead. The investigation found that shallow depths of groundwater were contaminated. However, fine grained materials like clays and silts had helped prevent vertical migration of VOCs into deeper aquifers that are used for drinking water.
Following the study, the EPA issued a Record of Decision (ROD), which selected the actions to take at the site. The groundwater remedy consisted of using a combination of in situ chemical oxidation (ISCO) and extraction and treatment of contaminated groundwater. To treat the soil, the EPA is using dual phase extraction (DPE) to protect the aquifer that lies below the site. This technique extracts contaminated soil vapors and groundwater simultaneously.
See also
List of Superfund sites in California
References
Companies based in Los Angeles County, California
Superfund sites in California
Bost-Burris House, also known as the Elias Burris House, is a historic home located near Newton, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1810, and is a two-story, hall-and-parlor plan, frame dwelling. It is three bays wide and has an exterior end stone chimney. It has a -story ell dated to the late-1860s, and a one-story ell from the late-1890s. The interior retains Federal style design elements from its original construction.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1810
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Trance in Your Mind: The Unstoppable Trance Machine is a various artists compilation album released on September 13, 1994 by Cleopatra Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Trance in Your Mind: The Unstoppable Trance Machine liner notes.
Claus Larsen – remixer and additional production (2)
Release history
References
External links
Trance in Your Mind: The Unstoppable Trance Machine at Discogs (list of releases)
1994 compilation albums
Cleopatra Records compilation albums
Santa Bárbara is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas, Venezuela. The municipality's capital is Santa Bárbara.
History
On december 2021, Carmen Tillero was elected mayor of the municipality.
Geography
The municipality Santa Bárbara is located to the west of the Monagas State. Has a tropical dry forest vegetation and another tropical humid forest, has an average annual temperature of 26.8 °C and rainfall of 1,092 mm (annual average).
Economy
The economy is farm, among the main crops are sugarcane, cotton, maize, soy and sorghum.
Culture
Public holidays
In December, they hold in honor of the patron of the municipality, Santa Barbara.
Mayor
José Malavé (2013—2017)(2017-2021). PSUV.
Carmen Tillero (2021—2025). PSUV.
References
Municipalities of Monagas
Courland is one of the historical and cultural regions of Latvia.
Courland may also refer to:
Political entities
Bishopric of Courland, an ecclesiastical state in the Livonian Confederation 1254-1562
Duchy of Courland and Semigallia, 1561–1795 (including a list of dukes)
Duchess of Courland, a list
Courland Governorate, a Baltic governorate of the Russian Empire 1795–1915
Provisional Land Council of Courland, 1917
Duchy of Courland and Semigallia (1918), a short-lived client state of the German Empire
Other uses
Courland (Saeima constituency), constituency of the Saeima, the national legislature of Latvia
Courland Peninsula, the north-western part of Courland
Courland Pocket, the part of the Courland Peninsula in which Axis forces were confined by the Red Army July 1944 - May 1945
Army Group Courland, Axis forces in the Courland Pocket January - May 1945
See also
Kurland (disambiguation) (the German name)
Kurzeme (disambiguation) (the Latvian name)
In statistics, minimum chi-square estimation is a method of estimation of unobserved quantities based on observed data.
In certain chi-square tests, one rejects a null hypothesis about a population distribution if a specified test statistic is too large, when that statistic would have approximately a chi-square distribution if the null hypothesis is true. In minimum chi-square estimation, one finds the values of parameters that make that test statistic as small as possible.
Among the consequences of its use is that the test statistic actually does have approximately a chi-square distribution when the sample size is large. Generally, one reduces by 1 the number of degrees of freedom for each parameter estimated by this method.
Illustration via an example
Suppose a certain random variable takes values in the set of non-negative integers 1, 2, 3, . . . . A simple random sample of size 20 is taken, yielding the following data set. It is desired to test the null hypothesis that the population from which this sample was taken follows a Poisson distribution.
The maximum likelihood estimate of the population average is 3.3. One could apply Pearson's chi-square test of whether the population distribution is a Poisson distribution with expected value 3.3. However, the null hypothesis did not specify that it was that particular Poisson distribution, but only that it is some Poisson distribution, and the number 3.3 came from the data, not from the null hypothesis. A rule of thumb says that when a parameter is estimated, one reduces the number of degrees of freedom by 1, in this case from 9 (since there are 10 cells) to 8. One might hope that the resulting test statistic would have approximately a chi-square distribution when the null hypothesis is true. However, that is not in general the case when maximum-likelihood estimation is used. It is however true asymptotically when minimum chi-square estimation is used.
Finding the minimum chi-square estimate
The minimum chi-square estimate of the population mean λ is the number that minimizes the chi-square statistic
where a is the estimated expected number in the "> 8" cell, and "20" appears because it is the sample size. The value of a is 20 times the probability that a Poisson-distributed random variable exceeds 8, and it is easily calculated as 1 minus the sum of the probabilities corresponding to 0 through 8. By trivial algebra, the last term reduces simply to a. Numerical computation shows that the value of λ that minimizes the chi-square statistic is about 3.5242. That is the minimum chi-square estimate of λ. For that value of λ, the chi-square statistic is about 3.062764. There are 10 cells. If the null hypothesis had specified a single distribution, rather than requiring λ to be estimated, then the null distribution of the test statistic would be a chi-square distribution with 10 − 1 = 9 degrees of freedom. Since λ had to be estimated, one additional degree of freedom is lost. The expected value of a chi-square random variable with 8 degrees of freedom is 8. Thus the observed value, 3.062764, is quite modest, and the null hypothesis is not rejected.
Notes and references
External links
"Minimum Chi-Square, Not Maximum Likelihood!", by Joseph Berkson
Estimation methods
Statistical hypothesis testing
German Peruvians are Peruvian citizens of full or partial German ancestry. In general, the term is also applied to descendants of other German-speaking immigrants, such as Austrians or the Swiss, or to someone who has immigrated to Peru from German-speaking countries.
History
Since independence Germans had been immigrating to Lima on a small scale. The first wave of immigration was in 1853, organized by then-president Ramon Castilla. These immigrants established themselves in the cities of Tingo Maria, Tarapoto, Pucallpa,
Moyobamba, and in the department of Amazonas. Baron Kuno Damian Freiherr Schutz von Holzhausen, the leader of the immigration movement, consulted with the then Peruvian Minister of Foreign Relations, Manuel Tirado. The meeting's purpose was to colonize the central jungle to better link the Pacific and Atlantic coasts. The colonists would end up colonizing Pozuzo. In 1854, the first immigration contract was signed between the Baron and then-president José Rufino Echenique. The next year, in 1855, this contract was nullified as Echenique had been ousted and Ramon Castilla had assumed the presidency again. The Baron signed a new contract with the new president on December 6, 1855. According to the contract each colonist would be reimbursed by the government for the cost of the voyage from Europe to Pozuzo, the construction of a new highway from Cerro de Pasco to Pozuzo, each colonist 15 years old or older would receive 15 pesos, the distribution of land between the colonists of which they would have legal ownership, exemption for the first six months of taxes, and the responsibility to build schools, churches, and other basic needs. The government, however, required that the colonists be Catholic and workers skilled at a trade. To make this project possible the Baron was hired by the Peruvian government to oversee the colonization, paying him a salary of 2,400 pesos annually. The first wave of colonists departed Antwerp in 1857 and arrived in the Peruvian port of Callao two months later. The third wave of immigrants to the jungle occurred in 1868, taking the same route as the second wave of immigrants did. In later years, the descendants of the German immigrants would go on to found new cities throughout the central jungle such as Oxapampa and Villa Rica.
Throughout the history of Peru, particularly in the 19th and 20th centuries, a substantial number of German immigrants have settled in other parts of Peru, primarily in Lima. Also, many of these German immigrants have Jewish heritage.
Education
German schools in Peru:
Colegio Peruano-Alemán Beata Imelda
Deutsche Schule Lima Alexander von Humboldt (Lima)
Deutsche Schule Max Uhle Arequipa
Reina del Mundo Schule (Colegio Peruano-Alemán Reina del Mundo)
Notable German Peruvians
Andrea Moberg
Efrain Goldenberg
Moritz Hochschild
Liesel Holler
Federico Kauffmann
Jorge Koechlin
Maju Mantilla
Claudio Pizarro
Alberto Thieroldt
Edith Noeding
Barton Zwiebach
Juliane Koepcke
Martha Hildebrandt
Antonio Brack Egg
Isaac Mekler
Christian Meier
Guillermo Wiese de Osma
Guillermo Lohmann Villena
Gladys Zender
Francisco Sagasti
Tracy Freundt
German Peruvian institutions and associations
Instituto Superior Tecnologico Privado Peruano
Colegio Peruano Alemán - Alexander von Humboldt
Colegio Waldorf Lima
Asociación Peruano Alemán Leopoldo Krause
Colegio Peruano Alemán "Beata Imelda"
Instituto Cultural Peruano Aleman
Colegio Peruano-Alemán "Max Uhle"
Colegio Peruano Alemán Augusto Weberbauer
Club Peruano Aleman
CAPA - Centro de Amistad Peruano Alemán
Cámara de Comercio e Industria Peruano-Alemana
Archivo de la Inmigración Alemana en el Perú
Asociación Cultural Johannes Gutenberg
Asociación Médica Peruana-Alemán
Beneficencia peruano-alemana / Deutsch-peruanischer Hilfsverein
Centro Mallqui
Fundación Brandt
Humboldt Club del Perú
Instituto Cultural Peruano Alemán de Arequipa
Cultural Acupari
Agro Acción Alemana / Deutsche Welthungerhilfe (DWHH)
Comisión Brandt
Instituto Goethe
Ethnic groups in Peru
European Peruvian
Peruvian
German diaspora in South America
Brigadier General Kjell Eugenio Laugerud García (24 January 1930 – 9 December 2009) was a Guatemalan military officer who served as the 36th President of Guatemala from 1974 until 1978. He was the son of a Norwegian father and a Guatemalan mother.
Biography
Laugerud received part of his military training in the United States, attending classes at Fort Benning, Georgia, and at Command and General Staff College, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He served as Guatemalan delegate to the Inter-American Defense Board between 1968 and 1970.
Laugerud had been chief of the army staff and defence minister under President Carlos Arana since 1972, then was elected president in a March 1974 vote that was marred by violence and charges of fraud. His candidature had been endorsed by both the military-backed Institutional Democratic Party and the far right National Liberation Movement. During his term, Guatemala experienced a disastrous earthquake in 1976, and had continuing disputes with neighbouring Belize. In 1977, after the Carter administration published a report critical of the human rights situation in Guatemala, Laugerud announced that the country would no longer accept US military aid. Guatemala did in fact receive funds that had already been appropriated for that year, and later turned to other nations, such as Israel, Spain, Belgium, Sweden, Taiwan, and Yugoslavia for military aid and arms supplies.
Just before the end of his term, Laugerud was also faced with the consequences of a stand-off between Kekchi Indians and the military in Panzós, in which 53 unarmed civilians were killed by the Army, and another 47 were wounded.
In 1983, Laugerud and three other ex-presidents were forced to retire from the army.
References
External links
Capsule biography From Rulers.org; search for "Laugerud"
Guatemala Memoria del Silencio Historical Clarification Commission (Guatemala's Truth Commission) on 1971-78 (in Spanish)
INAUGURATION OF NEW PRESIDENT OF GUATEMALA, AP Archive, 2 July 1974
Presidents of Guatemala
People of the Guatemalan Civil War
Guatemalan generals
Institutional Democratic Party politicians
National Liberation Movement (Guatemala) politicians
People from Guatemala City
Guatemalan people of Norwegian descent
1930 births
2009 deaths
Guatemalan anti-communists
Defense Ministers of Guatemala
Non-U.S. alumni of the Command and General Staff College
Dayara Bugyal is a Bugyal (Himalayan Alpine Meadow) in the Uttarkashi district of Uttarakhand. Dayara Bugyal is a popular Trekking and Camping Destination. The Bugyal has an average elevation of 3639m and is around 40 km from Uttarkashi. Dayara Bugyal is nestled between the Deodar and Rhododendron trees and is rich in flora and fauna.
Dayara Bugyal is also a destination for trekking as well as camping. In spring, there is contrast of greenery of the grasslands and red and pink rhododendrons. In winters, the Bugyal turns into snow land with capability of skiing and snow activities. The trek is open throughout the year except the monsoon. Views of the Garhwal Himalayas, including Nanda Devi, Bandarpunch and Swargarohini, can be seen from Dayara Bugyal.
Gallery
References
Montane grasslands and shrublands
Geography of Uttarkashi district
Hiking trails in Uttarakhand
Bachofen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Elisa Bachofen (1891-1976) - first woman civil engineer in Argentina
Johann Caspar Bachofen (1695–1755), Swiss music teacher and composer
Johann Jakob Bachofen (1815–1887), Swiss antiquarian, jurist, philologist, anthropologist, and professor
Surnames of Swiss origin
Databases for oncogenomic research are biological databases dedicated to cancer data and oncogenomic research. They can be a primary source of cancer data, offer a certain level of analysis (processed data) or even offer online data mining.
List
The table below gives an overview of databases for that serve specifically for oncogenomic research. Note that this is not a comprehensive list and does not contain databases that have a generic focus. You may find databases containing cancer data among the List of biological databases or Microarray databases.
See also
Cancer Research
List of biological databases
Microarray databases
Oncogenomics
Oncology
Notes
References
External links
National Cancer Institute's List of Datasets and Databases
Applied genetics
Biological databases
Medical genetics
Cancer genome databases
Hygrocybe conica is a species of agaric (gilled mushroom) in the family Hygrophoraceae. In the UK it has been given the recommended English name of blackening waxcap, since all parts of the basidiocarp (fruit body) blacken with age. In North America it is commonly known as the witch's hat, conical wax cap or conical slimy cap. Hygrocybe conica is known to be a complex of at least eleven closely related species and as such is widespread in Europe, North America, Asia, and elsewhere.
Taxonomy
The species was first described from Bavaria in 1774 by German polymath Jacob Christian Schäffer, who named it Agaricus conicus. Paul Kummer transferred it to the genus Hygrocybe in 1871. Recent molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, has confirmed that Hygrocybe conica belongs in Hygrocybe sensu stricto. However, it has also indicated that the name is currently applied to at least eleven closely related but genetically distinct taxa worldwide.
Description
Basidiocarps are agaricoid, up to 100 mm (4 in) tall, the cap narrowly conical at first becoming umbonate and often lobed, up to 100 mm (4 in) across. The cap surface is smooth and finely fibrillose, moist or viscid at first, variously yellow to orange or scarlet. The lamellae (gills) are waxy, white to pale yellow or greyish. The stipe (stem) is smooth but fibrillose and streaky, yellow to orange-red, whitish towards base, lacking a ring. All parts become duller and grey with age, finally becoming entirely black. The spore print is white, the spores (under a microscope) smooth, inamyloid, ellipsoid, measuring about 8.5 to 11.5 by 5 to 7.5 μm.
Distribution and habitat
Hygrocybe conica is widely distributed across North America, Europe, and Asia, as well as Australia and New Zealand, being found in summer and autumn. In Europe, it is typical of waxcap grasslands, a declining habitat due to changing agricultural practices. It is one of the commonest waxcaps, however, and is also found in dunes, road verges, and other habitats. In North America it is often found in conifer woodland. Though Hygrocybe conica occurs in Australia, principally near urban areas, many collections originally assigned to this species are the similar Hygrocybe astatogala.
Edibility
The edibility of Hygrocybe conica is unknown and may be poisonous.
References
conica
Fungi described in 1774
Fungi of New Zealand
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Fungi of Australia
Fungi of Asia
Hygrophoraceae
Taxa named by Jacob Christian Schäffer
Your Disease Risk is a publicly available health risk assessment tool on the Internet. Launched in early 2000 and continually updated, the site offers risk assessments for twelve different cancers and four other important chronic diseases: heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and osteoporosis.
The site began in 1998 as a pen and paper questionnaire called the Harvard Cancer Risk Index. In January 2000, The Harvard Cancer Risk Index developed into an online assessment and was renamed Your Cancer Risk, and offered assessments for four cancers: breast, colon, lung, and prostate. Six months later, eight additional cancers were added.
In 2004, the site was renamed Your Disease Risk to reflect the addition of four further conditions: heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and osteoporosis. Since many common chronic diseases share risk factors, the renaming promoted the importance of a healthy lifestyle to lowering disease risks.
In 2007, the site moved to the Alvin J. Siteman Cancer Center at Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University School of Medicine.
In 2012, researchers released a related iPad app, called Zuum, that offers customized advice for healthier living based on an individual's diet, exercise and other habits.
In December 2018, the site was re-designed to work across multiple screen sizes - from smartphone to desktop - and a new "Snapshot" tool was added, which provides a quick estimate of 6 diseases from one brief questionnaire.
User experience
Your Disease Risk has a simple, straightforward interface. Questionnaires can be completed in a matter of minutes, and for each disease, the site offers both a visual and verbal risk estimate as well as personalized tips for prevention. The site can also show users what their risk could be should they adopt various healthy behaviors. Tailored screening tips and recommendations for making health changes in communities are also part of site results.
Methodology
The calculations and algorithms used to calculate and display risk estimates in Your Disease Risk are the product of an ongoing process of expert consensus. Epidemiologists, clinicians, and other health specialists regularly review the current scientific evidence for each disease, identifying established and probable risk factors for each. This information is then used to develop or revise calculations that generate a user's risk of disease compared to average risk in the population for someone of the same age and sex.
A validation study found Your Disease Risk to provide well calibrated estimates of cancer risk in the general population. For individual women, the discriminatory accuracy for colon cancer was 0.67, for ovarian cancer 0.59, and for pancreatic cancer was 0.71. For individual men, the discriminatory accuracy for colon cancer was 0.71 and for pancreatic cancer was 0.72. These values exceed the performance of many other cancer risk prediction tools.
The approach used to calculate cancer risks in Your Disease. Risk is also used to calculate the risks of the other diseases. Validation studies for these non-cancer estimates are ongoing.
Awards and media
A winner of the eHealthcare Leadership Award, Your Disease Risk has also been the topic of articles in major media outlets.
References
External links
Your Disease Risk
Zuum on iTunes
Health in the United States
Rogatien-Joseph Martin (March 15, 1849-May 27, 1912) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Taiohae. He was appointed bishop in 1892. He died in 1912.
References
1849 births
1912 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Taiohae
St. Stanislaus Kostka Parish is a Roman Catholic parish located in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. It is known for its vibrant Polish-American community, various community events, and young parishioner base. During the year, dances, bazaars, flea markets, and other events are hosted at the parish center, which is located in the church's parking lot.
Description
It was founded in 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Providence.
See also
Catholic Church in the United States
Catholic parish church
Index of Catholic Church articles
Pastoral care
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Official site of the Holy See
St. Stanislaus Kostka - Diocesan information
Stanislaus Kostka – Discovermass.com
Stanislaus Kostka – Catholicmasstime.org
Churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence
Polish-American culture in Rhode Island
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England
Buildings and structures in Woonsocket, Rhode Island
Churches in Providence County, Rhode Island
The Boston mayoral election of 1959 occurred on Tuesday, November 3, 1959, between former Boston City Council member John Frederick Collins and President of the Massachusetts Senate John E. Powers. Collins was elected to his first term, and was inaugurated on Monday, January 4, 1960.
The nonpartisan municipal preliminary election was held on Tuesday, September 22, 1959.
Collins' victory was considered the biggest upset in city politics in decades. Boston University political scientist Murray Levin wrote a book on the race, titled The Alienated Voter: Politics in Boston, which attributed Collins' victory to the voters' cynicism and resentment of the city's political elite. Collins had been widely viewed as the underdog in the race. Collins had run on the slogan "stop power politics", and was widely seen as independent of any political machine.
Candidates
John F. Collins, Member of the Boston City Council from 1956 to 1957, member of the Massachusetts Senate from 1951 to 1955.
John E. Powers, member of the Massachusetts Senate since 1940, Senate President since 1959.
Candidates eliminated in preliminary
James W. Hennigan Jr., member of the Massachusetts Senate since 1955 and the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1953 to 1955.
John P. McMorrow, member of the Boston School Committee.
Gabriel F. Piemonte, member of the Boston City Council since 1952 to 1959.
Results
See also
List of mayors of Boston, Massachusetts
References
Further reading
External links
Boston Mayor Race - Nov 03, 1959 at ourcampaigns.com
Boston mayoral
Boston
Mayoral elections in Boston
Non-partisan elections
1950s in Boston
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1993 season.
Overview
National Defense Ministry won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Jesus College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England. The college was founded in 1571 by Queen Elizabeth I at the request of Hugh Price, a Welsh clergyman, who was Treasurer of St David's Cathedral in Pembrokeshire. The college still has strong links with Wales, and about 15% of students are Welsh. There are 340 undergraduates and 190 students carrying out postgraduate studies. Women have been admitted since 1974, when the college was one of the first five men's colleges to become co-educational. Old members of Jesus College are sometimes known as "Jesubites".
Harold Wilson studied at Jesus College from 1934 to 1937, and was later the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during two periods (from October 1964 to June 1970, and from March 1974 to April 1976). More than 30 other Members of Parliament (MPs) have been educated at the college, from Sir John Salusbury who was elected as MP for Denbighshire in 1601 to Theresa Villiers who was elected as MP for Chipping Barnet in 2005. Sir Leoline Jenkins, who became a Fellow and later the Principal of the college, was Secretary of State for the Northern Department from 1680 to 1681 and Secretary of State for the Southern Department from 1681 to 1685. Sir William Williams served as Speaker of the House of Commons from 1680 to 1685 and as Solicitor General for England and Wales from 1687 to 1689. Evan Cotton was MP for Finsbury East before holding the position of President of the Bengal Legislative Council from 1922 to 1925. Several Welsh politicians have been educated at the college, some representing constituencies in Wales (such as Sir John Wogan, representing Pembrokeshire at various times between 1614 and 1644) and others working outside Parliament, such as D. J. Williams, a co-founder of the Welsh nationalist party Plaid Cymru.
Other students at the college have subsequently held political offices in other countries. Norman Manley was Chief Minister of Jamaica from 1955 to 1962. P. T. Rajan was Chief Minister of Madras Presidency between April and August 1936. Heather Wilson was the first Old Member of the college to sit in the United States House of Representatives, where she represented New Mexico's 1st congressional district from 1998 to 2009. The Australian politician Neal Blewett was a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1977 to 1994, a Government Minister from 1983 to 1994 and High Commissioner to the UK from 1994 to 1998. Pixley ka Isaka Seme, who studied for a BCL between 1906 and 1909, was one of the founder members of the African National Congress.
Several prominent judges and lawyers were educated at the college. Viscount Sankey, who was Lord Chancellor from 1929 to 1935, studied for a BA in History and BCL between 1885 and 1891. Lord du Parcq was appointed as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary in 1946. Sir Richard Richards became Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer in 1817. The Scottish MP and lawyer Lord Murray was appointed a Senator of the College of Justice in 1979. The solicitor Sir David Lewis was Lord Mayor of the City of London from 2007 to 2008. Other lawyers who studied at the college include James Chadwin QC, who defended the Yorkshire Ripper, and Sir Arthur James, who prosecuted the Great Train Robbers and later became a judge of the Court of Appeal. Academic lawyers include J Duncan M Derrett, Professor of Oriental Laws in the University of London from 1965 to 1982, and Alfred Hazel, Reader in English Law at All Souls College, Oxford.
Alumni
Abbreviations used in the following tables
M – Year of matriculation at Jesus College (a dash indicates that the individual did not matriculate at the college)
G – Year of graduation / conclusion of study at Jesus College (a dash indicates that the individual graduated from another college)
DNG – Did not graduate: left the college without taking a degree
? – Year unknown; an approximate year is used for table-sorting purposes.
(F/P) after name – later became a Fellow or Principal of Jesus College, and included on the list of Principals and Fellows
(HF) after name – later became an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College, and included on the list of Honorary Fellows
Degree abbreviations
Undergraduate degree: BA – Bachelor of Arts
Postgraduate degrees:
BCL – Bachelor of Civil Law
MA – Master of Arts
MPhil – Master of Philosophy
DCL – Doctor of Civil Law
DPhil – Doctor of Philosophy
The subject studied and the degree classification are included, where known. Until the early 19th century, undergraduates read for a Bachelor of Arts degree that included study of Latin and Greek texts, mathematics, geometry, philosophy and theology. Individual subjects at undergraduate level were only introduced later: for example, Mathematics (1805), Natural Science (1850), Jurisprudence (1851, although it had been available before this to students who obtained special permission), Modern History (1851) and Theology (1871). Geography and Modern Languages were introduced in the 20th century. Music had been available as a specialist subject before these changes; medicine was studied as a post-graduate subject.
Politicians from England and Wales
Politicians in other countries
Judges
Other lawyers
Civil servants and diplomats
References
Notes
Bibliography
The Jesus College Record – annual publication. Cited in references as: JCR
Cited in references as: Baker
Volume 1: A–D, Volume 2: E–K, Volume 3: L–R, Volume 4: S–Z. Cited in references as: Foster, 1500–1714
Cited in references as: Oxford Men
Cited in references as: Members List
Cited in references as: ODNB
Cited in references as: Honours
Cited in references as: Honours Supplement 1930
Cited in references as: Honours Supplement 1950
Cited in references as: Honours Supplement 1965
Cited in references as: DWB
Cited in references as: Who's Who
Cited in references as: Who Was Who
External links
List of notable Old Members, Jesus College website
Alumni Politics
Lists of people associated with the University of Oxford
Jesus College, Oxford
Jesus College, Oxford
Jesus College, Oxford
Funmi Wakama née Coker (born 1 July 1966) is a Nigerian journalist.
Biography
Wakama was born in Lagos, Nigeria on 1 July 1966 as Olufunmilayo Yetunde Coker. She started her journalism career as an industrial trainee at the Lagos Television, LTV 8, Lagos in 1985 and moved to the Nigerian Television Authority, Lagos in 1988. She was later appointed as the general manager of Nigeria Television Authority, Abeokuta in 2018.
She studied Mass Communication at the Ogun State Polytechnic, now known as Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta. She has a Post Graduate Diploma Certificate in Journalism from the Nigeria Institute of Journalism, NIJ and a master's degree in Public Administration from the University of Abuja.
She is a former Senior Special Assistant on Media to former Governor Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun State, and the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor. She was the media manager, programme and outreach, International Republican Institute (IRI), USAID programmes in Nigeria.
References
Nigerian journalists
Living people
1966 births
Moshood Abiola Polytechnic alumni
University of Abuja alumni
Mercer County is a county in Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 16,434. Its county seat is Aledo.
Mercer County is included in the Davenport-Moline-Rock Island, IA-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Mercer County is named for Hugh Mercer (1726–1777), a physician and general during the American Revolution who died from wounds suffered at the Battle of Princeton.
In May 1812, Congress passed an act which set aside lands in Arkansas, Michigan, and Illinois as payment to volunteer soldiers in the War of 1812. Mercer County was part of this "Military Tract."
Seven years after Illinois became a state, Mercer County was founded. It was formed from unorganized territory near Pike County on January 13, 1825. Although the county had been created, its government was not organized for several years; for administration purposes it was attached first to Schuyler County (until 1826), then to Peoria (until 1831), and finally to Warren County. The organization of the county government was finally completed in 1835, after a large influx of settlers following the Black Hawk War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Aledo have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in June.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 67
Illinois Route 17
Illinois Route 94
Illinois Route 135
Adjacent counties
Rock Island County - north
Henry County - east
Knox County - southeast
Henderson County - south
Warren County - south
Des Moines County, Iowa - southwest
Louisa County, Iowa - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 16,434 people, 6,734 households, and 4,724 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,358 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.3% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.9% were German, 18.2% were Irish, 11.3% were English, 9.4% were Swedish, and 7.4% were American.
Of the 6,734 households, 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.8% were non-families, and 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 43.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,909 and the median income for a family was $62,025. Males had a median income of $46,136 versus $30,392 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,332. About 8.2% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 7.2% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Aledo
Keithsburg
New Boston
Villages
Alexis
Joy
Matherville
North Henderson
Reynolds (Part in Rock Island County)
Seaton
Sherrard
Viola
Windsor
Unincorporated communities
Boden
Burgess
Cable
Eliza
Gilchrist
Hamlet
Mannon
Marston
Millersburg
Petersville
Preemption
Shale City
Sunbeam
Swedona
Wanlock
Townships
Mercer County is divided into fifteen townships:
Abington
Duncan
Eliza
Greene
Keithsburg
Mercer
Millersburg
New Boston
North Henderson
Ohio Grove
Perryton
Preemption
Richland Grove
Rivoli
Suez
Politics
Historically, Mercer County was a solidly Republican Yankee-influenced county, and before the Republican Party existed a stronghold of the Whig Party. The county never voted for a Democratic presidential candidate until Lyndon Johnson's 1964 landslide over Barry Goldwater – the solitary break in Whig and Republican dominance occurring in 1912 when the GOP was mortally split and Progressive Theodore Roosevelt carried the county over conservative incumbent President William Howard Taft. After Johnson's victory in the county, Mercer voted to being Republican between 1968 and 1984, but Reagan's landslide in that election saw a swing to the Democrats that was capitalized upon by Michael Dukakis to carry the county in 1988. Between then and 2012, Mercer was solidly Democratic, but concern over declining economic opportunities in the “Rust Belt” caused a dramatic swing to populist Republican Donald Trump in 2016. Trump's performance was the best by a Republican since Richard Nixon's 3,000-plus-county landslide in 1972.
Mercer County is located in Illinois's 17th Congressional District and is currently represented by Democrat Cheri Bustos. Within the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is located in the 74th district and is currently represented by Republican Daniel Swanson. The county is located in the 37th district of the Illinois Senate, and is currently represented by Republican Chuck Weaver.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, Illinois
Footnotes
Further reading
William C. Ives, "Abraham Lincoln in Mercer County, Illinois, 1832, 1834, 1858," Journal of the Illinois State Historical Society, vol. 101 (Fall–Winter 2008), pp. 329–347.
History of Mercer and Henderson Counties, Together with Biographical Matter, Statistics, Etc. Chicago: H.H. Hill and Company, 1882.
External links
Illinois Ancestors Mercer County
Illinois counties
1825 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Populated places established in 1825
Quad Cities
Disarmament as Humanitarian Action: Making Multilateral Negotiations Work (DHA) is a research project carried out at the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research (UNIDIR). This project, launched in 2004, examines current difficulties for the international community in tackling disarmament and arms control challenges.
Research activities
The DHA project's research focuses on two major themes:
Showing how humanitarian perspectives add value to disarmament and arms control work, and how proposing new ways these approaches could assist multilateral processes;
Examining multilateral negotiating processes more broadly to help practitioners "think outside the box" in their work by drawing on interdisciplinary research.
Publications
These themes are explored in three UNIDIR publications drawing from a range of contributors in civil society, diplomacy, and the policy and research fields:
Alternative Approaches in Multilateral Decision Making: Disarmament as Humanitarian Action (2005) introduced the project and examined difficulties for multilateral practitioners in negotiating effectively in disarmament and arms control;
Disarmament as Humanitarian Action: From Perspective to Practice (2006) offered practical insights for efforts to reduce human insecurity drawing on lessons learned from humanitarian contexts such as international work on explosive remnants of war, small arms and anti-personnel mines; and
Thinking Outside the Box in Multilateral Negotiations (2006) offered new practical tools and perspectives to assist the ongoing work of multilateral disarmament practitioners.
Current work
An emphasis of the DHA project's work in 2007 is to communicate its research findings to multilateral practitioners. As one element of these efforts, the DHA project created the Disarmament Insight initiative with the Geneva Forum. This initiative is prompting constructive and creative engagement in the multilateral disarmament community through a range of activities including workshops and online resources building on the previous respective work of both DHA and the Geneva Forum.
The DHA project is supported by the Governments of Norway and the Netherlands.
References
External links
Official site
Arms control
Military disbanding and disarmament
Robert Downs Haworth (15 March 1898 – 19 May 1990) was an English organic chemist.
Life
Haworth was born in 1898 in Cheadle, then in Cheshire. His father was a school principal. He received his doctorate from Arthur Lapworth in 1922 at the University of Manchester and was a post-graduate student at the University of Oxford with William Henry Perkin Junior. From 1927 he was a professor at the University of Newcastle and from 1939 at the University of Sheffield.
He researched the chemistry of natural products including resins, tannins, and the structure and synthesis of alkaloids.
A variant of the Friedel-Crafts alkylation, the Haworth reaction, is named after him (1932). It creates 1-tetralone. The related phenanthrene synthesis, the Haworth synthesis (1932), is also named after him.
In 1944, he became a Fellow of the Royal Society. In 1956, he received the Davy medal "in recognition of his distinguished contributions to the chemistry of natural products particularly those containing heterocyclic systems".
Notable students
Albert Reginald Pinder (Graduate student, 1948, "Investigations in isoquinoline chemistry")
Peter L. Pauson (Graduate student, 1949)
Robert E. Davies (Graduate student, 1949)
Henri Albert Favre (Postdoctoral fellow, 1951-1952)
References
Further reading
Biographical Memoirs of Fellows of the Royal Society - Robert Downs Haworth
English chemists
1898 births
1990 deaths
People from Cheadle, Greater Manchester
The udic moisture regime is common to soils of humid climates which have well-distributed rainfall, or which have enough rain in summer so that the amount of stored moisture plus rainfall is approximately equal to, or exceeds, the amount of evapotranspiration. Water moves down through the soil at some time in most years.
Some soil suborders, like udalf (alfisol) and udept (inceptisol), have an udic moisture regime.
See also
Pedogenesis
Pedology (soil study)
Soil classification
Soil science
Soil type
USDA soil taxonomy
Ustic (Soil Moisture Regime)
References
Pedology
Gianfranco Ghirlanda (born 5 July 1942) is an Italian Roman Catholic priest whose career has been closely associated with the Pontifical Gregorian University where he has taught since 1975, served as dean of the Faculty of Canon Law from 1995 to 2004, and led as rector from 2004 to 2010.
Pope Francis made him a cardinal on 27 August 2022.
Biography
Gianfranco Ghirlanda was born on 5 July 1942 in Rome. He worked at Fiat while studying at the Sapienza University of Rome and earned a doctorate in jurisprudence there in 1966. He joined the Society of Jesus that same year and completed his studies of theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University, earning a bachelor's degree in sacred theology in 1973. He was ordained a priest in 1973. Continuing to study at the Gregorian, he earned a licentiate in canon law in 1975 and a doctorate in canon law summa cum laude in 1978.
Ghirlanda has taught courses in canon law in various faculties of the Gregorian since 1975. In 1986 he became a full professor and served as dean of the Faculty of Canon Law from 1995 to 2004. He has served the Holy See as a consultor of various congregations and councils, and was a judge of the Court of Appeal in Vatican City from 1993 to 2003. He has published books on canon law, and approximately 110 articles in various publications.
He was appointed rector of the Gregorian on 1 September 2004 by Pope John Paul II.
He has assisted in the drafting of apostolic constitutions and authored the commentary that accompanied the release of Anglicanorum coetibus in 2009.
On 4 July 2014, Cardinal Joao Braz de Aviz and Archbishop Jose Rodriguez Carballo, the Prefect and the Secretary of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life, announced Ghirlanda's appointment as papal assistant to the Legion of Christ in its ongoing attempt to complete its renewal process. He was assigned a similar role in 2020 with respect to the lay association .
On 6 October 2018, he was named a member of the Dicastery for the Laity, Family and Life.
On 27 August 2022, Pope Francis made him a cardinal deacon, assigning him as his deaconry the Church of the Gesù. He received a dispensation from the requirement that only bishops can become cardinals.
See also
Cardinals created by Pope Francis
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
20th-century Italian Jesuits
Pontifical Gregorian University rectors
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
21st-century Italian Jesuits
21st-century Italian cardinals
Jesuit cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Francis
Moyra Donaldson (born 1956) is a poet and short story writer from Northern Ireland.
Early life and education
Moyra Donaldson was born in 1956 in, Newtownards, County Down. She attended Queen's University Belfast and the University of Ulster. Donaldson works in social work. She had her first collection published in 1998 to critical acclaim. Donaldson has won a number of awards including the Allingham Award, the National Women's Poetry Competition and the Cuirt New Writing Award as well as four awards from the Arts Council of Northern Ireland. She has had work short listed for the Hennessy New Irish Writing Awards. Donaldson has had her work featured on BBC Radio and television and on the Channel 4 production, Poems to Fall in Love With.
Donaldson is a creative writing tutor and has edited a number of anthologies. She was a literary editor for Fortnight magazine. Donaldson is married and they have two daughters.
Bibliography
Kissing Ghosts (1996)
Snakeskin Stilettos (1998)
Beneath The Ice (2001)
Visions and Priorities (2001)
The Horse's Nest (2006)
Miracle Fruit (2010)
Selected Poems (2012)
The Goose Tree (2014)
Blood Horses (2018)
Carnivorous (2019)
References and sources
1956 births
Alumni of Ulster University
Alumni of Queen's University Belfast
People from Newtownards
Women writers from Northern Ireland
Living people
Roslyn Hill, sometimes called "The Queen of Alberta Street," was one of the original developers of what became the Alberta Arts District of Portland, Oregon, starting in the early 1990s.
She, working with business partners, is credited with redeveloping several blocks along Alberta Street, and pioneering the use of urban touches such as public art and corrugated metal siding paired with existing vintage structures.
Roslyn Hill is an important figure in the making and revitalization of the NE Portland, Alberta Arts District. The Alberta neighborhood consisting of the Martin Luther King Jr Boulevard and 33rd NE Avenue streets is a historical marker for the once thriving African-American Albina neighborhood of Portland. Roslyn Hill is a member of the Alberta Street Historical Markers Project which works to honor the history of the African American community on Alberta Street. Hill was honored by the national AARP in 2008 as an "urban-blight fighter."
See also
Oregon Women of Achievement
References
Living people
Businesspeople from Portland, Oregon
Year of birth missing (living people)
African Americans in Oregon
African-American history of Oregon
Abbey was an electoral ward covering the centre of Bath, England. It was abolished as part of the boundary changes effected at the elections held on 2 May 2019.
Abbey is rarely used as the name of an area of Bath, and was primarily used just for electoral purposes within the Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority; it elected two councillors.
St John's Catholic Primary School is located on the eastern edge of the former ward.
The electoral wards surrounding the ward were: Lansdown and Walcot to the north, Bathwick to the east, Widcombe to the south, and Kingsmead to the west.
Notable places
Some notable places within the former ward are:
Assembly Rooms
Bath Abbey
The Circus
Grand Pump Room
Guildhall
Pulteney Bridge
Recreation Ground
Roman Baths
Thermae Bath Spa
References
External links
Bath & North East Somerset Council: Abbey ward, Openly Local
Ward Profile - Abbey, Bath and North East Somerset
Election results for Abbey, 3 May 2007, Bath and North East Somerset
Areas of Bath, Somerset
Electoral wards in Bath and North East Somerset
The Pro Display XDR is a 32-inch flat panel computer monitor created by Apple, based on an LG supplied display, and released on December 10, 2019. It was announced at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on June 3, 2019 along with the third-generation Mac Pro. It is the first Apple-branded display since the Apple Thunderbolt Display was discontinued in 2016. It is sold alongside the consumer Apple Studio Display.
Overview
The Pro Display XDR contains a 6016 × 3384 6K color-calibrated panel, and its rear cover contains a similar lattice pattern to the third-generation Mac Pro. To improve its contrast ratio and HDR capabilities, it uses blue-colored LEDs for its backlight instead of white, at a higher refresh rate than the display itself, and contains a system of "custom lenses and reflectors". The aforementioned lattice serves as a heatsink: Apple stated that this design gave the display sufficient thermal management to operate "indefinitely" at 1000 nits of brightness across the entire screen, and up to 1600 nits in an environment cooler than . The display is available with an optional laser-etched "nano-texture" glass finish to reduce glare. The nano-texture version requires a custom "dry polishing cloth" included with the display and sold by Apple to clean it.
Mounting options are optionally purchasable separately as an accessory, either the "VESA Mount Adapter" or "Pro Stand". Both use a proprietary magnet system to attach the display. The Pro Stand allows for height adjustment and rotation, and includes a lock switch that releases rotation when the display has enough clearance to rotate 90 degrees. The VESA Mount Mount Adapter allows one to use a VESA-mounted stand. Sensors in the display automatically rotate the user interface to portrait mode. Apple partnered with Logitech to create a 4K webcam that attaches to the top of the display magnetically.
Compatibility
The Pro Display XDR runs at full resolution in high dynamic range with the fifth-generation iPad Pro and the following Macs running macOS Catalina 10.15.2 or later:
iMac (2019 or later), supports one display (2019, 2020, M1, 2021) or two displays (2020 with Radeon Pro 5700 or 5700 XT)
MacBook Air (2020 or later), supports one display
Mac Mini (M1, 2020), supports one display
MacBook Pro 13-inch (2020, Four Thunderbolt 3 ports or later), supports one display
MacBook Pro 14-inch (2021), supports two displays (M1 Pro) or three displays (M1 Max)
MacBook Pro 15-inch (2018 or later), supports one display
MacBook Pro 16-inch (2019 or later), supports two displays (Intel, M1 Pro) or three displays (M1 Max)
Mac Pro (2019), supports two displays (580X, Vega II), three displays (W5700X), four displays (dual Vega II, Vega II Duo), or six displays (dual Vega II Duo)
Mac Studio: (2022), supports four displays
Intel-based Macs with Thunderbolt 3 paired with a Blackmagic eGPU or eGPU Pro or a Sonnet eGFX Breakaway Puck RX 5500 XT or 5700
Macs and iPad Pros with DisplayPort will output to it, including Thunderbolt 2-equipped Macs using an adapter, but are limited to lower resolutions and standard dynamic range. Windows and Linux-based systems supporting DisplayPort can output to it but lack configuration abilities like brightness control.
It provides up to 96 W of host charging for MacBooks. The rear USB-C ports require a Mac with a GPU supporting Display Stream Compression (2019 16-inch MacBook Pro, 2019 Mac Pro with W5700X, 2020 27-inch iMac, Macs with Apple Silicon) to run at 3.0 speed, otherwise they will run at 2.0 speed.
Reception
Shortly after the announcement, the stand came under criticism and mockery for being sold as a separate product, and at what was perceived to be an excessive cost for its function—retailing at $999. Gizmodo noted, "the price for Apple's Pro Stand is so high, the crowd at WWDC 2019 let out an audible gasp when its pricing was announced, and that was in a room filled with reporters, Apple employees, Apple developers, and other assorted Apple followers who really ought to be immune to Apple sticker shock by now."The Verge jokingly dubbed the Pro Stand "the most expensive dongle ever".
Technical specifications
See also
Apple displays
Apple Studio Display (1998–2004)
Apple Cinema Display (1999–2011)
Apple Thunderbolt Display (2011–2016)
Apple Studio Display (2022-present)
References
External links
– official site
Apple Inc. monitors
Apple Inc. peripherals
Blue Holes National Park is a national park in Andros, the Bahamas. The park was established in 2002 and has an area of .
Flora and fauna
The park's blue holes contain various unique cavefish and invertebrates. The park also contains thousands of acres of pine forest, which provide habitat for birds such as the Bahama oriole, great lizard cuckoo, western spindalis, red-legged thrush, black-faced grassquit and Cuban emerald.
References
Further reading
National parks of the Bahamas
Andros, Bahamas
Zsolt Becsó (born 14 June 1967) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Nógrád County Regional List from 1998 to 2010. He represented Pásztó, his birthplace, between 14 May 2010 and 5 May 2014, and Salgótarján between 6 May 2014 and May 2018. Due to an undetermined serious illness, Becsó was replaced as individual candidate in Salgótarján by his brother Károly Becsó for the 2018 parliamentary election. Nevertheless, both of them became members of the new parliament, as Zsolt Becsó was elected via the joint national list of Fidesz-KDNP.
He served as President of the General Assembly of Nógrád County twice: between 1998 and 2002, and from 2006 to 2010. In the Hungarian Parliament, Becsó worked in the Regional Development Committee (1998–2006), Sport and Tourism Committee (2006–2014) and Enterprise Development Committee (since 2014).
Personal life
He is married and has one child.
References
Sources
1967 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1998–2002)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2022–2026)
People from Pásztó
Miguel de Carvalho. also known as Michael Carvalho, (1579 – 25 August 1624) was a Roman Catholic missionary from Portugal. He was beatified in July 1867 by Pope Pius IX.
Biography
Miguel was born in Braga, in 1579, to a noble and wealthy family. In 1597, he joined the Society of Jesus in Coimbra. In 1602, he studied in Portuguese India. After completing his studies of philosophy and theology at St. Paul's College in Goa, he was ordained to the priesthood. For several years, his vocation was a professor of theology at the Academy On 21 August 1621, he arrived in Japan, after traveling from Portuguese India through Manila, Malay, and Portuguese Macau. The situation in Japan was resulting in measures aimed at reducing the impact of the growing number of Catholics in social life. After a period of intense missionary activity by the Catholic Church, Hidetada Tokugawa, the second shōgun of the Tokugawa dynasty, issued a decree which banned the practice and teaching of the Christian faith, and under the threat of loss of life, all the missionaries had to leave Japan. This decree started the bloody persecution of Christians, which lasted several decades.
On Amakusa, Carvalho hid in plain view, disguised as a soldier for two years, where he assimilated the Japanese language and principles of inculturation. When the local governor openly confessed that Carvalho was a missionary, and the actual purpose of his stay was to preach and convert the locals to Christianity, he was expelled from the island. With the help of fellow believers, he went to Nagasaki, where the Jesuit Provincial, Francisco Pacheco advised him to remain prudent in the implementation of the apostolate and directed him to care for a small group living in a suburban area. On 22 July 1623, as he returned from the pastoral ministry in Ōmura, Carvalho was arrested due to an accusation from an informant. In the local prison, he joined Pedro Vásquez, Luis Sotelo, and two Japanese Franciscans, Ludovicus Sasada and tertiary Ludovicus Baba. Miguel spent his time in captivity with the celebration of daily Mass and prayer. On 24 August, a death sentence was ordered, which was performed the next day in Ōmura. On 25 August 1624, Carvalho and his companions were burned at the stake.
Legacy
The steadfastness and joy that he showed convicts in the face of martyrdom for the faith, aroused the admiration of his contemporaries.
Carvalho was beatified by Pope Pius IX on 7 July 1867. The death of the martyrs is commemorated by an obelisk in Ōmura.
In the Roman Catholic Church, Carvalho's feast day is celebrated on 25 August, as well as 10 September, the anniversary of the massacre of 205 Japanese martyrs in Ōmura, and the Jesuits mention it also 4 February.
Carvalho is the patron saint of the department of philosophy at the Catholic University of Portugal, Braga Campus.
References
1577 births
1624 deaths
People from Braga
17th-century Portuguese Jesuits
Portuguese Roman Catholic missionaries
Portuguese beatified people
Portuguese Roman Catholic saints
Jesuit martyrs
Martyred Roman Catholic priests
Roman Catholic missionaries in Japan
People executed by Japan by burning
Portuguese people executed abroad
Portuguese expatriates in Japan
Jesuit missionaries
The stale seed bed or false seed bed method is a weed control technique used at both the farm and garden scales. In this that the young weeds can then be easily eliminated. By destroying them early, the farmer or gardener eliminates most of that season's annual weeds, which reduces their labor and improves their crop yields.
Description
The stale seed bed technique of weed control was developed before herbicide use began. It reduces the soil's seed bank or quantity by allowing the weed seeds both opportunity and time to germinate, sprout, and appear before the intended crop is planted. Once the weeds appear, they are easily eliminated by various methods that minimize further soil disturbance. This cycle can be repeated numerous times before planting the crop. Early reduction of the weed seed quantity by this method reduces the need to weed for the rest of the growing season, and in some cases performs as well as chemical weed control methods.
Method
The false or stale seed bed technique can be started immediately after harvesting a field, or at least two weeks prior to planting a new crop.
Farm-scale Approach
The farm field should be worked and smoothed into a flat fine seed bed. The initial tillage is normally done with a disc harrow or a rotary tiller, rather than with a plow. If plowing is required, secondary passes with a disc or tiller will be needed. The next step is to break up clods and flatten the surface is done with a spring-tooth or spike-tooth harrow, or with a chain drag harrow, depending on the soil type. Final preparation is done with a cultipacker or other type of roller to firm the soil, which enhances seed germination.
After the weeds have sprouted and reached the first-leaf stage, they are eliminated. This is done with by either mechanical or thermal means.
Mechanical elimination of these small weed seedlings is done by stirring the surface of the soil to uproot and bury the seedlings. The most commonly used implement is a field cultivator fitted with sweeps. Either duckfoot sweeps and blade sweeps (beet knife) can be used, but must be set for a very shallow depth of cut. The other implement that can be used is a chain harrow or drag harrow.
Thermal elimination of the small weed seedlings is done with a flame weeder. This method has the added advantage of not disturbing the soil at all. Flame weeding uses propane to very briefly expose the seedlings to flame and intense heat. It does not burn the plant, but instead causes denaturing of the cell membranes and subsequent dehydration. A flame weeder implement is normally a trailer that is light enough to be pulled through the field by either a tractor or a pickup truck.
In many cases, several cycles of cultivatortilling and weeding are done, often at 2-week intervals. This allows more and
more weed seeds to germinate and be removed. Repetition eliminates more weeds, but care
must be used to not delay planting of a desirable crop later than the crop needs for a successful
season's growth. After several years, most, if not all, weeds can be eliminated from the seed
bank in the soil.
Garden-scale Approach
The stale seed bed method can easily be used in the garden. The timing and steps are the same
as described for a farm-scale operation, but the equipment used is different. Rather than repeat
the description of the steps detailed above, the equipment changes will be noted here.
Initial tillage in the garden can be done by spading with a shovel or spade, cultivating with a
wheel cultivator, or by tilling with grub hoe or a rototiller. The soil should only be worked deep
enough to kill existing plants and loosen enough soil to create a seed bed. The garden tillage
depth is normally about 4 inches, with a maximum of 6 inches.
Seed bed finishing can be done with a heavy garden rake to break up clods and level the soil. Lightly rolling, tamping, or compacting the soil surface will increase germination. The garden can also be watered to speed up germination of the weeds.
After the weeds have sprouted and reached the first-leaf stage, they are eliminated using mechanical or thermal methods as above.
Mechanical elimination of small weed seedlings in the garden is done by stirring the surface of the soil to uproot and bury the seedlings. This can be done with a long-handled hoe that only works at the surface of the soil, such as a light draw hoe, a stirrup hoe, or a scuffle hoe. Weeding can also be done with a wheel hoe outfitted with sweeps.
Thermal destruction of the small weed seedlings can be done with a flame weeder, which does
not disturb the soil at all. There are both hand-held units for small gardens, and wheeled
versions for larger gardens.
No-Till Approach
A no-till approach to creating a stale seed bed is usually done on large commercial garden beds or in home gardens. It skips the soil tillage steps, but may involve removing enough plant residue to avoid problems with the tarps. The no-till stale seed bed method involves covering the soil with plastic or silage tarps.
There are two basic strategies: soil solarization and soil occultation. With soil solarization, the seed bed is covered with a clear plastic sheet which heats the soil to a temperature that kills pests, pathogens, and weeds. With occultation, black plastic or silage tarps are laid over the soil, creating a moist and warm environment in which weed seeds germinate, and then die due to lack of light. In either case, the seedbed is prepared and moistened prior to covering with the plastic or tarp.
References
Horticulture
Seeds
James McNiven (born 3 June 1965) is a British lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1994 World Rowing Championships in Indianapolis with the lightweight men's eight. He also competed in the men's lightweight coxless four events at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Olympic rowers of Great Britain
Rowers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Us Paar is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Basu Chatterjee and starring Vinod Mehra and Moushumi Chatterjee. It has music by Sachin Dev Burman and lyrics by Yogesh.
Cast
Vinod Mehra as Mohan
Moushumi Chatterjee as Kamli
Padma Khanna as Dhaniya
Soundtrack
The music of the film is composed by Sachin Dev Burman and lyrics by Yogesh.
References
External links
1974 films
1970s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Basu Chatterjee
Films scored by S. D. Burman
SIMULATE (formerly known as NUGGS) is a food technology company headquartered in SoHo, Manhattan aiming to simulate meat products with plant inputs. The company was founded in 2018 by Ben Pasternak and Sam Terris.
The company's signature product, NUGGS, a plant-based chicken nugget alternative, was launched in July 2019 via a direct-to-consumer website. NUGGS started to be sold in retail stores such as Whole Foods Market, Walmart, Sam's Club, and Target in early 2021. SIMULATE also makes a plant-based chicken patty product called DISCS.
The company also sells its products via ghost kitchens in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
In July 2019, NUGGS announced that it had raised a $7 million Series A funding round. The round was led by McCain Foods and also included investment from Alexis Ohanian, Robert Pittman, and Lerer Hippeau.
In July 2020, NUGGS announced that it had raised an additional $4 million in funding, and announced that it was changing its name to SIMULATE.
In June 2021, SIMULATE announced that it had raised a $50 million Series B funding round. The round was led by Alexis Ohanian's venture capital fund Seven Seven Six and also included investment from Chris Sacca, McCain Foods, NOMO Ventures, Imaginary Ventures, Day One Ventures, and Jay-Z's venture capital firm Marcy Venture Partners. SIMULATE expects to use the funds to accelerate new product development; triple the company's employee base with the addition of scientists and engineers; scale manufacturing and increase its retail and food-service presence. The company also plans to expand internationally, first in Canada.
References
Vegetarian companies and establishments
The Missouri Athletic Club's Downtown Clubhouse is a historic building having Renaissance Revival architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
The Missouri Athletic Club has two clubhouses. The Downtown Clubhouse is located at 405 Washington Avenue, at the corner of Fourth Street, adjacent to the entrance to the Eads Bridge on the Missouri side. Designed by William B. Ittner, the clubhouse contains two restaurants, a ballroom, a barber shop, numerous private meeting rooms, a reading room, a billiard parlor, a rooftop deck, more than 75 guest rooms, and full-service athletic facilities. The athletic facilities include weight training, a pro shop, whirlpools, tanning beds, wet and dry saunas, trainers, pros, a masseuse, squash courts, racquetball courts, and handball courts.
References
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Landmarks of St. Louis
Men's club buildings
Renaissance Revival architecture in Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis
Downtown St. Louis
Buildings and structures in St. Louis
2007 establishments in Missouri
Christian Gómez (born 7 November 1974) is an Argentine former professional footballer.
Career
Argentina
Gómez began playing professional soccer at the age of 17 with Argentine club Nueva Chicago, which was at the time playing in the second division. He played with the team from 1991 to 1997, appearing in 155 games and scoring 46 goals. In 1997, Gómez moved to one of Argentina's largest and most successful clubs, CA Independiente, which he would play for from 1997 to 1999, scoring 12 goals in 80 games. He moved to Argentinos Juniors, where he would finish out the second half of 1999–2000 season. Gómez then returned to Nueva Chicago, where he would help the team earn promotion to the first division, while scoring 14 goals in 63 games. He then briefly returned to Independiente in 2002, before moving to Arsenal de Sarandí, where he would play in 30 games, scoring 6 goals, between 2003 and 2004.
United States
Gómez signed with D.C. United of MLS on 14 August 2004 who had been interested in him for several years, and he played his first match for the club on 21 August 2004. Gómez played nine regular season games for United, catalyzing the offense while teaming very well with Jaime Moreno, and finished the season with four goals. He then helped them to the MLS Cup. In 2005, Gómez scored 11 goals and 9 assists and was named to the MLS Best XI. In 2006 Gómez won the MLS MVP award. In the 2007 MLS season, Gomez played in 27 games (27 starts) and compiled 10 goals and 9 assists. Gomez was named MLS All-Star in 2005, 2006 and 2007.
He was traded to the Colorado Rapids for the 2008 season in exchange of a Designated Player sport and a first round pick in the 2009 MLS SuperDraft. However, his season with the Rapids was disappointing.
He was traded back to D.C. United for the 2009 season.
After playing with United in 2009, it was reported on 1 February 2010, that Gomez would not return to United for the 2010 season. He subsequently signed with USSF Division 2 club Miami FC on 25 March 2010.
Honors
D.C. United
Major League Soccer MLS Cup: 2004
Major League Soccer Supporter's Shield: 2006, 2007
Individual
Major League Soccer MVP: 2006
MLS Best XI: 2005, 2006, 2007
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Arsenal de Sarandí footballers
Nueva Chicago footballers
D.C. United players
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine expatriate footballers
Colorado Rapids players
Miami FC (2006) players
Major League Soccer players
Major League Soccer All-Stars
Major League Soccer MVPs
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Argentine Primera División players
USSF Division 2 Professional League players
Association football midfielders
Indiana Public Retirement System (INPRS) is a U.S.-based pension fund responsible for the pension assets for public employees in the state of Indiana. INPRS is among the largest 100 pension funds in the United States, with $47.961 billion in actuarial accrued liabilities and $34.479 billion in actuarial assets as of June 30, 2021. The fund administers and manages several pension funds in the State of Indiana, the two largest of which are the Indiana State Teachers' Retirement Fund and the Indiana Public Employees' Retirement Fund. The others are the 1977 Police Officers' and Firefighters' Retirement Fund; the Judges' Retirement System; the Excise, Gaming, and Conservation Officers' Retirement Fund; the Prosecuting Attorneys' Retirement Fund; the Legislators' Defined Benefit Fund; and the Legislators' Defined Contribution Fund. Each of the current funds remains separate but all are administered by the nine-member board of trustees of INPRS.
INPRS covers 507,957 members consisting of 214,882 active employees, 163,663 benefit recipients, and 129,412 inactive members. In fiscal year 2021, its various funds paid out approximately $3.4 billion in annual benefits and received $3.2 billion in annual employer and employee contributions as well as income from its investment portfolio. The portfolio totaled $45.8 billion of assets under management as of June 30, 2021. Overall, INPRS has an approximately 89.0 percent funded actuarial value as of June 30, 2021, excluding a pay-as-you-go plan relating to the Indiana Teachers' Retirement Fund.
INPRS also oversees three non-retirement funds: the Pension Relief Fund, the Public Safety Officers' Special Death Benefit Fund, and the State Employees' Death Benefit Fund.
References
External links
Economy of Indiana
Public pension funds in the United States
Paner is a village in Ajmer district in Rajasthan. This village is associated with the folk-deity Tejaji, as it was his sasural.
See also
Tejaji
Sursura
Kharnal
References
Mansukh Ranwa: Kshatriya Shiromani Vir Tejaji (क्षत्रिय शिरोमणि वीर तेजाजी), 2001
Villages in Ajmer district
Meet the Missus is a 1937 American domestic comedy film directed by Joseph Santley, using a screenplay by Jack Townley, Bert Granet, and Joel Sayre, based on an original story by Jack Goodman and Albert Rice. The movie was produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, and was initially released on June 4, 1937. The film stars Victor Moore and Helen Broderick (in the fifth of their six 1936–38 films) as well as Anne Shirley.
Plot
Mrs. Foster loves to enter contests which she never wins. Mr. Foster is exasperated with his wife. The Happy Noodle Company is looking for Mrs. America and Emma Foster becomes a finalist. The couple go to Atlantic City for the finals. Emma never had time to do homemaker chores and during the contest she has to get her husband Otis to do the work. Other husbands were likewise frustrated with the contest and their wives. The wives went full force to out do the other finalists.
Cast
Victor Moore as Otis Foster - Husband
Helen Broderick as Emma Foster - Wife
Anne Shirley as Louise Foster - Daughter
Alan Bruce as Steve Walton
Edward H. Robins as Gordon H. Cutting
William Brisbane as Prentiss
Frank M. Thomas as Barney Lott
Ray Mayer as John White
Ada Leonard as Princess Zarina - Stripper
George Irving as District Attorney
Alec Craig as College President
Willie Best as Mose - Shoe Shine Boy
Virginia Sale as Mrs. Moseby - Emma's Maid
Jack Norton as Mr. Norton aka Mr. Cotton Belt
References
External links
Meet the Missus at TV Guide (1987 write-up was originally published in The Motion Picture Guide)
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Joseph Santley
1937 comedy films
1937 films
American comedy films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Roy Webb
1930s American films
Films about beauty pageants
Films set in Atlantic City, New Jersey
The following properties in Fall River, Massachusetts are listed on the Registered Historic Places. This is a subset of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts.
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
List of National Historic Landmarks in Massachusetts
References
Fall River
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Fall River, Massachusetts
"Don't Make My Baby Blue" is a song by Frankie Laine, released as a single in March 1963. It peaked at number 51 on Billboard Hot 100. It was later covered by the Shadows, who had a hit with it in the UK.
Release and reception
"Don't Make My Baby Blue" was recorded by Laine at the beginning of March 1963 at CBS Columbia Square Studios in Sunset Boulevard. It was produced by Terry Melcher and features an orchestra arranged and conducted by Jack Nitzsche. It was released as a single at the end of March with the B-side "The Moment of Truth", written by Laine, Nell Western and Fred Katz.
Reviewed in Billboard, it was described as Laine's "best record in a long, long time" with "a multi-tracked contemporary sound that's bound to rocket the vet singer to hitland". In Cash Box, it was described as being Laine's "strongest bid for teen-market acceptance" and has "over-dubbed against a first-rate Nashville-styled ork-chorus backdrop".
Track listing
7": Columbia / 4-42767
"Don't Make My Baby Blue" – 2:09
"The Moment of Truth" – 2:40
Charts
The Shadows version
In July 1965, British group the Shadows released a cover of the song as a single. It peaked at number 10 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming their last top-ten hit until "Don't Cry for Me Argentina" in 1978.
Release and reception
The basic track was recorded in May 1965 at the Estúdios Valentim de Carvalho in Lisbon; however, the vocal overdubs were recorded at EMI Studios in London, though the precise date is unknown. It was released with the B-side "My Grandfather's Clock", a standard written in the late 1800s.
Reviewed in Record Mirror, it was described as having "a solid, heavy sound", "with some atmospheric old rock style guitar work backing things up. Ultra-commercial, usual pop format, but well produced and presented. A lot better than most vocal group discs". For New Musical Express, Derek Johnson described the song as "a melodic rockaballad, with a hummable, easy-to-remember tune, it has a thumping beat, some resonant Marvin guitar work, and added piano. Extremely good of its kind, and quite unlike anything the Shads have done before".
Track listing
7": Columbia / DB 7650
"Don't Make My Baby Blue" – 2:13
"My Grandfather's Clock" – 2:41
Personnel
Hank Marvin – electric lead guitar, lead vocal, multi-tracked second lead vocal
Bruce Welch – acoustic rhythm guitar, harmony vocal, multi-tracked second harmony vocal
John Rostill – electric bass guitar
Brian Bennett – drums
Norrie Paramor – piano
Charts
Other versions
In 1964, American musician Lonnie Mack released a cover of the song as a single, though it failed to chart.
In 1966, the Tony Dallara band I campioni released an italian version of the song as Non farla piangere
In 1968, Hong Kong band Teddy Robin & the Playboys covered the song on their album Memories.
In 1970, British band The Move covered the song on their album Shazam.
In 2010, Danish singer Keld Heick covered the song on his album Time Machine.
References
1963 singles
1965 singles
Frankie Laine songs
The Shadows songs
The Move songs
Songs written by Barry Mann
Songs with lyrics by Cynthia Weil
1963 songs
Columbia Records singles
Columbia Graphophone Company singles
Song recordings produced by Terry Melcher
Song recordings produced by Norrie Paramor
Daniel Louw is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T46 sprint events.
Louw competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta. He competed in all three sprints winning a bronze medal in the 200m and finishing fifth in both the 100m and 400m.
References
External links
Paralympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic bronze medalists for South Africa
Living people
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
South African male sprinters
20th-century South African people
Amputee sprinters
Paralympic sprinters
Austine Wood Comarow (November 10, 1942 – July 31, 2020) was an American artist known for inventing Polage art, an art medium using color created out of polarized white light and clear cellulose.
Early life
Austine was born in Louisville, KY, daughter of diplomat James Morgan Read and artist Henrietta Morton Read. She lived in Germany when her father was Chief of the Division of Education and Cultural Relations of the Allied High Commission for Occupied Germany, (HICOG). The family moved to Geneva, Switzerland in 1951, when her father became Deputy High Commissioner for Refugees at the United Nations. In 1960, Austine returned to the United States to attend Swarthmore College, completing her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Russian Language and Literature at Indiana University in 1964. She studied art at Pontifical Catholic University of Chile in Santiago from 1970 to 1973 and later earned her Master of Fine Arts degree at Syracuse University in 1981.
Career
In 1967, Austine began developing a new light art medium she named Polage art using polarizing filter and a collaging method of building images from cut pieces of clear cellulose. The medium produces brightly colored images without the use of pigments or dyes of any kind, and when manipulating materials in the viewers' hands or within the workings of the art itself, the colors shift and morph the visible images.
Her work is included in the permanent collections at the Museum of Science Boston, the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science, and Swarthmore College, along with hospitals, museums, public spaces and private collections the world over.
In 1998, Austine began a continuing relationship with Maui Jim, which specializes in high-quality polarized sunglasses.
References
External links
• Official Website
• Maui Jim, Inc. on its collaboration with Austine
1942 births
2020 deaths
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
Artists from Louisville, Kentucky
Indiana University alumni
Pontifical Catholic University of Chile alumni
Syracuse University alumni
Swarthmore College alumni
Padua Sufia Rahman High School is a secondary school in Chauddagram, Comilla District, Bangladesh.
References
High schools in Bangladesh
Schools in Comilla District
Too Much Coffee Man (TMCM) is an American satirical superhero created by cartoonist Shannon Wheeler. Too Much Coffee Man wears what appears to be a spandex version of old-fashioned red "long johns" with a large mug attached atop his head. He is an anxious Everyman who broods about the state of the world, from politics to people, exchanging thoughts with friends and readers.
The strip is most often presented as a single page in alternative press newspapers, though occasionally the story arc stretches into multi-page stories. TMCM has appeared in comic strips, minicomics, webcomics, comic books, magazines, books, and operas. The Too Much Coffee Man comic book won the 1995 Eisner Award for Best New Series.
Publication history
Creation
Too Much Coffee Man first appeared in 1991, in the Too Much Coffee Man Minicomic, as a self-promotion for Wheeler's book Children with Glue (Blackbird Comics, 1991). The minicomics, which appeared in many different formats, even one issued as a one-inch square, were self-published, photocopied, and handmade by Wheeler in initial runs of 300 black-and-white copies.
Wheeler said he created Too Much Coffee Man to make more accessible themes he had begun in a college newspaper. He said in 2011:
Newspaper strip
Too Much Coffee Man started as a one-page ongoing strip running in The Daily Texan in 1991. Over time, it became syndicated to a number of alternative weeklies throughout the U.S.
With the January 23, 2006, installment, the "Too Much Coffee Man" strip was retitled "How to Be Happy, with Too Much Coffee Man". On February 6, 2006, the title was simplified to "How to Be Happy", and Too Much Coffee Man did not appear in the strip again until January 21, 2008.
Comics
Solo title
Wheeler published four issues of the Too Much Coffee Man minicomic in 1991–1992.
Wheeler self-published the Too Much Coffee Man comic book via Adhesive Comics between 1993 and 2005. The first five issues were dated from July 1993 to February 1996. These were followed by three annual issues of Too Much Coffee Man's Color Special from 1996 to 1998. In July 1998, Adhesive released Too Much Coffee Man No. 8, thus skipping issues No. 6 and 7. After issue No. 10 (Dec. 2000), the comic became Too Much Coffee Man Magazine, featuring stories, articles, and reviews alongside TMCM material.
Appearances in other titles
Too Much Coffee Man strips appeared in the Austin, Texas-based anthology, Jab issues #1–4 and No. 6, published by Wheeler's own imprint Adhesive Comics from 1992 to 1995.
In 1994 TMCM appeared in the independent anthology Hands Off!, published by Washington Citizens for Fairness.
From 1994 to 1996, Too Much Coffee Man stories ran in the Dark Horse Comics anthology series Dark Horse Presents, in issues #92–95, and #100–111. Dark Horse collected all the TMCM stories from Dark Horse Presents in the 1997 special Too Much Coffee Man "Saves the Universe".
1997 was a banner year for Too Much Coffee Man, with stories in the SPX: Small Press Expo anthology, Caliber Press's Negative Burn No. 50, the Head Press anthology No Justice, No Piece!, and the trade paperback Wake Up and Smell the Cartoons of Shannon Wheeler, published by Mojo Press.
In 1998, TMCM stories were printed in Oni Double Feature No. 2 and Judge Dredd Megazine vol. 3, No. 41.
From 1999 to 2002, Too Much Coffee Man stories ran in the Dark Horse Comics anthology series Dark Horse Extra, in issues No. 8, 10–13, 41–43, and 48.
In 2011, TMCM appeared in the Madman 20th Anniversary Monster!, published by Image Comics, and War of the Independents No. 1, published by Red Anvil.
In 2013, TMCM was featured in a three-issue how-to guide on submitting comics to the digital comics platform ComiXology. In 2014, TMCM stories appeared in BANG! The Entertainment Paper #7–8.
Online
With the earnings from a Converse shoe commercial, Wheeler purchased a computer, launched his website tmcm.com on December 7, 1995, and began posting his comics online. He continues to post new and newly colored Too Much Coffee Man cartoons on his website every week.
Plot and characters
Through multi-layered narratives, the comic explores issues of politics and the toils of urban society, often through the lens of the comics scene and coffee shop culture. In addition to the titular character, the creator of the strip often appears as a character, as does a "reader" character.
Too Much Coffee Man — Although he spends most time in his apartment or at the local coffee shop debating with his often pessimistic cohorts, Too Much Coffee Man is capable of going into a "manic paranoid frenzy" in combat, allowing him to pulverize opponents. He gains his amazing powers from coffee and cigarettes – he distills his extra potent espresso mix in a secret laboratory above the coffee shop. TMCM rarely sleeps and his nerves are shot from an excess of caffeine. He has also been in outer space and in a U.S. prison. Visually, the character is a parody of superheroes, which since their inception have been colloquially referred to by industry professionals as "long-underwear characters". Too Much Coffee Man wears literal long underwear, dressing in what appears to be a spandex version of old-fashioned red "long johns" (full-body underwear with a buttoned flap on the back for bodily functions) with a large mug attached atop his head; it remains unclear whether he is wearing it or whether it is physically part of him.
Too Much Espresso Guy — Too Much Coffee Man's cynical friend. The espresso cup atop his head is strapped on in an obvious way.
Too Much German White Chocolate Woman With Almonds — their mutual friend. She is pale-skinned, worries a lot, and has large almonds on her face.
Underwater Guy — another mutual friend, who wears a wetsuit with a diving snorkel and mask.
Mystery Woman — Too Much Coffee Man's secret love.
Trademark Copyright Man — Too Much Coffee Man's archenemy.
Collected editions
Too Much Coffee Man "Saves the Universe" (Dark Horse, July 1997)
Too Much Coffee Man's Guide for the Perplexed (Dark Horse, 1998)
Too Much Coffee Man's Parade of Tirade (Dark Horse, 2000)
Too Much Coffee Man's Amusing Musings (Dark Horse, 2001)
How to be Happy (Dark Horse, 2005)
Screw Heaven, When I Die I'm Going to Mars (Dark Horse, 2007)
Too Much Coffee Man Omnibus (Dark Horse, August 2011) — collects all previous Dark Horse collections
Too Much Coffee Man: Cutie Island and Other Stories (BOOM! Studios, March 2012)
In other media
Television
In 1994, Converse shoe company licensed the rights to use Too Much Coffee Man for a 15-second commercial spot, first airing during a Saturday Night Live episode. The character has also been used in advertising for Hewlett-Packard.
Marvel Comics and the cable television network Comedy Central were developing a potential animated series or special with the production company Nelvana in 2000 and 2001. However, the project was abandoned after both Wheeler and Comedy Central agreed that the script lacked quality.
Music
In 2000, jazz musician Bob Dorough recorded a CD entitled Too Much Coffee Man. The character appears on the cover, drawn by Shannon Wheeler, and there is a title track (originally intended to be music for an animated series based on the character) as well as a cover of the Richard Miles composition "The Coffee Song".
Opera
The Too Much Coffee Man Opera appeared on stage for the first time in 2006. Wheeler, fellow cartoonist Damian Willcox, and composer Daniel Steven Crafts adapted the strip into an opera. Too Much Coffee Man Opera debuted at Brunish Hall at the Center for Performing Arts in Portland, Oregon, on September 22, 2006. A sample performance, which preceded the debut, was given at the Opera America convention in Seattle, Washington. Wheeler later teamed with Portland-based comic Carolyn Main to write a second act. This new, extended version, dubbed Too Much Coffee Man: The Refill, debuted again at Brunish Hall in April 2008.
Miscellaneous
Artist Shannon Wheeler drew Too Much Coffee Man for an appearance on Rootless Coffee Co.'s HYPERSPACE coffee line.
References
External links
Happy coffee
"Shannon Wheeler Too Much Coffee Man Omnibus: A caffeinated portrait of the cartoonist as a young man". The Willamette Week. September 14, 2011.
Interviews
Acid Logic: Shannon Wheeler interview (August 12, 2002)
Transcript, interview from NextPlanetOver.com (March 1999)
"An interview with Shannon Wheeler". The Daily Cross Hatch. March 26, 2007.
Dark Horse Comics characters
Eisner Award winners for Best New Series
Parody superheroes
Satirical magazines published in the United States
Satirical comics
Male characters in comics
Male characters in advertising
Mascots introduced in 1991
Comics characters introduced in 1991
Comics adapted into operas
1991 comics debuts
2005 comics endings
Magazine mascots
Works about coffee
Fortunato Natale Perri Jr. is an attorney for the firm of McMonagle, Perri & McHugh, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Perri is notable for being the defense attorney representing hip hop artists Beanie Sigel and Cassidy.
References
Living people
Pennsylvania lawyers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Giannis Pechlivanis (; born 1 May 1988) is a Greek football midfielder who plays for Makedonikos.
Career
Born in Thessaloniki, Pechlivanis began his football career with local side PAOK, but would only make five Greek Superleague appearance for the club. After leaving PAOK, he had a few brief spells with clubs playing in the second and third levels of Greek football.
External links
Profile at epae.org
Guardian's Stats Centre
Profile at Onsports.gr
Profile at myplayer
1988 births
Living people
Greek footballers
PAOK FC players
Panetolikos F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Thessaloniki
Salvia breviconnectivata is an annual or biennial herb that is native to Yunnan province in China, found growing along roadsides at elevation. S. breviconnectivata grows on erect stems to tall. Inflorescences are 2–6 flowered widely spaced verticillasters in terminal racemes that are , with a reddish corolla that is .
Notes
breviconnectivata
Flora of China
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Hungary Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match. Hungary has taken part in the competition since 1924.
Players
See also
Lists of tennis players
List of Hungarians
References
Lists of Davis Cup tennis players
Tennis, Davis Cup
Davis Cup team
The 1991–92 Full Members' Cup, known as the Zenith Data Systems Cup for sponsorship reasons, was the 7th and final staging of a knock-out competition for English football clubs in the First and Second Division. The winners were Nottingham Forest and the runners-up were Southampton.
The competition began on 1 October 1991 and ended with the final on 29 March 1992 at the Wembley Stadium. The competition was then cancelled after seven seasons, when the Premier League arose from the old Football League First Division and reduced the Football League to three divisions.
In the first round, there were two sections: North and South. In the following rounds each section gradually eliminates teams in knock-out fashion until each has a winning finalist. At this point, the two winning finalists face each other in the combined final for the honour of the trophy.
Liverpool, Arsenal, Manchester United, Tottenham and Sunderland opted out of this competition.
First round
Northern Section
Southern Section
Second round
Northern Section
Southern Section
Third round
Northern Section
Southern Section
Area semi-finals
Northern Section
Southern Section
Area finals
Northern Area final
Nottingham Forest beat Leicester City 3–1 on aggregate.
Southern Area final
Southampton beat Chelsea 5–1 on aggregate.
Final
External links
When Saturday Comes - Article on the Full Members' Cup
Full Members' Cup
Full
The Bali–Java Powerline is a planned electric power transmission line in Indonesia. It will be used for the crossing of the Bali Strait between Java and Bali. If built, the towers will be the world's tallest electricity pylons with a height of . As of January 2018, the project is underway with planning for land acquisition. However, as of April 2018, there are also indications that the project may never come to fruition as there is substantial resistance to the project for religious and cultural reasons.
The line on the Java side will begin in at the Paiton power plant, then through Watu Dodol in Banyuwangi Regency, and on to Bali. On the Bali side, it would be in parts of western Buleleng, Jembrana, Tabanan and Badung regencies.
The two towers that will carry the line over the Bali Strait (Selatbali) have planned positions as follows: for the on Java and for the on the Bali side.
References
Buildings and structures in Java
Buildings and structures in East Java
Buildings and structures in Bali
High-voltage transmission lines
Proposed electric power transmission systems
Proposed electric power infrastructure in Indonesia
Mother Seton Regional High School (often referred to as Mother Seton) is an all-girl Catholic high school located in Clark, in Union County, New Jersey, United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1971. The school is staffed by the Sisters of Charity of Convent Station, New Jersey, and lay faculty members. The school occupies a two-level building located on a campus of .
As of the 2017–18 school year, the school had an enrollment of 233 students and 34.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 6.7:1. The school's student body was 42.5% (99) White, 21.5% (50) Asian, 14.2% (33) Black, 12.4% (29) Hispanic and 9.4% (22) two or more races.
History
1963-1970
Mother Seton Regional High School officially opened on September 16, 1963 with only the second floor wing being functional. The first class was 115 female students. On February 1, 1964, the new convent was officially moved into with the 1964 school year consisting of two priests and five sisters serving as faculty for 215 students. For the 1964–65 school year, the faculty was expanded to ten sisters, four priests and four lay teachers for 325 enrolled students. Sister Irene Margaret Vopelak was voted as the first principal, later hosting the first mass of the school in October 1964. Reverend Thomas A. Boland, S.T.D., Archbishop of Newark, laid the cornerstone of the convent in 1965.
The 1965–66 school year was marked by faculty expansion to include 5 priests, 12 sisters, and the addition of lay teachers for the student body of 565 students. Homemaking, Art, Music, Drivers Ed, and business programs were expanded with the first visit to Emmitsburg being hosted that year, a trip to honor Mother Seton, the school's patron. The school saw a brief shutdown during Vatican II with the 1966–67 school year increasing the student body to 775 students. 1969 saw the expansion of the student body to 955 students with a faculty size of 65 teachers. In 1970, Mother Seton Regional High School received accreditation from the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and began their first computer classes.
1975-1984
In 1975, Sister Martin Keane was named the second principal of Mother Seton. This year further saw the canonization of the school's patron saint, Mother Seton. In 1979, the Middle States accreditation was extended for 10 additional years and, in 1981, the New Jersey Department of Education reviewed and updated Mother Seton Regional High School's facilities and curriculum. In 1983, Mother Seton celebrated its 20th anniversary with the play The Sound of Music and a symposium covering the school's previous 20 years. Bishop Dominic Marconi, D.D., Union County Vicar, presided over the anniversary mass. In 1984, the National Honor Society renamed its chapter to Sister Irene Margaret Chapter, in honor of their founding president.
1987-1999
In 1987, Mother Seton Regional High School entered into the Greater Middlesex County Athletic Conference, and saw expansion to their administrative departments. 1988 served as their 25th anniversary, marking the inception of a soccer team and the 25th anniversary mass presided over by Archbishop McCarrick. In 1990, Mother Seton received their third Middle States accreditation, extending it until 2000. The Archdiocese of Newark awarded 10 teachers at Mother Seton with the "Outstanding Educator of the Year" award between 1991 and 2001. The Seton Leadership Team was founded in 1995, a student ambassador program that would receive press coverage from Dana Tyler for their work in aiding in Pope John Paul II's Papal Mass in Giants Stadium. This group further had interactions with President Clinton and his wife. In 1999, a computer lab was built with internet capabilities being implemented into the school. Accreditation was extended an additional 10 years in 1999 and a new track program was implemented.
2002-Present
In 2002, Mother Seton formed a forensics team that later qualified for national competition in Washington, D.C. In 2003, Mother Seton celebrated its 40th anniversary with Archbishop Meyers presiding over the anniversary liturgy. This celebration led to the formation of the Seton Music Ensemble. In 2004, Mother Seton High School was the recipient of the Archdiocesan Sesquicentennial Medal of Honor. In 2005, principal Sister Regina Martin was one of 6 recipients of an award presented by The National Catholic Association's national convention. Assistant Principal Sister Jacquelyn Balasia became the first Sister of Charity to join the New Jersey Coaches Hall of Fame and received the Star Ledger Bowling Coach of the Year, GMC Blue Division Coach of the Year, Home News Tribune's Female Coach of the Year, and State Coach of the Year awards between 2006 and 2008. During the 2007–2008 school year, the fire and lighting systems were renovated and a new elevator and security system was implemented. This year also saw 8 Bloustein Scholars. Further renovations included the improvement of restrooms, improved drainage systems, and repaired parking lots.
In 2018, Mother Seton was placed on lock down after a vehicle chase that resulted in an overturned car and an individual being ejected. Two individuals fled the scene towards the school, resulting in it entering lock down status. The individuals were apprehended without incident. This event led to a series of schools in Central New Jersey updating security measures, including Mother Seton Regional High School. Mother Seton saw increased security measures and updated policies, with further discussion alongside the Archdiocese of Newark on future protocols. That same year, students and faculty participated in a nationwide protest against gun violence, honoring the 17 victims of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland, Florida. Mother Seton students attended a rally involving a video from Cardinal Tobin. After this, students proceeded outside and gathered in prayer around a statue of Saint Elizabeth Anne Seton. This service included the Prayer of Saint Francis of Assisi and reflections on Psalm Prayers. This even was supported and planned by the Archdiocese of Newark.
Academics and Extracurriculars
Academics
Mother Seton Regional High School offers a four-year college preparatory curriculum, and the academic program provides emphasis on math and science. The school also offers honors programs and AP classes. In 2016, the graduating class received 16 million dollars in scholarships and since 2000, graduating classes have maintained an average of 97% of all students going in to higher education.
Athletics
The Mother Seton Regional High School Setters compete in the Greater Middlesex Conference, which operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. With 346 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Non-Public B for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 37 to 366 students in that grade range (equivalent to Group I for public schools).
Sports offered include:
Soccer,
Tennis,
Volleyball ,
Bowling,
Basketball,
Swimming,
Softball,
Track and Field,
Cross Country and
Golf.
The girls bowling team won the Group II state championship in 2007.
Controversy
Priest sexual assault allegations
In 2018, the Catholic Church released the names of 5,800 clergy members in the United States who were accused of sexual abuse. Father Alan Gugliemo, a previous faculty member of Mother Seton Regional High School was named alongside 186 New Jersey priests as being "credibly accused" of child sex abuse. As of 2018, Father Gugliemo has been removed from the ministry and is currently under investigation by the Pennsylvania grand jury.
Notable alumni
Christine Danelson (born 1987), Broadway actress.
Eliana Pintor Marin (born 1980), who represents the 29th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly.
References
External links
School Website
Mother Seton Regional High School, National Center for Education Statistics
1963 establishments in New Jersey
Clark, New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1963
Girls' schools in New Jersey
Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools
Private high schools in Union County, New Jersey
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark
Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
Louis Poirson, nicknamed "Rambo" (born September 1962 in Madagascar), is a French rapist and serial killer.
Biography
Born into a family of four children of which he is the eldest and the only boy, Poirson was the son of a French father and Malagasy mother. He claims to have become the scapegoat of his alcoholic father who beat him regularly, often for no reason, under the watchful eye of a passive mother. He then experienced a ferocious hatred towards them.
He was described by the witnesses who succeeded his lawsuits in laudatory terms: "very motivated and pleasant to attend" pupil, an "exemplary" employee and a "considerate" companion.
In 1980, he obtained a sailing and became a boatman on a pusher of the Rhine. His employer boasted of his "effective and serious" work and "exemplary" behavior.
He was endowed with a Herculean strength, and he dreamt of becoming a para-commando. "I love the army and I wanted to become para-commando, for travel, sport and combat", but because of a fibula fracture, he could not become a paratrooper and he was highly disappointed. In 1982, he did become a conscript.
Crimes
Rape series
Between 1983 and 1984, Poirson committed seven rapes and assaults (sometimes under the threat of a weapon, some of his victims being strangled) in the Strasbourg region. He committed his last rape in a forest, the victim raising the license plate of the car which belonged to Poirson's lover.
In January 1985, he was arrested and incarcerated.
In December 1985, he was tried and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
While serving his sentence in the prisons of Ensisheim and Fleury-Mérogis, he maintained a correspondence with Chantal Vaslet, his future companion. She was a maternal assistant, 14 years older than him and with 6 girls. He was released in July 1994 after 9 years and 6 months of detention. Poirson then became a stonemason in the Paris region.
Kidnapping and murder series
On 30 August 1995, Poirson was drinking a glass on the terrace of a bar. He was enjoying this moment of rest, but the barking of a nearby dog prevented him from doing so, making him angry. He walked through the fields and went to the animal cemetery of Douains to avenge himself for being so bothered. He broke the window of the tool shed, grabbed one and used it to ransack the animals' graves. Jeanine Villain, 67, and her 44-year-old daughter Monique, who lived in Saint-Vincent-des-Bois, came to the grave of their dog "Babette", hearing the sounds and surprising her. Monique threatened to call the gendarmes and stood up to him. Not supporting this, he stunned Jeanine Villain and attacked Monique, putting them in their car, a BX, and taking them to a field in Neuilly. He suggested to Monique that he could release them if they kept quiet, but she refused. He stifled Monique by putting her head in a plastic bag and broke Villain's neck by hitting her with a piece of wood. He went to look for a can of gasoline at La Villeneuve-en-Chevrie at the Molières farm where he worked and returned to burn the bodies of the two women. Then he left with the car to walk in Paris and returned to Mantes-la-Jolie, where he abandoned and burned the car under a railway bridge, where it was later found. He walked home.
The bodies of the two women were found on 2 September 1995 by passers-by. The investigators directed their suspicions on Michel Villain, 47 years old, son and half-brother of the two victims, with whom he has been scrambled for ten years. Misrepresented by his own 24-year-old son, Michel Villain was indicted and would spend three years in custody before being released after the confession of Louis Poirson.
In June 1996, Louis Poirson kidnapped three 15-year-old hitch-hikers in Chaufour-lès-Bonnières and sequestrated them on the farm in La Villeneuve-en-Chevrie, but they escaped. He was arrested, tried in January 1997 and sentenced to three years in prison.
He was released in July 1998.
On 28 July 1998, in Douains, Poirson violated Adeline, a 20-year-old woman.
Lucie Pham-Ngoc-Bich, 73 years old, resides at the retirement home A.R.E.P.A on Frédéric Chopin street, at Val Fourré in Mantes-la-Jolie, she was "disconcerting of naivety" and under tutelage. On 28 April 1999, she went out for a walk in the street, as she did every day. Poirson, driving his wife's car, passed by her and offered to take her away, and she got on board. Soon after, she asked him to stop because she wanted to urinate. As soon as he could, he stopped the car on a rest area, got out of the car and brought her out. He then found that she had relieved herself on her passenger seat. Furious, he pushed her violently, she fell and was stunned. He put her back in the car and took her to La Villeneuve-en-Chevrie on the farm where he worked. They quarreled again and he strangled her, then carried the body behind the farm to the edge of the field in Chaufour-lès-Bonnières and buried it.
On 5 September 1999, Charlotte Berson, 79, a widow, went for a walk in the countryside near her home in Pacy-sur-Eure, as she did every day. Poirson, driving his wife's car, passed by her, stopping, and blocking her passage. He offered to take her by car. She categorically refuses and knocked on the hood of the car to clear the passage. He feared that she had damaged the car by striking on it, became furious and pushed Berson violently, who fell on a stone and was knocked unconscious. He put her in the car and took her to La Villeneuve-en-Chevrie where he strangled her. He then put her back in the car and hid the naked body in a thicket at Chaussy. He poured hydrochloric acid on her face and hands in the hope of preventing her from being identified. Berson's family reported her disappearance. On 3 October 1999, two hunters discovered the corpse. She was still wearing her watch on her wrist. She was identified by the serial number on the pin in the left wrist. The family recognized her watch. Investigators believed she was sequestered about two weeks before her body was abandoned, as the acid delayed the appearance of the burying beetles. The study of the bolus during the autopsy concluded that Berson was killed the day of her disappearance, and contradicted the observations of the entomological analysis.
The morning of 3 May 2000, Clémence, 38, took the train from Paris to return home to Vernon. She caught the wrong train and was forced to go down to Mantes-la-Jolie. She was upset because she had an appointment at the school where her son was attending. She went to a bus stop, to take a bus to Vernon. Poirson, driving his car, passed by and offered to take her there. But before that, he had to go to his place of work to drop the boxes that are in the trunk of the car. Arriving at the farm in La Villeneuve-en-Chevrie, he got out of the car, opened the trunk, then opened the passenger door and threatened Clémence with a knife. He forced her to get out of the car, screaming. He tied her hands behind her back and dragged her into one of the farm buildings under construction. During the fight, Clémence's watch fell at the foot of the stairs. He showed her to a small room on the first floor where there was only one old mattress on the floor. He gagged her, tied her tightly and left her here. He went down to work in his studio. His boss arrived, and was surprised to find the woman's watch. She went down and found Clémence. She confronted Poirson and asked him what was going on. He answered that he knew that there was a woman being held on the first floor, that he was the one who took her away and that he w9uld take her home. Panicked, he untied Clémence and told him to take her home by car. The boss called him while Poirson was driving. She told him that she had warned the gendarmerie by phone. She ordered him to go after dropping Clémence at home. Arriving in Vernon, he apologized to Clémence, then he returned to Bonnieres-sur-Seine to surrender to the gendarmerie. He was indicted for kidnapping and forcible confinement. He was arrested and incarcerated in Bois d'Arcy.
During interrogations in custody, Poirson was very calm, and very respectful to the investigators. He recognized the facts only if the investigators submitted irrefutable evidence against him. They understood that he wanted at all costs to prevent his wife from being involved. They told him that since he had used Chantal's car several times, they could also put her in custody, so he confessed immediately. He claimed to have killed Charlotte Berson because she looked like his mother. With regard to the animal cemetery, he declared: "such a tralala for a dead dog" and that "the stone is expensive". During the search of his home the investigators discovered jewelry of women that were not his wife's. He declared to have found them. Charlotte Berson's family did not recognize the jewelry. Françoise Maricourt, social counselor, recognized Lucie Pham-Ngoc-Bich's bracelet.
The journalist Michèle Fines, reporting on a gendarmerie investigation, filmed Poirson's custody and interviewed him afterwards.
A picture of a naked woman in the woods, looking terrified, was found in the personal effects of Poirson. The investigators, convinced that this is another victim, questioned him about it. He declared that he has never seen this woman and that it is a picture that he had simply found.
List of known victims
Trial and conviction
On 23 September 2002, the trial of Louis Poirson began at the cour d'assises of Eure in Évreux for the double murder of Jeanine and Monique Villain.
Aude Le Guilcher was the general counsel. Vincent Picard was the lawyer of Michel Villain. The defense of Louis Poirson was provided by Guylène Grimaud.
On 24 September 2002, Louis Poirson was sentenced to life imprisonment.
On 2 February 2005, the trial of Louis Poirson began at the cour d'assises in Yvelines, Versailles for the murders of Lucie Pham-Ngoc-Bich and Charlotte Berson and for the rapes of Adeline and Clémence.
Marie-Thérèse de Givry was the general counsel. Emmanuel Daoud was the lawyer of the Berson family. The defense of Louis Poirson was provided by Sophie Gourmelon.
In February 2005, Louis Poirson was sentenced to life imprisonment, with a 22-year sentence of security.
Press articles
"The murderer admits a year later" Article published on 20 September 2000 in Le Parisien.
"The three free killings of the stonemason" Article by Stéphane Albouy published on 15 December 2000 in Le Parisien.
352097 "A serial killer confesses" Article published on 24 January 2001 in Libération.
"Diving into the terrible past of the serial killer" Article Stéphane Albouy published 30 May 2002 in Le Parisien.
"The surrealist explanations of the stonemason" Article by Frédéric Vézard published on 24 September 2002 in Le Parisien.
416360 "Pebble Breaker and Breaker of Lives" Article by Patricia Tourancheau published on 24 September 2002 in Libération.
TV documentaries
"Louis Poirson, the stonemason" in September 2007 and September 2008, presented by Christophe Hondelatte in Get the Accused on France 2.
"The Poirson Affair, Confessions of a Killer" 29 in Criminal Investigations: The W9 News Magazine.
"Louis Poirson, the murderer of old ladies" 28 November 2012, 11 and 21 January, 10, 15 and 23 October 1, 8 and 9 November 2013 and 26 June 2015 in Stéphane Bourgoin tells about Planète + Justice.
Radio shows
"The case Louis Poirson, the stonemason" 22 October 2013 in L'Heure du crime of Jacques Pradel on RTL.
"Louis Poirson, the stonemason" 9 September 2016 presented by Christophe Hondelatte on Europe 1.
See also
List of serial killers by country
Kidnapping
References
External links
Biography of Louis Poirson on the site of the bookshop "Third Eye".
Farm where Louis Poirson worked
French rapists
French serial killers
Male serial killers
Murder in France
French people of Malagasy descent
Nicole Stock is an American-born women's ice hockey player. Having played NCAA hockey with the Brown Bears, she is currently a goaltender with the NWHL's Connecticut Whale. Of note, she was selected to play in the 2017 All-Star Game.
Playing career
Raised in Buffalo Grove, Illinois, Stock played at the prep school level with Choate Rosemary Hall, contributing towards the program capturing several New England Prep School Championships. In 2004, Stock would capture a national championship with the Connecticut Polar Bears.
During the 2007–08 season, Stock set a new Brown Bears women's ice hockey record for most saves in a season with 1,004, surpassing the old record set by former Patty Kazmaier Award winner Ali Brewer. She also set records for most saves in one game with 66 and in a period (27), achieving the feat in the game against the Mercyhurst Lakers on January 19, 2008. Stock averaged 34.3 saves per 60 minutes of play, which ranked third in the NCAA. In addition, she ranked second overall in the Ivy League with a .924 save percentage.
Awards and honors
All-Ivy League honors
All-ECAC honors
NWHL
Participant, 2nd NWHL All-Star Game
References
Living people
American women's ice hockey goaltenders
1986 births
Brown Bears women's ice hockey players
Boston Blades players
Connecticut Whale (PHF) players
Shobudani Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 1.6 km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 264 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1920 and completed in 1924.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1924 establishments in Japan
Slander is the fourth studio album by deathcore band Dr. Acula, released on February 15, 2011.
Background
On January 7, 2011, the first single online "Cocaine Avalanche" was released for streaming. On January 13, 2011, Victory Records released an album trailer on YouTube which displayed the album's official artwork. On February 9, 2011, a music video was made and released for the song "Who You Gonna Call!?". On January 24, 2012, Dr. Acula premiered their new music video for “Party 2.0” online. "Party 2.0" samples Pee-wee Herman's voice and laughter, and "Welcome to Camp Nightmare" contains a soundclip from the film Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives.
Track listing
Personnel
Dr. Acula
Tyler Guida – vocals
Casey Carrano – vocals
Joey Simpson – samples, keyboards
Bill Graffeo – guitar
Ricky Ostolaza – guitar
Kevin Graffeo – bass
Jesse Ciappa – drums
Production
Jeremy Comitas - vocals editing, producer, engineer, mixing, mastering
Sierra Shardae - vocals editing
Matt Corrado - illustrations
Doublej Art Direction - design
Jayson DeZuzio - editing, mastering, mixing assistant
References
2011 albums
Dr. Acula (band) albums
Victory Records albums
Rufina is a rural barrio in the municipality of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 220. Rufina was established in 1935 and was made up of parts of Guayanilla barrio-pueblo and Indios barrio in Guayanilla.
Features and demographics
Rufina has of land area and of water area. In 2010, its population was 220 with a population density of .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico
Johnny Robinson may refer to:
Johnny Robinson (defensive tackle) (born 1959), former defensive tackle for the Oakland Raiders
Johnny Robinson (footballer) (1936–2019), English footballer
Johnny Leartice Robinson (1952–2004), convicted murderer
Johnny Robinson (safety) (born 1938), former safety for the Kansas City Chiefs
Johnny Robinson (singer), British singer and contestant on The X Factor in 2011
The shooting of Johnny Robinson, a sixteen-year-old black youth that was shot to death in 1963
See also
John Robinson (disambiguation)
Župski Razboj () is a village in the municipality of Srbac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Villages in Republika Srpska
Black Science is a creator-owned science fiction American comic book series by Rick Remender and Italian artist Matteo Scalera. Image Comics released the first issue in November 2013. The story follows Grant McKay, an ex-member of the Anarchist Order of Scientists, and his team and family as they are thrown through dimensions as they try to repair his dimensional device, "the Pillar", created by forbidden, unethical means – the eponymous "Black Science". Via the Pillar, McKay and his fellow "Dimensionauts" were able to leap between worlds to find technological and medical advances for their own, but a member of Grant's team sabotages the pillar, causing it to jump to random locations at random times in increasingly lethal and hostile dimensions, forcing the team to try to return to their own dimension before they are killed by numerous hazards, ranging from parasitic fungi, nihilistic dimensional conquerors, and alternate versions of themselves.
The first several issues of Black Science sold out of first printings at the distributor level, and Image announced that certain issues would be reprinted.
Synopsis
Grant McKay, former member of The Anarchistic Order of Scientists, has finally done the impossible: He has deciphered Black Science and punched through the barriers of reality. Grant theorizes that each alternate reality of what he calls the "Eververse" is like an onion. Pierce into each and you discover a new dimension, one based an infinite variety of choices made by everyone everywhere. What lies at the center is perhaps the primal universe that started it all. What lies beyond the veil is not epiphany, however, but chaos. Now Grant and his team are lost; living ghosts shipwrecked on an infinite ocean of alien worlds, barreling through the long-forgotten, ancient, and unimaginable dark realms.
Characters
Chandra – Second in command to Kadir.
Grant McKay – Member of the Anarchist League of Scientists, father of Nathan and Pia McKay.
Kadir – Bankrolled the Pillar project, often at odds with head scientist Grant McKay.
Nathan McKay – Grant McKay's son, stranded with him in another dimension after the sabotage of the Pillar.
Pia McKay – Grant McKay's daughter, stranded with him in another dimension after the sabotage of the Pillar.
Rebecca – Scientist who worked on The Pillar and began an affair with Grant McKay.
Sara McKay – Grant McKay's wife.
Shawn – Junior scientist on the Pillar project for the Anarchistic Order of Scientists.
Ward – Ex-military, now security officer for the Anarchistic Order of Scientists and Grant McKay.
The Shaman – A medicine man from a dimension where Germany and highly technically advanced Native Americans are at war, who is abducted by, then later joins the Dimensionauts.
Collected editions
References
External links
Black Science at Image Comics
Black Science at Comic Vine
Image Comics titles
2013 comics debuts
Comics by Rick Remender
Comics publications
Linda Lovett is an Australian lawyer and was the first Indigenous woman to become a member of the Bar in Victoria (11 May 2006). She is a part of the Bunurong tribe of Victoria and the Pyemmairrener tribe of Tasmania.
Biography
For much of Lovett's childhood, her family lived in the family car, travelling from place to place around Victoria to avoid government authorities who, her parents feared, might separate the children from their parents as part of the Stolen Generations.
Lovett completed her legal studies while raising three children as a single mother. In her final years of study, she worked for the Department of Justice. In 2002, Lovett helped to establish the Indigenous Law Students and Lawyers Association. The organisation was later renamed Tarwirri and used as a model for a nationwide organisation.
She became a member of the Bar in Victoria in 2006, the first Indigenous woman and the second Indigenous person to do so. She took a position as a criminal lawyer with Victoria Legal Aid, and worked in the Magistrates' and Children's courts at Werribee, Sunshine, Bacchus Marsh, Preston and Heidelberg. She also worked with clients of the Mental Health Review Board.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indigenous Australian people
Australian barristers
Immer (German for Always) is a mix album by German electronic music artist Michael Mayer. It was released on 26 February 2002 on the Kompakt record label based in Cologne.
Reception
Online music magazine Pitchfork placed Immer at number 116 on its list of the top 200 albums of the 2000s.
In 2010, Resident Advisor placed Immer at number 1 on its list of top 50 mix CDs of the 2000s. In 2012, Rolling Stone ranked it at number 18 on its list of the 30 greatest EDM albums of all time.
Track listing
Notes
Michael Mayer (musician) albums
2002 compilation albums
Kompakt compilation albums
Dame Susan Ruth Street, DCB (née Galeski; born 11 August 1949) was the Permanent Secretary for the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) from 2001 to 2006. She was responsible for the overall strategy, delivery and expenditure for the whole department. This included major projects like the winning bid for the London 2012 Olympic Games and the renewal of the BBC Charter.
From 2007 to 2012, Street was a Strategic Adviser to Deloitte and a member of its public sector council. Prior to that she held posts in the areas of security and Criminal Justice policy serving as a Director General in the Home Office in 1999 and leading a study of the Youth Justice Board which reported in early 2010. She has held a number of pro-bono roles including the Whitehall and Industry Group, a Senior Management Consultant at PricewaterhouseCoopers, board member of the National School of Government and a governor of South Hampstead High School. Sue served on the main board of HMRC from 2008 to 2010.
She served as non-executive director of the Ministry of Justice, trustee of the Royal Opera House, Governor of the Royal Ballet, BUPA associate and associate fellow of the Institute for Government. In 2014, she was appointed non-executive director of Adlens, developer and manufacturer of variable focus eyewear. She is currently chair of the board of Rambert.
Personal life
Sue Street is married with two adult children.
She was appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the Bath (DCB) in the 2005 Birthday Honours.
References
External links
Windsor Leadership Trust website
1949 births
Living people
Civil servants in the Home Office
Civil servants in the Cabinet Office
Civil servants in the Serious Fraud Office (United Kingdom)
Dames Commander of the Order of the Bath
Permanent Under-Secretaries of State for Culture, Media and Sport
Place of birth missing (living people)
Mesgarabad (, also Romanized as Mesgarābād; also known as Miskarābād) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,435, in 834 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Ítalo/Ytalo Perea Castillo (born June 10, 1993 in Esmeraldas ) is an Ecuadorian boxer who sensationally won the Panamerican Games 2011 Super Heavyweight title at the age of 18.
He is a lefthander but fights from an orthodox stance behind a tight guard.
In 2009 he controversially lost the 81 kg final of the World Junior (f. Cadet) Championships in Armenia to Uzbek Kharzanov.
In 2010 he won the 81 kg PanAm Junior title.
In 2011 he moved up two classes to Super Heavy where he benefitted from the absence of Cuban top favorite Erislandy Savon and won the senior PanAm title by KOing Gerardo Bisbal and outpointing Juan Hiracheta.
In 2012 he KOd Simon Kean (CAN) and beat Dominic Breazeale to qualify for the Olympics
In London he ran right into defending champion Roberto Cammarelle and lost 10:18.
References
1993 births
Living people
Heavyweight boxers
Boxers at the 2011 Pan American Games
Boxers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Ecuador
Ecuadorian male boxers
Pan American Games gold medalists for Ecuador
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
20th-century Ecuadorian people
21st-century Ecuadorian people
The Grand National Alliance (, GANA) was a right-wing conservative political party in Guatemala. The acronym "GANA" also spells out the word gana, from the verb ganar, "to win".
Formation and 2003 election
GANA was created as an electoral alliance to fight the 2003 general election. In that election, held on 9 November 2003, the Grand National Alliance, won 24.3% of the vote, and 47 out of 158 seats in Congress. The presidential candidate of the alliance, Óscar Berger Perdomo, won 34.3% at the presidential elections of the same day. He won 54.1% at the second round on 28 December 2003 and was elected president.
The alliance was made up of the following parties:
Patriotic Party (Partido Patriota) (PP)
Reform Movement (Movimiento Reformador) (MR)
National Solidarity Party (Partido Solidaridad Nacional) (PSN)
Evolution and 2007 election
The Patriotic Party broke with the alliance in the early months of Óscar Berger's administration. In November 2005, the National Solidarity Party ceded its electoral registration to GANA, with which the Grand National Alliance ceased to be an alliance and became a political party. In August 2006, the Reform Movement withdrew its support from GANA.
GANA's candidate in the 2007 presidential election was former director of the national prison service Alejandro Giammattei. He came in third place in the election, with 17% of the vote. Despite the splits in the party, it did relatively well in the congressional elections, receiving 37 seats and becoming the second largest party in Congress.
In 2017 the party was renamed Crecer (Grow) and its colours were changed to yellow and green. It was dissolved in September 2018.
Election results
Congress of the Republic
President of the Republic of Guatemala
Notes
References
External links
GANA web site
2002 establishments in Guatemala
2018 disestablishments in Guatemala
Conservative parties in Guatemala
Defunct political parties in Guatemala
Political parties disestablished in 2018
Political parties established in 2005
Sue Channel Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
External links
North Coast of British Columbia
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 2004
2004 establishments in British Columbia
Kuşbaba is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Edgar County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 16,866. Its county seat is Paris.
History
Edgar County was formed out of Clark County in 1823. It was named for John Edgar, an Irish-born officer in the Royal Navy who resigned rather than fight against the Americans in the Revolutionary War. Edgar moved to Kaskaskia, Illinois, in 1784, becoming a miller and merchant in that town.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
There is one recreational area in the county, on the north edge of Paris. Twin Lakes Park and Reservoir began in 1895 upon completion of the dam compounding the Twin Lakes Reservoir.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Paris have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1930 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Adjacent counties
Vermilion County – north
Vermillion County, Indiana – northeast
Vigo County, Indiana – southeast
Clark County – south
Coles County – southwest
Douglas County – west
Champaign County – northwest
Transportation
Major highways
US Route 36
US Route 150
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 16
Illinois Route 49
Illinois Route 133
Rail
Three railroad lines run through the county. Two are operated by CSX Transportation and the third by the Eastern Illinois Railroad Company.
Airport
The county contains one public-use airport: Edgar County Airport (PRG), six miles (10 km) north of Paris.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 18,576 people, 7,839 households, and 5,148 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 8,803 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.3% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.6% were German, 15.3% were Irish, 13.0% were English, and 12.3% were American.
Of the 7,839 households, 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.3% were non-families, and 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.84. The median age was 43.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,904 and the median income for a family was $51,588. Males had a median income of $38,945 versus $29,951 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,175. About 9.7% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.2% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Chrisman
Paris (seat)
Villages
Brocton
Hume
Kansas
Metcalf
Redmon
Vermilion
Unincorporated communities
Borton
Edgar
Isabel
Logan
Nevins
Oliver
Patton
Raven
Scottland
Woodyard
Former communities
Bell Ridge
Bloomfield
Catfish
Cherry Point
Clays Prairie
Conlogue
Dudley
Ferrel
Garland
Grandview
Harris
Hildreth
Horace
Huffmanville
Hughes
Illiana
Kentucky
Kidley
Logan
Mabel
Marley
Mays
McCown
Melwood
Mortimer
New Athens
Palermo
Quaker
Scotts
Warrington
West Sandford
Wetzel
Townships
Brouilletts Creek
Buck
Edgar
Elbridge
Embarrass
Grandview
Hunter
Kansas
Paris
Prairie
Ross
Shiloh
Stratton
Symmes
Young America
Notable people
Basil Bennett, Bronze Medalist in the Hammer Throw at the 1920 Olympics
Offa Neal, professional baseball player with the New York Giants
Edward Adelbert Doisy, biochemist and Nobel Prize winner
Frank Fletcher (baseball), professional baseball player with the Philadelphia Phillies
Politics
A swing county in the first eight decades after the Civil War, Edgar County has since become powerfully Republican. It has been carried by only two Democrats since 1940 – Lyndon Johnson in 1964 by just 139 votes, and Bill Clinton in 1992 by a 41.1 percent plurality. Hillary Clinton's 22.7 percent vote share in 2016 was by 9.3 percent the worst ever by a Democrat in the county.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Edgar County, Illinois
References
US Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
US Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
US National Atlas
External links
Edgar County Fact Sheet, Illinois State Archives
Edgar County, Illinois History and Genealogy
Illinois counties
1823 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1823
Franciscus Liberati (1615–1703) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Titular Archbishop of Ephesus (1688–1703).
Biography
Franciscus Liberati was born in 1615.
On 24 February 1688, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XI as Titular Archbishop of Ephesus.
On 25 April 1688, he was consecrated bishop by Gasparo Carpegna, Cardinal-Priest of San Silvestro in Capite, with Odoardo Cibo, Titular Archbishop of Seleucia in Isauria, and
Ercole Visconti, Titular Archbishop of Ephesus, serving as co-consecrators.
He remained as Titular Archbishop of Tamiathis until his death on 18 April 1703.
While bishop, he was the principal co-consecrator of Petrus Draghi Bartoli, Titular Patriarch of Alexandria (1690).
References
17th-century Roman Catholic titular archbishops
18th-century Roman Catholic titular archbishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XI
1615 births
1703 deaths
Gennady Vladimirović Morozov (Russian: Геннадий Владимирович Морозов; born 30 December 1962) is a Russian football coach and a former player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1989.
International career
Morozov made his debut for USSR on 7 August 1985 in a friendly against Romania. He played at the 1986 FIFA World Cup in a game against Canada.
External links
Profile
1962 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
1986 FIFA World Cup players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Soviet Top League players
Russian football managers
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Russian expatriate football managers
Association football defenders
FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne managers
Nicholas Walter Lyell, Baron Lyell of Markyate, PC, QC (6 December 1938 – 30 August 2010) was an English Conservative politician, known for much of his active political career as Sir Nicholas Lyell.
Early life
Born in London, he was the son of High Court judge Sir Maurice Lyell, and sculptor/designer Veronica Luard, the daughter of Lowes Luard, a contemporary of Augustus John and Walter Sickert. His mother died when he was 11, leaving Lyell and his sister Prue to continue their mother's work to preserve the work of their grandfather.
Educated at Wellesley House School in the coastal town of Broadstairs in Kent and at Stowe School, he was his father's best man when he married the also widowed Kitty, Lady Farrar, younger daughter of Walter Runciman, 1st Viscount Runciman of Doxford. Lyell read modern history at Christ Church, Oxford, where he joined the Bullingdon club, and after National Service with the Royal Artillery trained as a lawyer.
Legal career
Lyell trained with the firm associated with his stepmother's family, Walter Runciman and Co, and was called to the bar at Inner Temple in 1965. He served his pupillage with Gordon Slynn, and after being part of the team that debated a case over the world's first onion-peeling machine, specialised in commercial and public law.
Political career
After unsuccessfully contesting Lambeth Central in October 1974, Lyell was elected Member of Parliament for Hemel Hempstead winning the seat from Labour in 1979, then Mid Bedfordshire from 1983, and moved to North East Bedfordshire at the 1997 election, having been defeated for the nomination by former Bristol MP Jonathan Sayeed in the Mid Bedfordshire constituency.
Lyell was one of very few lawyers to have combined a successful career in Parliament and a major private practice. He was also the longest continuously serving law officer for more than 100 years. After 20 years at the Bar he was appointed Solicitor-General from 1987 to 1992 under Margaret Thatcher, during which time he appeared in the Factortame case, and Attorney General for England and Wales and Northern Ireland under John Major from 1992 to 1997. He was knighted in 1987. He stood down as an MP at the 2001 election.
Commenting on Lyell's retirement as an MP, Conservative Party chairman Michael Ancram said:
Matrix Churchill affair
Lyell was at the centre of the Matrix Churchill affair, the controversy to sell arms to Saddam Hussein's Iraq. In 1996, the Scott Report directly criticised Lyell as Attorney General for trying to obtain a "gagging order" to prevent the disclosure of secret documents concerning machine tool and material supply to Baghdad. Prime Minister John Major chose to stand by Lyell.
Peerage
On 13 May 2005, it was announced that he would be created a life peer, and on 27 June 2005 he was created Baron Lyell of Markyate, of Markyate in the County of Hertfordshire.
Other interests
Lyell was a former chairman of the board of Governors of Stowe School, standing down from the role at the end of the 2006–7 academic year. Always interested in the countryside and culture, he was from 2005 Chairman of the Federation of British Artists at the Mall Galleries in London.
Lyell was an underwriting 'Name' at the Lloyd's of London insurance market. He joined in 1974 but suffered enormous losses in the bad years 1989 – 1992 as a result of the Piper Alpha oil rig disaster in 1988 and the tsunami of claims from asbestos-related Mesothelioma personal injury. His losses have variously been estimated to be between £622,591 and £2,000,000; he underwrote on numerous syndicates.
Personal life
Married to Susanna, the couple had two sons and two daughters. Lyell died in the Hospice of St Francis in Berkhamsted, Herts after a 12-year battle with cancer on 30 August 2010.
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1938 births
2010 deaths
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Attorneys General for England and Wales
Attorneys General for Northern Ireland
English Queen's Counsel
Deaths from cancer in England
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Lawyers from London
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Northern Ireland Government ministers
People educated at Stowe School
Politicians from London
Politics of Dacorum
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Solicitors General for England and Wales
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
People from Markyate
20th-century English lawyers
Knights Bachelor
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1978–79 season.
Overview
Al Hala won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
"Homestead" is the 169th episode of Star Trek: Voyager and the 23rd episode of the seventh season. One of the final episodes of the series, it marks the departure of Neelix from the crew of the Starship Voyager.
The episode was directed by LeVar Burton and aired 9 May 2001 on UPN.
Director
This episode was directed by LeVar Burton, who directed several other episodes in this television series. Burton played Geordi La Forge, first appearing in the series Star Trek: The Next Generation and reprising that role in the episode "Timeless", which he also directed. Overall Burton would direct 8 episodes of this series.
Plot
Voyager is holding a party to celebrate "First Contact Day", the day Earth was first openly contacted by an alien civilization (the Vulcans). Included in the celebration is an ancient jukebox playing the favorite music of warp drive pioneer Zefram Cochrane along with his favorite food (cheese pierogi). It has been 315 years since then, thus making this day April 5, 2378.
During the party, the crew of Voyager is surprised to detect a Talaxian settlement hidden within an asteroid belt which is thousands of light-years away from the nearest Talaxian territory.
A curious Neelix travels toward the Talaxians' asteroid along with Paris and Tuvok aboard the Delta Flyer, but they are shot down and crash before they can make contact. A company of miners claims the asteroid belt, and they are hostile toward any intruders into their territory.
The Talaxians rescue the Voyager crew and Dexa, a widowed mother, takes a liking to Neelix. The feeling becomes mutual as the two get to know each other. He learns that Dexa's people emigrated to the asteroid and constructed a small city by dismantling the very spacecraft that brought them there. The miners have been pressuring the Talaxians to leave the asteroid which they would like to take for its minerals.
Having been repeatedly driven from one planet to another, the Talaxians would prefer to stay and make the asteroid their permanent home but have no way to defend themselves against the miners' cooperative and no means for leaving if they wanted to. Neelix asks Tuvok to help the Talaxians but Tuvok declines because of the Federations' Prime Directive on noninterference; however, Tubok remarks that Neelix could help the Talaxins himself as he is the most resourceful person Tuvok knows of. Neelix being the resourceful person he is, begins to devise a plan for the colony to defend themselves. Using the miners' existing shield technology, they plan to erect a defensive shield around the asteroid. They must act quickly as not to arouse suspicion. Neelix coordinates the shield placements by using his old shuttle which Voyager has had docked away. Neelix deflects bomb attacks from the miners, loses weapon control and attempts to ram the last mine. The Delta Flyer springs to aid Neelix and helps destroy the bomb. Together they fend off the miners' attacks.
After the miners retreat, Neelix returns to Voyager. He is distressed that he must leave Dexa and her son, Brax, and his fellow Talaxians on the asteroid. After a bit of soul-searching, he decides that Voyager will be all right without him, and he joins the Talaxians on the asteroid. Voyager continues toward home, and Captain Janeway bestows on Neelix the title of Official Starfleet Ambassador to the Delta Quadrant.
The crew surprise Neelix with an honor ceremony to mark his departure. The crew lines up in the corridors from the turbo lift to the shuttle bay. Tuvok surprises Neelix by doing a small dance step, something the Talaxian had unsuccessfully tried to convince him to do earlier. Neelix, touched by the final gesture, leaves Voyager.
Reception
In 2015, SyFy ranked the departure of Neelix in this episode as one of the top ten best moments of Star:Trek Voyager. They note how this marked the "beginning of the end" of the show's run.
References
External links
Star Trek: Voyager (season 7) episodes
2001 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by LeVar Burton
Oreohelix subrudis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oreohelicidae.
References
Oreohelicidae
Gastropods described in 1854
Ernest Roscoe Dickerson (born June 25, 1951) is an American director, cinematographer, and screenwriter of film, television, and music videos.
As a cinematographer, he is known for his frequent collaborations with Spike Lee ever since they were classmates at the Tisch School of the Arts and worked together on Lee's 1983 master's degree thesis student film, Joe's Bed-Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads, which ultimately won a Student Academy Award. As a director, he is known for action and horror films such as Juice, Demon Knight, Bulletproof, Bones and Never Die Alone. He has also directed several episodes of acclaimed television series, including Once Upon a Time, The Wire, Dexter, The Walking Dead, and Godfather of Harlem.
Early life
Dickerson was born in Newark, New Jersey. He studied architecture at Howard University, but also took a film class with Haile Gerima as he already was interested in movies. He later relocated to New York City to attend New York University's film program at the Tisch School of the Arts, where he met fellow student Spike Lee. His first feature film as director of photography was also Lee's first film, Joe's Bed-Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads (1983), filmed while both of them were still students. Lee kept Dickerson in mind and he returned to work on a few more films as Spike Lee's cinematographer.
Career
After graduating, Dickerson began his career as cinematographer on music videos for Bruce Springsteen, Anita Baker, and Miles Davis, and went on to film John Sayles' Brother from Another Planet (1984), his first professional film as a director of photography.
While working on the first two seasons of George Romero's television series Tales from the Darkside, Dickerson was a cameraman on John Jopson's concert film One Night with Blue Note (1985) and was later contacted by Spike Lee, who had found the budget to shoot his movie She's Gotta Have It (1986). Dickerson continued his collaboration with Lee on five more films, including Do the Right Thing (1989). Their last collaboration was on Malcolm X in 1992, the same year Dickerson made his directing debut with the crime drama Juice. He also worked as a 2nd unit director on Lee's Miracle at St Anna (2008).
For television, Dickerson has directed several episodes of acclaimed shows such as Once Upon a Time, Dexter, The Walking Dead and Treme. A long time horror movie fan, he has also worked with Mick Garris on both Masters of Horror and Fear Itself and directed Demon Knight and Bones (2001).
Dickerson has always wanted to make films, and being a director himself has always been a dream of his. In an interview with The New York Times, he says: "I love to shoot, but directing is all about telling stories," he says. "And there are so many stories out there I want to tell."
The Wire
Dickerson joined the crew of the HBO drama The Wire as a director for the series' second season in 2003. He directed the episode "Bad Dreams". Reviewers drew comparisons between Spike Lee's films and The Wire even before Dickerson joined the crew. "Bad Dreams" was submitted to the American Film Institute for consideration in their TV programs of the year award and the show subsequently won the award. Following this success Dickerson returned as a director for the third season in 2004. He directed the episode "Hamsterdam" and the season finale "Mission Accomplished". In 2006 he contributed a further two episodes to the show's fourth season: "Misgivings" and the season finale "Final Grades". The fourth season received a second AFI Award and Dickerson attended the ceremony to collect the award. Showrunner David Simon has said that Dickerson is the show's directorial work horse and that he knows the show as well as the producers; Simon has praised Dickerson's directing saying that he "delivers each time".
Dickerson returned as a director for the series' fifth and final season in 2008 and helmed the episode "Unconfirmed Reports".
Later work
He would later work with David Simon again, directing several episodes of the New-Orleans based drama Treme, including the season 2 finale "Do Watcha Wanna", which won Dickerson a NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Directing in a Dramatic Series.
Dickerson also worked with Executive Producer and writer Eric Overmyer on both The Wire and Treme. Dickerson directed the episode "Fugazi" for Overmyer's series Bosch in 2014.
Filmography
Television
Director
Cinematographer
Film
Director
Cinematographer
References
External links
Ernest Dickerson interview about Mo' Better Blues.
1951 births
Living people
African-American film directors
African-American television directors
American cinematographers
American film directors
American television directors
Horror film directors
Howard University alumni
Artists from Newark, New Jersey
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
African-American cinematographers
Thomas Michael Yurkovich (born September 29, 1935) is a former American ice hockey goaltender and Olympian.
Yurkovich played with Team USA at the 1964 Winter Olympics held in Innsbruck, Austria. He played for the University of North Dakota and for the Rochester Mustangs of the United States Hockey League.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1935 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
American men's ice hockey goaltenders
Atelothrus debilis is a species of beetle first discovered in 1917. No sub-species are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
References
Carabidae
Beetles described in 1917
The 2010 Cambodian League season is the 26th season of top-tier football in Cambodia. A total of ten teams are competing in the league, with Nagacorp the defending champions. The season started in March.
Teams
Post Tel Club and Phuchung Neak were relegated to the second level of Cambodian football, Division 1A after ending the 2009 season in the bottom two places. Promoted from the second level were Chhma Khmao and Prek Pra Keila.
Spark FC were renamed to Wat Phnom.
Stadium and locations
League table
Playoffs
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Champions qualify to 2011 AFC President's Cup.
Top scorers
References
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
1
Cristian Moreni (born 21 November 1972 in Asola) is an Italian former road racing cyclist who rode for Cofidis, le Crédit par Téléphone in the UCI ProTour.
Doping
Moreni tested positive for testosterone at the end of the 11th stage of the 2007 Tour de France, on 25 July 2007 (stage 16). He was arrested after stage 16 by French gendarmes. He pleaded guilty, and did not request that a second sample be tested. Subsequently, to his arrest, Cofidis withdrew from the Tour. Moreni was suspended for two years following the scandal.
In 2009, when his suspension ended, Moreni became the first cyclist to pay a fine of one year's salary to the UCI. Moreni wanted to return as a professional cyclist.
Tour de France participations
2002 - 66th overall
2006 - 44th overall; 8th points; 2nd, Stage 18
2007 - Disqualified, use of Testosterone
Major results
1999
Stage win, Vuelta a España
2000
Stage win, Giro d'Italia
2003
Regio-Tour International, stage 1
Giro del Veneto
2004
Italian National Road Race Championship
Route du Sud, stage 1
46th, Summer Olympics Men's Road Race
2005
Tour de l'Ain, stage 1
7th, GP Ouest-France
See also
List of doping cases in cycling
List of sportspeople sanctioned for doping offences
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Cyclists from the Province of Mantua
Italian male cyclists
Italian Vuelta a España stage winners
Italian Giro d'Italia stage winners
Italian sportspeople in doping cases
Cyclists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Italy
Doping cases in cycling
People from Asola, Lombardy
John Eyton (c. 1591 – March 1661) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1614.
Eyton was the eldest son of John Eyton of Leeswood, Mold, Flintshire. He possibly matriculated from Hart Hall, Oxford on 12 November 1607 and entered Lincoln's Inn in 1609. He succeeded his father in 1613.
In 1614, he was elected Member of Parliament for Flint. He was a Justice of the Peace for Flintshire from 1618 to c.1646 and was appointed High Sheriff of Flintshire for 1638–39.
Eyton married Susan, the daughter of Thomas Puleston of Lightwood, Overton, Flintshire and had at least three sons (two of whom predeceased him) and four daughters.
References
1661 deaths
People from Mold, Flintshire
Alumni of Hart Hall, Oxford
Members of Lincoln's Inn
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
English MPs 1614
High Sheriffs of Flintshire
Year of birth uncertain
George Warren was a British Methodist missionary who went to Sierra Leone in Nov 1811.
Rev. Warren had been an itinerant preacher travelling through England and Wales for John Wesley's circuits. Warren volunteered to become a missionary and educationalist in Sierra Leone, and sailed there in 1811 on board the Traveller, captained by Paul Cuffee. He was accompanied by three school teachers: Jonathan Raynor, John Healey and Thomas Hirst.
He was a juror during the trial of Samuel Samo in 1812.
He died within 8 months of arriving, a victim of the climate. (See Ref 1)
Today there is a Methodist Church in Freetown named Warren Memorial Methodist Church.
References
Methodist missionaries in Sierra Leone
English Methodist missionaries
British expatriates in Sierra Leone
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
The Route nationale 165 (also European Route 60) is a highway in Brittany. It connects the towns of Brest and Nantes. It is also numbered European Route 60. The majority of the route is autoroute standard.
Route
The road commences at Brest docks passing the visitor attractions Oceanopolis and Botanical Gardens. Thereafter the road turns south crossing the River Elom on a modern bridge the Pont de l'Iroise. The older Pont A. Louppe now closed to vehicular traffic lies on the seaward side.
The road passes the town of Plougastel Daoulas and alongside the coast (a series of submerged valleys) in the Parc Naturale D'Armorique. The road passes the town of Châteaulin and a junction with the N164 to Rennes and the N12. The former route taken by the N165 is now numbered by the RD770. The road enters the town of Quimper crossing the river Odet. The road now forms the towns eastern by-pass.
The road continues south east with the old road now the RD783 to the south and after the town of Quimperlé it becomes the RD765 where the road crosses the River Laïta. The road passes the Airport of Lann-Bihoué and forms the northern by-pass for Lorient over the Rivers Scorff and Blavet past Hennebont and a junction with the N24 to Rennes. The old road continues as the RD765 through the town centre of Lorient and Hennebont rejoining the new road after Landévant.
The road continues south east to the town of Vannes on the northern shore of the Gulf of Morbihan. There is a junction with the N166. The old road is again numbered the RD765 passing through villages now by-passed by the new road.
The road by-passes the town of Muzillac and crosses the river Vilaine passing the town of La Roche Bernard. The former road is hereafter numbered the RD965. The road passes the town of Pontchateau at Savenay there is a junction with the N171 to La Baule and Laval. The road passes the Loire-Atlantique motor racing circuit before entering the City of Nantes becoming the A844.
External links
Route national 165 information on Saratlas (in French)
Routes nationales in France
Djabal Club d'Iconi is a Comorian football club located in Iconi, Comoros. It currently plays in Comoros Premier League.
Players to feature for the Comoros national team are Fasoiha Goula Soilihi and Chadhouli Mradabi.
Titles
Comoros Premier League: 1
2012
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Champions League: 1 appearance
2013 – preliminary round
References
External links
Team profile – Soccerway.com
Football clubs in the Comoros
Sport in Grande Comore
John Callahan may refer to:
John Callahan (actor) (1953–2020), American actor; best known from the soap opera All My Children
John Callahan (cartoonist) (1951–2010), cartoonist
John Callahan's Quads!, a 2001 animated television series
John Callahan (Wisconsin politician) (1865–1956), Wisconsin Superintendent of Public Instruction
John B. Callahan (born 1969), mayor of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and Democratic nominee for the U.S. House of Representatives
John F. Callahan, writer and editor of numerous volumes related to African-American literature
John H. Callahan (1845–1914), American Civil War soldier and Medal of Honor recipient
John M. Callahan, chairman of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin
John Ross Callahan (1853–1918), American dentist
John Callahan (catcher) (1878–1952), American baseball player
John Callahan (pitcher) (1874–1954), baseball player
John Callahan (skier) (born 1962), American Olympic skier
John Callahan (wrestler) (born 1964), American professional wrestler
John Callahan (outlaw) (1866–1936), American outlaw and bank robber
See also
John Callaghan (disambiguation)
Jack Callahan (disambiguation)
The Austin North House, also known as The Castle, is a historic house in Billings, Montana. It was built in 1902-1903 for Austin North, his wife née Hattie Swartz, and their five children. North was a native of Iowa and he split his time between Billings and San Antonio, Texas. He was the president of the North Real Estate Investment Company, a real estate, mortgage and insurance company. He died in 1928. By the 1970s, the house was in mixed use, with stores on the first floor and residential apartments on the upper floors.
The house was designed in the Medieval style by Link & Haire, a prolific Montana-based architectural firm. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since November 23, 1977.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Yellowstone County, Montana
Houses completed in 1902
The rotator cuff is a group of muscles and their tendons that act to stabilize the human shoulder and allow for its extensive range of motion. Of the seven scapulohumeral muscles, four make up the rotator cuff. The four muscles are the supraspinatus muscle, the infraspinatus muscle, teres minor muscle, and the subscapularis muscle.
Structure
Muscles composing rotator cuff
The supraspinatus muscle spreads out in a horizontal band to insert on the superior facet of the greater tubercle of the humerus. The greater tubercle projects as the most lateral structure of the humeral head. Medial to this, in turn, is the lesser tubercle of the humeral head. The subscapularis muscle origin is divided from the remainder of the rotator cuff origins as it is deep to the scapula.
The four tendons of these muscles converge to form the rotator cuff tendon. These tendinous insertions along with the articular capsule, the coracohumeral ligament, and the glenohumeral ligament complex, blend into a confluent sheet before insertion into the humeral tuberosities (i.e. greater and lesser tubercle). The infraspinatus and teres minor fuse near their musculotendinous junctions, while the supraspinatus and subscapularis tendons join as a sheath that surrounds the biceps tendon at the entrance of the bicipital groove. The supraspinatus is most commonly involved in a rotator cuff tear.
Function
The rotator cuff muscles are important in shoulder movements and in maintaining glenohumeral joint (shoulder joint) stability. These muscles arise from the scapula and connect to the head of the humerus, forming a cuff at the shoulder joint. They hold the head of the humerus in the small and shallow glenoid fossa of the scapula. The glenohumeral joint has been analogously described as a golf ball (head of the humerus) sitting on a golf tee (glenoid fossa).
During abduction of the arm, moving it outward and away from the trunk (torso), the rotator cuff compresses the glenohumeral joint, an action known as concavity compression, in order to allow the large deltoid muscle to further elevate the arm. In other words, without the rotator cuff, the humeral head would ride up partially out of the glenoid fossa, lessening the efficiency of the deltoid muscle. The anterior and posterior directions of the glenoid fossa are more susceptible to shear force perturbations as the glenoid fossa is not as deep relative to the superior and inferior directions. The rotator cuff's contributions to concavity compression and stability vary according to their stiffness and the direction of the force they apply upon the joint.
In addition to stabilizing the glenohumeral joint and controlling humeral head translation, the rotator cuff muscles also perform multiple functions, including abduction, internal rotation, and external rotation of the shoulder. The infraspinatus and subscapularis have significant roles in scapular plane shoulder abduction (scaption), generating forces that are two to three times greater than the force produced by the supraspinatus muscle. However, the supraspinatus is more effective for general shoulder abduction because of its moment arm. The anterior portion of the supraspinatus tendon is submitted to a significantly greater load and stress, and performs its main functional role.
Clinical significance
Tear
The tendons at the ends of the rotator cuff muscles can become torn, leading to pain and restricted movement of the arm. A torn rotator cuff can occur following trauma to the shoulder or it can occur through the "wear and tear" on tendons, most commonly the supraspinatus tendon found under the acromion.
Rotator cuff injuries are commonly associated with motions that require repeated overhead motions or forceful pulling motions. Such injuries are frequently sustained by athletes whose actions include making repetitive throws, athletes such as baseball pitchers, softball pitchers, American football players (especially quarterbacks), firefighters, cheerleaders, weightlifters (especially powerlifters due to extreme weights used in the bench press), rugby players, volleyball players (due to their swinging motions), water polo players, rodeo team ropers, shot put throwers, swimmers, boxers, kayakers, martial artists, fast bowlers in cricket, tennis players (due to their service motion) and tenpin bowlers due to the repetitive swinging motion of the arm with the weight of a bowling ball. This type of injury also commonly affects orchestra conductors, choral conductors, and drummers (due, again, to swinging motions).
As progression increases after 4–6 weeks, active exercises are now implemented into the rehabilitation process. Active exercises allow an increase in strength and further range of motion by permitting the movement of the shoulder joint without the support of a physical therapist. Active exercises include the Pendulum exercise, which is used to strengthen the Supraspinatus, Infraspinatus, and Subscapularis. External rotation of the shoulder with the arm at a 90-degree angle is an additional exercise done to increase control and range of motion of the Infraspinatus and Teres minor muscles. Various active exercises are done for an additional 3–6 weeks as progress is based on an individual case-by-case basis. At 8–12 weeks, strength training intensity will increase as free-weights and resistance bands will be implemented within the exercise prescription.
Impingement
The accuracy of the physical examination is low. The Hawkins-Kennedy test has a sensitivity of approximately 80% to 90% for detecting impingement. The infraspinatus and supraspinatus tests have a specificity of 80% to 90%.
A common cause of shoulder pain in rotator cuff impingement syndrome is tendinosis, which is an age-related and most often self-limiting condition.
Studies show that there is moderate evidence that hypothermia (cold therapy) and exercise therapy used together are more effective than simply waiting for surgery and they suggest the best outcome for non-surgical treatment of subacromial impingement syndrome. The group of patients who participated in the exercise group were found to use significantly lower amounts of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS) and analgesics than the control group with no intervention.
Inflammation and fibrosis
The rotator interval is a triangular space in the shoulder that is functionally reinforced externally by the coracohumeral ligament and internally by the superior glenohumeral ligament, and traversed by the intra-articular biceps tendon. On imaging, it is defined by the coracoid process at its base, the supraspinatus tendon superiorly and the subscapularis tendon inferiorly. Changes of adhesive capsulitis can be seen at this interval as edema and fibrosis. Pathology at the interval is also associated with glenohumeral and biceps instability. Adhesive capsulitis or "frozen shoulder" is often secondary to rotator cuff injury due to post-surgical immobilization. Available treatment options include intra-articular corticosteroid injections to relieve pain in the short-term and electrotherapy, mobilizations, and home exercise programs for long-term pain relief.
Pain management
Treatment for a rotator cuff tear can include rest, ice, physical therapy, and/or surgery. A review of manual therapy and exercise treatments found inconclusive evidence as to whether these treatments were any better than placebo, however "High quality evidence from one trial suggested that manual therapy and exercise improved function only slightly more than placebo at 22 weeks, was little or no different to placebo in terms of other patient-important outcomes (e.g. overall pain), and was associated with relatively more frequent but mild adverse events."
The rotator cuff includes muscles such as the supraspinatus muscle, the infraspinatus muscle, the teres minor muscle and the subscapularis muscle. The upper arm consists of the deltoids, biceps, as well as the triceps. Steps must be taken and precautions need to be made in order for the rotator cuffs to heal properly following surgery while still maintaining function to prevent any deteriorating effects on the muscles. In the immediate postoperative period (within one week following surgery), pain can be treated with a standard ice wrap. There are also commercial devices available which not only cool the shoulder but also exert pressure on the shoulder ("compressive cryotherapy"). However, one study has shown no significant difference in postoperative pain when comparing these devices to a standard ice wrap.
Continuous passive motion
Physiotherapy can help manage the pain, but utilizing a program that involves continuous passive motion will reduce the pain even further. Assisted passive motion at a low intensity allows the tissues to be stretched slightly without damaging them Continuous passive motion improves the shoulder range and enables the subject to expand their range of motion without experiencing additional pain. Easing into the motions will allow the person to continue working those muscles to keep them from undergoing atrophy, while also still maintaining that minimum level of function where daily function is allowed. Doing these exercises will also prevent tears in the muscles that will impair daily function further. Since injuries of the rotator cuff often tend to inhibit motion without first experience discomfort and pain, other methods can be done to help accommodate that.
Manual therapy
A systematic review and Meta-analysis study shows manual therapy may help to reduce pain for patient with Rotator cuff tendiopathy, based on low- to moderate-quality evidence. However, there is not strong evidence for improving function also.
Surgery
Surgical approaches include acromioplasty (a part of the bone is removed to decrease pressure placed on the rotator cuff tendons), removal of a bursa that is inflamed or swollen, and subacromial decompression (the removal of tissue or bone that is damaged in order to allow more space for the tendons).
Surgery may be recommended for patients with an acute, traumatic rotator cuff tear resulting in substantial weakness. Surgery can be performed open or arthroscopically, although the arthroscopic approach has become much more popular. If a surgical option is selected, the rehabilitation of the rotator cuff is necessary in order to regain maximum strength and range of motion within the shoulder joint. Physical therapy progresses through four stages, increasing movement throughout each phase. The tempo and intensity of the stages are solely reliant on the extent of the injury and the patient's activity necessities. The first stage requires immobilization of the shoulder joint. The shoulder that is injured is placed in a sling and shoulder flexion or abduction of the arm is avoided for 4 to 6 weeks after surgery (Brewster, 1993). Avoiding movement of the shoulder joint allows the torn tendon to fully heal. Once the tendon is entirely recovered, passive exercises can be implemented. Passive exercises of the shoulder are movements in which a physical therapist maintains the arm in a particular position, manipulating the rotator cuff without any effort by the patient. These exercises are used to increase stability, strength and range of motion of the Subscapularis, Supraspinatus, Infraspinatus, and Teres minor muscles within the rotator cuff. Passive exercises include internal and external rotation of the shoulder joint, as well as flexion and extension of the shoulder.
A 2019 Cochrane Systematic Review found with a high degree of certainty that subacromial decompression surgery does not improve pain, function, or quality of life compared with a placebo surgery.
Orthotherapy exercises
Patients that suffer from pain in the rotator cuff may consider utilizing orthotherapy into their daily lives. Orthotherapy is an exercise program that aims to restore the motion and strength of the shoulder muscles. Patients can go through the three phases of orthotherapy to help manage pain and also recover their full range of motion in the rotator cuff. The first phase involves gentle stretches and passive all around movements, and people are advised not to go above 70 degrees of elevation to prevent any kind of further pain. The second phase of this regimen requires patients to implement exercises to strengthen the muscles that are surrounding the rotator cuff muscles, combined with the passive exercises done in the first phase to keep on stretching the tissues without overexerting them. Exercises include pushups and shoulder shrugs, and after a couple of weeks of this, daily activities are gradually added to the patient's routine. This program does not require any sort of medication or surgery and can serve as a good alternative.
The rotator cuff and the upper muscles are responsible for many daily tasks that people do in their lives. A proper recovery needs to be maintained and achieved to prevent limiting movement, and can be done through simple movements.
Additional images
See also
Frozen shoulder
References
Shoulder
Upper limb anatomy
de:Oberarm#Rotatorenmanschette
Path Transit is an Australian bus company operating Transperth services under contract to the Public Transport Authority. It is a subsidiary of Keolis Downer.
History
On 29 September 1996, Path Transit commenced operating services in the Marmion and Wanneroo areas from depots in Joondalup and Karrinyup with 191 Mercedes-Benz and Renault buses.
In January 1998, Path Transit gained further services in the Joondalup North area followed on 5 July 1998 by services in the Morley area. In 1998, a new depot was opened in Wangara. In May 2011, Path Transit lost the Joondalup contract area to Transdev WA and lost the Marmion area to Swan Transit, but retained operation of the Morley contract area. However, in October the following year, Path Transit took over the Kalamunda contract from Swan Transit.
As of November 2020, Path Transit continues to operate the Kalamunda and Morley area contracts. It also operates the Geraldton regional contract.
Depots
Path Transit operates six depots in total at Bayswater, Walliston, Malaga, Redcliffe, Welshpool, and Geraldton.
References
External links
Company website
Transperth
Bus companies of Western Australia
Keolis
Public transport in Perth, Western Australia
1996 establishments in Australia
Gordon Belcher (26 September 1885 – 16 May 1915) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Hampshire. He was born in Kemp Town and died just outside Richebourg in Belgium, during World War I.
Belcher made a single first-class appearance, for Hampshire in 1905. As a lower-middle order batsman, he scored a duck in each of his first-class innings.
Belcher played frequently for Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1910 and 1913.
Belcher died at the age of 29. His father, Thomas, played for Oxford University between 1869 and 1870.
References
External links
Gordon Belcher at Cricket Archive
1885 births
1915 deaths
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
Berkshire cricketers
People educated at Brighton College
British military personnel killed in World War I
Royal Berkshire Regiment officers
British Army personnel of World War I
SimCity Societies is a city-building simulation video game developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts, and is part of the SimCity series. The gameplay is significantly different from previous SimCity titles, with a greater focus on social development. SimCity Societies was released in 2007, and received mixed reviews, with praise for the game's improved accessibility and visuals, but criticism for being oversimplified and having poor performance.
Gameplay
SimCity Societies has a different style of gameplay compared to previous SimCity titles, with less focus on "stricter city-planner roles", and more focus on "social-engineering". Tilted Mill Entertainment also reduced the complexity of SimCity Societies after the previous games in the series had been described as too complex by Will Wright. Complexity was reduced by removing the need to lay pipes and power grids. The ability to fund buildings individually, building evolution, and zoning were also not featured in the game. The adviser system of previous SimCity games was replaced, with a city's status instead indicated to the player by the behaviour of citizens, with each building having an effect on citizen's behaviour. Furthermore, there was an awards system to give players access to new buildings and other features when they meet certain goals.
Six "societal values" feature in SimCity Societies, which determine the attributes of a city. The six societal values are productivity, prosperity, creativity, spirituality, authority, and knowledge. Focusing on a certain "societal value" can change the visual appearance of a city, for instance the authority "societal value" can result in security cameras appearing on buildings. "Societal values" can also affect what buildings are unlocked by the player.
The game is "fully customizable" and allows the player to customize individual buildings, decorations, citizens, and game rules. Prior to its release, when mentioning the depth to which the game would allow customization, a Tilted Mill Entertainment representative stated that those who were proficient in C# and XML will be able to easily edit the gameplay. It was also announced that an online exchange would be provided to allow for the exchange of buildings.
Development
On June 5, 2007, Tilted Mill Entertainment announced that it would be developing SimCity Societies instead of Maxis, which had developed SimCity 4. Maxis did not develop the game due to their focus instead being on the development of Spore. Immediate reaction was negative, especially on the official forums of the developer towards this game. Responses directly from the developers attempted to ease some concerns.
Reception
The PC version received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. GameZone praised the game's increased accessibility and less "sterile" gameplay compared to previous titles in the SimCity series, and Game Informer concluded that the changes to the gameplay were "inventive". 1Up.com compared the same PC version to The Sims series and described the gameplay as being "addictive enough" and having "the pervasive sensation that your city is a single entity" with features, such as achievement awards, to keep players interested. Computer performance and lack of information within the game were however criticized.
GamePro described the same PC version as over "simplified" and "exceptionally easy" with "frame-rate woes". The review concluded that the game "tries to take the franchise in a better direction but it ultimately gets lost along the way". GameSpot stated that the game was a "lackluster spinoff", and although their review praised the game's visuals and sound effects, it described the graphics as "sluggish", and criticized the gameplay for a lack of connection between sim happiness and "societal values", as well as being too easy. GameSpys review concluded that the PC version "may be enjoyable" to casual users, but it lacks the depth of gameplay for "hardcore" gamers. It also commented on the "weighty system requirements" of the game. IGN described the gameplay as "too arbitrary" and "confusing" and also commented on the lack of connection between sim happiness and "societal values". The review criticized the lack of realism in the gameplay, giving the example of fire stations making money for the city, but did go on to praise the game's visuals.
In response to criticism, a second update was released to fix bugs and add new features to the game. In this update, three new modes were introduced into the "Creative play" mode. These modes are, in order, "Basic", "Hardcore", and "Nightmare". Basic mode is the easiest of the three but is more difficult than the most challenging mode from the game's release version. Three further updates were later released which added additional features to SimCity Societies including six new game scenarios, city policies such as universal health care, building maintenance costs and city income adjustments, and a UFO attack.
SimCity Societies: Destinations
On June 23, 2008, an expansion pack was released titled SimCity Societies: Destinations. The main focus of the game is tourism, with new features that allow players to build tourist destinations.
Destinations that can be created by the player include ski resorts, beach resorts, and theme parks. Air travel and water travel have also been introduced to the game, along with an improved map generator.
The Destinations expansion received "mixed" reviews according to Metacritic. GameZone described it as a "decent expansion", but "not a must-have one". The review describes the game as more challenging than the original release of SimCity Societies, but "with just enough content to make it new". GameSpot commented that the expansion "makes a decent game a good one", and went on to praise the game's increased complexity. IGN concluded that the expansion "finally starts to make SimCity Societies feel worthy of the SimCity name." Their review acknowledges IGNs criticism of the original game for lack of direction, and praises the expansion pack for improvements to the gameplay. The review however also criticised the game for poor frame rate performance and repetitiveness. 1Up.com also criticised the game's poor performance and described the expansion pack as redundant to the patches available for SimCity Societies.
References
External links
Official website (Archived via Internet Archive on March 26, 2009)
2007 video games
BlackBerry games
City-building games
Mobile games
SimCity
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Keith Zizza
Video games with expansion packs
Windows games
Windows Mobile games
Single-player video games
USS LST-1072 was an in the United States Navy. Like many of her class, she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.
Construction
LST-1072 was laid down on 16 February 1945, at Hingham, Massachusetts, by the Bethlehem-Hingham Shipyard; launched on 20 March 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Florence Mitchell; and commissioned on 16 March 1945.
Service history
Following World War II, LST-1072 performed occupation duty in the Far East until early December 1945. She was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) on 2 April 1951, where she operated as USNS T-LST-1072. The ship was transferred to the Philippines, under the Security Assistance Program, on 13 September 1976. She was renamed Tawi Tawi (LT-512) and commissioned into the Philippine Navy. She was scrapped at an unknown date.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
LST-542-class tank landing ships
Ships built in Hingham, Massachusetts
1945 ships
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Philippine Navy
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1990–91 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1990–91 in Bahraini football
Eocarcinosoma is a genus of eurypterid, an extinct group of aquatic arthropods. The type and only species of Eocarcinosoma, E. batrachophthalmus, is known from deposits of Late Ordovician age in the United States. The generic name is derived from the related genus Carcinosoma, and the Greek () meaning 'dawn', referring to the earlier age of the genus compared to other carcinosomatid eurypterids.
Eocarcinosoma is known only from a single specimen, a well-preserved small prosoma (head). In life it would have been a very small eurypterid, given that the head measures just 2.05 centimetres (0.8 in) in length. The main distinguishing features from other carcinosomatids were the eyes being placed on the margins of the carapace (head plate) and the head being more triangular in shape than in its later relatives. Although initially believed to be an adult given the relatively small size of the eyes, some researchers believe Eocarcinosoma to represent a juvenile specimen of the eurypterid Megalograptus.
Description
Eocarcinosoma was a small carcinosomatid eurypterid. Although size estimates of E. batrachophthalmus being as small as 3 centimetres (1.2 in) in length have been published, these are impossible given that the carapace (head plate) of the type specimen measures 2.05 centimetres (0.8 in) in length and is 2.42 centimetres (0.95 in) wide at its widest point.
The carapace of Eocarcinosoma was broadly triangular in shape, slightly wider than it was long. The triangular shape, combined with a downward bend of the frontal margins of the carapace, might have been adaptations towards digging. The compound eyes of Eocarcinosoma, which measured 3.7 millimetres (0.15 in) long and 1.5 millimetres (0.06 in) wide were prominent and roughly reniform (shaped like beans or kidneys), and located on the margin of the carapace. Slightly behind the eyes and placed in the centre of the carapace were the ocelli (light-sensitive simple eyes), which were raised on a small and rounded ocellar mound.
Eocarcinosoma can be distinguished from other carcinosomatids, such as Carcinosoma and Eusarcana, by its marginally placed and kidney-shaped compound eyes and its head shape being more triangular than those of its relatives. Unlike later carcinosomatids, the carapace of Eocarcinosoma also apparently lacked any ormanentation of scales.
History of research
Eocarcinosoma batrachophthalmus was described in 1964 by Kenneth E. Caster and Erik N. Kjellesvig-Waering, based on a well-preserved prosoma (head) from Ashgillian-age (Late Ordovician) deposits alongside the Ohio River road (U.S. Route 52), approximately 14.5 kilometres (9 miles) north of Manchester, Ohio. The fossil location is the same as the type locality of the eurypterid Megalograptus ohioensis. The specimen was referred to the Carcinosomatidae by Caster and Kjellesvig-Waering without explanation, and named as a distinct genus and species on account of the features separating it from other carcinosomatids. The name Eocarcinosoma is derived from the Greek word () meaning 'dawn', and the related genus Carcinosoma. The type specimen, consisting of a part and counterpart (the two matching halves of a compression fossil) and given the designation 24147 A and B, was deposited to the Geological Museum of the University of Cincinnati.
Caster and Kjellesvig-Waering also suggested that three other Ordovician carcinosomatid eurypterid species from New York State, previously referred to the genus Eusarcus (a synonym of Eusarcana) – E. breviceps, E. ruedemanni and E. triangulatus – could be referred to Eocarcinosoma. These species, noted by Caster and Kjellesvig-Waering as being based on poorly preserved fossil material, were deemed to be based on pseudofossils, and thus invalid, by Victor P. Tollerton in 2003, an assessment retained by later researchers. The only species of Eocarcinosoma presently considered valid is the type species, E. batrachophthalmus.
Although Kjellesvig-Waering noted in 1964 that the small eyes of the type specimen indicates that it was an adult, the possibility that the specimen represented a juvenile Megalograptus was noted in 2004 by Simon J. Braddy, Victor P. Tollerton, Patrick R. Racheboeuf and Roger Schallreuter. Though the genus was provisionally accepted as reliable, the authors wrote that the specimen required restudy. The possibility that it may be a juvenile Megalograptus was again mentioned by James C. Lamsdell and Braddy in a 2009 study.
Classification
Rhinocarcinosoma is classified as part of the family Carcinosomatidae, a family within the superfamily Carcinosomatoidea, alongside the genera Carcinosoma, Rhinocarcinosoma, Eusarcana and possibly Holmipterus. Eocarcinosoma is typically excluded from phylogenetic analyses due to being based only on a small carapace. The cladogram below follows a 1983 cladogram by Roy E. Plotnick, simplified to only display the Carcinosomatoidea.
Palaeoecology
Carcinosomatid eurypterids such as Eocarcinosoma were among the most marine eurypterids, with the fossil deposits that yielded Eocarcinsoma at one point having been a marginal marine (influenced by both salt and fresh water, such as a lagoon or delta) environment. The Eocarcinosoma type specimen was found alongside hundreds of specimens, most fragmentary, of the larger eurypterid Megalograptus ohioensis. Also present were species of trilobites and scolecodonts.
See also
List of eurypterid genera
Timeline of eurypterid research
Notes
References
Carcinosomatoidea
Ordovician arthropods of North America
Ordovician eurypterids
Eurypterids of North America
Fossils of the United States
Fossil taxa described in 1964
Robert Litzenberger is Professor Emeritus at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
He is best known for establishing the use of state prices in financial economics.
Biography
Litzenberger studied at Wagner College before going on to earn an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and receiving his PhD from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill three years later in 1969.
Litzenberger served on the faculty of Carnegie Mellon University's Graduate school of Industrial Administration (now the Tepper School of Business) for one year. He moved to the Stanford Business School, where he earned tenure and a chaired professorship.
In 1986 he returned to the Wharton School, while taking the part-time position of director of research and chief economist at AIG Financial Products. He used his experience there to develop the first financial engineering course to be offered at Penn.
Litzenberger retired from academia in 1995, taking the emeritus title at the University of Pennsylvania. He became director of derivative research and quantitative modeling at Goldman Sachs. He later served as risk manager in 1998 and became a partner in 1999, shortly before Goldman's IPO. After the attacks on 9/11, Litzenberger stepped back from an active role at Goldman.
He is retired, living in rural Pennsylvania with his wife Amy.
References
1943 births
Living people
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Goldman Sachs people
Stanford University faculty
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania faculty
Wagner College alumni
Financial economists
Presidents of the American Finance Association
Brian O'Connor (March 2, 1958 – August 15, 2022) was an American visual artist, who worked in a surrealistic style. A documentary film, Painting Grey, was made about his work and life. He lived and collaborated with his wife, Iva, in the small town of Veguita, New Mexico.
Early life and education
O'Connor was born on March 2, 1958 to Mikey and John O'Connor, in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where he was also raised. He attended college in the late 1970s at the Centro Andino in Quito, Ecuador, where he first became interested in art. In 1983 he received a Bachelors of Fine Arts degree from the University of New Mexico.
Career
O'Connor's paintings have been described as socio-political narratives. He renders figurative subjects within enigmatic situations. O'Connor has described his work as "the beautiful mess" of "grappling with the world" and attempting to make sense of it. The art writer, Diane Armitage wrote of O'Connor's work, “O'Connor is a gifted realist painter whose increasingly dark vision continues to expand as he adds to his narrative of millennial observations...what O'Connor does in his work is pose questions about our complicity with the forces of degradation that seem to increasingly govern our fate.” He has exhibited his work nationally in museums and galleries including the Albuquerque Museum, the Harwood Museum, the New Mexico Museum of Fine Arts, the San Antonio Museum of Art, the Riverside Museum of Art among other venues.
Honors and awards
From 1985 through 1987, O'Connor received several grants from the New Mexico Artist in Residence Program to work in various sites. In 1990, he received a joint fellowship from the Western States Arts Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Collections
O'Connor's works are held in the permanent collection of the New Mexico Museum of Art. His painting, 93 Million Miles, was held in the Bernalillo County public art collection from which it was stolen and never recovered.
Documentary film
In 2020, a documentary film, Painting Grey, by Ann Bromberg, was made about O'Connor's work, and how posterior cortical atrophy, a progressive brain disorder, has affected his artistic practice and daily life.
Personal life and death
O'Connor was married to the painter Iva Morris. They had two children. He died on August 15, 2022, at the age of 64.
References
Further reading
Blaisdell, Gus. King of Hats: The Paintings of Brian O'Connor, Artspace Magazine, vol.14, no.2 (January/February 1990).
Catalog on O'Connor's work, Brian O'Connor: Mystique with a Message
External links
Official website
1958 births
2022 deaths
People from Albuquerque, New Mexico
20th-century American artists
21st-century American artists
American painters
University of New Mexico alumni
Take Me in Your Arms may refer to:
Take Me in Your Arms (Lil Suzy song)
Take Me in Your Arms (Eddy Arnold song)
Take Me in Your Arms (Rock Me a Little While), a song written by Holland–Dozier–Holland
Take Me in Your Arms (film), a 1954 Mexican drama film
East Quoddy is a rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality. The community is situated on the Marine Drive along Nova Scotia Trunk 7 about east of Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia. It can be found along the eastern shore of Quoddy Harbour, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean.
References
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Aso ebi (Yoruba), sometimes spelled as Asoebi in Nigeria and Ashobie in Sierra Leone and The Gambia, is a uniform dress or dressing code/style that is traditionally worn by Yorubas and then some other African cultures as an indicator of cooperation, camaraderie and solidarity during ceremonies, events and festive periods. The purpose of wearing the dress can be to serve as self-identification with age mates, relatives or friends during social occasions or funerals.
Origins
The word aso in Yoruba means cloth and ebi denotes family, so Aso ebi can be described as a family cloth usually worn during funerals or family ceremonies. However, the practice is now beyond family dressing because strangers of a celebrant can wear the Aso ebi.
Ayodele Olukoju, a Nigerian economic historian believes Aso ebi became a novelty in 1920 during a period of post World War I economic boom triggered by the higher prices for produce products such as Oil palm. However, William Bascom traced the origin to an earlier period when members of Yoruba age grades wear uniform dressing to mark fraternal bonds. In the 1950s, members of women organizations or egbes turn out to ceremonies and anniversaries of relatives in the same style of dress, sandals, lappa, smock, necklace, the culture signifies close friendship. The uniform dressing can also be a measure of personal affluence, because Aso ebi involves rivalry between various egbes or groups with each group competing to outshine each other in terms of quality, originality and richness of the uniform
Aso ebi in Nigerian society
From the mid 1960s to the late 1970s, imported lace and george were incorporated into Nigerian fabrics and they became popular items used for Aso ebi. Increased demand for handcrafted traditional dresses such as Agbada led to a resurgence of tailors and fashion designers specialized in making native attires. The tailors strived to meet the increasing demand and designs of uniform dressing, sometimes with the aid of the fashion pages of magazines to make style choices. The rise of Aso ebi also coincided with an intense market of fashion and lifestyles magazines in Lagos whereby tailors look at designs for inspiration and their patrons buy the magazines to see whether they or their friends are pictured in it.
Aso ebi in recent times has become a city phenomenon that has diffused to other West African cultures. Dealers of imported and local textile materials have also benefited from the boom in demand for uniform dressing. Some textile dealers offer consultation services and bulk rates for the choice and cost of the dress and fabrics. While the price of fabrics in sewing the traditional attire is affordable, the aso ebi practice is still sometimes used as an identification with affluence, some wear expensive embroidery and extra layers of cloth, whereas others, who could not afford a whole outfit, added only matching tops and head coverings. Additionally, aso ebi has become an attire of class worn by celebrities and elites in recent times, especially the Nigerian Nollywood stars. With fashion designers creatively making outfits for special occasions to meet the taste of their rich and wealthy customers, aso ebi outfits has become a regular today.
References
External links
BellaNaija Aso ebi Vol 107
A Collection of Nigerian Aso Ebi styles
Asoebi African Dresses
Asoebi by Stylish Gwin Africa
Aso-Ebi African Dresses
Aso Ebi Fashion
Owanbe Asoebi
Step-Up Your Style Game With These 8 Chic Aso Ebi Velvet Styles
African clothing
Nigerian culture
Yoruba culture
The 2020 presidential campaign of Jay Inslee began on March 1, 2019, when Inslee - the incumbent Governor of Washington - announced that he would be running for the Democratic nomination. He had been chair of the Democratic Governors Association for the 2018 election cycle and served as a co-chair of the United States Climate Alliance. He was the first governor to enter the 2020 race.
Inslee centered his campaign around climate change and other environmental issues. His policy positions included transitioning the United States completely to zero-emission renewable energy by 2035, and investing in the creation of a clean energy economy and additional jobs. Inslee's campaign was officially suspended on August 21, 2019, when he announced his withdrawal from the race on The Rachel Maddow Show.
Background
Throughout 2018, speculation rose that Inslee was considering a run for President of the United States in the 2020 election. He garnered national attention due to Washington v. Trump, a lawsuit challenging the Trump Administration's order to ban entry from seven Muslim-majority countries. While serving as chair of the Democratic Governors Association during the 2018 gubernatorial elections, Inslee oversaw Democrats gaining seven net governorships nationwide, further propelling him into the national spotlight and fueling speculation that he would run. Inslee cited climate change as his primary motivation for running, strongly criticizing the Trump Administration's policies.
On January 2, 2019, it was reported that Inslee was beginning to form an exploratory committee, the first step in a campaign. Inslee has pointed to former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton, saying that they were once "pretty much unknown governors of small states" and adding, "this is a wide-open field. No one has a lock on this. No one has a total crystal ball as to what the nation wants." On February 28, 2019, it was reported that Inslee had hired former advisors of Tom Steyer.
Campaign
Announcement
On March 1, 2019, Inslee announced his presidential campaign bid at a solar panel provider's warehouse on Mount Baker in Seattle.
Events
On March 11, 2019, Inslee toured homes destroyed by the November 2018 Woolsey Fire, mocking President Donald Trump for suggesting that California could prevent wildfires by raking its forests.
Fundraising
On December 6, 2018, Inslee's Vision PAC reported $112,500 in donations from about two dozen contributors. On February 1, 2019, Vision PAC reported $243,000 in donations from about thirty contributors. A super-PAC called Act Now on Climate was launched on February 21, 2019, in anticipation of Inslee's presidential campaign.
According to Inslee's website, "Jay Inslee will not knowingly accept any contributions from the PACs, executives, or front groups of fossil fuel companies."
At the end of the second quarter, his campaign announced he had raised a total of $5.3 million since the campaign's launch on March 1, with an average donation of just below $32. He had also attracted 85,000 individual donors, as of the end of June.
Democratic presidential debates
As of May 24, 2019, Inslee secured a place in the Democratic Presidential Debates by reaching the threshold of financial contributions from 65,000 individual donors and 1% support in DNC-approved polls needed for inclusion. He was the thirteenth candidate to "double qualify". Inslee subsequently requested that one such debate focus on climate change. In addition to rejecting the proposal, the Democratic National Committee reminded him that attempts to organize a debate privately would violate the exclusivity contract for candidates. This move was protested by Inslee and 53 members of the DNC.
Suspension
On August 21, 2019, during an interview on The Rachel Maddow Show on MSNBC, Inslee announced that he would drop out of the race. The next day he announced he would be seeking reelection for a third term as Governor of Washington in the 2020 gubernatorial election.
Political positions
Climate change
Inslee made climate change the primary issue of his campaign, saying that it poses a "clear and present danger" to the country and comparing it to a terrorist threat. He strongly desired to transfer the United States away from the use of fossil fuels and towards the use of renewable energy.
On May 3, 2019, Inslee unveiled his "100% Clean Energy for America Plan", proposing zero-emission, renewable, and 100% clean energy nationwide by 2035. This plan was later adopted by Elizabeth Warren.
Economy
On May 16, 2019, Inslee unveiled his "An Evergreen Economy for America plan", with proposals involving investing roughly $9 trillion into jobs, clean energy, and modern infrastructure, in order to create 8 million jobs over the next ten years in the context of a clean energy economy. This plan included raising the federal minimum wage to $15/hour by 2024, pegged to median hourly wage thereafter, as well as introducing national paid sick leave.
Education
Inslee's education plan involved climate change, using the Department of Education to make new investments in STEM to help address the nation's technology concerns. Inslee also called for the retrofitting and upgrade of every U.S. school building within ten years, both to improve overall education infrastructure, and to prepare for the effects of climate change. He also pushed for large investments in mental health programs, universal preschool through age four, and free or reduced college tuition, reflecting the principles of the College Grant Program he implemented in Washington state. He also pushed for more equal access to education for disadvantaged populations, such as undocumented immigrants, DREAMers, and incarcerated persons.
Endorsements
References
Inslee
Jay Inslee
Mehammarsåta or Midhamarsåta is the highest mountain on the island of Stord in the municipality of Stord in Vestland county, Norway. The tall mountain lies in the northeastern part of the municipality, just south of the municipal border with Fitjar.
See also
List of mountains of Norway
References
Stord
Mountains of Vestland
The GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Comic Book is an annual award that honors comic books for excellence in the depiction of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) characters and themes. It is one of several categories of the annual GLAAD Media Awards, which are presented by GLAAD—an American non-governmental media monitoring organization founded in 1985, formerly called the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation—at ceremonies in New York City, Los Angeles, and San Francisco between March and June.
The award was introduced in 1992 as a non-competitive category at the 3rd GLAAD Media Awards. The first honoree was the second volume of The Flash, an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics and written by William Messner-Loebs. No award was given from 1993 through 1995, but one comic has been recognized every year since 1996. Outstanding Comic Book became a competitive category in 1997. While the award initially encompassed all types of comics—such as comic books, comic strips, and graphic novels—GLAAD split the category into two starting with the 33rd ceremony in 2022; Outstanding Comic Book and Outstanding Original Graphic Novel/Anthology.
For a comic to be eligible, it must be targeted at a general audience and be sold nationwide in comic retail stores. Furthermore, it must be published by one of the United States' four mainstream comic book publishers—Dark Horse Comics, DC Comics, Image Comics, or Marvel Comics—or their subsidiaries. A title from another publisher is eligible at GLAAD's discretion if it manages to attain a degree of visibility and impact similar to that of one of the four mainstream publishers.
Comic books selected by GLAAD are evaluated based on four criteria: "Fair, Accurate, and Inclusive Representations" of the LGBT community, "Boldness and Originality" of the project, significant "Impact" on mainstream culture, and "Overall Quality" of the project. GLAAD monitors mainstream media to identify which comic books will be nominated, while also issuing a Call for Entries that encourages media outlets to submit titles for consideration. Comics created by and for an LGBT audience must be submitted in order to be considered for nomination, as GLAAD does not monitor such works for defamation. Winners are determined by a plurality vote by GLAAD staff and board, Shareholders Circle members, as well as volunteers and allies.
Since its inception, the award has been given to 26 comics. Green Lantern, Young Avengers, and Strangers in Paradise are the only titles to have received the award twice, and Green Lantern is the only work to have won in two consecutive years; 2002 and 2003. Judd Winick is the writer with the most wins, having been nominated four times and winning three, including two for Green Lantern. With eight nominations and two wins, Terry Moore, creator of Strangers in Paradise, has been nominated more often than any other writer. With four nominations, The Authority is the comic that has been nominated the most often without a win, while with six nominations, Brian K. Vaughan is the most-nominated writer without a win.
Since the mid-2000s the award has received some criticism for its emphasis on mainstream comics—including its exclusion of non-mainstream comics, webcomics, and manga—as well as failing to recognize comic book artists alongside writers in nominations. At the 33rd GLAAD Media Awards in 2022, Mariko Tamaki won the award for her work on the comic book series Crush and Lobo, published by DC Comics.
Winners and nominees
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
Multiple wins and nominations
Titles
The following titles received two or more Outstanding Comic Book awards:
The following titles received four or more Outstanding Comic Book nominations:
Writers
The following writers received two or more Outstanding Comic Book awards:
The following writers received four or more Outstanding Comic Book nominations:
Publishers
The following publishers received two or more Outstanding Comic Book awards:
The following publishers received four or more Outstanding Comic Book nominations:
GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Original Graphic Novel/Anthology
Criticism
Rich Thigpen, a member of the advisory board of Prism Comics, has described a debate existing regarding GLAAD's award for Outstanding Comic Book and whether the comics the organization nominates "were deserving because of their LGBT content or because of the press coverage they generated". Thigpen stated that, given GLAAD's "very mission statement", it is expected that most Outstanding Comic Book nominees will be mainstream works that have "made the biggest media impact", and that he personally sees nothing wrong with this.
Andrew Wheeler of ComicsAlliance has also criticed the focus on mainstream comics, as it results in the award having a "somewhat narrow focus". He points out how, despite Alison Bechdel's Fun Home winning the Outstanding Comic Book award in 2007, Are You My Mother? wasn't even nominated during the 2013 ceremony. Wheeler also criticized the exclusion of webcomics, arguing that the most "progressive and inclusive LGBT content in comics today" is to be found in digital comics. The omission of manga has also been criticized, with Yuricon founder Erica Friedman stating that she has often written to GLAAD about including manga in this category.
The category has also been criticized for recognizing only the writers of individual comics, but not the artists. Wheeler has described this as "frustrating" and argued that it "undermines the award's credibility". Writing for Paste, Steve Foxe described GLAAD's unacknowledgement of artists as "painful". GLAAD's failure to recognize artists was criticized in 2019 by both comics journalist Oliver Sava and frequent Marvel Comics artist Mark Brooks. By 2022, GLAAD continued to not recognize comic book artists in nominations, which Rich Johnston of Bleeding Cool lamented.
Notes
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
American literary awards
LGBT characters in comics
Comic awards
Para Aventuras y Curiosidades (English: For Adventures and Curiosities) is the debut studio album by Venezuelan-American duo Mau y Ricky. It was released on May 3, 2019, through Sony Music Latin. The album is the follow-up to their debut EP Arte (2017), and features guest appearances from Sebastián Yatra, Becky G, Karol G, Lali, Manuel Turizo, Leslie Grace and Camilo.
Background
The duo announced the title of the album in an interview with Forbes magazine, in which they said that "[it] represents what the all encompassing idea behind the album is." After its May 2019 release, the album debuted at number 22 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart, and at number 5 on the Latin Pop Albums chart, with 2,000 equivalent album units, with nearly all of that sum derived from streaming activity. The album features smash-hits "Mi Mala", "Ya No Tiene Novio", "Desconocidos" and Lali's "Sin Querer Queriendo", in which the duo appears as featured artist.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2019 albums
Spanish-language albums
Panvel Assembly constituency is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies in Maharashtra state in western India.
Overview
Panvel constituency is one of the seven Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in the Raigad district. and comprises a part of Panvel tehsil of the district.
Panvel is part of the Maval Lok Sabha constituency along with five other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely Karjat and Uran in the Raigad district and Maval, Chinchwad and Pimpri in the Pune district.
Members of Legislative Assembly
Key
Election results
2019 results
2014 results
2009 results
2004 result
See also
List of constituencies of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly
Notes
Assembly constituencies of Maharashtra
Politics of Raigad district
Uğurlu is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Carlos Quintero Arce (February 13, 1920 – February 15, 2016) was a Mexican prelate of the Catholic Church. At his death, he was the oldest Mexican bishop.
Quintero Arce was born in Etzatlán, Mexico, and was ordained a priest on April 8, 1944, for the Archdiocese of Guadalajara. He was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Ciudad Valles on March 20, 1961, and consecrated on May 14, 1961. Quintero Arce was appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Hermosillo on March 3, 1966, and succeeded as bishop upon retirement of Archbishop Juan María Navarrete y Guerrero on August 18, 1968. Quintero Arce retired from the Archdiocese of Hermosillo on August 20, 1996. He died at his home in Hermosillo, Sonora, on February 15, 2016, at the age of 96.
References
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy
Archdiocese of Guadalajara
Archdiocese of Hermosillo
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Mexico
Quintero Arce, Carlos
1920 births
2016 deaths
Michelle Francini Montero Venegas (born 29 August 1994) is a Costa Rican footballer who plays as a forward for A.D. Municipal Pérez Zeledón and the Costa Rica national team.
Early life
Montero was born in Sarapiquí in Heredia Province.
Club career
UCEM Alajuela
While still in high school, Montero signed for UCEM Alajuela. On 5 May 2013, she scored five goals in a 6–1 victory against Carrillo.
AD Moravia
Montero initially retired in 2017, but signed with AD Moravia in 2019 following an invitation from coach Bernal Castillo.
C.S. Herediano
In January 2020, Montero joined C.S. Herediano when C.S. Herediano took over running of AD Moravia's senior team.
Liga Deportiva Juvenil de Macas
In February 2020, Montero and her Herediano teammate María José Morales joined Superliga Femenina side Liga Deportiva Juvenil de Macas on a seven-month loan. Both loans were terminated in July.
Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
In February 2021, Montero signed with Ligat Nashim side Hapoel Be'er Sheva. She departed the team in May. She later spoke of the impact her experiences of the 2021 Israel–Palestine crisis had on her mental health.
Cruz Azul
In July 2021, Montero signed with Liga MX Femenil side Cruz Azul, becoming the team's first foreign player.
A.D. Municipal Pérez Zeledón
In May 2022, Montero signed with Costa Rican Women's Premier Division team A.D. Municipal Pérez Zeledón.
International career
Montero represented Costa Rica in the 2014 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship, scoring in the third-place playoff against Trinidad and Tobago. She was later included in Costa Rica's squad for the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, scoring in a 5–1 loss to France.
Montero made her senior debut for Costa Rica on 30 November 2021, scoring in a 5–2 friendly win against Nicaragua.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Heredia Province
Costa Rican women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C. (women) players
Cruz Azul (women) footballers
Ligat Nashim players
Liga MX Femenil players
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Costa Rican expatriates in Israel
Expatriate women's footballers in Israel
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate women's footballers in Mexico
Costa Rica women's international footballers
Soyauxia velutina is a species of flowering plant from the genus Soyauxia.
References
Peridiscaceae
In Greek mythology, Stymphalus or Stymphalos (Ancient Greek: Στύμφαλος or Στύμφαλον) may refer to the following personages:
Stymphalus, an Arcadian prince as one of the 50 sons of the impious King Lycaon either by the naiad Cyllene, Nonacris or by unknown woman. He and his brothers were the most nefarious and carefree of all people. To test them, Zeus visited them in the form of a peasant. These brothers mixed the entrails of a child into the god's meal, whereupon the enraged Zeus threw the meal over the table. Stymphalus was killed, along with his brothers and their father, by a lightning bolt of the god.
Stymphalus, king of Arcadia and son of Elatus and Laodice.
Stymphelus (Στύμφηλος), a son of Ares and Dormothea, who threw himself into the Arcadian river Nyctimus grieving over the death of his brother Alcmaeon, whereupon the river was renamed Stymphelus after him and bore this name until it was changed to Alpheus, allegedly after a descendant of Helios who too flung himself into the river to escape prosecution by the Erinyes over the murder of his brother Cercaphus.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Dionysus of Halicarnassus, Roman Antiquities. English translation by Earnest Cary in the Loeb Classical Library, 7 volumes. Harvard University Press, 1937-1950. Online version at Bill Thayer's Web Site
Dionysius of Halicarnassus, Antiquitatum Romanarum quae supersunt, Vol I-IV. . Karl Jacoby. In Aedibus B.G. Teubneri. Leipzig. 1885. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus, Morals translated from the Greek by several hands. Corrected and revised by. William W. Goodwin, PH. D. Boston. Little, Brown, and Company. Cambridge. Press Of John Wilson and son. 1874. 5. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Princes in Greek mythology
Sons of Lycaon
Arcadian characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
"Indian Summer" is a song by Manic Street Preachers and was the fourth single released from their eighth studio album Send Away the Tigers. It peaked on number 22 in the UK Singles Chart.
Background
Nicky Wire mentioned around the time of Autumnsong's release, that "Indian Summer" was a strong candidate for the third single from the album, but was pushed back in favour of "Autumnsong".
On 1 August 2007 the official Manics' website reported that the band would soon be heading to studio in order to record b-sides for the single's release.
In an interview with Lauren Laverne on 6 August 2007 on BBC Radio 2, Wire said that James Dean Bradfield wasn't sure of "Indian Summer" as it sounded like "A Design for Life", to which Nicky said "well then, let's put it on the album".
Release
It reached number 22 in the UK Singles Chart, breaking an amazing run of 11 years where the band managed to chart all their singles in the Top 20 in the UK, starting with 1996's A Design for Life, and ending with Indian Summer.
Just prior to the release of the single, Nicky Wire said of the B-sides, "'Anorexic Rodin' - Randy Rhodes guitars - Holy Bible drums - super punky weirdness - 'Heyday Of The Blood' (band favourite at the moment) - very Who's Next/Quadrophenia - a useful experiment for the future - "Lady Lazarus" - its C86 time again - an ode to all the great female poets - early Primal Scream with soft vocals + lyrical flow - then a cover version of the great Beat Happening: "Foggy Eyes". A pure and just tribute to a band who were 100% indie. And finally another instrumental "You Know its Going To Hurt" - post rock drums prog rock guitars odd time signatures very strange - so hope you enjoy. As the great woman said 'The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, then you have to put up with the rain' - Dolly Parton".
Music video
The video for the single shot on Super-8 film was directed by Patrick Jones.
Track listing
2 Track CDs single
"Indian Summer" - 3:54
"Anorexic Rodin" - 3:18
Maxi CD single
"Indian Summer" - 3:57
"Heyday of the Blood" - 2:44
"Foggy Eyes" (Beat Happening cover) - 2:53
"Lady Lazarus" - 4:09 (featuring lead vocals by Nicky Wire)
7" Limited edition
"Indian Summer" - 3:54
"You Know It's Going to Hurt" - 2:51 (instrumental)
Digital download
"Indian Summer" - 3:54
"Indian Summer" (Demo Version) - 3:49
Promo CD
"Indian Summer" - 3:58
"Indian Summer" (Instrumental) - 3:56
When purchased as a bundle (2 Track CD Single, Maxi CD Single and 7" Limited Edition), the single included a set of four postcards featuring artwork by Valerie Phillips, with quotes on the reverse. One postcard per bundle was signed by the band.
Charts
References
2007 singles
Manic Street Preachers songs
Song recordings produced by Dave Eringa
Songs written by Nicky Wire
Songs written by James Dean Bradfield
Songs written by Sean Moore (musician)
2007 songs
Columbia Records singles
Pope John XXIII () created 52 cardinals in five consistories. Beginning at his first consistory, he expanded the size of the College beyond the limit of seventy established in 1586 and on several occasions announced that further increases should be expected. It rose to 88 in January 1961. He named three additional cardinals in pectore, that is, secretly, but did not reveal their names before his death.
In 1962 he initiated the rule that all cardinals should be bishops. He consecrated the twelve non-bishop members of the College himself in April. He created one cardinal who later became pope, Pope Paul VI. His cardinals included the first from Japan, Mexico, the Philippines, Uruguay, and Venezuela; Rugambwa was the first native of Africa.
John's creation of cardinals at annual consistories was a marked departure from the periods of several years that his predecessor Pius XII allowed between consistories and a return to the frequency of earlier in the 20th century.
15 December 1958
Pope John announced the names of 23 new cardinals on 17 November 1958, including 13 Italians, ten of whom held offices in the Roman Curia. Though not as international a group as those named by his predecessor Pius XII, it included the first cardinals from Mexico and Uruguay. This would have increased the number of cardinals to 75, breaking the ceiling of 70 members established by Pope Sixtus V in 1586, but it only reached 74 because Cardinal José María Caro Rodríguez of Chile died before the consistory. When he created these cardinals, 18 of the order of cardinal priests and five cardinal deacons, at a secret consistory on 15 December, John said the increase was necessary to staff church offices properly. Church law had to be waived for the new Cardinal Cicognani to join his brother Gaetano Cicognani, a cardinal since 1953, in the College. On 17 December Pope John gave red birettas and assigned titular churches and deaconries to the twenty of the 23 who were present. Cento, Fietta, and Bueno y Monreal received theirs on 12 March 1959.
14 December 1959
Pope John announced the names of eight new cardinals on 16 November 1959, increasing the size of the College to 79, including 31 Italians. On 14 December 1959, Pius created four cardinal priests and four cardinal deacons, and on 17 December he gave red birettas and titular churches and deaconries to seven of them. He did the same for Marella on 31 March 1960.
28 March 1960
Pope John announced the names of seven new cardinals on 3 March 1960, among them the first Japanese (Doi) and Filipino (Santos) cardinals and the first black cardinal of the modern era (Rugambwa). At the secret consistory on 28 March, he noted the historic significance of their inclusion by addressing them: "Dear and venerable brothers of Tokyo, Manila and Rutabo, please tell your populations that the Pope loves them." He named three additional cardinals in pectore, keeping their identities secret. He created six cardinal priests and one cardinal deacon (Bacci) on that day, and on 31 March gave them all their birettas, six their titles and one his deaconry. Without those not named publicly, this consistory brought the number of cardinals to 85. The Italians numbered 33.
Because Pope John failed to reveal the names of the three cardinals created in pectore before his death, their appointments never took effect.
16 January 1961
On 16 December 1960, Pope John announced the names of four new cardinals, including the first Venezuelan. On 16 January 1961, he created them cardinal priests, and they received their red hats and their titular church assignments on 19 January. Following this consistory there were 88 cardinals, 32 of them Italians.
19 March 1962
Pope John announced the names of ten new cardinals on 17 February 1962. They included an Eastern-rite Catholic, the Syrian-born Coussa, and a new youngest member of the College of Cardinals, Landázuri, aged 48. Pope John created them eight cardinal priests and two cardinal deacons on 19 March and gave eight of them their titles and deaconries on 22 March.· The other two, Panico and Antoniutti, the Apostolic Nuncios to Portugal and Spain, received theirs on 24 May 1962. The consistory on 19 March left the college with 87 cardinals, including thirty Italian, eight French, six Spanish, and five from the United States.
On 19 March Pope John also announced that he would consecrate as bishops the twelve members of the College not yet bishops, including two of the newest cardinals, Browne and Albareda, and a veteran of the Roman Curia Alfredo Ottaviani.
Notes
References
Additional sources
External links
John XXIII
20th-century Catholicism
College of Cardinals
1958 in Christianity
1959 in Christianity
1960 in Christianity
1961 in Christianity
1962 in Christianity
Commodore Errington Ricardo Shurland, is a Barbadian senior military officer. Since September 2021 he has served as Chief of Staff of the Barbados Defence Force.
Early life and education
Shurland attended the Britannia Royal Naval College and United States Army Command and General Staff College and holds a master's degree in Maritime Administration from the World Maritime University.
Military career
Shurland joined the Barbados Defence Force in February 1984. He is a highly decorated officer having been awarded several major honours including the Governor-General's Medal of Honour, Services Medal of Honour, and two Defence Board Commendations.
He has represented Barbados several times at events and other meetings including the International Maritime Organization, the United Nations, and the Inter-American Defense Board. During his time in the military, Shurland has held several appointments including Deputy Chief of Staff and more recently executive director of the Regional Security System.
In August 2021, it was announced that Shurland would be the next Chief of Staff. On 1 September 2021, he assumed the post succeeding Colonel Glyne Sinatra Grannum and became the first coast guard officer to serve in the position.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Graduates of Britannia Royal Naval College
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Parfrey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adam Parfrey (1957–2018), American journalist, editor and publisher
Kevin Parfrey, Canadian rugby player
Patrick Parfrey (born 1950), Canadian physician
Woodrow Parfrey (1922–1984), American film and television actor
See also
Parfrey's Glen, Wisconsin - United States' first natural area, managed by the Devil's Lake State Park
Johann Baptist Großschedl von Aicha (5 February 1577 – 1630s) was a German nobleman, alchemist and esoteric author. The German "von Aicha" is a later supposition from the Latin "ab Aicha" on his publications, which may be related to Aiglsbach in Bavaria and the "Grossehedl von Perckhausen und Aiglspach" nobility, who originally came from Regensburg.
He was born 1577, according to a manuscript of his horoscope extant in the British Museum. where he is also given the title eques romanus (Roman knight) suggesting a knight of the Germanic Holy Roman Empire, or Freiherr, which suggests identification with the family of two Grossschedel brothers, "Gebrüdern Groschedel," of Regensburg, whose elevation to nobility was granted in 1623, and the family's noble status was confirmed to Franz von Großschedl by Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria in 1691.
Another surviving manuscript of his can be found within the Manchester Medical Manuscripts Collection held by special collections at the University of Manchester Library. The manuscript has the reference MMM/23/2/1 and contains elements of a pharmacopoeia as well as references to the role of the zodiac and the works of Paracelsus and Jean Beguin. He also uses the title eques romanus in this manuscript.
Works
Calendarium Naturale Magicum Perpetuum - claiming to incorporate calendars by Tycho Brahe
Proteus Mercurialis Geminus, Exhibens Naturam Metallorum, Frankfurt 1629
Trifolium Hermeticum, oder Hermetisches Kleeblat (on the hermetic cloverleaf) Frankfurt 1629
References
1577 births
German alchemists
1630s deaths
16th-century alchemists
17th-century alchemists
In a Māori tradition ascribed by John White to the Ngāti Hau tribe, Hāhau-whenua is the name of the great fish caught by Māui which became the North Island of New Zealand (In Māori the North Island is known as Te ika-a-Māui, the fish of Māui). When a fish took his hook, Māui said, 'A fish has taken my hook. Perhaps it is the fish called Hāhau-tangaroa ("search for the sea god"), or Hāhau-uru ("search for the west wind"), or Hāhau-whenua ("search for land").' When he pulled the fish up, he saw it was Hāhau-whenua (White 1887:116-117).
References
J. White, The Ancient History of the Maori. Volume II. Government Printer: Wellington, 1887, 116–117.
Māori legendary creatures
Legendary fish
Garrett Batty is an American film director, writer, and producer known for his film The Saratov Approach. He is a graduate of Brigham Young University and a native of Park City, Utah. He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, (LDS Church) and his films are part of Mormon cinema, but with a more general audience. He has written, directed, and produced four full-length films, including Freetown (2015) and Out of Liberty (2019), and will begin work on a fifth in 2020. For Freetown, he was awarded the 2015 Ghana Movie Award for Best Screenplay alongside Melissa Leilani Larson.
Early life and education
As a young boy in Park City, Utah, Batty began making short films. He attended Park City High School and often attended the Sundance Film Festival. In both high school and college, Batty participated in acting, improv comedy, and filmmaking. After serving an LDS mission in New York City, he graduated from Brigham Young University in 2001 with a film degree. He is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Professional career
During his early career in Hollywood, Batty edited TV pilot episodes, trailers, and DVDs. He often worked with LDS film companies such as Excel Entertainment and Halestorm Entertainment. He later moved to Utah, where he and his wife adopted three children. He was inspired by LDS films such as The Singles Ward, and after moving to Utah, filmed Mormon Messages for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He began a production company, Three Coin Productions, in 1993. His short film "#Pound# 646" was shown at the 2008 LDS Film Festival and later compiled into the Best of LDS Film Festival 2008 DVD. In 2009 he wrote, directed, and produced Scout Camp, a movie about a group of boy scouts starring Shawn Carter and Kirby Heyborne. Batty drew from his own experiences as a boy scout, and the actors who played scoutmasters improvised many of their lines for comedic effect. According to Batty, the film produced enough money to "pay back all of [its] investors."
While continuing to work for the Church, he began working on The Saratov Approach, a film based on the true story of the 1998 kidnapping of LDS missionaries in Saratov, Russia. Batty first heard the story as a college student, and resolved to one day tell it through film. He obtained permission from the men who had been kidnapped, then began working on the script while recovering from heart surgery. It was released on October 9, 2013 and grossed $2.1 million; it was Batty's first theatrical release. According to The Daily Universe, Saratov "shattered all previous LDS movie records." After Saratov's success, Batty released another film documenting a true story about LDS missionaries, Freetown, in 2015. Filmed in six weeks in Ghana, it depicts the missionaries' struggles during the First Liberian Civil War. Batty worked alongside screenwriter Melissa Leilani Larson on Freetown, for which they were awarded the 2015 Ghana Movie Award for Best Screenplay. In 2019, Batty directed, wrote, and produced Out of Liberty, a drama western about the imprisonment of Joseph Smith, told from lesser-known jailer Samuel Tillery's perspective. It grossed $265,279. According to the Daily Herald, Batty will begin filming a movie about missionaries in the Philippines in 2020.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
Winner of the 2014 Filmed in Utah Award for Best Screenplay (The Saratov Approach)
Winner of the 2014 Filmed in Utah Award for Best Director (The Saratov Approach)
Winner of the 2014 Filmed in Utah Award for Best Feature Film (The Saratov Approach)
Winner of the 2015 Ghana Movie Award for Best Screenplay (Freetown, with Melissa Leilani Larson)
Nominated for the 2015 Ghana Movie Award for Directing (Freetown)
Nominated for the 2015 Ghana Movie Award for Best Picture (Freetown)
Finalist for the 2015 AML Award (film category) (Freetown)
Nominated for the 2016 Black Reel Award for Best Foreign Film (Freetown)
Nominated for the 2016 Nigerian Entertainment Award for Best Picture (Non-Nigerian) (Freetown)
Finalist for the 2019 AML Award (narrative-feature-film category) (Out of Liberty)
References
External links
Three Coin Productions website
Latter-day Profiles interview
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Park City, Utah
Brigham Young University alumni
Latter Day Saints from Utah
American film producers
Film directors from Utah
American film editors
Screenwriters from Utah
Harold B. Lee Library-related 21st century articles
Ruth Miller may refer to:
Ruth Kirk (c. 1923–2000), née Miller, New Zealand anti-abortion campaigner
Ruth Miller (artist) (1904–1978), American artist
Ruth Miller (poet) (1919–1969), South African poet
Ruth Miller (actress) (1903–1981), American actress
Ruth Miller (1990s actress) in Thinner
See also
Patsy Ruth Miller (1904–1995), American actress
The 1942 edition of the Sugar Bowl featured the Missouri Tigers and It was played at Tulane Stadium on New Orleans, Louisiana, on Thursday,
Those who watched the game were concerned by the entry of the United States into World War II following the attack on Pearl Harbor, which had occurred less than four weeks earlier. Despite this, the bowl game was played on schedule on New Year's Day 1942.
The game was played in a cold, driving rainstorm. During the first quarter, a blocked Tigers punt, turned back by Fordham tackle Alex Santilli, led to a two-point safety being scored by defensive end Stanley Ritinski. Nearly a touchdown, the referee ruled that the ball was not under control until after Ritinski slid over
As the rain continued, no further points were scored. The final score was Fordham 2, Missouri 0, the lowest possible combined point total for an untied American football game, which stands as a bowl game record for an untied game as of 2020 (there have been four scoreless ties). Fordham also won the game without a single forward pass completion; their total yardage was 137 yards, all gained on the ground.
The radio broadcast of the game was carried by the NBC Blue Network.
Statistics
References
Sugar Bowl
Sugar Bowl
Missouri Tigers football bowl games
Fordham Rams football bowl games
January 1942 sports events
Sugar Bowl
Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājiābād) is a city and capital of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20,264, in 4,719 families.
Hajjiabad is located about 100 km north of Bandar Abbas (capital of Hormozgan Province) and is best known for its citrus products.
Referencesحاجی اباد شهر خرما
پیاروم
Populated places in Hajjiabad County
Cities in Hormozgan Province
The Roman Catholic Church in Gabon is composed of one ecclesiastical province with 4 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Gabon
Ecclesiastical Province of Libreville
Archdiocese of Libreville (1842; diocese 1955; archdiocese 1958)
Diocese of Franceville (1974)
Diocese of Mouila (1958)
Diocese of Oyem (1969)
Diocese of Port-Gentil (2003)
Immediately subject to the Holy See
Vicariate Apostolic of Makokou
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Gabon
Catholic dioceses
Dagpo Rinpoche (born 1932), also known as Bamchoe Rinpoche, is a lama in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition.
Biography
Born in Dhagpo, located in southeastern U-Tsang in Tibet, Dagpo Rinpoche was recognized by the Thirteenth Dalai Lama as the reincarnation of Dagpo Lama Jampel Lhundrup when he was only two years old. At age six, Rinpoche entered Bamchoe Monastery where he first learned to read and write, studying Tibetan Buddhism.
At age thirteen, Dagpo Rinpoche began studying Buddhist philosophy at Dagpo Shedrup Ling. When he was twenty four, he continued his studies at Drepung Monastery.
Throughout his studies, Dagpo Rinpoche had the opportunity to study under many great Buddhist masters such as the Dalai Lama, Ling Rinpoche and Trijang Rinpoche.
In 1959, as the Chinese invaded Tibet, he followed the Dalai Lama into exile in India.
In 1961 he moved to France, where he took up a research and teaching position at INALCO at Sorbonne University in Paris. He started several Buddhist centers, first in France and later in the Netherlands, Switzerland and Asia. He has been particularly active in teaching and reviving Buddhism in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Dagpo Rimpoche is considered a reincarnation of the 10th century Buddhist master Dharmakīrtiśrī (Tibetan: Serlingpa; Wylie: gser gling pa; Chinese: 金州大師, literally "from Suvarnadvīpa"), also known as Kulānta and Suvarṇadvipi Dharmakīrti, a renowned 10th century Buddhist teacher in Sumatra (Indonesia). In Tibetan Buddhism, Serlingpa is remembered as a key teacher of Atiśa, an 11th century Bengal teacher who is a responsible for a major transmission of Buddhism to Tibet.
Quotes
See also
References
External links
The Star (Malaysia), March 12, 2007, "Tibetan Spiritual Master Releases New Book"
Institute Ganden Ling
Guru's Feet
Lho Gyu Shertchine Ling
Dagpo Rinpoche's Pathway to Happiness
“Is Buddhism Still Relevant in the 21st Century?”
Canada Tibet Committee
1932 births
Living people
Lamas from Tibet
Buddhist monks from Tibet
French people of Tibetan descent
Dagpo Rinpoche
20th-century lamas
21st-century lamas
Switch is a 2007 Norwegian snowboard film. The main actors are Sebastian Stigar, Ida Elise Broch, Peter Stormare and Hilde Lyrån. The film was nominated to an Amanda for the best youth film, but ended up at second place, beaten by Mannen som elsket Yngve (The man who loved Yngve).
References
External links
2007 films
Norwegian sports films
2000s Norwegian-language films
2000s action films
2007 drama films
2000s sports films
Jorge Toriello Garrido (23 April 1908 – 16 June 1998) was one of the three leaders of the first government that ruled Guatemala from 20 October 1944 to 15 March 1945 as part of the October Revolution. Toriello Garrido, a civilian, led the government along with Captain Jacobo Arbenz Guzmán and Major Francisco Javier Arana after overthrowing the military regime of Juan Federico Ponce Vaides, who had temporarily taken over from ousted dictator Jorge Ubico. He was the Minister of Finance in 1945.
References
1908 births
1998 deaths
Presidents of Guatemala
Finance ministers of Guatemala
People from Guatemala City
Gogarth railway station served a sparsely populated area on the north shore of the Dyfi estuary in the Welsh county of Merionethshire.
History
Opened by the Great Western Railway on 9 July 1923 and originally named Gogarth Halt, it had a short wooden platform with no shelter. The station passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. Renamed Gogarth on 6 May 1968, it was officially closed by the British Railways Board on 30 September 1985, the last train having stopped on 14 May 1984.
The site today
Trains on the Cambrian Line pass the site of the former halt but there is no trace of its existence. Only the access path leading from a lay-by on the A493 road exists.
Notes
References
External links
Station on navigable O. S. map
Disused railway stations in Ceredigion
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1923
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1985
1923 establishments in Wales
Bay Road is a north-south road in southeastern Massachusetts. The road is in parts a very old road, dating to colonial times, when it was known as the King's Highway.
Two sections of the road, a portion in Easton (Foundry Street to the Norton town line) and the entire segment in Norton, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Norton section is listed as "Old Bay Road", while that in Easton is listed as "Bay Road". Some of the oldest houses in the region are found along the street, for example the Joseph White House in Norton, which may have been built as early as 1696 by one of the original colonial landowners of the area.
Route
Bay Road begins at the town line of Canton and Sharon, Norfolk County just north of an intersection with Route 27 at Cobb Corner and ends in Taunton as Bay Street. The road heads south along the Sharon side of the Sharon/Stoughton town line in Norfolk County.
The road enters Bristol County in the town of Easton. Bay Road runs along the east side of Borderland State Park and passes through the intersection of Routes 106 and 123 in the neighborhood of Five Corners. The road then enters into the town of Norton. There, Bay Road runs along the eastern shore of Winnecunnet Pond just before entering the Taunton neighborhood of North Taunton, where Bay Road becomes Bay Street, and intersects Interstate 495.
The street runs alongside Lake Sabbatia and Watson Pond State Park. It then enters the Whittenton section and terminates at Broadway (Route 138).
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Roads in Massachusetts
Transportation in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Transportation in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Historic districts in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Easton, Massachusetts
Norton, Massachusetts
Canton, Massachusetts
Sharon, Massachusetts
Taunton, Massachusetts
Aaron "Okey" Geffin (28 May 1921 – 16 October 2004) was a South African rugby union player.
He is sometimes considered the greatest Jewish rugby player of all time, and he was inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1998.
Geffin's handprints and boot prints are displayed in the New Zealand National Rugby Museum in tribute to his 1949 kicking record.
Nickname
The origin of his nickname "Okey" is unknown. His father was a Russian immigrant, and his first name was left blank on his birth certificate. While a POW, his nickname was "Ox".
Biography
Geffin was born near to Ellis Park rugby stadium in Johannesburg, to a Jewish family of Russian origins.
Geffin fought in World War II and was captured at Tobruk as a POW, and trained while incarcerated. While in Stalag XX-A near Thorn (Toruń) in occupied Poland, he met Bill Payn, a former Springbok, and they helped arrange an "international test" against a New Zealand POW XV.
"We used to scrum for hours on end, and he coached me. Payn arranged rugby games in camp: South Africa against the New Zealanders. Our gear was dyed underpants and vests, but no boots. We played barefoot. Payn encouraged my development and told me I would be a Springbok if I continued to play after the war."
He spent three years in POW camps in Italy and Germany, as well as Poland, where he practised his kicking barefoot near a mass grave of Polish victims of the Nazis.
Geffin was one of the few prop forwards in the game to kick for goal. The Springboks won ten matches in a row, including a 4–0 whitewash of New Zealand on their 1949 tour to South Africa. Prop Okey Geffin helped kick the Springboks to victory—they won all four Tests despite the All Blacks scoring more tries in three of them. When writing about the 1949 series against the All Blacks, Harding and Williams wrote: "(Okey) Geffin won the series, perhaps, but Muller made it possible." He had been taught his kicking by Springbok Freddy Turner before the war.
To the rugby commentator, Bill McLaren, Geffin's play was stunning:
"The defeat which sticks in the memory is that 0–44 thrashing from the South Africans at Murrayfield on 24 November 1951. They were just awesome. It was like sevens played by fifteen men. I had never seen anything quite like them. I had never seen a prop forward run as fast as Chris Koch, had never seen as huge a man as 'Okey' Geffin kick goals...
"At Murrayfield the massive Geffin thumped over seven goals in nine attempts from all over the pitch, with the old fashioned style of having the ball sloping towards the goal and with a dead run up."
Okey Geffin was capped only seven times for South Africa. His first match was on 16 July 1949, against the All Blacks. His last match was on 22 December 1951 against Wales.
He was a building contractor by occupation.
Statistics
7 test matches with South Africa
Caps by year: 4 in 1949, 3 in 1951
See also
List of select Jewish rugby union players
References
Encyclopedia Judaica, Second Edition, volume 19, p146
Goodwin, Terry The Complete Who's Who of International Rugby (Blandford Press, England, 1987, )
External links
Okey goal-kicker, remarkable man (TVNZ)
Jewish Sports: Okey Geffin
Letter from Cape Town
Book review: The Glory of the Game, about the Ten Jewish Springboks.
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Jewish rugby union players
South African Jews
Rugby union players from Johannesburg
2004 deaths
1921 births
South African people of Russian-Jewish descent
South African military personnel of World War II
Rugby union forwards
Golden Lions players
Breach Candy Hospital is a private hospital located in Mumbai, India. It is located in the Breach Candy area of South Mumbai. It is well known for the rich and famous patients that have been in the hospital.
History
It was established in 1950 at the upmarket Breach Candy area in South Mumbai, and designed by an English architect Claude Batley.
It started functioning as a 25-bed nursing home. Today, BCH is a multi-specialty hospital with over 220 beds.
The hospital's specialists include some of the most distinguished names in the Indian medical profession.
Before 2005, the Pirojsha Godrej Foundation funded a wing of the hospital known as the Pirojsha Godrej Wing.
Services
Breach Candy Hospital is managed by the Breach Candy Hospital Trust. It provides the following services:
Anesthesiology
Bariatric services
Blood bank
Cardiology and thoracic surgery
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Ear, nose and throat
General surgery
Gynecology
Hematology
Neurology
Oncology
Opthomalogy
Pediatric surgery
Plastic surgery
Psychiatry
Radiology
Rheumatology
Sleep laboratory
Urology
Vascular surgery
BCH is a leader in interventional cardiology.
Notable patients
The following notable and famous persons were patients at Breach Candy hospital:
Former Prime Minister of India, Atal Bihari Vajpayee underwent a knee surgery at the hospital in 2000, when he was in office.
Dhirubhai Ambani, who was admitted to the hospital, breathed his last on 6 July 2002 after a major stroke.
Vilasrao Deshmukh, a former Chief Minister of Maharashtra, was admitted to the hospital in the first week of August 2012. He was diagnosed with both liver and kidney failure. He was later taken to Global Hospital in Chennai, where he died on 14 August 2012.
Socialite and philanthropist Parmeshwar Godrej died on 11 October 2016 due to a lung ailment at the hospital.
Singer Lata Mangeshkar died on 6 February 2022, after a long battle with COVID-19 and pneumonia. She was admitted on 8 January 2022.
Indian cricketer Virat Kohli and actress Anushka Sharma's daughter Vamika Kohli was born on 11 January 2021.
Actress Sara Ali Khan was born on August 12, 1995.
Indian actor Akshay Kumar and former actress Twinkle Khanna's daughter Nitara was born on 25 September 2012
Indian actor Ajay Devgn and actress Kajol's daughter Nysa was born on April 20, 2003.
Indian billionaire and business magnate, stock trader and investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala died on August 14, 2022.
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1950
Hospitals in Mumbai
Private hospitals in India
1950 establishments in Bombay State
Lucayan National Park is a national park in Grand Bahama, the Bahamas. The park was established in 1982 and has a land area of , and in total. The park contains an underwater cave system with of charted tunnels.
Flora and fauna
Prior to the creation of the park, the area was the site of the discovery of the Remipedia class of crustaceans, in the late 1970s. The park is also an Important Bird Area, providing habitat for the thick-billed vireo, Bahama swallow and the olive-capped warbler, among others.
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Grand Bahama
The 1971 Barking Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Barking London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
96 Candidates across 6 parties ran.
Labour was the only party that ran a full slate of candidates.
Results
Labour comfortably maintained its majority. The Conservatives lost all 13 of its councillors to Labour whilst the Residents Association held all 4 of its Councillors.
Labour won 45 councillors to the Residents Association 4.
Results by ward
Abbey
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Fanshawe
Gascoigne
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
River
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1971 and 1974
Chadwell Heath
Gascoigne
River
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Tallinn Ballet School () is ballet school in Tallinn, Estonia. It is the only educational institution for professional ballet dancers in Estonia. The head teacher of school is Kaie Kõrb.
The school was established in 1946.
As of 2020, there are studying about 100 dancers.
Studying period lasts 8 years.
References
External links
Schools in Tallinn
Ballet schools
Ballet in Estonia
Stackhouse (sometimes written as Stack House), is a hamlet near to Giggleswick on the western bank of the River Ribble in North Yorkshire, England.
History
Stackhouse lies on the western side of the River Ribble in north Ribblesdale, opposite Langcliffe, and north of Giggleswick. The hamlet is located on the road from Settle to Helwith Bridge via Knight Stainforth. The hamlet is mentioned in the Domesday Book as belonging to Roger de Poitu, though with no resident population. The hamlet was listed as having nearly , and later came under the possession of Furness Abbey . The hamlet has been recorded across the centuries as: Stacuse (1086), Stachus (1285), Stacho(u)ssum, Stakho(u)ssum (1150–70), and Stackhowse (1592). The name derives from Old Norse meaning "the house near, or for, ricks." Sometimes the hamlet's name is written out as Stack House.
The hamlet was previously in the Township of Giggleswick (along with another hamlet called Rome), and in the wapentake of Staincliffe in the West Riding of Yorkshire. The hamlet is now in the civil parish of Giggleswick, in North Yorkshire. James Carr, who came from the hamlet, was a priest at the church in Giggleswick (St Alkelda) and also later founded Giggleswick School. Some of the houses in the village were built for the cotton workers of Langcliffe Mill (opened in 1783) on the opposite bank of the river to Stackhouse, but connected by a bridge.
Both the Ribble Way and Dales High Way long-distance paths run through the hamlet. The village is also on National Cycle Route 68 (The Pennine Cycleway). A footbridge connects the hamlet over the Ribble with Langcliffe on the eastern bank. The footbridge was swept away in a storm of 1953, but was replaced soon afterwards. To the north west of the village, following the route of the footpath to Feizor, several Bronze Age ring cairns are located on the moor. One was excavated in the 19th century revealing human bones and ivory discs.
References
Sources
External links
Stackhouse on GetOutside
Villages in North Yorkshire
Craven District
Ballylanders () is a village in south County Limerick, Ireland. It is situated on the R513 Mitchelstown-Limerick regional road, being approximately from the former and from the latter. The 2016 census recorded a population of 308 people.
Name
Historically the name translates as "de Londra's town" and is most likely of Norman origin and referring to a popular Anglo-Norman derived family surname of "Landers" or alternatively "de Londra" can give its translation as "Town of the Londoner".
Amenities
There is a holy well close to the village which is the focal point of the Pattern day, held annually on 15 August, this is one of the major such fair days in the locality. In 2011 The Wolfe Tones performed in the marquee during the pattern festival.
The present-day Catholic parish church is of a modern circular design. The first church in the village was a Church of Ireland church, dated to the 19th century, is still in existence today as a private dwelling house. The arches of the church are still visible from the inside and are preserved for aesthetic value.
Griston Bog, on the west side of the village, is a nature reserve and bird sanctuary which is home to birds, insects and plants.
Sports
The local Gaelic Athletic Association club, Ballylanders GAA, won the Limerick Senior Football Championship in 1917, 1999, 2007 and 2014.
A Ballylanders Ladies' Gaelic Football Association (LGFA) club was established in 2000. Since then, the club has grown and fields teams at underage levels and two adult teams. The LGFA club were Junior Champions in 2010, Intermediate Champions in 2014 and Senior Champions in 2015, 2016 and 2017.
Ballylanders Soccer Club was established in 1987 and caters for boys and girls of varying age groups. The club has over 200 registered members, and purchased its own grounds in 1992. The facility comprises a clubhouse, two full-size playing pitches, a full-size floodlit training pitch, and includes an amenity walk around the perimeter which is planting with 250 native trees.
Services
There is a local transport service in the locality known as Ballyhoura Travel.
Notable people
John Crowley (1891-1942) was an Irish revolutionary and hunger striker, holding the Guinness World Record for the longest hunger strike in history - 94 days. Together with his brother and several prisoners, Crowley's strike was in sympathy with that of the Lord Mayor of Cork, Terence MacSwiney, imprisoned in Brixton Gaol, who died there on hunger strike in 1920.
Peter William Crowley (1900-1963) was an Irish revolutionary and hunger striker who took part in the same hunger strike as his elder brother John.
Tadhg Crowley (1890-1970) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick constituency at the June 1927 general election.
Frank Dineen (1862–1916) was an athlete of the early 1880s who later became the only person to ever hold both posts of president (1885–1898) and Secretary (1898–1901) of the Gaelic Athletic Association. In 1907, he fronted the purchase of the Croke Park site out of his own personal finances.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Limerick
Holy wells in Ireland
The Danish Navy Air Squadron (), was the aerial component of the Danish navy, from 1977 to December 31, 2010. Operationally it was directly under command of the Danish Naval Command, but maintenance of the eight Westland Lynx helicopters and training of personnel was in cooperation with the air force. The helicopters were used primarily for fishery patrol, shipboard support and coastal Search & Rescue (SAR) missions.
The tasks and hardware have now been transferred to the air force as Eskadrille 723 (Squadron 723).
History
The squadron was originally a flight in the air force eskadrille 722 (722nd Squadron) when the first Alouette III helicopter was received in 1962. In 1977 the flight was made into a unit of its own and became a part of the navy, under the name Søværnets Flyvetjeneste (The Naval Air Service).
In 1980-1982 the eight Alouette helicopters were replaced with the new Westland Lynx helicopters.
In 2000 it was decided that Søværnets Flyvetjeneste should be transferred to the air force as a squadron (728th Squadron) and put under operational command of the air force command along with the Army Air Corps (Hærens Flyvetjeneste), but for a political reason only the army units were transferred to the air force (as 724th Squadron). At the same time, all the Danish helicopter units were also to move physically from Værløse Air Station and Vandel Air Station to Karup Air Station. The total number of helicopters in the air force would have been 8 Sikorsky S-61A, 13 Eurocopter AS550C2 Fennec, 16 Hughes H-500C Cayuse and 8 Westland Lynx Mk.90B as well as 14 AgustaWestland EH-101 Merlin under purchase - a grand total of 59 helicopters. International obligations didn't allow for the Danish air force to possess so many helicopters. Because of that the Naval Air Service was transformed into the Naval Air Squadron on 1 January 2004.
A Danish navy helicopter foiled a pirate attack off Somali coast, 28 August 2010.
Historical equipment
Organisation
Order of Battle on 31 December 2010, the day it was disbanded:
Bases
Vaerlose (ICAO code: EKVL)
Vaerlose is located northwest of Copenhagen, only about 20 km from the city centre. It was originally constructed as an army camp in 1910 and rebuild as a military airfield in the 1930s. After WW2 RDAF operations were resumed, principally with transport aircraft. It became the main base of the Naval Air Service in 1962. On 1 April 2004 the airfield was closed as a military base, due to military budget cuts, and handed over to civilian use in October 2008.
Runway data: Location: N55° 46' 3" E012° 20' 36", Elev: 58 ft (18 m), Rwy 28/10, Size: 8061 x 150 ft (2457 x 46 m).
Karup (ICAO: EKKA)
Karup is located between Herning and Viborg in central Denmark. It is a dual civil-military airport. It was originally built by the Germans in WW2 as Fliegerhorst Grove, and taken over by the RDAF post war. Since 2004 it has been the main helicopter base for the Danish Defence.
Runway data: Location: N56° 17' 50.85" E009° 07' 28.66", Elev: 170 ft (52 m), Rwy 04/22, Size: 2936 x 50 ft (895 x 15 m), Rwy 09/27, Size: 2789 x 197 ft (850 x 60 m), Rwy 09R/27L, Size: 9607 x 150 ft (2928 x 46 m), Rwy 09L/27R, Size: 9816 x 75 ft (2992 x 23 m), Rwy 14/32, Size: 2296 x 60 ft (700 x 18 m).
Future plans
The Westland Super Lynx is in the process of being replaced with a new helicopter. Danish Defence Acquisition and Logistics Organization has placed an order for the Sikorsky Seahawk MH60-R
References and external sources
Artikel om Søværnets Flyvetjeneste (2000)
Royal Danish Navy
Danish Air Force squadrons
The South Ayrshire by-election of 19 March 1970 was held after the death of Labour Member of Parliament (MP) Emrys Hughes on 18 October 1969. The seat was retained by the Labour Party.
In what was a fairly common occurrence at the time the Scottish Liberal Party did not run a candidate for the by-election. However, in this case the move had been in part instigated by former party leader Jo Grimond who had privately mooted the idea of an electoral pact with the Scottish National Party. Whilst Grimond's idea was rejected by the Scottish Liberal Party as they opposed Scottish independence they did nonetheless agree to give the SNP a free run in this instance.
The SNP had not contested the seat in the past, but during the campaign predicted that the result would be a "photo-finish" between their candidate and the Labour candidate. Both the Conservatives and Labour made complaints to the police about illegal posting of SNP posters during the campaign, while on polling day an incident involving an SNP and a Labour official led to the former making a police complaint.
Marion McCutcheon who turned 18 the day before the election was at the time the youngest person to have voted at a parliamentary election in Scotland.
Result
They day after the election, but before the votes were counted, The Glasgow Herald reported that the Labour Party candidate seemed "certain to win the seat". After the result was known, the same newspaper's political correspondent, suggested that "so Handsome a victory" for Labour meant Harold Wilson could keep considering the option of calling a general election in the summer.
References
1970 in Scotland
1970s elections in Scotland
Politics of South Ayrshire
1970 elections in the United Kingdom
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Scottish constituencies
20th century in South Ayrshire
The N Crowd is a short form improv comedy troupe that has been performing weekly since April 2005. The troupes membership has fluctuated between 14 and 6 over the last 2 years. Currently there are 10 members performing weekly in Philadelphia. The troupe has received positive reviews in the Philadelphia Weekly,the Philly Style Magazine, and The City Paper. Interviews of N Crowd members have appeared in The Philly Metro and Phillyst.com.
Formation Of The Troupe
In February 2005 Ray Reese and Emily Dufton held auditions to form a new improv comedy troupe, The N Crowd. Originally there were 14 performers cast in the group. However, after 2 months of rehearsal, the cast slimmed down to 9 cast members. They included Jessica Snow, Akshay Sateesh, Brandon Libby, Kennedy Allen, Steve Cohen, Mike Connor, B.J. Ellis, Ray Reese, and Jackie Danziger.
Performances were first held in April 2005 at a martial arts studio located at 213 North 3rd Street in the Old City part of Philadelphia, PA. On an irregular basis, special guests would open up the show. These included other improv groups in Philadelphia or even musical guests. The N Crowd performed on a raised wooden stage hand built by members of the troupe. Every week the stage would be disassembled into four parts and stored until the following week.
During The N Crowd's run at this location, the troupe performed at Fergies Pub, The Troc, several fundraisers
, and also participated in the 2005 Philadelphia Fringe Festival. They also were the first troupe to perform at the 1st annual Philadelphia Improv Festival. Because of the troupe's unusually large size compared to other troupes in the city, the troupe was able to do “Split Shows.” Half would perform one show somewhere while the other half would simultaneously perform another show at another location.
Society Hill Playhouse
In October 2005, The N Crowd wrapped up its run at 213 New Street. After its now annual Halloween Show, the troupe turned off the lights for the last time at this location. Shows then shifted to the Society Hill Playhouse in the Society Hill section of Philadelphia. Unlike the previous location, this performance space had a lighting system, a permanent stage, a box office, and a small dressing room.
During The N Crowd's run at this location the troupe marked an important milestone. It celebrated its one-year anniversary to a packed house in April 2006. Also during this time a series of regular special guests including The Rare Bird Show, Hypnotoad, ZombieShark, and Industrial Improv. Shows continued to have increased audiences, be it slow. Unfortunately during this time, shows needed to be moved from Fridays to Thursdays. This became a constant struggle as Thursdays were not exactly the prime time for entertainment in Philadelphia.
The Actors Center
In July 2006, The N Crowd was a featured article in the Philadelphia Style magazine and took 1st runner-up in their “Best of Style” contest for that year. (Best Comedy Club and Best Theater Group.) In the article, The N Crowd was quoted to be “Philadelphia's premiere improv troupe.” As a result of publication of that article, the troupe began to perform at various colleges, fundraising, and other events. Also in July, The N Crowd ended its run at Society Hill Playhouse and moved to perform at The Actors Center, located at 257 N. 3rd Street.
Two important and fundamental changes occurred with The N Crowd. Shows at The Actors Center returned to Friday nights and the troupe developed a system of online ticket ordering utilizing Google Checkout. Since August 2006, The N Crowd has had over a dozen sold-out shows and has performed several “Double Features” with two shows being performed in one night. During this open end run of shows at The Actors Center, the troupe celebrated two more important milestones in early 2007: their 100th performance and their 2-year anniversary. Since then The N Crowd has continued to have steady crowds. In August 2007, The N Crowd marked 12 months of shows at The Actors Center making it the longest running N Crowd venue since their founding. In an article by the Philadelphia MetroThe N Crowd has been keeping "Philly funny
" and "following improv wherever it leads." With a small picture of The N Crowd on the front page, this marked the first time the troupe has made the front page of a major city newspaper. Starting in August 2007, The N Crowd returned to the Philly Fringe Festival. This marked their second appearance in the festival and has resulted in mentions in Fringe write ups for the Philadelphia Inquirer and the Philadelphia City Paper. Their biggest press coverage for their participation in the Fringe Festival came from the Pottstown Mercury with a full page color photo, a 2-page article, and two additional photos. The article highlighted The N Crowd's participation in the Philly Fringe as well as several other shows in the festival. It also connected locally to Pottstown by featuring member B.J. Ellis, who is from the Pottstown. The article interviewed him on what improv involved mentally and physically while giving some tidbits about The N Crowd in general.
Types of Shows
In any given week, The N Crowd has the following types of shows.
Regular Weekly Show
The most common type of show is a regular weekly show that takes place on Fridays. These shows generally last 90 minutes with no intermission. Up to 18 different improv games are played with six to ten members of The N Crowd. Most shows end with the games A Day in The Life, Super Freeze, or Anti-Freeze.
Double Features
These shows are commonly held on First Friday in Philadelphia. First Friday has grown to be a large monthly event in the area. Art galleries and other stores often have sales and extended hours. On these nights The N Crowd performs two 90 minute shows. Typically these shows are at 8 p.m. and at 10 p.m. Currently, these Double Features are on an irregular schedule, however plans are in the works to make them a regular monthly feature.
Special Guest Shows
Occasionally The N Crowd will invite other improv troupes or stand-up comedians to open up the show. These shows are still typically 90 minutes in length. The special guest will perform for about 30 minutes, while The N Crowd will perform for 60 minutes.
Special guests have included performers from Philly Improv Theater and:
The Rare Bird Show
Industrial Improv
The Ninjas
Lunch Lady Doris
Zombie Shark
The Throng
Whipsuit
Holmes/Maughan
Men About Town
Hypnotoad
Double Special Guest Shows
As the name implies, there are two special guests for these shows. Each special guest and The N Crowd perform for 30 minutes.
Satellite Shows
These shows take place outside the regularly scheduled N Crowd shows. Their length is anywhere from 20 minutes to a full 90-minute show. These shows are typically held in bars, colleges, fundraisers, or as entertainment for conferences.
With North Penn HS
North Penn High School has its own improv troupe, and has had the honor of having its troupe perform onstage with the N Crowd twice in recent years. Both times at what is known as North Penn's "Great Improv Event." The show was a cooperative effort between the two troupes, with members from both groups performing on stage at once.
See also
Improvisational theatre
List of improvisational theatre companies
References
External links
The N Crowd Website
Improvisational troupes
City Academy High School is a charter school in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. The school was created a year after charter school legislation in Minnesota was passed. As a charter school, it operates independently, but is sponsored by the College of St. Catherine. On September 7, 1992, City Academy became the first charter school in the United States to open.
City Academy operates in a variety of buildings in Saint Paul. The majority of classes are held at a local recreation center in Saint Paul. City Academy enrolls students 15–21 years of age who have previously dropped out of school or are not currently attending school. The school was created to aid students in at-risk demographics.
History
In 1991 Minnesota became the first state in the United States to pass legislation that allowed charter schools. Several proposals for schools were quickly proposed, including City Academy. The school was the third charter school approved by the Minnesota Department of Education, but the first to open. The proposal won support from mayor James Scheibel, several neighborhood parents, and Northern States Power Company. However the charter school received opposition from the Saint Paul Federation of Teachers.
Milo Cutter (teacher), Barron Chapman (recreation leader), and Terry Kraabel (teacher) were the three people who started the school. The initial proposal for the school was designed for students who have dropped out of school. The school was also designed for students whose homes were wracked by poverty or substance abuse. The proposal included having the students do things such as building homes for Habitat for Humanity, learning art at local pottery studios, and studying biology at local nature centers. The proposal allowed students to work toward their high school diploma or try to get back into a more traditional high school.
The proposal was to serve 30 Saint Paul students ages 13 to 19 who have dropped out of school or are at risk for dropping out. Since then, the school has expanded, but is kept small to keep small class sizes.
Northern States Power eventually donated computers to the school and provided $30,000 in startup money. The predicted annual budget was $200,000. The school received about $120,000 in state education funding, the remainder coming from fundraising efforts. City Academy was modeled after a program called Power League a year before. Plans are for the year-round school to open in August, said Milo Cutter, Power League director. In addition to offering classes in academic subjects, the program offers support groups, counseling, individualized case management, job skills training, community service, and recreational activities. On September 7, 1992, City Academy became the first charter school in the United States to open.
Operation
For $302 a month, City Academy rents space from the city of Saint Paul in the Wilder Recreation Center, a bunkerlike East Side building constructed in 1941. Classes run from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and are offered year-round. In 1996, the school's annual operating budget was $320,000.
Students often remodel East Side houses on weekends and after school.
City Academy was originally sponsored by Saint Paul Public Schools but has been sponsored by St. Catherine since 1999. City Academy has been sponsored by the College of St. Catherine in Saint Paul since the 1999–2000 school year. The school is accredited by the North Central Accreditation Association. The main site of the school is at the Wilder Recreation Center, but classes are held in other areas such as recreation centers. Of the seven members of the charter board, two of them are from the community.
Programs
City Academy has participated in a program called Youthbuild since 1993. This national nonprofit organization supports 200 local programs that help young people work toward their high school diplomas while learning construction skills by building affordable housing for low-income and homeless people.
Students are given the home phone numbers of teachers and encouraged to call them for help after regular school hours. Students who are enrolled full-time spend three hours a day in classroom learning and three hours on a job site. The school features four days of interdisciplinary courses and electives a week; students spend the fifth day in the community doing other educational activities.
Student body
In the sponsorship charter with the College of St. Catherine, City Academy's "...target population [is] primarily 15–21 year old students who are currently unenrolled, underprepared, and at risk for dropping out." 90.4% of students are minorities, and 86% of the student body qualifies for free or reduced lunch. Before attending City Academy, over 90% of students did not currently attend a school. Some students even enroll after being released from juvenile correctional facilities. There are no grade distinctions based on the number of school years completed. Once students complete the graduation requirements of the school, they graduate.
Success
86% of students of the students had not passed the Minnesota Basic Skills Tests (BST) prior to enrollment. Passing BSTs in Writing, Math, and Reading are required to graduate from high school in Minnesota.
A study by the University of Minnesota found that in the 1996–1997 school year "...students (on average) have made at least three years' academic gain in both reading and math."
The school has a 100% Adequate Yearly Progress graduation rate. Other graduation indicators, such as the National Governors Association rate, have lower percentages, such as 52.7% by AYP measure the rate of students who originally enroll eventually graduate. NGA measures the rate of students who graduate in four years. City Academy does not have traditional grade distinctions that are used in the NGA method. During City Academy's first three years of operation, the school graduated 78 students; only 11 students dropped out. Again, most students who enroll have previously dropped out of school.
Impact
Due to being the first charter school in the United States, the school has received a lot of attention in the media. City Academy has been visited by U.S. President Bill Clinton, U.S. Department of Education secretary Richard Riley, and current U.S. senator and then-presidential candidate John Kerry.
In 1999, Milo Cutter, one of the founders of City Academy, was named by Teacher Magazine as one of the ten people who shaped education in the 1990s. Teacher Magazine credited Cutter's work with City Academy with helping launch the charter school movement nationwide. Due to City Academy's success, it has been said that City Academy "...serves as a talisman for the entire charter school movement."
See also
Education in Saint Paul, Minnesota
References
External links
City Academy High School official website
Charter schools in Minnesota
Educational institutions established in 1992
High schools in Saint Paul, Minnesota
Public high schools in Minnesota
1992 establishments in Minnesota
The BMC Racing Cup is a multi-round mountain bike racing series with different venues in Switzerland. The discipline in which national and international riders compete is the Olympic Cross-country (XCO).
In 2014 Lenzerheide hosted one of the races of the BMC Racing Cup, and the same track was used again for the third round of the 2015 UCI Mountain Bike World Cup.
Calendar
Dates and venues from 2009 to 2015 are:
2009 season
Round #1 Lugano - Tesserete (April 18).
Round #2 Solothurn (May 9).
Round #3 Gränichen (June 7).
Round #4 Winterthur (June 21).
Round #5 Engelberg - Titlis (June 28).
Round #6 Plaffeien (July 19).
Round #7 Bern (August 9).
Round #8 Muttenz (August 23).
2010 season
Round #1 Buchs (March 28).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 11).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 8).
Round #4 Plaffeien (May 30).
Round #5 Champéry (June 6).
Round #6 Engelberg - Titlis (June 20).
Round #7 Flims (July 3).
Round #8 Muttenz (August 22).
2011 season
Round #1 Schaan (March 27).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 10).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 7).
Round #4 Gränichen (June 5).
Round #5 Engelberg - Titlis (June 12).
Round #6 Chur (June 26).
Round #7 Muttenz (August 28).
2012 season
Round #1 Buchs (April 1).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 22).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 5).
Round #4 Gränichen (June 17).
Round #5 Davos (July 15).
Round #6 Basel - Muttenz (August 26).
2013 season
Round #1 Schaan (April 7).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 14).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 4).
Round #4 Gränichen (June 9).
Round #5 Davos (August 4).
Round #6 Basel - Muttenz (August 24).
2014 season
Round #1 Buchs (March 23).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 6).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 10).
Round #4 Gränichen (June 15).
Round #5 Montsevelier (July 6).
Round #6 Lenzerheide (July 13).
Round #7 Basel - Muttenz (August 17).
2015 season
Round #1 Schaan (April 12).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 26).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 9).
Round #4 Gränichen (June 7).
Round #5 Yverdon (June 28).
Round #6 Montsevelier (July 12).
Round #7 Basel - Muttenz (August 16).
Highlights
2013 Season on YouTube
Round #1 Schaan (April 7).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 14).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 4).
Round #4 Gränichen (June 9).
Men Elite
Women Elite
Round #5 Davos (August 4).
Round #6 Basel - Muttenz (August 24).
Men Elite
Women Elite
2014 Season on YouTube
Round #1 Buchs (March 23).
Men Elite
Women Elite
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 6).
Round #3 Solothurn (May 10).
Men Elite
Women Elite
Round #4 Gränichen (June 15).
Men Elite
Women Elite
Round #5 Montsevelier (July 6).
Men Elite
Round #6 Lenzerheide (July 13).
Building the track
Race test
Round #7 Basel - Muttenz (August 17).
Men Elite
Women Elite
2015 Season on YouTube
Round #1 Schaan (April 12).
Round #2 Lugano - Tesserete (April 26).
Men Elite
Women Elite
Round #3 Solothurn (May 9).
Men Elite
Women Elite
Round #4 Gränichen (June 7).
Men Elite
Women Elite
Round #5 Yverdon (June 28).
Men Elite
Round #6 Montsevelier (July 12).
Round #7 Basel - Muttenz (August 16).
References
External links
BMC Racing Cup Homepage
Event-Serie: BMC Racing Cup 2014
Event-Serie: BMC Racing Cup 2015
BMC Racing Cup 2015
Cycle racing series
Mountain biking in Europe
Mountain biking events
Cycle races in Switzerland
Zdeněk Skořepa (born August 10, 1976 in Duchcov) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He was selected by the New Jersey Devils in the 4th round (103rd overall) of the 1994 NHL Entry Draft and played for Kingston Frontenacs, Albany River Rats, Detroit Vipers, 1994–1998, but then returned to the Czech republic to play 1999 onwards for various Czech teams. In the 2011-2012 season he played with SK Kadaň.
References
External links
1976 births
Czech ice hockey forwards
HC Slavia Praha players
Living people
New Jersey Devils draft picks
People from Duchcov
Sportspeople from the Ústí nad Labem Region
Almighty DP is a collaborative Mixtape by hip hop recording artist Chief Keef and producer DP Beats. It was self-released on April 1, 2015. Later in 2015, Keef and DP Beats released a sequel to the project, called Almighty DP 2.
Track listing
All tracks produced by DP Beats.
References
2015 mixtape albums
Chief Keef albums
Self-released albums
The Ayimagonu Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Dofor Traditional Area in the North Tongu District. It is located at a few kilometers east of Juapong in the Volta Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the month of November.
Celebrations
There is a grand durbar of chiefs during the festival. Activities such as pouring of libations and chiefs riding in palanquins in the midst of singing war songs. There are pomp and pageantry activities too. The chiefs also sit in state while their subjects pay homage to them.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
The Trading with the Enemy Act 1939 (2 & 3 Geo 6 c 89) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which makes it a criminal offence to conduct trade with the enemy in wartime, with a penalty of up to seven years' imprisonment. The bill passed rapidly through Parliament in just two days, from 3 to 5 September 1939, and the Act was passed on 5 September 1939, at the beginning of the Second World War. It is still in force.
See also
Trading with the Enemy Act
Trading with the Enemy Act 1914
Daimler Co Ltd v Continental Tyre and Rubber Co (Great Britain) Ltd
References
External links
Hansard
House of Lords 1st and 2nd readings 3 September 1939
House of Commons 1st reading 3 September 1939
House of Commons 2nd reading 4 September 1939
House of Commons committee stage and 3rd reading 5 September 1939
House of Lords 3rd reading 5 September 1939
Royal assent reported in House of Lords 5 September 1939
Royal assent reported in House of Commons 5 September 1939
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1939
English criminal law
United Kingdom in World War II
Emergency laws in the United Kingdom
World War II legislation
The Hackney Community College's Basketball Academy is a basketball programme located in the London Borough of Hackney in the United Kingdom. It was originally designed to engage young people vulnerable to exclusion from education to gain qualifications through engagement with a sport in which they demonstrated talent and potential.
History
The programme was launched in September 2001 following the opening of the College's SPACe Sports Centre in Shoreditch in February that year. Construction of SPACe was funded by Sport England as a Centre of Excellence in basketball and cricket. Following the success of the Football Academy set up by Malcolm Williams in 1996, the College's Sport, Leisure and Tourism team designed the basketball programme. A Cricket Academy Programme was launched along similar lines by the same HCC team in 2002.
An athletics academy was established in 2007. The basketball academy has grown and experienced unprecedented success on court and in developing players aged between 16 and 20 (men and women) from all over London, as well as enhancing their life chances through qualifications gained whilst studying at Hackney College.
Operating in an area recognised historically as a hot-bed of basketball development and talent thanks to the work carried out by Joe White at Homerton House School and Hackney White Heat along with the success of East London Royals Basketball Club and Haringey Angels Women, HCCA coaches Tony Garbelotto (co-founder with Joe White of the London Towers Junior Programme in the 1990s), Solomon Ayinla, Andrea Norton and Sam Stiller have helped develop over 250 players since 2001. Players such as Darius Defoe, Perry Lawson, Serhat Urkut Jeff Danchie and Jean Wakanena have graduated to play professionally for Newcastle Eagles and Plymouth Raiders in the British Basketball League. Eddie Morrison (MK Lions) and Darrell Bethune (Everton Tigers) also went on to play in the BBL in the 2008/09 season. Samuel Toluwase entered the BBL with Essex Pirates (2009/10 season). In 2011/12, Courtney Van Beest joined Worcester Wolves and Albert Margai Guildford Heat. Many others have represented England and Great Britain at junior level and have moved on to US high school/college programmes and British universities.
Programme overview
Academy players train for 2 hours every week-day and play matches on Wednesday afternoons and Friday evenings in a variety of competitions. From an initial fixture list of 25 matches in 2001/02, all Academy teams now play a combined total close to 100 matches per season. In 2008/09, Academy teams played 77 competitive matches in 13 different competitions, winning 6 titles and finishing runners-up in 2. Academy Teams had a 66/11 winning record in 08/09. The programme is fully inclusive. Students who want to learn/improve their basketball skills train alongside the "elite" players. These players form the HCCA B Team and have won the South East Student Sports Association (SESSA) Cups and Premier League for 4 of the last 7 years. In July 2009, HCCA became the only inner-London academy (and one of only 12 nationally, expanding to 20 in 2010) accredited by England Basketball to deliver the AASE programme to talented players from September 2009 onwards.
Achievements
On-court success has been constant over the last ten seasons and unrivalled by any other College Academy Programme in the UK (of which there are now many). HCCA U19 Men went unbeaten in any National competition from 2002 to 2008 and won the British Colleges Sport (BCS) National Championship from 2004 to 2008 (5 years in succession), finishing 3rd in 2009, regaining the title in 2010 and winning both BCS and English Schools (ESBBA) National Academies Cups for the last six years. HCCA Under 19 Women have also won all their equivalent BCS and ESBBA Cups and Championships over the last six years. The HCCA Women also won the World Corporate Games title in Leeds (August 2008). The Senior Men (all under 20) have won the London Metropolitan Basketball League Premier Division Championship for seven out of the last nine years regaining the title in 08/09, retaining it in 2009/10 and defending the title in 2010/11 and 2011/12. HCCA won the LMBL Men's Cup for the first time in 07/08 and became the first team in the history of the LMBL to complete the Premier Division/Cup double in 2011/12. Four HCCA players were selected to represent Great Britain U 20 Men in the European Youth Championships in Romania (August 2008). Not only was this more than from any other single Academy programme, these players were also the only ones to be selected from a British development programme. These players were Darrell Bethune, Ali Fullah, Michael Ochareobia and Orlan Jackman (HCCA 2005/06)
The aggregate total of matches played by HCCA teams between September 2001 and June 2009 is 567 of which 504 were won, a win percentage of 88.9%. A combined total of 92 competitions and tournaments have been entered by HCCA teams over the last 8 full seasons. 66 of these have been won and HCCA have been runner's up in a further 13, an overall success rate of 72%.
HCCA Coach Tony Garbelotto is now Head Coach of Everton Tigers (now Mersey Tigers) and former Lead Assistant Head Coach of the Great Britain national basketball team(men) and led Tigers to the BBL Cup victory beating Plymouth Raiders, BBL Championship and BBL Play-Off runner's up in his first season (2008/09)and winning the BBL Play-Off title in May 2010. He left HCCA to take up the Everton Tigers (now Mersey Tigers) post in April 2008. HCCA Coach Solomon Ayinla is a former pro player (Europe and the UK), Assistant Coach with the Nigerian National team and Head Coach of the London Metropolitan University Basketball Programme (runners-up in the BUCS Championship in 2006 and 2007). Ayinla guided London Met Men from England Basketball Div 4 to Div 1 (2009/10) in consecutive seasons. London Mets won the England Basketball Senior Men's National Trophy in March 2010. This was achieved with teams made up predominately of present players and graduates of the HCCA programme. Well publicised financial difficulties experienced by London Met University in 2010 saw the National League programme disbanded later the same year. Chris Morris was Programme Administrator for HCCA since it was established in 2001 until December 2010. Since December 2017 he has been Manager and Head of Delegation for the Great Britain Men's Basketball Team.
The name "SPACe", home of the HCC Basketball Academy, derives from Sport and Performing Arts Centre. See Hackney Space Centre. Joe White died in December 2002 (aged 39). Malcolm Williams died in May 2006 (aged 68). In October 2006 SPACe sports hall was named in honour of Malcolm Williams, recognition of the work he carried out at Hackney Community College. A plaque commemorating the dedication was unveiled by Lord Sebastian Coe who had been a close friend of Malcolm for many years.
List of titles
Senior Men
London Metropolitan Basketball Premier League Champions 2004,2005,2007,2009,2010,2011,2012
Runner's Up 2008 (Rocco's Raiders), 2006 (Camden Knights)
LMBL Division 1 North Winners 2003 (promoted to Premier Division)
LMBL Cup Winners 2008 (White Heat),2012 (Westminster Warriors)
Runner's Up 2011 (Westminster Warriors),2009 (Rocco's Raiders), 2007 (MacPro), 2005 (White Heat)
SESSA Men's Cup Winners 2002, 2003 (HCCA B), 2004 (Middlesex University), 2005 (Chichester University), 2006 (Kingston University)
Runner's Up 2007, 2008 (LSBU in both years)
SESSA Men's Premier League Champions 2002,2003,2004,2005,2006 (B team)
Runner's Up 2008 and 2009 (University of East London, Milton Keynes Lions Academy)
SESSA Men's Tournament Winners 2002 (Anglia Polytechnic University)
SESSA Men's Div 1 Winners 2004/5, (B Team promoted to Premier League)
Operation Trident Tournament Winners 2010
Under 19 Men's Titles
British Colleges Sport (BCS) National Champions 2004 (East Durham Academy), 2005 (South Notts College), 2006 (Matthew Boulton College), 2007 (Matthew Boulton College), 2008 (Richmond-upon-Thames College Academy), 2010 (Birmingham Met College),2011 (Derby College) 3rd 2009
BCS National Cup Winners 2005 (Middlesbrough College), 2006 (East Durham Academy), 2007 (Filton College Academy)
BCS "Elite" Cup 2008 (Moulton College Academy)1st year of comp. 2010 (Loreto College Academy), 2011 (Loreto College Academy)
BCS National Academy League - South East Divisional Champions 2007,2008 - East Div Champions 2009/10, 2010/11
BCS National Academy League Champions 2009 (Milton Keynes Lions Academy),2010 (Loreto College Academy),3rd 2011 (Loreto)
BCS South East Regional Runner's Up 2002 (Richmond-upon Thames College Academy)
BCS Eastern England Regional Champions - 2003 (Moulton College Academy), 2004 (Cambridge Regional College), 2005 (South East Essex 6th Form College SEEVIC), 2006 (Suffolk Regional College) 2007 (Havering 6th Form College), 2008 (SEEC), 2009 (SEEC), 2010 (SEEVIC)
BCS London Regional Champions 2012
English Schools Basketball Assoc. (ESBBA) National Academy Cup Winners 2005 (Cardinal Newman College Academy, 2006 (Loreto 6th Form College), 2007 (Barking Abbey School Academy), 2008 (Barking Abbey School Academy), 2009 (Barking Abbey School Academy)
England Basketball National Under 19 Schools/College Cup Winners 2010 (Birmingham Met College)1st (and only) year of competition, replacing ESBBA National Academy Cup
Senior Women's Titles
World Corporate Games Champions - 2008 (Leeds Metropolitan University)
Shoreditch Corporate Games Champions - 2008 (BNP ParisBas)
SESSA Women's Premier League Champions - 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 (no competition 2009 onwards)
SESSA Women's Cup Winners -2004, 2005 (Hertfordshire University), 2006 (Kingston University), 2007 (LSBU), 2008 (Kingston University) (no competition 2009 onwards)
Under 19 Women's National Titles
BCS National Champions - 2006 (Bilborough College, Notts), 2007 (Peter Symonds College, Winchester), 2008 (Holy Cross 6th Form College, Bury), 2010 (Tyne Met College),2012(Burnley College). 3rd 2009, 4th 2011
BCS National Cup Winners - 2007 (Moulton College Academy), 2008 (Newcastle College Academy), 2010 (Hartlepool College Academy)
Runner's Up 2006 (Bilborough College), 2009 (Loreto College Academy)
BCS Eastern England Regional Champions - 2004 (Moulton College), 2005 (SEEVIC), 2006 (SEEVIC), 2007 (SEEVIC), 2008 (SEEVIC), 2009 (COLVIC), 2010 (COWA), 2011 (COLVIC)
ESBBA National Academy Cup Winners - 2006 (Moulton College)
Runner's Up - 2007 (Barking Abbey School Academy), 2008 (Barking Abbey School Academy)
References
External links
Hackney Community College Basketball Academy
http://www.tcch.ac.uk/News.aspx?CTRL=2
http://www.hackneygazette.co.uk/content/hackney/gazette/sport
http://www.northantsbasketballclub.net/#/moultoncollegeteams/4529534317
http://www.abbeybasketball.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=74&Itemid=2
http://www.abbeybasketball.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=75&Itemid=2
http://www.cardinalnewman.ac.uk/previous-news.php
http://www.lmbl.net
Sport in the London Borough of Hackney
Education in the London Borough of Hackney
Basketball in London
Hoxton
The 1946–47 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the eighth season of ice hockey in Norway. Nine teams participated in the league, and Mode won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1946–47 in Norwegian ice hockey
Taptong station is a railway station in Taptong-ri, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened on 30 March 1943 along with the rest of the Yŏhaejin–Tongam section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
The 1917–18 season was Stoke's third season in the War-time League.
With the start of World War I, all Football League football was cancelled. In its place were formed War Leagues, based on geographical lines rather than based on previous league placement. Stoke contested the Lancashire Section in the Principal Tournament, and the Lancashire Section Secondary Competition Group B. However, none of these were considered to be competitive football, and thus their records are not recognised by the Football League.
Season review
In the Primary Competition of the Lancashire League Stoke finished in 1st place with 48 points whilst in the Secondary Competition they finished 3rd with 6 points. Stoke were in free scoring form this season amassing 106 goals including a 16–0 win over Blackburn Rovers this was followed up by an 8–1 win over Rovers a week later. Stoke also beat teams 9–0 (Burnley), 7–0 (Oldham), 6–0 (Port Vale). Stoke won the Primary Competition and thus competed in the championship decider against Leeds City over two legs. However Leeds won 2–1. Both matches against Leeds drew impressive crowds and gate receipts totalled £918 which went to the National Footballers' War Fund.
Final league table
Lancashire Section Primary Competition
Lancashire Section Secondary Competition Group B
Results
Stoke's score comes first
Legend
Lancashire Section Primary Competition
Lancashire Section Secondary Competition Group B
Championship Decider
Squad statistics
References
Stoke City F.C. seasons
Stoke
Langnau am Albis is a village in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
History
Langnau am Albis is first mentioned between 1101 and 1150 as Langenow (in a 14th Century copy of the 12th century document). Between 1133 and 1167 it was mentioned as Langenouw.
Geography
Langnau am Albis has an area of . Of this area, 27.7% is used for agricultural purposes, 48.6% is forested, 22.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (1.2%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains). housing and buildings made up 17.1% of the total area, while transportation infrastructure made up the rest (5.4%). Of the total unproductive area, water (streams and lakes) made up 0.6% of the area. 16.6% of the total municipal area was undergoing some type of construction.
It is in the Sihltal valley on the slopes of the Albis mountain range. The area is a rural/suburban community within of the city center of Zürich. Langnau is one of the larger communities in the Canton of Zürich.
Demographics
Langnau am Albis has a population (as of ) of . , 21.7% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. the gender distribution of the population was 49.3% male and 50.7% female. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 7.2%. Most of the population () speaks German (84.8%), with Italian being second most common ( 5.3%) and Albanian being third ( 2.0%).
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the SVP which received 35.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (17.2%), the FDP (16.3%) and the CVP (12.5%).
The age distribution of the population () is 20.8% children and teenagers (0–19 years old), whereas adults (20–64 years old) make up 64.6% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 14.7%. There are 3 schools in the village: Vorder Zelg is the secondary school, and Wolfgraben and Widmer are the two Primary Schools.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Langnau am Albis about 77.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule). There are 2,926 households in Langnau am Albis.
there were 2,333 Catholics and 2,510 Protestants in Langnau am Albis. In the 2000 census, religion was broken down into several smaller categories. From the , 42.8% were some type of Protestant, with 40.1% belonging to the Swiss Reformed Church and 2.7% belonging to other Protestant churches. 34.8% of the population were Catholic. 6.6% belonged to another religion (not listed), 2.6% did not give a religion, and 12.2% were atheist or agnostic.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Weather
Langnau am Albis has an average of 144.6 days of rain per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is June during which time Langnau am Albis receives an average of of precipitation. During the wettest month, there is precipitation for an average of 14 days.
Economy
Today's community boasts a very high standard of living with a very strong school system, plenty of green space, excellent public transportation connecting the surrounding villages and the city of Zürich, a dozen restaurants, 2 hotels, a leading Tennis and Squash Club, an Indoor Swimming Center, the vibrant Football Club Langnau, the Turbine Theater (a small theater in the old turbines of a renovated former textile mill), a public library, and over 45 other clubs and social organizations.
Langnau am Albis has an unemployment rate of 2.43%. , there were 61 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 16 businesses involved in this sector. 305 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 54 businesses in this sector. 851 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 168 businesses in this sector. 38.2% of the working population were employed full-time, and 61.8% were employed part-time.
Points of interest
A major attraction of the town is the Wildpark Langenberg, a zoo in a largely undeveloped location on a wooded hill within the town of Langnau where animals such as the wolf, lynx and ibex can be watched roaming freely. Views of the Cantons Zurich and Zug and the Swiss Alps can be gained from the Hochwachtturm, a 33m tall wooden tower, accessible to the public, located on top of the Albis range about 1.5 km from the Albis pass. Near the town and overlooking Schnabellücken pass are the ruins of Schnabelburg Castle, that was erected in 1150 to guard the road from Zurich to Lucerne (destroyed in 1309).
Transportation
The Langnau-Gattikon railway station is a stop of the Zurich S-Bahn on the line S4 and is a 21-minute ride from Zürich Hauptbahnhof. The Zimmerberg bus line (Zimmerbergbus), provided by the Sihltal Zürich Uetliberg Bahn (SZU), connects the Zimmerberg region and parts of the Sihl Valley.
References
External links
Municipalities of the canton of Zürich
Rose Ogier (born 5 December 1955) is an international lawn bowler from Guernsey.
Bowls career
Ogier won a pairs silver medal (with Lucy Beere), at the 2019 Atlantic Bowls Championships in Cardiff. Also in 2019, she won three gold medals at the European Bowls Championships.
The following year in 2020, Ogier was selected as part of the five woman team by Guernsey for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
In 2022, she competed in the women's pairs at the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
References
Guernsey female bowls players
Living people
1955 births
Bowls European Champions
Todd R. Moore (born ) is a United States Space Force brigadier general who is the deputy commander of the Space Training and Readiness Command.
Education
Lower Merion High School
1995 Bachelor of Science, Business Administration in Finance and Management, University of Delaware, Newark
2001 Master of Business Administration, University of Colorado, Colorado Springs
2002 Squadron Officer School, Maxwell Air Force Base, Ala.
2007 Strategic Policy Intern, Pentagon, Washington D.C.
2013 Master of Arts, National Security and Strategic Studies, United States Naval War College, Newport, R.I.
Assignments
1. May 1996–February 1997, Student, Undergraduate Space & Missile Training, Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif.
2. March 1997–June 1999, Satellite Operator & Operations Engineer, 4th Space Operations Squadron, Schriever
AFB, Colo.
3. July 1999–July 2003, Instructor & Deputy Flight Commander, 534th Training Squadron, Vandenberg AFB, Calif.
4. August 2003–May 2005, Air Force Intern, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Pentagon, Washington D.C.
5. June 2005–June 2007, Flight Commander & Assistant Director of Operations, Data Masked
6. July 2007–June 2008, Executive Officer to the Deputy Director, National Reconnaissance Office, Chantilly, Va.
7. July 2008–May 2010, Operations Officer, 3rd Space Experimentation Squadron, Schriever AFB, Colo.
8. June 2010–June 2012, Squadron Commander, Space Operations Squadron, Aerospace Data Facility, Buckley
AFB, Colo.
9. July 2012–June 2013, Naval War College, Newport R.I.
10. July 2013–May 2014, Chief, Space Branch, Joint Staff J6, Pentagon, Washington D.C.
11. June 2014–June 2015 Deputy Director, Joint Staff Mitigation Oversight Task Force, Washington D.C.
12. July 2015–July 2017, Commander, Air Force Element, RAF, Menwith Hill, England
13. July 2017–July 2019, Commander, 21st Space Wing, Peterson AFB, Colo.
14. July 2019–June 2020, Deputy Director, Space Security and Defense Program
15. June 2020–August 2021, Inspector General, Space Operations Command, Peterson SFB
16. August 2021–present, Deputy Commander, Space Training and Readiness Command, Peterson SFB
Personal life
In June 1999, Moore married Kelly Zachocki.
Awards and decorations
Moore is the recipient of the following awards:
Dates of promotions
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
United States Space Force generals
La Diosa Coronada (The Crowned Goddess) is a Spanish-language telenovela produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo and RTI Colombia.
Telemundo is airing the serial from Monday to Friday about 10 weeks. As with most of its other soap operas, the network broadcasts English subtitles as closed captions on CC3. It will air 10:30 p.m. on Telemundo, sharing 1 hour slot with Donde Esta Elisa. It will occupy the whole slot after Elisa ended. From August 28, 2012 the series aired on Zone Romantica in Central & Eastern Europe.
Background
The story is based on Angie Sanclemente Valencia's involvement in the transportation of cocaine from Argentina to Europe.
Cast
Main
Carolina Guerra as Raquel Santamaria Cruz
Arap Bethke as Genaro Castilblanco
Jonathan Islas as Kevin Avarado
Carolina Gaitán as Valeria
Rodolfo Valdés as Darío
Margarita Reyes as Katya
Carlos Camacho as Roger
Luces Velásquez as Doña Matilde Cruz
Alberto Palacio as Don Neron
Valentina Lizcano as Adelaida Páez
John Mario Rivera as Guzmán
Angeline Moncayo as Zulma
Katherine Porto as Norida Beltrán
Giovanni Galindo as Ernesto / Siniestro
Pedro Falla as Capitán Castro
Recurring
Lincoln Palomeque as Lucas
Diego Narváez Rincón as Kathya's client
Adriana López as Priscila
Mafe Barreto as Sofía
References
External links
2010 telenovelas
2010 American television series debuts
2010 American television series endings
American television series based on telenovelas
Colombian telenovelas
RTI Producciones telenovelas
Telemundo telenovelas
2010 Colombian television series debuts
2010 Colombian television series endings
Spanish-language American telenovelas
John Knightley (died 1415/16), of Chesterton, Warwickshire was an English Member of Parliament for Warwickshire in November 1414.
References
14th-century births
1415 deaths
People from Warwickshire
15th-century English people
English MPs November 1414
Place of birth missing
IA5 or similar may refer to:
Iowa Highway 5, a highway in the southern part of the U.S. state of Iowa
Iowa's 5th congressional district, a congressional district in the U.S. state of Iowa
International Reference Alphabet, formerly International Alphabet No. 5, a character set encoding defined by the International Telecommunication Union
Galaxy 25, formerly Intelsat Americas 5, a medium-powered communications satellite
"Sólo Quédate En Silencio" (English: "Just Stay in Silence'") is the second single released from RBD's debut album Rebelde (2004). The second single was first meant to be "Un Poco De Tu Amor", but due to the heavy rotation of "Sólo Quédate En Silencio", it was chosen as the second single.
Chart performance
The song became RBD's first successful single internationally. The song peaked at number two on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks, as well as number twenty-three (#23) on the U.S. Hot Ringtones chart and number one on the Hot Latin Pop Airplay chart.
The Brazilian version of the song peaked at number 2 on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks.
It received good reviews by critics and gave RBD mainstream radio airplay in the U.S. It was also used to promote the first season of their soap opera Rebelde.
An English version of the song was also recorded in 2006. The song is called "Keep It Down Low" and appears on RBD's first English studio album, Rebels.
The song has a version in Portuguese as well, called "Fique Em Silêncio" (Stay In Silence) and was released as a single in Brazil. This makes the song the only one from RBD, along with "Sálvame", "Tenerte Y Quererte", "Nuestro Amor" and "Dame" to have three versions: in Spanish, English and Portuguese.
In November 2008, "Sólo Quédate En Silencio" is promoted in the Latin-American countries of Argentina and Uruguay, as well as Equatorial Guinea in Africa.
Music video
The video was the second RBD video directed by Pedro Damián. Similar to "Rebelde," it was shot in Desierto de los Leones in Mexico. While the band was shooting the music video for "Rebelde," they shot some additional takes of "Sólo Quédate en Silencio."
The video features the band performing on a famous avenue in Mexico City, extra footage from their radio station concerts, and different scenes of them in various parts of Mexico performing.
Versions
Track listings
Brazilian promotional single (Fique Em Silêncio / Salva-me)
Fique Em Silêncio - 03:37
Salva-me - 03:43
American 2004 single
Sólo Quédate En Silencio - 03:37
Sólo Quédate En Silencio (Edited Remix) - 03:43
International single
Sólo Quédate En Silencio
Fique Em Silêncio
Keep It Down Low
(this single was released along with Rebels (album) in some countries and internet)
All tracks are 3:37.
Release history
Awards
Charts
1: as "Fique em Silêncio", a Brazilian version of the song.
References
2004 singles
2005 singles
RBD songs
Spanish-language songs
Pop ballads
2004 songs
EMI Records singles
Song recordings produced by Armando Ávila
NISO Circulation Interchange Protocol (NCIP) is a protocol that is limited to the exchange of messages between and among computer-based applications to enable them to perform functions necessary to lend and borrow items, to provide controlled access to electronic resources, and to facilitate cooperative management of these functions.
Released in May 2001 and approved on October 17, 2002, ANSI/NISO Z39.83-2002 or NCIP is a "NISO Draft Standard for Trial Use." This protocol defines a repertoire of messages and associated rules of syntax and semantics for use by applications: to perform the functions necessary to lend items; to provide controlled access to electronic resources; and to facilitate co-operative management of these functions. It is intended to address conditions in which the application or applications that initiate the lending of items or control of access must acquire or transmit information about the user, items, and/or access that is essential to successful conclusion of the function.
See also
Standard Interchange Protocol
External links
NCIP Implementation Group
NCIP information at NISO
NCIP information at CoverPages
Library automation
Network protocols
Application layer protocols
Open formats
"Lights and Thunder" is a song by American/Danish glam metal band White Lion and was released as a single in the UK from their 1991 album Mane Attraction. The song charted at No. 95 in the UK.
Background
"Lights and Thunder" was White Lion's longest song, from 1991–2008, an eight-minute heavy rock epic with a complex structure inspired by Led Zeppelin's Achilles Last Stand. In 2008, "Sangre de Cristo", from Return of the Pride became the bands the longest song, with a length of eight minutes and forty-four seconds. The song was one of many songs from the band that addressed social or political issues.
Music video
In 2005 for the White Lion live album "Rocking the USA" a music video was made for the live version of the song which features on the White Lion DVD Bang Your Head Festival 2005.
Track listing
7" single
"Lights and Thunder" - 4:56
"She's Got Everything" - 5:56
12" maxi-single
"Lights and Thunder" (edit)
"Fight to Survive" (live)
"She's Got Everything"
Personnel
Mike Tramp - lead vocals
Vito Bratta - lead guitar
James Lomenzo - bass guitar
Greg D'Angelo - drums
Charts
References
White Lion songs
1991 songs
1991 singles
Song recordings produced by Richie Zito
Songs written by Vito Bratta
Songs written by Mike Tramp
Atlantic Records singles
Ursula "Uschi" Profanter (born March 22, 1968) is an Austrian sprint canoer and marathon canoeist who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade). She won two bronze medals at the 1997 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Dartmouth, earning them in the K-1 500 m and K-1 1000 m events.
Profanter also competed in three Summer Olympics, earning her best finish of fifth in the K-1 500 m event at Barcelona in 1992.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1968 births
Austrian female canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Austria
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in kayak
Sportspeople from Graz
Environmental issues in Turkmenistan are most visible in three significant areas: desertification, the drying of the Aral Sea, and chemical pollution. All three of these areas are directly linked to agricultural practices in the country.
Only the Sahara Desert in Africa has a higher rate of desertification than that of Central Asian deserts. Of these, the Karakum Desert and Kyzyl Kum Desert in Turkmenistan grow by hundreds of thousands of acres annually. These conditions persist due to inefficient agricultural irrigation and cattle grazing practices, which have led to the salinization of soil and the removal of ground cover plants respectively.
Inefficient irrigation techniques on the Amu Darya also contribute to the continued drying of the Aral Sea. Daşoguz Province experiences the most problems due to this drying. Drinking water quality has plummeted, bacteria levels in water have risen, and rates of infant mortality, hepatitis, and illness have risen.
Excessive use of fertilizer on cotton and other crops, as well as the use of pesticides such as DDT causes a large chemical pollution problem. Many fertilizers and pesticides have entered groundwater supplies via leaching or runoff from farms due to excessive or improper use.
6 billion dollars worth of methane, a greenhouse gas which causes climate change, was estimated to leak in 2019/20.
The country is cooperating with the European Union, its member states and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) to reduce and manage the impact of these environmental problems.
References
External links
Turkmenistan Country Study
Issues
Turkmenistan
The white-bellied seedeater (Sporophila leucoptera) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found mainly in Bolivia, Paraguay and eastern Brazil, with smaller numbers in Suriname, southeastern Peru and northern Argentina.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
white-bellied seedeater
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Paraguay
white-bellied seedeater
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Francesco Sarego (born August 1, 1939 in Cologna Veneta) was an Italian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Goroka. He was appointed bishop in 1995. He retired in 2016.
See also
Catholic Church in Poland
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Goroka
People from the Province of Verona
The United States Navy began building a series of battlecruisers in the 1920s, more than a decade after their slower and less heavily armed armored cruisers had been rendered obsolete by the Royal Navy's battlecruisers. Construction of these ships was abandoned under the terms of an armaments limitation treaty, though two were completed as aircraft carriers. The US Navy subsequently ordered six "large cruisers"—which are often considered battlecruisers by historians—in 1940, of which only two entered service.
At first unconvinced of the importance of the superior speed of the British battlecruisers, the US Navy changed its position after evaluating the new type of ship in fleet exercises and Naval War College wargames, and after the Japanese acquisition of four s in the early 1910s. The Secretary of the Navy initially refused the General Board's suggested procurement of several battlecruisers, but fleet exercises revealed that the Navy lacked forces that could effectively find and track an enemy fleet in any weather, and a consensus gradually emerged that battlecruisers would be ideal for this role. Battlecruisers were effective when concentrating their fire on an enemy fleet's leading ships, as the Japanese armored cruisers had done to the Russians at the Battle of Tsushima in 1905. Another role envisioned was tracking down and destroying enemy commerce raiders. British experience during the Battle of the Falkland Islands in late 1914 and the Battle of Dogger Bank the following year, where British battlecruisers caught and destroyed German armored cruisers, confirmed all these capabilities.
When Congress authorized a large naval building program in 1916, six s were included. None were completed before the arms-limiting Washington Naval Treaty was ratified in 1922; four were broken up on the slipway and two were converted into the aircraft carriers Lexington (CV-2)and Saratoga (CV-3). The treaty forestalled any further development of battlecruisers for the next decade and a half, but a number of countries experimented with "cruiser-killer" ships in the late 1930s that were designed to destroy the post-London Naval Treaty heavy cruisers. These designs were formally designated as battlecruisers by the Dutch and Soviets and as large cruisers by the Japanese and Americans, but all were roughly equivalent and all were commonly called battlecruisers. The US Navy's main impetus for the Alaska class was the threat posed by Japanese cruisers raiding its lines of communication in the event of war. Heavy cruisers were also the most likely surface threat to aircraft carriers making independent raids, so a cruiser-killer was also an ideal carrier escort. Reports of a Japanese equivalent reinforced the Navy's desire for these ships. Two were commissioned in time to serve during the last year of World War II, but were decommissioned two years after the war.
Key
Lexington class
The design of the Lexington-class battlecruisers was approved on 30 June 1916 and six were planned as part of the massive 1916 building program, but their construction was repeatedly postponed in favor of escort ships and anti-submarine vessels. The original design mounted ten and sixteen guns on a lightly armored hull with a maximum speed of . The General Board regarded the design's firepower as inadequate and took the opportunity offered by the postponement to order a redesign to improve the ships' armament to include eight and sixteen guns. After the Americans entered World War I in April 1917, the Royal Navy furnished more information from its analyses of the Battle of Jutland, in which three British battlecruisers were destroyed by magazine explosions, and provided detailed information on the heavily armored design of the s then under construction. The General Board then re-evaluated the design and greatly increased the armor protection, at the cost of reducing the maximum speed to . Anti-torpedo bulges, additional torpedo bulkheads and a general increase in armor thicknesses increased the design's beam by and increased its displacement by over .
While four of the ships were eventually cancelled and scrapped on their slipways to comply with the terms of the Washington Naval Treaty, and , the two most advanced ships, were converted into the United States' first fleet carriers. In World War II, Lexington conducted several raids on Japanese bases before being sunk during the Battle of the Coral Sea in May 1942. Saratoga sank the during the Battle of the Eastern Solomons three months later, then supported a number of American operations in the Pacific before being attached to the British Eastern Fleet for operations in the Indian Ocean. Though she was torpedoed twice, Saratoga survived the war, and was destroyed as a target ship during Operation Crossroads, a series of atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll in mid-1946.
Alaska class
The Alaska-class cruisers were six very large cruisers ordered on 9 September 1940. They were known, popularly and by some historians, as "battlecruisers", although the Navy and at least one prominent historian discouraged describing them as such and gave them the hull symbol for large cruisers (CB). All were named after territories or insular areas of the United States, unlike battleships, generally named for states, or cruisers, named for cities. Initial design work for a "cruiser-killer" began in 1938, although the design was not finalized until June 1941. Of the six ships ordered in September 1940, only three were laid down; two of these were completed, and the third's construction was suspended on 16 April 1947 when she was 84% complete.
and served for the last year of World War II as bombardment ships and fast carrier escorts. Once the two ships reached Bayonne, New Jersey in late 1945 and early 1946, they never left port again. Numerous plans to convert Hawaii into a guided-missile cruiser or a large command ship in the years after the war were fruitless, and she was sold for scrap in 1959, two years before her sisters.
Notes
Footnotes
References
Further reading
United States
Battlecruisers
