Drasko Bogdanovic (or Draško Bogdanović, (Serbian Cyrillic: Драшко Богдановић, born in 1977) is a Canadian artist of Serb origin. He was born in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia. Bogdanovic is especially interested in portrait photography and homoeroticism. A classically trained musician and self-taught painter, he took up digital photography after emigrating to Canada in 1996.
An early fascination with Hollywood magazines and black & white photography influenced Bogdanovic to juxtapose classical posture with natural light in his male nude photography. Today his landscape and architecture photography capture cities' geometry, immutable personalities and intrinsic emotions. His photography has appeared in domestic newspapers and magazines and has been featured in local and national advertising campaigns. Introspectre, one of Bogdanović's most prominent works, was given the Award of Merit at The Ontario Society of Artists' Annual Exhibition in May 2008.
Drasko Bogdanović is a regular columnist at Xtra!, Toronto's gay scene magazine.
References
External links
Drasko Bogdanovic's official website
1977 births
Living people
Bosnia and Herzegovina refugees
Canadian photographers
Canadian erotic photographers
LGBT artists from Canada
LGBT people from Bosnia and Herzegovina
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Artists from Sarajevo
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to Canada
LGBT photographers
21st-century LGBT people
Ridgetown (Carnie Airfield) Aerodrome is a registered aerodrome located southeast of Ridgetown, Ontario, Canada.
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
Transport in Chatham-Kent
Buildings and structures in Chatham-Kent
Madan Mohan Kohli (25 June 1924 – 14 July 1975), better known as Madan Mohan, was an Indian music director of the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s. He is considered one of the most melodious and skilled music directors of the Hindi film industry. He is particularly remembered for the immortal ghazals he composed for Hindi films. Some of his best works are with singers Lata Mangeshkar, Mohammed Rafi and Talat Mahmood.
Early years
Born on 25 June 1924, at Baghdad where his father Rai Bahadur Chunilal Kohli was working as an Accountant General with the Iraqi Police forces, Madan Mohan spent the early years of his life in the Middle East. After 1932, his family returned to their home town of Chakwal, then in Jhelum district of Punjab, British India. He was left in the care of a grandparent while his father went to Bombay to seek business opportunities. He attended local school in Lahore for the next few years. During his stay at Lahore, he learnt the basics of classical music from one Kartar Singh for a very short period, however he never received any formal training in music. Some time later, his family moved to Mumbai where he completed his Senior Cambridge from St. Mary's School in Byculla Mumbai. In Mumbai, at the age of 11 years, he started performing in children's programmes broadcast by All India Radio. At age 17, he attended the Colonel Brown Cambridge School in Dehradun where he completed a year's training.
Career
Early career
He joined the Army as a Second Lieutenant in the year 1943. He served there for two years until end of World War II, when he left the Army and returned to Mumbai to pursue his musical interests. In 1946, he joined the India Radio, Lucknow as Programme Assistant, where he came in contact with various artists such as Ustad Faiyaz Khan, Ustad Ali Akbar Khan, Begum Akhtar, and Talat Mahmood. During these days he would also compose music for programmes to be broadcast on All India Radio. In 1947, he was transferred to All India Radio, Delhi where he worked for a short period. He was very fond of singing, and so in 1947 he got his first chance to record two ghazals penned by Behzad Lucknawi, Aane Laga Hai Koi Nazar Jalwa Gar Mujhe and Is Raaz Ko Duniya Jaanti Hai. Soon after, in 1948 he recorded two more private ghazals penned by Deewan Sharar, Wo Aaye To Mahfil Mein Ithlaate Huye Aaye and Duniya Mujhe Kahti Hai Ke Main Tujhko Bhoolaa Doon. In 1948, he got his first opportunity to sing a film duet Pinjare Mein Bulbul Bole and Mera Chhotasa Dil Dole with Lata Mangeshkar under composer Ghulam Haider (composer) for the film Shaheed, though these songs were never released or used in the film. Between 1946 and 1948, he assisted music composers S.D. Burman for Do Bhai, and Shyam Sundar in Actress.
Music director
He scored his first big break with the film Aankhen in 1950, which marked the beginning of a long lasting collaboration with Mohammed Rafi, his next film was Adaa which saw the beginning of a long lasting collaboration with Lata Mangeshkar; both would go on to sing for many of his films. Two of his composed songs for Sharabi - "Sawan ke maheeney mein" and "Kabhi na Kabhi koi na koi toh aayega", both filmed for Dev Anand are among the most well known renditions of Mohammed Rafi. In addition, his other compositions like "Wo Chup Rahen To" from the film Jahan Ara (1964) and "Maine Rang Li Aaj Chunariya" from Dulhan Ek Raat Ki (1966) are two similar examples. Madan was also able to write songs for male singers such as Talat Mahmood (Phir wahi Shaam, wahi gham, wahi tanhaayee hai, Main Teri Nazar Ka Suroor Hoon and Teri Aankh Ke Aansoo from Jahan Ara, and Meri Yaad Mein Tum Na from Madhosh) and Mohammed Rafi (Ek Haseen Shaam Ko from Dulhan Ek Raat Ki, Kisi Ki Yaad Mein from Jahan Ara, Main Nigahen Tere Chehere Se from Aap Ki Parchaiyian, Aap Ke Pehlun Mein Aakar Ro Diye from Mera Saaya, Ye Duniya Ye Mehfil Mere Kaam Ki Nahin from Heer Ranjha, Tere Dar Pe Aayaa Hoon from Laila-Majnu, the all-time haunting Meri Awaaz Suno and Tumhare Zulf Ke Sayen from Naunihal, Teri Aankhon Ke Siva Duniya Mein from Chiraag as well. Madan did not usually employ Kishore Kumar. Nonetheless, their partnership created songs as well; in this category fall songs such as Simti Si, Sharmai Si from Parwana, Zaroorat Hai, Zaroorat Hai from Manmauji, the title song from Ek Muthi Aasman, Mera Naam Abdul Rehman from Bhai Bhai, and Aai Hasino, Naazanino from Chacha Zindabad. Madan often collaborated with lyricists Raja Mehdi Ali Khan, Kaifi Azmi, and Rajinder Krishan, Sahir Ludhianvi and Majrooh Sultanpuri for his movies.
In 1957 he came out with a film named Dekh Kabira Roya in which the legendary singer Manna Dey gave his voice to the melodious Kaun Aaya Mere Man Ke Dwaare and unforgettable numbers like Tum Bin Jeevan Kaisa Jeevan in the film Bawarchi. In addition to that, he had Lata sing Tu Pyaar Kare Ya Thukraaye and Meri Veena Tum Bin Roye numbers, and he used Talat Mahmood for the song Hum Se Aaya Na Gaya in the same movie. Once in an interview Manna Dey recalled that Madan Mohan asked him to take special care when singing Kaun Aaya Mere Man Ke Dwaare.
A film scored by Madan was Chetan Anand's Haqeeqat (1964), starring Balraj Sahni and Dharmendra and based on the Sino-Indian War of 1962. In it, he used Rafi, who sang numbers like Kar chale hum fida, Main Yeh Soch Kar. Lata was used for the song Zara Si Aahat Hoti Hai and the unscreened " Khelo na mere dilse". And the same film saw Rafi, Talat, Manna Dey, and Bhupendra singing Hoke Majboor Mujhe Usne Bhulaya Hoga. Bhupendra appeared on the screen as well for the first time, much before he established himself as a playback singer. This song is also the only song in which four top-rated male playback singers have put voices together in a song. In 1966, he again paired with Lata Mangeshkar for Mera Saaya.
Madan Mohan's venture was Raj Khosla's version of "Woman in White", titled Woh Kaun Thi?. This film has three Lata solos ('Naina barse rim jhim', 'Lag ja gale' and 'Jo humne daastaan apni sunayee') and a Lata duet.
The late fifties, sixties and the early seventies were the most productive period in Madan Mohan's career. His songs from those decades include compositions for films like Adalat, Anpadh, Dulhan ek raat ki, Mera Saya, Dastak, Hanste Zakhm, Heer Raanjha, Maharaja, and Mausam, among many others. His second last bow was for a film released five years after his death, Chalbaaz. In 1970, during the changing times of western music he gave music based on ragas for Rajinder Singh Bedi's Dastak and won his only 1971 National Film Award for Best Music Direction. Its songs sung by Lata Mangeshkar are still considered her finest.
His legacy wouldn't be complete without mentioning the ghazal he composed for the movie "Dil Ki Rahein" – "Rasm-e-ulfat ko nibhaein to nibhaein kaise". The shayar(lyricist) for the ghazal was Naqsh Lallayalpuri and it was sung by Lata Mangeshkar. It is considered one of the best songs sung by Lata Mangeshkar, ever.
Madan Mohan's son Sanjeev Kohli recreated 11 of his late father's unused compositions for the soundtrack of the 2004 Yash Chopra film Veer-Zaara. Later on, Kohli brought out an album "Tere Baghair" which contains some of Madan Mohan's songs.
Mass appeal
Lata Mangeshkar christened him "Ghazal ka Shehzadaa", or the Prince of Ghazals. Even Lata herself stated in a live concert in the late 1990s that she found Madan Mohan's compositions difficult to master. Most of the top film actors of the day (who were also studio heads) had fallen into a groove with their preferred composers (e.g., Raj Kapoor had Shankar Jaikishan, Dev Anand had the Burmans, Dilip Kumar had Naushad, etc.) Hence, he often had difficulty finding assignments. His 1964 Filmfare Award nomination for Best Music Director for Woh Kaun Thi. In a tightly contested race, both Madan and Shankar Jaikishan (Sangam) lost to relative newcomer Laxmikant Pyarelal, who scored Dosti.
Death and legacy
Madan's constant struggles took a toll on his life, and he began drinking heavily. He died of liver cirrhosis on 14 July 1975. His body was lifted before his funeral by actors – Rajesh Khanna, Dharmendra, Amitabh Bachchan and Rajendra Kumar.
In 2004, Madan's unused tunes were recreated by his son, Sanjeev Kohli, for the Yash Chopra film Veer-Zaara, starring Shahrukh Khan, Preity Zinta, and Rani Mukerji. The lyrics were written by Javed Akhtar, and Lata Mangeshkar was invited to once again sing the majority of the melodies composed by him. The music was highly appreciated and was critically acclaimed. He was awarded the IIFA award 2005, for Music Direction for Veer-Zaara.
Books on Madan Mohan
'Madan Mohan: An Unforgettable Composer – Edited by V M Joshi & Suresh Rao, presents an analytical look at the composer's work. It includes articles by Sanjeev Kohli, Akshay Kohli, O P Dutta, Uttam Singh, B R Ishara, Dr. Ashok Ranade, Alka Deo Marulkar, Mridula Joshi, Dr. Kirti Shrivastava, Deepak Jeswal and many more; interviews with Lata Mangeshkar, Shreya Ghoshal, Mahalaxmi Iyer and Rehana Sultan, and Madan Mohan's filmography.
Style
Madan's music was characterised by his immense ability to meld elements of Indian classical music into a new style of Hindi filmi song. He had a keen and sensitive ear for the nuances of Indian classical tunes, and combined them with elements of Western music such as harmonies to produce a style of music that could be appreciated by both classical music aficionados and the common person alike.
Filmography
See also
List of Indian film music directors
References
Bibliography
External links
madanmohan.in, website on Madan Mohan, created and maintained by his sons
Eternal composition called Madan Mohan, tribute piece on Madan Mohan
1924 births
1975 deaths
Musicians from Baghdad
Punjabi people
Deaths from cirrhosis
Alcohol-related deaths in India
Hindi film score composers
Best Music Direction National Film Award winners
20th-century Indian composers
The 1956 season was FC Steaua București's 9th season since its founding in 1947.
Friendly matches
Divizia A
League table
Results
Source:
Cupa României
Results
See also
1956 Cupa României
1956 Divizia A
Notes and references
External links
1956 FC Steaua București Divizia A match
How romanian football looked in 1956
CCA and its tour in England
Steaua's first team to conquest the west
50 years ago...
FC Steaua București seasons
1955–56 in Romanian football
1956–57 in Romanian football
Steaua, București
Steaua, București
Steaua
Steaua
Romanian football championship-winning seasons
Hermann Benke (1866–1937) was an Austrian stage and film actor. He made a number of appearances in silent films, co-starring with the rising actress Liane Haid in productions by Wiener Kunstfilm.
Selected filmography
With Heart and Hand for the Fatherland (1915)
With God for Emperor and Empire (1916)
On the Heights (1916)
Summer Idyll (1916)
The Tragedy of Castle Rottersheim (1916)
Lebenswogen (1917)
The Black Hand (1917)
Rigoletto (1918)
The Films of Princess Fantoche (1921)
The Woman in White (1921)
The Arsonists of Europe (1926)
Kissing Is No Sin (1926)
References
Bibliography
Grange, William. Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic. Scarecrow Press, 2008.
External links
1866 births
1937 deaths
Austrian male film actors
Austrian male stage actors
Actors from Linz
Rodewisch is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 3 km north of Auerbach (Vogtland), and 20 km east of Plauen.
Demographics
Historical population:
Famous people born in Rodewisch
Falko Götz (b. 1962), football player and manager
Siegbert Hummel (1908–2001), Tibetologist and cultural historian
Gerd Schädlich (1952–2022), football player and manager
References
Towns in Saxony
Vogtlandkreis
Christopher James Wildeman (born October 26, 1979) is an American sociologist and professor of policy analysis and management in the College of Human Ecology at Cornell University. He is also Director of the Bronfenbrenner Center for Translational Research and Associate Vice Provost for the Social Sciences at Cornell University. Wildeman is known for researching the effects of incarceration on children's health, homelessness, and racial inequality.
Biography
Wildeman was educated at Dickinson College (B.A. in Philosophy, Sociology, and Spanish, 2002) and Princeton University (M.A., 2006; Ph.D., 2008). Both of his graduate degrees were in sociology and demography, and his Ph.D. was supervised by Sara McLanahan, Bruce Western, and Devah Pager. For two years (2008–2010), he was a postdoctoral affiliate at the University of Michigan's Population Studies Center, after which he joined the faculty of Yale University as an assistant professor of sociology. In 2013, he became an associate professor at Yale, and in 2014, he joined the faculty of Cornell as an associate professor. Since 2016, he has also been a research affiliate at the University of Wisconsin, Madison's Institute for Research on Poverty. He is Director of the Bronfenbrenner Center for Translational Research and Associate Vice Provost for the Social Sciences at Cornell University.
Selected publications
References
External links
Living people
1979 births
American sociologists
Cornell University faculty
Dickinson College alumni
Princeton University alumni
This article shows the previous rosters of Jastrzębski Węgiel volleyball team at PlusLiga in Poland.
2020/2021
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2020–21 PlusLiga.
2019/2020
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2019–20 PlusLiga.
2018/2019
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2018–19 PlusLiga.
2017/2018
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2017–18 PlusLiga.
2016/2017
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2016–17 PlusLiga.
2015/2016
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2015–16 PlusLiga.
2014/2015
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2014–15 PlusLiga.
2013/2014
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2013–14 PlusLiga.
2012/2013
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2012–13 PlusLiga.
2011/2012
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2011–12 PlusLiga.
2010/2011
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2010–11 PlusLiga.
2009/2010
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2009–10 PlusLiga.
2008/2009
The following is the Jastrzębski Węgiel roster in the 2008–09 PlusLiga.
References
PlusLiga squads
Mandakan (, also Romanized as Mandakān, Mandekān, Mandegān, and Mūndakān) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 344, in 84 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Adriano Bernardini (born 13 August 1942) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church who occupied positions in the diplomatic service of the Holy See from the 1970s until he retired in 2017. His first assignment as Apostolic Nuncio was to Bangladesh (1992–1995) and his last to Italy (2011–2017). He has been an archbishop since 1992.
Biography
On 31 March 1968, he was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Rome by Cardinal Egidio Cardinal Vagnozzi. He attended the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy to study diplomacy and earn a doctorate in canon law.
His first assignment in the diplomatic service of the Holy See was in the Apostolic Nunciature to Pakistan, which also follows events in Afghanistan. He later worked in the nunciatures to Angola, Japan, Venezuela and Spain. On 17 January 1989 he was appointed chargé d'affaires of the nunciature in Taiwan. On 20 August 1992, just days after his 50th birthday, he was appointed Titular Archbishop of Falerii and Apostolic Nuncio to Bangladesh. He received his episcopal consecration on 15 November 1992 from Cardinal Angelo Sodano.
Bernardini remained in Bangladesh until 15 June 1996, when he was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Madagascar, Mauritius and the Seychelles. He was next appointed Nuncio to Thailand, Singapore and Cambodia and Apostolic Delegate to Burma, Laos, Malaysia and Brunei on 24 July 1999. Pope John Paul II named him Apostolic Nuncio to Argentina on 26 April 2003. His years there were marked by sharp differences between the Argentine bishops, notably Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio (later Pope Francis), and Bernardini as representative of Secretary of State Cardinal Angelo Sodano.
Pope Benedict XVI named him Nuncio to Italy and San Marino on 15 November 2011. In 2014, he conducted an investigation into charges of scandalous behavior by priests in the Diocese of Albenga-Imperia, which led to further investigation and the removal of a bishop. His career in the diplomatic service ended on 12 September 2017, when he was replaced as Nuncio to Italy by the first non-Italian to hold the position since Italy and the Holy See established full diplomatic ties in 1929.
On 4 October 2017, Pope Francis named him a member of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
1942 births
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishops
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishops
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Living people
Apostolic Nuncios to Seychelles
Apostolic Nuncios to Argentina
Apostolic Nuncios to Madagascar
Apostolic Nuncios to Mauritius
Apostolic Nuncios to Italy
Apostolic Nuncios to Thailand
Apostolic Nuncios to Singapore
Apostolic Nuncios to Cambodia
Apostolic Nuncios to Bangladesh
Apostolic Nuncios to Myanmar
Apostolic Nuncios to Malaysia
Apostolic Nuncios to Laos
Vectomov or Večtomov is a Czech surname that may refer to
Saša Večtomov (1930–1989), Czech cellist and music pedagogue
Sonja Vectomov (born 1979), Czech-Finnish electronic musician and composer
Sonja Vectomov (sculptor) (born 1957), Czech sculptor
Vladimír Večtomov (1946–2015), Czech classical guitarist, brother of Saša
Czech-language surnames
Brendon Martin Batson, OBE (born 6 February 1953) is an English former footballer who played as a defender for Arsenal, Cambridge United and West Bromwich Albion.
Biography
Born in St. George's, Grenada, Batson moved with his family to Trinidad at the age of 6 and then migrated from the West Indies to England when he was nine years old in 1962. Until then he had never even seen a game of football and a teacher at his school, on watching his early efforts and reflecting on his birthplace opined, "Well, perhaps cricket is your game." However, he was signed as a schoolboy by Arsenal, and whilst at the club's academy won the FA Youth Cup of 1971. Batson signed as a professional at 17 years old at the club and eventually went on to feature for the Gunners' first team, becoming the first black player to do so. In all, he made 10 appearances for Arsenal before moving to Cambridge United in 1974. He spent four years at Cambridge, captaining the side to the Fourth Division Championship under manager Ron Atkinson in 1976–77. At Cambridge Batson made a total of 163 appearances and scored six goals altogether.
When Atkinson moved to West Bromwich Albion in 1978, he successfully encouraged Batson to follow him and team up with fellow black players Cyrille Regis and Laurie Cunningham, leaving in a deal worth £28,000. Although not by any means the first black footballers to play professionally in England, the players nicknamed Three Degrees by Atkinson, a reference to contemporary vocal trio of the same name, were pioneering, iconic and extremely popular with West Brom's fans. This trio's fame is to such an extent that in 2012 plans were put forward for a statue of which would honor the footballing trio being purposely displayed in October 2014 at The Hawthorns. The completed statue was publicly unveiled in New Square in the town on 21 May 2019.
Whilst a West Bromwich Albion player he featured in a benefit match for Len Cantello, that saw a team of white players play against a team of black players. He played 160 games for the Baggies before his career was cut short in 1982 by a serious knee injury.
International career
He was capped three times for the England B team against the United States, Spain and Australia.
Administrative career
Following the end to his playing days, Batson was thereafter appointed as the deputy chief executive of the Professional Footballers' Association in 1984. He then spent a total of 18 years in this position and remains as a trustee of the association. He later rejoined West Brom within the role of a managing director at the club, helping to form the West Bromwich Albion Former Players' Association in 2003. Batson in 2007, joined the body then known as the Football Licensing Agency (FLA) that's now entitled as the Sports Grounds Safety Authority. He is the longest serving member of the board of the authority.
Batson was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2001 New Year Honours
and Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2015 New Year Honours, both for services to football.
Personal life
Batson was married to Cecily, who died in September 2009.
Honours
Arsenal Youth
FA Youth Cup: 1970–71
Cambridge United
Fourth Division: 1976–77
Individual
PFA Team of the Year: 1976–77 Fourth Division
PFA Team of the Year: 1977–78 Third Division
References
Bibliography
Bowler, D., & J. Bains (2000), Samba in the Smethwick End: Regis, Cunningham, Batson and the Football Revolution,
Paul Rees,(2014) "The Three Degrees The Men Who Changed British Football Forever"
1953 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Arsenal F.C. players
Cambridge United F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
England B international footballers
Grenadian emigrants to England
Black British sportspeople
People from St. George's, Grenada
English Football League players
The 1992 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 66th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Roll of honour
Summary
The industry finally received a levy of sorts. On 10 March Tory chancellor Norman Lamont announced a reduction in betting tax and asked the bookmakers for a voluntary arrangement whereby a fund could be directed to the greyhound racing industry. He had given a clear signal that he expected bookmakers to pay the industry and the British Greyhound Racing Fund was born. This fund relied on the voluntary payments of bookmakers and the big three firms Ladbrokes, William Hill and Corals paid and encouraged smaller bookmakers to participate.
The positive was the fact that bookmakers had agreed but the negative was the fact that the payment equated to 0.25%. The proposed payment resulted in the Greyhound Board refusing to agree with a fund that was controlled by the bookmakers. However they would eventually give in and accepted the £1.2 million, which mainly went back into prize money.
The National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) released the annual returns, with totalisator turnover at £91,766,414 and attendances recorded at 3,864,288 from 6154 meetings. The 17.5% track tote deduction was ended with tracks now able to choose their own percentage which inevitably resulted in increases; the Greyhound Racing Association and Corals angered patrons by charging 25%, followed by Ladbrokes at 19.7%.
Murlens Abbey trained by John Copplestone was voted Greyhound of the Year after winning the Arc, the Edinburgh Cup and the East Anglian Derby. Farloe Melody was voted Irish Greyhound of the Year after winning the 1992 English Greyhound Derby, Easter Cup and Dundalk International.
John McGee won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year for the fifth successive year. He also secured his second Trainers Championship, winning four of the eight races that formed the event, he finished on 56 points, which was 22 points ahead of second placed Patsy Byrne on 34.
Tracks
Corals sold Powderhall to Eddie Ramsay. Independent track Berwick opened but Aldershot in Tongham closed in November.
The debt ridden Brent Walker the owners of William Hill and Hackney Wick Stadium were selling assets in order to avoid administration.
News
Racing expanded with betting shops allowed to open in the evenings and on Sundays, the first ever Sunday fixture was held at Sunderland featuring the Mailcom Northern Puppy Derby heats. GRA parent company Wembley plc. announced losses of £8m despite a £13m profit in its UK operation.
Canterbury play host to a new TV channel called Sportscast and also scrapped eight dog races on evening cards after tote turnover on them drops lower than six dog races. British Breeding shows a significant decrease from 43% to 26% of registered greyhounds and continues to go down.
Competitions
The best hurdler since Sherrys Prince emerged, a white and brindle dog called Kildare Slippy. The Paddy Hancox trained greyhound had reached the 1991 Grand National final, at Hall Green. He won the 1992 Grand National final by 9¾ lengths recording 28.52, a new track record. When the time was announced it stunned the crowd because the track record for 474 metres on the flat at Hall Green was 28.56. Kildare Slippy had just jumped five hurdles and completed the circuit four spots (1 spot = 0.01 sec) faster than the existing flat record making it one of the greatest individual runs in history. In addition to the run he broke the track record at Catford setting new figures of 23.73 which was faster than the Scurry Gold Cup final. A 28.09 track record at Powderhall was just nine spots slower than the time set by Murlens Abbey (the eventual greyhound of the year) in the Edinburgh Cup final. He won the Scottish Grand National before he attempted to win the Irish Grand National. Despite a new track record at Shelbourne Park in an incredible 29.18, he missed the break in the final and failed to achieve the triple crown. A Linda Mullins trained hurdler called Deerpark Jim won 31 races form 45 starts and was denied greater success because Kildare Slippy was around the same time.
An event called the Reading Masters was inaugurated with the provincial track of Reading offering a first prize of £15,000. Terry Kibble's Dempsey Duke was the first winner. The Scottish Greyhound Derby ended in a win for Glideaway Sam but only because the Irish Derby champion Ardfert Mick, trained by Matt O'Donnell suffered a serious injury when easily set for victory, he passed the line trailing in last and badly lame.
Natalie and Nick Savva enjoyed a great year with a 1-2 in the John Humphreys Gold Collar final with Westmead and Westmead Spirit, followed by the Laurent Perrier Grand Prix success of Westmead Darkie. A Laurels 1-2 with Balligari and Right Move was next ending with a St Leger final appearance for Westmead Darkie. Pineapple Lemon defeated Murlens Abbey in the Select Stakes at Wembley providing some reward for a very good year by the Michael Compton trained brindle. Pineapple Lemon had reached a number of finals and broken track records at Sheffield.
Principal UK races
+Track record
Totalisator returns
The totalisator returns declared to the National Greyhound Racing Club for the year 1992 are listed below.
References
Greyhound racing in the United Kingdom
Greyhound racing in the Republic of Ireland
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
Kenneth E. "Boom" Gaspar (born February 3, 1953) is an American musician. He is best known for having performed with American rock band Pearl Jam as a keyboardist since 2002.
Biography
Early life
Boom Gaspar grew up in Waimānalo, Hawaii. He started playing music when he was eleven years old. After graduating from Kailua High School, Gaspar spent the next thirty years doing local shows throughout Hawaii with acts such as the Mackey Feary Band, Harmony, Simplisity, and played in Seattle with first billing with the famous blues guitarist Albert Collins.
Pearl Jam
Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder first met Gaspar while in Hawaii. Gaspar was introduced to Vedder through Ramones bassist C. J. Ramone. Gaspar has appeared on the Pearl Jam albums Riot Act (2002), Pearl Jam (2006) and Lightning Bolt (2013). He has a songwriting credit for the song "Love Boat Captain" which is on Riot Act. According to Gaspar, the song initially developed out of a jam session he had with Vedder shortly after the two first met. When they were done, Vedder asked Gaspar if he was "ready to go to Seattle." He has become known for his long solos during "Crazy Mary", a song originally written by Victoria Williams, which has become a fan favorite during live Pearl Jam shows. This often culminates in a guitar/organ duel between Gaspar and guitarist Mike McCready. Gaspar told Keyboard Magazine that his biggest challenge playing with the band was "learning what Pearl Jam is, and learning each of the band members' different styles. It's such an education for me. Every night is different and playing with them is amazing. I love challenges. They make you a better player and challenges are what music is all about."
Discography
Pearl Jam discography
Po & the 4Fathers discography
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
American male organists
American rock pianists
American rock keyboardists
Pearl Jam members
People from Honolulu County, Hawaii
Musicians from Hawaii
American blues pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American pianists
21st-century American keyboardists
21st-century organists
American organists
Ernst Hoeltzer (7 January 1835 – 3 July 1911) was a German telegraphist and photographer. He came to Iran during the rule of Naser al-Din Shah in the Qajar dynasty and lived in Isfahan for about 20 years (1871–98). He captured historical photos of the city and the sites around it.
Life
Ernst Hoeltzer was born on 7 January 1835 in Kleinschmalkalden in Thuringia. From 1844 to 1848 he attended the Schnepfenthal Salzmann School. Before going to Iran Hoeltzer worked for Siemens & Halske cable company in the Mediterranean. Hoeltzer was tasked by the British in Isfahan to run the telegraph center in this city. After the work was completed in 1867, he took a short trip to back to (Germany), where he became acquainted with photography. He bought a camera and other equipment and brought them back to Iran. From 1873 to 1897, Hoeltzer took thousands of photographs in Iran. Most of the photos captured Isfahan but a few also show sites in Tehran, Qom and Kashan.
Personal life and legacy
In 1870 he married Maryam Haghnazar (1850 – 12 October 1920), an Iranian-Armenian woman from Tehran.
After his death, all his property went to his daughter Karolina who married Eskandar Khan Davidkhanian, a General in the town of Jolfa, Isfahan. Karolina lived in Tehran and had two daughters, Ricolletta and Hildegard. After World War II, Ricolletta married a German man and carrying all her grandfather's belongings, went to live in Germany. She put Hoeltzer's five large wooden cases in her basement. In 1969, after a pipe broke in the basement, the cases were brought out and opened.The cases held a considerate number of glass containers with negatives of his photos in addition to notebooks with chemical instructions and Hoeltzer's diary. In 1975, a number of Hoeltzer's photos were put on public display which included a collection of 100 photographs from Jolfa. Prints of these photos came into the possession of Mohammad Assemi, who sent them to the Ministry of Culture in Tehran. A selection first appeared in 1976 under the title Persia 113 Years Ago and again in 2004 under the title Thousand Sights of Life. Pictures taken of Isfahan by Hoeltzer"s were also collected in a book published in 1976.
Death
Ernst Hoeltzer died in Isfahan on 7 July 1911. He is buried in the Armenian cemetery in Isfahan.
gallery
References
External links
Lifelines: Ernst Hölzer. Vol. 3, Ed. Siemens Historical Institute, Munich 2015
«ارنست هولتسر» در وبگاه مرکز اسناد و مدارک میراث فرهنگی
Photographers from Thuringia
1911 deaths
Explorers of Iran
1835 births
German emigrants to Iran
19th-century German photographers
People from Schmalkalden-Meiningen
Burials in Iran
Hurura is a river of the Nile basin. Rising in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien in northern Ethiopia, it flows southwestward to empty in Giba and finally in Tekezé River.
Characteristics
It is a confined ephemeral river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with an average slope gradient of 33 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Flash floods and flood buffering
Runoff mostly happens in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased due to interventions in the catchment. At Afedena, Sesemat, Tukhul and on other steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Upper basalt
Interbedded lacustrine deposits
Lower basalt
Amba Aradam Formation
Mekelle Dolerite
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek 14 crosses the river near Sesemat village. In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Nile basin
Przemysław Frasunek (also known as venglin, born 6 May 1983) is a "white hat" hacker from Poland. He has been a frequent Bugtraq poster since late in the 1990s, noted for one of the first published successful software exploits for the format string bug class of attacks, just after the first exploit of the person using nickname tf8. Until that time the vulnerability was thought harmless.
Vulnerability research
Notable vulnerabilities credited to Przemysław Frasunek:
, Format string bug in WU-FTPD (remote root exploit), one of the first exploits for the format string bug class of attacks.
, Buffer overflow (remote root exploit) in NTP server, affecting wide range of systems.
, Signal race condition in FTP server, affecting NetBSD and Mac OS X.
, Privilege escalation (local root exploit) affecting Solaris versions 8, 9, 10 and OpenSolaris operating systems, discovered two weeks after public release of the OpenSolaris.
2001 - FreeBSD 4.4 arbitrary file access vulnerability
Kernel mode race condition exploit affecting FreeBSD 6.4.
Kernel mode race condition exploit affecting FreeBSD 7.0.
Kernel mode null pointer dereference exploit affecting FreeBSD 7.0 to 7.2.
References
External links
Exploits by Przemyslaw Frasunek at Exploit Db
1983 births
Living people
Hackers
Polish computer scientists
Hyung-Taik Lee and Vladimir Voltchkov were the defending champions but only Lee competed that year with Brian Vahaly.
Lee and Vahaly lost in the quarterfinals to Jeff Coetzee and Chris Haggard.
James Blake and Mardy Fish won in the final 6–2, 7–5 against Rick Leach and Brian MacPhie.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Scott Humphries / Mark Merklein (first round)
Jordan Kerr / Jim Thomas (quarterfinals)
Todd Perry / Thomas Shimada (quarterfinals)
Rick Leach / Brian MacPhie (final)
Draw
External links
2004 Siebel Open Doubles draw
SAP Open
2004 ATP Tour
Polyaenus or Polyenus ( ; see ae (æ) vs. e; , "much-praised") was a 2nd-century CE Greek author, known best for his Stratagems in War (), which has been preserved. He was born in Bithynia. The Suda calls him a rhetorician, and Polyaenus himself writes that he was accustomed to pleading causes before the Roman emperor. Polyaenus dedicated Stratagems in War to the two emperors Marcus Aurelius () and Lucius Verus (), while they were engaged in the Roman–Parthian War of 161–166, about 163, at which time he was too old to accompany them in their campaigns.
Stratagems
This work is divided into eight books: the first six contain accounts of the stratagems of the most celebrated Greek generals, the seventh book contains stratagems of non Greeks and Romans, and the eighth book those of the Romans and of illustrious women. Parts, however, of the sixth and seventh books are lost, so that of the 900 stratagems which Polyaenus described, 833 have survived.
The book has survived in a single copy made in the 13th century, although there exist five abridged versions, which will be discussed below. The full copy once belonged to Michel Apostolios and is now in the Laurentian Library in Florence. The work is written in a clear and pleasing style, though somewhat tinged with the artificial rhetoric of the age. It contains a vast number of anecdotes respecting many of the most celebrated men in antiquity, and has uniquely preserved many historical facts.
There are no less than five Byzantine abridgments of this work, the most important one of which is held in the same library of the original, the Laurentian. This compendium, titled Ὑπoθέσεις ἐκ τῶν στρατηγικῶν πράξεων, contains 58 chapters and 354 stratagems, and is useful to elucidate and explain many passages of the original, lost or not. Despite the existence of the abridgements, Polyaenus' treatise was not popular in the Middle Ages. The original is rarely cited by Byzantine sources, which suggests that it had ceased to circulate, and that the abridgements had replaced it. To this it must be added that only the Ὑπoθέσεις derives directly from the original, while the other four versions seem to be summaries of the first.
Polyaenus was first printed in a Latin translation, executed by Justus Vulteius, at Basel, 1549. The first edition of the Greek text was published by Isaac Casaubon, Lyon, 1589; the next by Pancratius Maasvicius, Leyden, 1690; the third by Samuel Mursinna, Berlin, 1756; the fourth by Adamantios Korais, Paris, 1809. The work has been translated into English by R. Shepherd, London, 1793; into German by Seybold, Frankfurt, 1793–94, and by Blume, Stuttgart, 1834.
Other works
Polyaenus also wrote several other works, all of which have perished. The Suda has preserved the titles of two, On Thebes (Περὶ Θηβῶν) and Tactics, in three books (Τακτικά). Stobaeus makes a quotation from a work of Polyaenus, Ὑπὲρ τoῦ κoινoῦ τῶν Mακεδόνων (For the koinon of Macedonians), and from another entitled Ὑπὲρ τoῦ Συνεδρίoυ (For the Synedrion). Polyaenus likewise mentions his intention of writing a work on the memorable actions of M. Aurelius and L. Verus.
Notes
Further reading
— Gui-Alexis Lobineau (traducteur), Paris, (1840)
External links
Livius, Polyaenus by Jona Lendering
Polyaenus, Stratagems of War, Translated by E. Shepherd, 1793 (excerpts: those stratagems concerning Alexander and some of the Diadochi)
Stratagems of War (complete translation)
Eduard von Woelffin 1887 edition at the Internet Archive
2nd-century writers
2nd-century historians
Roman-era Greek historians
Ancient Greek military writers
Ancient Macedonian historians
Ancient Macedonian anthologists
Roman-era Macedonians
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Onhaye. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Onhaye
Predictive informatics (PI) is the combination of predictive modeling and informatics applied to healthcare, pharmaceutical, life sciences and business industries.
Predictive informatics enables researchers, analysts, physicians and decision-makers to aggregate and analyze disparate types of data, recognize patterns and trends within that data, and make more informed decisions in an effort to preemptively alter future outcomes.
Current uses of PI
Healthcare
Over the past decade the increased usage of electronic health records has produced vast amounts of clinical data that is now computable. Predictive informatics integrates this data with other datasets (e.g., genotypic, phenotypic) in centralized and standardized data repositories upon which predictive analytics may be conducted.
Pharmaceuticals
The biopharmaceutical industry uses predictive informatics (a superset of chemoinformatics) to integrate information resources to transform data into knowledge in order to make better decisions faster in the area of drug lead identification and optimization.
Systems biology
Scientists involved in systems biology employ predictive informatics to integrate complex data about the interactions in biological systems from diverse experimental sources.
Other uses
Predictive informatics and analytics are also used in financial services, insurance, telecommunications, retail, and travel industries.
See also
Predictive analytics
Informatics (academic field)
Predictive modeling
Biomedical informatics
Chemoinformatics
References
Further reading
Christophe Giraud-Carrier, Burdette Pixton, and Roberto A. Rocha. (2009) "Bariatric surgery performance: A predictive informatics case study". Intell. Data Anal., 13 (5), 741–754.
Krohn R. (2008) "Predictive informatics. Why PI is the next great opportunity in healthcare", J Healthc Inf Manag, 22(1):8–9.
External links
Predictive Informatics: What Is Its Place in Healthcare? Christophe G Giraud-Carrier (2009), Brigham Young University
Information science
Medical statistics
Computational fields of study
Juho Tolppola (born 5 October 1981) is a Finnish professional boxer who has challenged twice for the European super-lightweight title in 2008. As an amateur he is a three-time Finnish national champion and a bronze medallist at the 2000 European Championships. From 2015 to 2017, Tolppola served a two-year ban from boxing due to doping.
Amateur career
In his amateur career, Tolppola scored 135 wins in 175 fights, including four consecutive medals at the Finnish national amateur championships: gold in 1998 (light-flyweight), 2000 (flyweight) and 2001 (bantamweight), and silver in 1999 (bantamweight). At the 2000 European Championships, he won a bronze medal in the flyweight division.
Professional career
Tolppola made his professional debut on 10 December 2001, winning a four-round points decision over Anton Vontszemu. His first opportunity at a regional championship came on 26 November 2004 against Michele Orlando for the vacant IBF International welterweight title. Fighting outside of Finland for the first time as a professional, Tolppola lost a narrow twelve-round split decision in Orlando's native Italy. Two months later, on 28 January 2005, Tolppola went on the road again, losing a ten-round points decision to David Barnes in Scotland.
Between 2007 and 2009, Tolppola challenged for both the European and European Union super-lightweight titles twice each, but lost all of these bouts. In his fourth attempt, against Giuseppe Lauri on 30 May 2009, the fight ended in a highly controversial manner when Tolppola was first disqualified after ten rounds due to repeated fouls, after which his father stormed the ring and punched the referee.
After taking a five-year break from the sport, Tolppola returned to the ring on 9 May 2014. He would score three consecutive wins by unanimous decision before challenging unbeaten Matias Laitinen for the vacant Finnish welterweight title on 23 May 2015. Tolppola won a wide ten-round unanimous decision, but in September the result was changed to a no contest after he failed a drugs test for the use of hydrochlorothiazide (a diuretic to aid weight loss). The Finnish Professional Boxing Association subsequently handed Tolppola a two-year ban from boxing, effective from the Laitinen fight.
In April 2016, Tolppola announced his intention to appeal the decision, maintaining his innocence and calling into question the Association's testing procedures. This appeal was rejected by a court in June of that year, who determined that there were no sufficient grounds for lifting his ban. Boxing promoter Joona Jalkanen announced in October that Tolppola would return to the ring immediately after his ban was lifted, on 13 May 2017, and would be looking to challenge for a European title at some stage, but the fight did not take place.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Light-welterweight boxers
Welterweight boxers
Living people
1981 births
Sportspeople from Vantaa
Finnish male boxers
Doping cases in boxing
Light-flyweight boxers
Flyweight boxers
Bantamweight boxers
Vera Bitanji (born 21 April 1969) is an Albanian athlete and triple jumper. She represented Albania in the 1996 Summer Olympics competing in the women's triple jump.
References
1969 births
Albanian female triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic athletes of Albania
Place of birth missing (living people)
Golema Rakovitsa () is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Elin Pelin Municipality, Sofia Province.
Geography
Golema Rakovitsa is situated near the eastern end of the Sofia Valley, at the western foot of Sredna Gora mountain. It is located just where the Lopushina and Ravna rivers flow together to form the Lesnovo River. From the village border starts the upper part of Ognyanovo Reservoir. Elin Pelin, the main town of the municipality, is about to the west.
An annual from the Bulgarian National Library, published in 1928, indicates that in the middle of 19th century there were 180 houses in the village. It was the biggest settlement in the eastern Sofia district at the time. In comparison, Elin Pelin, named Novoseltsi back then, was listed as having 125 houses. Just after the First World War there were 2,200 residents in the village. However, when the communist regime took the rule in the country, private property was strongly limited and the farming realties were nationalized. The population started permanently decreasing because of migration, mostly to Sofia. Nowadays about 400 people remain in Golema Rakovitsa.
History and culture
The village was set on fire twice during the 19th century by Ottoman troops. The native Gato Shishkov was among the followers of the revolutionary Vasil Levski who visited the village several times. It was reported that another Bulgarian revolutionary, Georgi Benkovski, also passed through the village. During the Balkan Wars in 1912 a man from Rakovitsa was a member of the Macedonian-Adrianopolitan Volunteer Corps.
The majority of the inhabitants are Christians adhering to the Bulgarian Orthodox Church. In the village there is a church named after St Nicholas built in 1857. In the churchyard are the remains of an old religious school which was restored in 2005 and turned into a museum.
The two-storied building of the modern school was constructed in 1923-1924. It was a comprehensive school named after the Saints Cyril and Methodius. After operating for more than 60 years, the school was closed down in 1994 and the building was abandoned. Every year on 2 May, there is a local village celebration called Sabor, dedicated to the April Uprising.
Gallery
References
Golema Rakovitsa Guide
Villages in Sofia Province
Creme Puff may refer to:
Animal
Creme Puff (cat)
Pastry
Cream puff, a pastry also known as profiterole
La Religieuse, a French creme-puff like pastry
Still of the Night is a 1982 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed by Robert Benton and starring Roy Scheider, Meryl Streep, Joe Grifasi, and Jessica Tandy. It was written by Benton and David Newman. Scheider plays a psychiatrist who falls in love with a woman (Streep) who may be the psychopathic killer of one of his patients.
The film is considered as an overt homage to the films of Alfred Hitchcock, emulating scenes from many of his movies: a bird attacks one character (as in The Birds), a scene takes place in an auction (as in North by Northwest), someone falls from a height (as in Vertigo and a number of other films), stuffed birds occupy a room (as in Psycho), and an important plot point is the interpretation of a dream (as in Spellbound). Meryl Streep's hair is styled much like Eva Marie Saint's was in North by Northwest, and the town of Glen Cove features in both films. Jessica Tandy also features both in this film, and in The Birds (1963) as the mother of the protagonist.
Plot
Manhattan psychiatrist Dr. Sam Rice is visited by glamorous, enigmatic Brooke Reynolds, who works at Crispin's (a fictitious New York auction house modeled after Christie's). Brooke was having an affair with one of Rice's patients, George Bynum, who has just been murdered. Brooke asks the doctor to return a watch to Bynum's wife and not reveal the affair.
Sam is visited by NYPD Detective Joseph Vitucci but refuses to give any information on Bynum, a patient for two years. After the police warn him that he could become a target because the killer may believe he knows something, Sam reviews the case files detailing Bynum's affairs with various women at Crispin's, including Brooke. Bynum had also expressed concern, claiming a wealthy friend had once killed someone, and Bynum was the only person who knew about this. He wondered if this friend might kill again.
The police believe Bynum's killer is a woman. Sam gradually falls for Brooke but believes he is being followed. He is mugged by someone who takes his coat, whereupon the mugger is killed in the same manner as Bynum.
Sam tries to interpret clues from the case file with his psychiatrist mother, Grace, including a strange dream of Bynum's in which he finds a green box in a cabinet in a dark house and is then chased up a narrow staircase by a little girl carrying a bleeding teddy bear.
Brooke's behavior becomes increasingly suspicious. Sam tails her to a family estate on Long Island. She explains her guilt in the accidental death of her father, and claims Bynum threatened to reveal this secret if she broke off their affair.
Sam pieces together that Bynum's previous girlfriend was Gail Phillips, an assistant to Bynum at Crispin's. Gail blames Brooke for her breakup with Bynum. Gail, trying to frame Brooke, kills Det. Vitucci. Now she arrives at the estate to kill Brooke and Sam.
As they are about to leave, Brooke forgets her keys and goes back into the dark house, alone, to retrieve them, while Sam waits in his car. Gail appears in the back seat of the car and stabs Sam with a knife. Gail then chases Brooke through the house, recapitulating Bynum's dream. Brooke narrowly escapes, as Gail falls to her death over a railing. Sam is not seriously hurt and is embraced by Brooke.
Cast
Roy Scheider as Dr. Sam Rice
Meryl Streep as Brooke Reynolds
Jessica Tandy as Dr. Grace Rice
Joe Grifasi as Joseph Vitucci
Sara Botsford as Gail Phillips
Josef Sommer as George Bynum
Rikke Borge as Heather Wilson
Irving Metzman as Murray Gordon
Larry Joshua as Mugger
Tom Norton as Auctioneer
Richmond Hoxie as Mr. Harris
Hyon Cho as Mr. Chang
Danielle Cusson as Girl
John Eric Bentley as Night Watchman
George A. Tooks as Elevator Operator
Production
Filming took place in March 1981. Still of the Night was filmed in and around New York City, including at Columbia University, the Trefoil Arch and the Boathouse Cafe in Central Park, and the Museum of the City of New York.
Art dealer Arne Glimcher served as a consultant on the film and helped choreograph the auction scene (as well as playing a cameo role as an art dealer who bids against the Streep character). Thomas E. Norton, who had been a long-time executive at Sotheby's, served as a consultant for the film. (He also played the auctioneer taking bids during the Crispin's auction scene.) The auction scene was filmed in the auditorium of the International House of New York.
Reception
Box office
The film had a platform release on five screens and grossed $548,255 before going wide on 502 screens on December 17, 1982, but it disappointed with only $633,273 for the weekend. Altogether, the film made $5,979,947 domestically, on a budget of $10 million.
Critical reaction
Still of the Night holds an aggregate score of 67% fresh on the website Rotten Tomatoes.
A review in Variety stated: "It comes as almost a shock to see a modern suspense picture that's as literate, well acted and beautifully made as Still of The Night. Despite its many virtues, however, Robert Benton's film [...] has its share of serious flaws, mainly in the area of plotting".
In his review for The New York Times, Vincent Canby explained that the screenplay "makes inescapable references to such Hitchcock classics as 'Vertigo,' 'Rear Window,' 'North by Northwest' and 'Spellbound,' among others."
In 2013, Meryl Streep stated it was one of the worst movies in which she had acted.
References
External links
1982 films
1980s English-language films
Films directed by Robert Benton
1980s psychological thriller films
American neo-noir films
American detective films
Films with screenplays by Robert Benton
Films about psychiatry
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
United Artists films
1980s American films
Medalists
Standings
Men's Competition
References
Complete 1991 Mediterranean Games Standings Archived
1991 in water polo
Sports at the 1991 Mediterranean Games
1991
1991
Chautauqua County (county code CQ) is a county located in Southeast Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 3,379. Its county seat and most populous city is Sedan. Chautauqua County is named for Chautauqua County, New York, the birthplace of Edward Jaquins, a Kansas politician who was instrumental in getting the county established.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. The name is non-native, but is derived from the now-extinct Native Erie language, spoken near the Great Lakes. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Chautauqua County was created by an act of the Kansas legislature on June 1, 1875, by the division of Howard County into Elk County (the northern half) and Chautauqua County (the southern half). At the time of its creation, the county's population was about 7,400.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Elk County (north)
Montgomery County (east)
Washington County, Oklahoma (southeast)
Osage County, Oklahoma (south)
Cowley County (west)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 166
Kansas Highway 38
Kansas Highway 99
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 4,359 people, 1,796 households, and 1,235 families residing in the county. The population density was 7 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 2,169 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.83% White, 0.30% Black or African American, 3.58% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.34% from other races, and 1.84% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.35% of the population.
There were 1,796 households, out of which 26.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.30% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.20% were non-families. 29.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.87.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.40% under the age of 18, 6.10% from 18 to 24, 20.90% from 25 to 44, 25.20% from 45 to 64, and 24.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 93.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,717, and the median income for a family was $33,871. Males had a median income of $25,083 versus $21,346 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,280. About 9.00% of families and 12.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.80% of those under age 18 and 10.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Chautauqua is an overwhelmingly Republican county. The only Republican to ever lose the county has been Herbert Hoover during his landslide 1932 election defeat when he carried fewer than fifty counties west of the Mississippi. Apart from never-Democratic, historically Yankee Doniphan County, it was the only Kansas county to give incumbent President William Howard Taft a plurality in 1912. The last Democrat to pass thirty percent of the county's vote was Michael Dukakis in 1988, and in 2016 Hillary Clinton received merely thirteen percent.
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Chautauqua County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county, until 2008, when a county wide ballot measure was approved to allow individual liquor sales with a 30 percent food requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Cedar Vale USD 285
Sedan USD 286
Communities
Cities
Cedar Vale
Chautauqua
Elgin
Niotaze
Peru
Sedan
Unincorporated communities
Cloverdale
Grafton
Hale
Hewins
Jonesburg (originally spelled Jonesburgh)
Lowe (Gibbs)
Monett
Rogers
Wauneta
Ghost towns
Boston
Layton
Leeds
Matanzas
Moore
Osro
Townships
Chautauqua County is divided into twelve townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Handbook of Elk and Chautauqua Counties, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 24 pages; 1886.
Standard Atlas of Chautauqua County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 66 pages; 1921.
Standard Atlas of Chautauqua County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 32 pages; 1903.
External links
County
Chautauqua County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Chautauqua County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1875 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1875
Protantigius is a monotypic butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
Its single species is Protantigius superans found in the Russian Far East (Primorye), north-eastern and central China and on the Korean Peninsula.
The habitat consists of gaps, stream bottomlands and edges of deciduous forests.
Adults are on wing from mid-July to mid-August.
The larvae possibly feed on Fraxinus rhynchophylla, Alunus hirsuta, Populus koreana and/or Salix species.
Subspecies
Protantigius superans superans
Protantigius superans ginzii (Seok, 1936) (southern Primorye, Korea)
References
Protantigius superans (Oberthur, 1914) at Insecta.pro
Theclini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
VAT "Krasnodonvugillya" (meaning: Krasnodon Coal, , ) is a coal-mining company located in the northern part of the Donetsk coal basin within Krasnodon district of Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine.
History
Krasnodonvugillya started as a group of Sorokino coal mines having yielded the first 110 ktonnes of coking coal in 1914. In 1935, the trust “Sorokino coal” was established. The trust united 25 coal mines. In 1936, the trust was renamed into “Krasnodon Coal”. In 1940, the company mined 2.44 Mtonnes of coking coal with the length of excavations reached 30 km. During its 93 years history (1914–2007), the company mined about 370 Mtonnes of coal.
Krasnodonvugillya was established in accordance with the Order No. 289 of Ministry of Fuel and Energy from June 8, 2004. In autumn 2004 the State Property Fund of Ukraine sold a 60% stake in "Krasnodonugol" to Avdiivka Coke Plant. In May 2005, OJSC "AKHZ" bought from the State Property Fund 39.91% of shares of Krasnodonvugillya.
Since 2006 the Public Joint Stock Company "Krasnodonugol" is a part of the Metinvest Group, which manages the mining and steel business jointly owned by SCM Group and Smart Group.
Activity
The main activity of Krasnodonvugillya is the extraction and enrichment of coking coal. The company also provides engineering and surveying works for exploration, construction and exploitation of mineral deposits, and performs other works.
Krasnodonvugillya draws from recoverable coal deposits of Krasnodon geological-industrial raion in Luhansk region, with coal bedding angles from 0 to 60 degrees at the depth of 400–1200 meters. The average depth of mining works is 711 meters, average thickness of a seam is 1.72 meters.
References
Metinvest
Coal companies of Ukraine
Wejinabikun Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada. It is about long and wide and lies at an elevation of . The primary inflow and outflow is the Magpie River, which flows downstream into North Wejinabikun Lake, and eventually into Lake Superior.
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Lakes of Algoma District
Steven Robiner is an American visual effects supervisor.
Biography
Robiner earned an MFA from the University of Southern California. He then supervised and co-produced the first ever digital visual effects motion picture created featuring the Marvel comic book super-hero Silver Surfer during his post graduate tenure at USC. After high acclaim and awards for that short, Robiner was quickly scooped up by the Hollywood feature film world where he quickly rose to prominence as a supervisor in the new digital medium of High Definition. He was an above-the-line credited visual effects supervisor for the first-ever all digital motion picture Rainbow in 1996 starring Dan Aykroyd and Bob Hoskins, followed by The Long Kiss Goodnight starring Geena Davis, and several other feature films, including one starring Scarlett Johansson in her first adult role.
After serving for over five years as the Senior Visual Effects Supervisor at the Sony Pictures High Definition Center, Robiner moved on to producing and supervising independent projects, such as the multiple award-winning comedy Damned If You Do starring David Alan Grier.
After 17 years, and numerous awards in the film industry, Steven Robiner chose to focus on painting, photography, mixed-media artwork and other literary projects culminating in an online collective of award-winning pieces. By 2006, he had amassed a significant track record as an award-winning new artist, with multiple juried and invitational gallery shows to his credit.
Notes
http://Robiner.com
http://naturascapes.com
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
Recycled Plastik is an extended play by Canadian electronic music producer Richie Hawtin under the alias Plastikman. It was released in 1994 by Novamute Records.
The EP, released a few months before the Plastikman album Musik, features "Spastik", which has been described as "perhaps [Hawtin's] most well-known Plastikman production, a signature track that never ceased to inspire feverish reactions among Hawtin fanatics." The remaining five tracks are likewise rooted in Hawtin's trademark minimal style.
Critical reception
Jason Birchmeier of AllMusic wrote that Recycled Plastik "isn't nearly as thematic or continuous as the other Plastikman releases, [but] it functions well for what it is, an EP intended to showcase 'Spastik' and set the stage for the upcoming Musik album."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Richie Hawtin – music, layout
Dominic Ayre – logo design
References
External links
1994 albums
Richie Hawtin albums
Novamute Records albums
is the first full studio album by Fujifabric, released in 2004 on the Capitol Records label.
Track listing
Taifu
"Tokyo Midnight"
Chart positions
Fujifabric albums
2004 debut albums
Raajavamsam () is a 2021 Indian Tamil-language family drama film written and directed by debutant K. V. Kathirvelu and produced by Chendur Film International. The film stars M. Sasikumar, Nikki Galrani with a supporting cast including Radha Ravi, Yogi Babu, Sathish and Vijayakumar. The film featured music composed by Sam C. S. The film was released in theatres on 26 November 2021 and received negative reviews from critics and it got bombed in the box office.
Plot
A young man, amidst a prestigious project in his IT firm, goes to his village to visit his family and meet his future bride. However, he learns that she is in love with his relative.
Cast
M. Sasikumar as Kannan
Nikki Galrani as Gayathri
Radha Ravi as Nilamegam
Yogi Babu as Mayakannan
Sathish as Kannan's friend
Vijayakumar as Kulasekaran
Thambi Ramaiah as Kalyanasundaram
Rekha as Rani
Sumithra as Kulasekaran's wife
Nirosha as Veeralakhsmi
Minnal Deepa
Preethi Shree
Manobala as Odduvathi Sekar
Raj Kapoor as Shanmugam
Jayaprakash as Sivanesan
Singampuli as Singampuli
O. A. K. Sundar as Kulla Pandi
Sridhar Subramaniyam
Namo Narayana as Karthikeyan
Chaams as Rangan
Sabbita Roi
T. M. Karthik as Deepak
Saravana Sakthi as Nilamegam's brother
Soundtrack
The soundtrack and score was composed by Sam C. S.
Release
The film was released theatrically on 26 November 2021. The Satellite rights was purchased by SunTV. Television premiere occurred on 15 January 2022.
Reception
Bharat Kumar of News Today said "the movie has moments that would appeal to family audience. But at some places it is trying to be more a melodrama laying thrust on family, bonding and emotions." ABP Live wrote, "Raajavamsam is an exhausting family drama that is not rooted in reality." Avinash Ramachandran of Cinema Express gave a rating of 1.5 out on 5 and wrote, "Raajavamsam prefers sticking to a tried and tested template that just ends up being tired and wasted." Suganth of The Times of India gave a rating of 1 out on 5 and wrote, "The film qualifies as an absolute cringefest with zero redeeming qualities."
References
External links
Indian action drama films
2021 directorial debut films
Films scored by Sam C. S.
The 1973 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1973 NCAA Division I football season. In its second season under head coach Fred Pancoast, the team compiled an 8–3 record and outscored opponents by a total of 264 to 167. The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included David Fowler with 759 passing yards, Dornell Harris with 564 rushing yards, Bobby Ward with 744 receiving yards, and Bobby Ward and Cliff Taylor with 42 points scored each.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Distrito Comedia (Comedy District) is a Mexican cable/satellite television network. The channel broadcast classic comedy shows (from the 1970s to 1990s), contemporary comedy shows (2000's) and original comedy shows (2010's).
Distrito Comedia (launched October 1, 2012) broadcast only Mexican comedy shows and sitcoms from TelevisaUnivision Mexico. Distrito Comedia replaced Clásico TV on (May 7, 2007 – October 1, 2012).
Current programming
Al Derecho y al Derbez (1993 – 1995)
Cero en Conducta (1999 – 2003)
La Hora Pico (2000 – 2007)
Diseñador Ambos Sexos (2001)
Güereja de mi Vida (2001 – 2002)
XHDRBZ (2002 – 2004)
La Familia P.Luche (2002 – 2004 / 2007 / 2012)
La Parodia (2002 – 2007)
Karaoke, Canta y no te Rajes (2013 - 2014)
Puedes con 100 (2013 - 2015)
El Guantazo (2013 - 2014)
Turnocturno (2013 - 2015)
Zona Ruda (2014 - 2015)
Un Tal Show (2014)
Quién se Roba el Show (2014)
Paranoia Total (2015)
La Casa de la Risa (2003 – 2005)
La Escuelita VIP (2004)
El Privilegio de Mandar (2005 – 2006)
Incógnito (2005 – 2008)
Vecinos (2005 – 2008)
¡Qué Madre tan Padre! (2006)
El Chavo Animado (2006-2014)
Amor Mío (2006 – 2008)
Una Familia de Diez (2007)
María de Todos los Ángeles (2009 / 2013)
Estrella2 (2012 – present)
STANDparados (2013 – present)
Nosotros Los Guapos (2016-2017; 2019)
Vas con To-do (2014 / 2020)
Me Caigo de Risa (2014 - 2017, 2018, 2019 y 2020)
Former programming
Festival del Humor (1997 – 2007)
Con Ganas (1998)
Ay María qué puntería (1997 – 1998)
La Güereja y algo Más (1998 – 1999)
Va de Nuez en Cuando (1999 – 2000)
¿Qué nos pasa? (1985 – 1988 / 1998 – 2000)
Parodiando (2012 – 2013)
María de todos los Ángeles (2009 / 2013)
Cachún cachún ra ra! (1981 – 1987)
Diversión Desconocida (1999)
Nosotros los Gómez (1987 – 1989)
Humor es... los Comediantes (1999 – 2001)
Hoy es para Amar (2013 – 2014)
Bajo el mismo Techo (2005)
Hospital el Paisa (2004)
Hogar Dulce Hogar (1974 – 1984)
¡Anabel! (1988 – 1996)
Dr. Cándido Pérez (1987 – 1993)
Derbez en Cuando (1998 – 1999)
El show de Joe y Freddiw (2011 - 2016)
Furcio (2000 – 2002)
Diseñador Ambos Sexos (2001)
Los Polivoces (1971 – 1973)
Chiquilladas (1982 – 1993)
Papá Soltero (1987 – 1994)
Objetos Perdidos (2007)
La Jaula (2003 – 2004)
La Carabina de Ambrosio (1978 – 1987)
Los Perplejos (2005 – 2006)
Par de Ases (2005)
El Chavo del Ocho (1972 – 1980)
El Chapulín Colorado (1973 – 1979)
Chespirito (1971 – 1973 / 1980 – 1995)
References
External links
Official Site
Television channels and stations established in 2012
Television networks in Mexico
Spanish-language television stations
Televisa pay television networks
Roclincourt () is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Geography
Roclincourt is north of the town of Arras, south of Lens, and approximately from Calais.
List of successive mayors
History
World War I
Roclincourt found itself uncomfortably close to most of the fighting during World War I, with tragic consequences for the village. During the opening years of the war, the nearby trenches were manned by French troops of the 10th Army. In February 1916, the 10th army was sent to reinforce Verdun, which had been under heavy attack by the Germans. In its place in the Roclincourt sector, British troops of 5th Division, 95th Brigade were sent in, namely the 1st Battalion of the Devonshire Regiment, who rotated every three days with the 1st Battalion of the East Surrey Regiment. The British troops were surprised and not pleased to find the trenches along this sector to be in a very poor condition. The parapets were in a very poor state and there were insufficient firing platforms. It took these two battalions some time to get the trenches back up to a good standard. On the plus side, the area had become relatively quiet, although there was a campaign of mining and counter-mining. To this day, craters can still be found along the line of the front in this area. The line suffered from occasional bombardments from the German lines. Both the Devonshires and the East Surreys suffered casualties due to these bombardments and members of both regiments can be found in the cemeteries around Roclincourt and Arras.
During World War I the village was very close to the front and by the end of the conflict it had been completely destroyed. The village was then rebuilt.
Transportation
Roads: east of N17, from Autoroute A26
Rail: LGV Nord from Arras
Bus: Local service
Air: provincial Airport of Roclincourt
Close to the village is a provincial airport which is called Roclincourt and has the Airport ICAO code LFQD, were there is one runway that is 1,025m in length and 60m wide. The village has excellent road links, being close to a junction on the A26 autoroute which gives it good access to the whole of the European motorway network.
Twin towns
Roclincourt has been twinned with Montesquiou, Gers, France, since 1999.
See also
Communes of the Pas-de-Calais department
References
External links
Roclicourt Battlefields
Finding Private Adams The story of one of the soldiers who lies in Roclincourt Military Cemetery
Communes of Pas-de-Calais
Zymeworks Inc. is a publicly held biotechnology company based in Vancouver,
British Columbia, that develops protein therapeutics for the treatment of cancer as well as for autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. The products are based upon the company's molecular modeling software for optimizing protein structure. In 2014, Zymeworks raised $44 million across various funding rounds according to PitchBook, placing it among the top 10 HealthTech businesses in the world to raise the most capital that year. In May 2017, Zymeworks held an IPO on the Toronto Stock Exchange, raising $59 million. This was the largest Canadian biotech IPO in more than a decade. By alphabetical order, Zymeworks is the last company on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
In May 2019, Zymeworks announced that GSK has expanded its 2016 licensing and collaboration agreement for the research, development and commercialization of bispecific antibodies across multiple disease areas. The extended agreement has meant that GSK can have access to Zymeworks' heavy-light chain pairing technology, which enables the development of bispecific and multifunctional therapeutics.
In September 2019, Zymeworks announced that, following their clinical trials, it has been confirmed that their ZW25 monotherapy can provide durable disease control in patients with a variety of HER2-expressing solid tumors that have progressed following standard of care treatments.
In May 2022, Zymeworks rejected an unsolicited takeover proposal from a Dubai hedge fund, All Blue Falcons FZE, an arm of All Blue Capital.
Azymetric
This is an IgG1-based heterodimeric antibody scaffold that consists of two different heavy chains engineered to exclusively assemble into a single molecule, allowing bi-specific binding to two different antigens or drug targets. The Azymetric scaffold is engineered by making amino acid changes in the CH3 region of the constant Fc domain of the IgG1. This scaffold can also be engineered with tailored effector function and optimized serum half-life.
Awards and recognition
Deal of the Year, Lifesciences BC Awards, 2018
Life Sciences Company of the Year, Lifesciences BC Awards, 2016
Emerging company of the year – Health, BIOTECanada Gold Leaf Awards, 2015
12th Place, BC's Leading Innovators, 2011
Life Science Emerging Rocket, 2009, 2010, 2011
Early stage Company of the year – Industrial & Agriculture, BIOTECanada Gold Leaf Awards, 2009
References
Biotechnology companies of Canada
Companies based in Vancouver
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2003
Pharmaceutical companies of Canada
Companies formerly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Jazmurian () may refer to:
Jazmurian District
Jazmurian Rural District
In computer software development, genetic Improvement is the use of optimisation and machine learning techniques, particularly search-based software engineering techniques such as genetic programming to improve existing software.
The improved program need not behave identically to the original. For example, automatic bug fixing improves program code by reducing or eliminating buggy behaviour.
In other cases the improved software should behave identically to the old version but is better because,
for example:
it runs faster,
it uses less memory,
it uses less energy
or
it runs on a different type of computer.
GI differs from, for example, formal program translation, in that it primarily verifies the behaviour of the new mutant version by running both the new and the old software on test inputs and comparing their output and performance in order to see if the new software can still do what is wanted of the original program and is now better.
Genetic improvement can be used to create multiple versions of programs, each tailored to be better for a particular use or for a particular computer.
Genetic improvement can be used with multi-objective optimization to consider improving software along multiple dimensions or to consider trade-offs between several objectives, such as asking GI to evolve programs which trade speed against the quality of answers they give. Of course it may be possible to find programs which are both faster and give better answers.
Mostly Genetic Improvement makes typically small changes or edits (also known as mutations) to the program's source code but sometimes the mutations are made to assembly code, byte code
or binary machine code.
References
External links
Open PhD tutorial http://phdopen.mimuw.edu.pl/index.php?page=z15w1 (also covers SBSE and CIT but last of three topics is Genetic Improvement of software).
International Workshops on Genetic Improvement: http://www.geneticimprovementofsoftware.com web pages include GI community pages http://geneticimprovementofsoftware.com/learn/about
Optimization algorithms and methods
Tools
GIN https://github.com/gintool/gin
PyGGI https://github.com/coinse/pyggi
The European Atlas of the Seas is an easy-to-use and interactive web-based atlas on the coasts and seas within and around Europe and provides information on Europe's marine environment. It is freely accessible on the internet. The latest version of the Atlas was released on the 16 September 2020 in the 24 official languages of the European Union.
The Atlas is provided by the European Commission, Directorate-General for Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, in the context of the implementation of the integrated maritime policy (Communication 'An Integrated Maritime Policy for the European Union', COM(2007) 575 final, 10/10/2007).
Other names: European atlas of the oceans, European coastal atlas, European maritime atlas, European marine atlas
Purpose
The European Atlas of the Seas brings statistical data in a comprehensive way to professionals, students and anyone interested in learning more about Europe's seas and coasts, their environment, related human activities and European policies.
Content
The European Atlas of the Seas offers a diverse range of information on topics.
Users can view predefined and ready to use maps, covering topics such as environment, tourism, security, energy, transport, litter, sea bottom, fishing activity, aquaculture, and much more.
Users can also benefit from an enriched catalogue with more than 250 map layers, covering a wide range of topics, to explore, collate and create their own maps. These maps can be printed, shared and embedded in articles or presentations. The Atlas is the ideal tool for schools, researchers and professionals, or anyone wishing to know more about the European seas and its coastal areas.
The Atlas is an Open Data platform and benefits from the important contributions of many data providers. These are primarily the European Commission and its agencies (European Environment Agency, Eurostat,…),
as well as the European Marine Observation and Data Network ([EMODnet]), which is a network of organisations supported by the EU's integrated maritime policy. The information source and date appears in each map's description.
Geographical coverage
The European Atlas of the Seas covers the seas and oceans within and around Europe:
Arctic Ocean
Atlantic Ocean, including the Celtic Sea, the Bay of Biscay, and the North Sea
Baltic Sea
Black Sea
Mediterranean Sea
Outermost regions of the European Union
White Sea
History
See also
European Maritime Day
References
External links
Atlas of the Seas, European Commission
Atlases
Oceans
Geography of Europe
Gnipahellir (Gnipa cave) is a cave in Norse mythology. Gnipahellir is the home of Garmr, the hellhound who guards the gates of Hel, the Norse realm of the dead. Garmr is often featured chained here until the onset of Ragnarök, at which time his bindings break and he runs free. Reference to Gnipahellir appears in Vǫluspá, Prophecy of the Völva, one of the poems of the Poetic Edda.
References
Other sources
Brodeur, Arthur Gilchrist (1916) Snorri Sturluson's The Prose Edda (The American-Scandinavian Foundation, CreateSpace Independent Publishing. 2011)
Lincoln, Bruce (1991) Death, War, and Sacrifice: Studies in Ideology and Practice (University of Chicago Press) .
Orchard, Andy (1997) Dictionary of Norse Myth and Legend (Cassell)
Simek, Rudolf (1996) Dictionary of Northern Mythology (translated by Angela Hall. first published by Alfred Kröner Verlag in 1984. Cambridge: D. S. Brewer)
Locations in Norse mythology
Fictional caves
Christopher Kalec (born April 7, 1980) is a former Canadian diver. Born in Montreal and raised in Laval, Quebec, he competed in the men's 10 metre platform events at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Canadian male divers
Divers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic divers of Canada
Sportspeople from Laval, Quebec
Divers from Montreal
Chical Có Department is a department of Argentina in La Pampa Province. The capital city of the department is Algarrobo del Águila.
References
Departments of La Pampa Province
The southern brown-throated weaver (Ploceus xanthopterus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in southern Africa.
Gallery
References
External links
Southern brown-throated weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Southern brown-throated weaver - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
southern brown-throated weaver
Birds of East Africa
southern brown-throated weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
United States v. Jorn, 400 U.S. 470 (1971), was a United States Supreme Court decision clarifying when a criminal defendant may be retried after a mistrial. In this case, where a trial judge abruptly declared a mistrial to prevent the prosecution's witness from incriminating himself, a second trial was barred by the Double Jeopardy Clause.
Jorn was charged with numerous counts of assisting in the preparation of fraudulent income tax returns. He was tried in the United States District Court for the District of Utah. Among the government's witnesses were five taxpayers whom Jorn had allegedly assisted in preparing fraudulent returns. As the first of these witnesses was called, the trial judge became concerned the witness was about to incriminate himself, and refused to allow the witness to testify until the same had consulted an attorney. Upon learning that all five witnesses were in the same situation, the judge discharged the jury and aborted the trial. The case was then set for retrial before a different jury, but Jorn argued that retrial was forbidden by double jeopardy.
The question of when a retrial is permitted after a mistrial is flexible and depends on the circumstances of the case. Here, the trial judge had acted sua sponte, abruptly discharging the jury without input from either the prosecution or defense. The Court used the framework of United States v. Perez to evaluate this action, asking whether there was "manifest necessity" to declare the mistrial. Here, the Court concluded, "the trial judge here abused his discretion in discharging the jury," suggesting instead the possibility of a continuance. Justice Harlan pointed out the potential injustice of subjecting the defendant to a second trial, writing, "Reprosecution after a mistrial has unnecessarily been declared ... subjects the defendant to ... personal strain and insecurity."
In conclusion, since there was not "manifest necessity" for the trial judge to declare the mistrial, Jorn could not be reprosecuted.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 400
References
External links
United States Double Jeopardy Clause case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
1971 in United States case law
Bocage's weaver (Ploceus temporalis) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in riparian zones of Angola, southern Democratic Republic of the Congo and northwestern Zambia.
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Portuguese naturalist José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage, who described the species in 1880.
References
External links
Bocage's weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Bocage's weaver
Birds of Central Africa
Bocage's weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Little City of Rocks Wilderness Study Area is a Bureau of Land Management wilderness study area in Gooding County, Idaho between the towns of Gooding and Fairfield. The WSA can be accessed via a short dirt road from Idaho State Highway 46. It covers and has a state inholding that covers . The WSA is located on the Bennett Hills and features a collection of rock features called hoodoos, which cover about 34% of the WSA. The Little City of Rocks WSA is contiguous (but divided by dirt roads) with three other WSAs in the Bennett Hills: Black Canyon, Gooding City of Rocks East, and Gooding City of Rocks West. Portions of the WSA's borders are formed by dirt roads, which also separates it from the Black Canyon WSA.
Sagebrush and grasses are the dominant vegetation in the WSA, although there is a small grove of quaking aspen on a north-facing slope on the WSA's northern edge. Elevations in the WSA range from to . Wildlife that can be found in the WSA include elk, mule deer, coyote, and various birds of prey and upland game. The WSA was not recommended to be included as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System because greater wilderness values can be found in the Gooding City of Rocks East and West WSAs. But the area will remain a WSA until it is released or designated a wilderness area.
References
Protected areas of Gooding County, Idaho
Protected areas established in 1992
Bureau of Land Management areas in Idaho
1992 establishments in Idaho
Bad Bayersoien () is a German municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria.
Gallery
References
Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district)
Spa towns in Germany
Coronavirus Task Force may refer to:
White House Coronavirus Task Force
Inter-Agency Task Force for the Management of Emerging Infectious Diseases, a Philippine government task force which responded to the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines
Oxyphenonium bromide is an antimuscarinic drug. It is used to treat gastric and duodenal ulcers and to relieve visceral spasms.
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Bromides
Tertiary alcohols
Carboxylate esters
The Australian Consortium for Interferometric Gravitational Astronomy (ACIGA) is a collaboration of Australian research institutions involved in the international gravitational wave research community.
The institutions associated with ACIGA are:
The Australian National University
University of Western Australia
University of Adelaide
Monash University
University of Melbourne
CSIRO optical technology group
Charles Sturt University
See also
AIGO
References
External links
ACIGA Home Page
The Centre for Gravitational Physics at the Australian National University
The Australian International Gravitational Research Centre at the University of Western Australia
Optics research group at the University of Adelaide
High Optical Power Test Facility located near Gingin, Western Australia
The School of Computing and Mathematics at Charles Sturt University
Astronomy in Australia
Gravitational-wave astronomy
The Ballerina is a bronze sculpture by Mike Larsen, installed in Oklahoma City's Civic Center Music Hall, in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The statue commemorates the legacy of Yvonne Chouteau, Rosella Hightower, Moscelyne Larkin, Majorie Tallchief, and Maria Tallchief, five Native American women ballet dancers named "Oklahoma's treasures" by former Governor Frank Keating. The sculpture was unveiled in 2007.
See also
2007 in art
References
2007 establishments in Oklahoma
2007 sculptures
Ballet in the United States
Dance in art
Monuments and memorials in Oklahoma
Sculptures of women in Oklahoma
Statues in Oklahoma
Zizeeria, commonly called grass blues, is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae, found in Africa and Asia.
Species
List of species classified under the genus:
Zizeeria karsandra (Moore, 1865) – dark grass blue
Zizeeria knysna (Trimen, 1862) – African grass blue, sooty blue
Notes
The following were previously included on this page but are not species in Zizeeria:
Zizeeria antanossa Mabille, 1877. A species in Zizina Chapman, 1910.
Zizeeria otis Fabricius, 1787. A species in Zizina Chapman, 1910.
Zizeeria labradus Godart, 1823. A subspecies of Zizina otis Fabricius, 1787.
Zizeeria ossa Swinhoe, 1885. A subspecies of Pseudozizeeria maha Kollar, [1844].
References
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Africa
Butterflies of Asia
Lycaenidae genera
Miyan Velayat () may refer to:
Miyan Velayat District
Miyan Velayat Rural District
The Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party (EPRP) (), informally known as Ihapa, is the first modern political party in Ethiopia, established in April 1972 (the founding congress was held from 2–9 April). Its first political program called for the overthrow of the Ethiopian monarchy, the removal of the feudal system, and the creation of a socialist democratic republic. The party was forced underground because the monarchy, headed by Emperor Haile Selassie, did not allow political parties or legal dissent.
Both the EPRP and another party, the All-Ethiopia Socialist Movement (MEISON) were enthusiastic supporters of the student-led 1974 Ethiopian Revolution that eventually led to the toppling of Emperor Haile Selassie and abolishing the monarchy the following year. However, following the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam to power as leader of the ruling Derg, the military junta that had taken control of Ethiopia, ideological conflict developed between the various groups.
The EPRP declared open war against the revolutionary government in 1976, and the government resolved to smash them as an act of self-defense in the urban areas. In the rural areas, Tigray and Gondar provinces, the guerrilla force of the party, known as the EPRA (Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Army), was also becoming active. The spiraling violence in the urban areas also led to the declaration of the infamous Red Terror campaign by the military regime against the EPRP and later MEISON. (For vivid details of the Red Terror campaign read To Kill a Generation). This bloody campaign caused the deaths of some 250,000 Ethiopians until it ended in 1978. The urban armed defense was pursued to an extent and dimension which harmed the party by forcing it to work in circumstances of unfavorable balance of forces.
History
The EPRP was founded under the name Ethiopian People's Liberation Organization (EPLO) in April 1972 in West Berlin, West Germany, by exiled Ethiopian students and with the assistance of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine. At this first congress, a Central Committee was elected and included Desta Tadesse, Kiflu Teferra, Kiflu Tadesse, Tesfaye Debessay, Berhane Meskel Reda, Iyasu Alemayehu, and Zeru Kehishen, with the latter four elected to the EPLO Politburo and Berhane Meskel Reda elected the organization's Secretary General.
For the first few years of its existence, the EPRP was of little importance until the arrival of the Revolution, after which it played a larger role. Over the year following the deposition of Haile Selassie, political and ideological conflict began to emerge between the EPRP and its major Marxist rival, MEISON. Part of their rivalry was based on the fact that, originally, the Derg had no political ideology, beyond the vague patriotic slogan of Itiopiya Tikdem "Ethiopia First" and turned to the leftist Student Movement, with its strong ideological grounding, for guidance; EPRP and MEISON were only two of a large number of groups which competed to be the Derg's political educators. Part of their rivalry was based on Marxist theory: for the Ethiopian Revolution to be an "authentic" one, there needed to be a vanguard party, and both groups wanted that role. Eventually, MEISON came to support the Derg and Mengistu, while the EPRP claimed that the Derg had betrayed the Revolution and stood in the way of a genuine "people's democracy". The political conflict ultimately escalated into violent conflict, with increasing fighting between the two groups. The violence reached its peak in 1976 when the EPRP began to launch attacks on public buildings and assassinate high-ranking Derg officials.
In response, Mengistu condemned the EPRP, claiming it had engaged in a campaign of "White Terror", and initiated a systematic and brutal campaign to exterminate supporters of the EPRP, initially with assistance from MEISON and officials of the local kebeles, known as the "Red Terror", against the EPRP and other political opponents. Surviving members of the EPRP were forced to flee the cities by August 1977, many fleeing to the group's rural stronghold on Mount Asimba in, among other places, Agame, where two of its founders, Tesfay Debessay and Zeru Kehishen, had family ties. There the EPRP received some support from the Eritrean Liberation Front (ELF). Although there were numerous meetings between the EPRP and other anti-government groups like the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), eventually the EPRP and the TPLF came to blows. EPRA units attacked TPLF units in two different locations in Agame on 23 February 1978, forcing them to evacuate the area. The TPLF brought two of its veteran companies from the west, and in a fierce counter-attack forced the EPRP fighters back to their bases at Mount Asimba. After a five-day battle, the TPLF captured their mountain stronghold, and the bulk of the defeated EPRP fled to sanctuary with the ELF. Eventually, many party members found their way to Gondar, continuing their struggle against both the Derg and the TPLF until Mengistu's government final defeat at the end of the Ethiopian Civil War in 1991.
References
External links
EPRP website
American source detailing timeline of Red Terror (Currently not available)
Information on Red Terror
1972 establishments in Ethiopia
Communist parties in Ethiopia
Factions of the Ethiopian Civil War
Federalist parties in Ethiopia
Political parties established in 1972
Political parties in Ethiopia
Rebel groups in Ethiopia
Robertine Barry (26 February 1863 – 7 January 1910), pseudonym Françoise, was an early French Canadian journalist and publisher and a popular member of Montreal society.
Early life
Robertine Barry was born in L'Île-Verte, Lower Canada to John Edmond Barry and Aglaée Rouleau. The couple had thirteen children.
John Edmond Barry eventually rose to local political prominence.
Aglaée Rouleau was a native of L'Île-Verte.
Barry attended elementary school in Les Escoumins from 1868 to 1873, and was a day student at the Couvent Jésus-Marie in Trois-Pistoles. From September 1880 to July 1882 she wrote for the student newspaper while at boarding school in Quebec. Barry often felt stifled by the rules of convent education and was often reprimanded for bad behavior. Barry graduated at age 20.
Barry was not interested in marriage. As she explained, "I am not among those who consider marriage as the goal to which must be devoted a lifetime of noble efforts."
Career
Inspired by the success of French journalist Séverine, Barry set her sights on a career as a journalist.
In 1891, Barry published her first pieces for La Patrie of Montreal under the pen name Françoise. The name honored Saint Francis de Sales and indirectly honored Barry's sister Evelyn who had taken holy orders on the feast day of Francis de Sales.
Barry's first article was on the importance of female education and it challenged the Catholic Church's control over schools. The article set off a firestorm. Honoré Beaugrand was her editor.
From 21 September 1891 to 5 March 1900, Barry wrote a weekly column for La Patrie under her pen name. Barry was the first hired to work full-time by a Quebec newspaper.
During the summer of 1895, Barry vacationed in Halifax and spotted the bell of the Fortress of Louisbourg in a local pharmacy. Barry used her column in La Patrie to organize a successful fundraising campaign to buy the bell. The bell is currently displayed at the Chateau de Ramezay.
Barry published Le Journal de Françoise, a bimonthly review from 1902 to 1909. The magazine, subtitled "Le Gazette canadienne de la famille", offered a wide variety of features intended primarily for women. The magazine also reflected Barry's interest in literature, publishing works of distinguished Quebec writers such as Laure Conan, Juliette Adam, Marie Gérin-Lajoie, Louis Fréchette and Émile Nelligan. Many female journalists in Quebec got their first break writing for Le Journal de Françoise.
Legacy
Barry is one of eight finalists for the $5 polymer bills in Canada.
References
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Library and Archives Canada
1863 births
1910 deaths
Journalists from Quebec
Canadian people of Irish descent
Canadian women journalists
Canadian women non-fiction writers
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Pseudonymous women writers
These were the team rosters of the nations participating in the men's ice hockey tournament of the 2010 Winter Olympics. Each team was permitted a roster of 20 skaters and 3 goaltenders.
Group A
Group B
Group C
See also
Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Women's team rosters
References
Men's team rosters
2010
Ryutist is a Japanese idol girl group formed in 2011. They made their major label debut in 2017 with their second studio album, Ryuto Geigi.
Members
Current
Muu Ikarashi (五十嵐夢羽)
Tomoe Uno (宇野友恵)
Satō Nonoko (佐藤乃々子)
Miku Yokoyama (横山実郁)
Former
Yūri Kimura (木村優里)
Wakana Ōishi (大石若奈)
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
Singles
References
External links
Official website
Japanese girl groups
Japanese idol groups
Japanese pop music groups
Musical groups from Tokyo
Musical groups established in 2011
2011 establishments in Japan
Bhalayakharka is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2517 people living in 470 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Rhamma is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
partial
Rhamma adunca (Draudt, 1921)
Rhamma amethystina (Hayward, 1950)
Rhamma arria (Hewitson, 1870)
Rhamma aurugo (Draudt, 1921)
Rhamma bilix (Draudt, 1921)
Rhamma commodus (Felder & Felder, 1865)
Rhamma confusa (Lathy, 1936)
Rhamma hybla (Druce, 1907)
Rhamma mishma (Hewitson, 1878)
Rhamma oxida (Hewitson, 1870)
Rhamma tyrrius (Druce, 1907)
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Weck may refer to:
de Weck, a Swiss patrician family from Fribourg
Beef on weck, a roast beef sandwich on a kummelweck roll
WECK, a radio station (1230 AM, 102.9 FM, 100.5 FM) in metro Buffalo, New York
Kummelweck, a salty roll similar to a Kaiser roll commonly shortened to “weck"
Weck jar, a German company popular for its glass jars
The Arizona Heat was a women's softball team based in Tucson, Arizona. From the 2004 season, it played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch. The team's home games were played at historic Hi Corbett Field.
Six of the players on the 2006 roster played college softball at the University of Arizona, and two more played for Arizona State University.
The team was suspended in February 2007 and ceased operations.
Notable players
Jessica Mendoza – Outfield
Danielle Henderson – Pitcher
References
Softball teams
Sports in Tucson, Arizona
2004 establishments in Arizona
Sport clubs established in 2004
2007 disestablishments in Arizona
Sport clubs disestablished in 2007
Defunct softball teams in the United States
Defunct National Pro Fastpitch teams
Defunct sports teams in Arizona
Women's sports in Arizona
Valeri (or Valery) Viktorovich Broshin (Russian: Валерий Викторович Брошин; 19 October 1962, Leningrad – 5 March 2009, Moscow) was a Russian-Turkmenistani professional football player and manager.
During his career he played for clubs such as FC Zenit Saint Petersburg and PFC CSKA Moscow. He earned 3 caps for the USSR national football team, and participated in the 1990 FIFA World Cup finals. He later received Turkmenistani citizenship in order to be eligible to play on the Turkmenistan national football team (1997–98).
He was the manager of FC Nika Moscow in 2005–2006.
In 2009 Broshin died of cancer at the age of 46.
References
External links
Profile
1962 births
2009 deaths
Footballers from Saint Petersburg
Association football midfielders
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Turkmenistan footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Turkmenistan international footballers
Russian emigrants to Turkmenistan
Dual internationalists (football)
1990 FIFA World Cup players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Turkmenistan
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Turkmenistan expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Veikkausliiga players
Belarusian Premier League players
Liga Leumit players
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Kuopion Palloseura players
CD Badajoz players
Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C. players
Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C. players
FK Köpetdag Aşgabat players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
FC Gomel players
Russian football managers
Deaths from cancer in Russia
Castelmur Castle is a castle in the village of Bondo in the municipality of Bregaglia of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The fortifications at Castelmur may be, after the Three Castles of Bellinzona, the most important example of medieval valley fortifications in modern Switzerland.
History
The castle site has been occupied and fortified since at least the Roman era. The important trade road over the Septimer Pass runs through the Val Bregaglia. At Bondo the valley narrows leaving a narrow passage between the Maira river and a large rocky outcropping, making the castle site an ideal location for a customs station and fortification. The Romans built a guard station and village named "Murus" according to the 3rd century Itinerarium Antonini. The foundations of several buildings as well as one building's hypocaust and two small votive altars have been excavated from the Roman settlement.
After the fall of the Western Roman Empire the Castelmur next appears in 842 as castellum ad Bergalliam. At that time it was owned by the Emperor and held by Constantius of Sargans. It included the porta bergalliae a custom and toll station located nearby. In 960 Emperor Otto I granted the castle and right to collect tolls to the Bishop of Chur to help secure this important alpine trade route. In 988 Emperor Otto III confirmed his grandfather's grant to the Bishop and specifically mentioned both the castle and the nearby Nossa Donna Church. The current tower was probably built around 1200.
Over the following centuries the Bishop of Chur and the town of Chiavenna quarreled over Castelmur and in 1121 or 1122 the town captured the castle. However, Pope Callixtus II intervened and forced Chiavenna to return the castle to Chur. In 1190 the Bishop granted the castle to Albertus de Castello Muro or Castelmur. His descendants ruled over the castle until 1264 when Albertus Popus Castelmur stole cattle from the nobles of Chiavenna and Piuro, led to an invasion and the castle being conquered in 1268. These nobles held the Castelmur for four years before returning it to the Castelmurs in 1272. Around 1340 the Bishop reclaimed the castle and then mortgaged it to the Planta family for 200 Marks. To discourage the Planta family from trying to completely annex the lucrative castle and tolls, in 1410 the Bishop mortgaged it to Jacob Perutt von Castelmur for 150 Gulden. Twenty years later the Bishop used a loan from the Salis family to buy out the mortgage and give it to them. In 1490, for the last time, the Bishop gave the castle to Michel Pfannholz. However, he abandoned it in 1538 and left the castle to fall into ruin.
The castle ruins were repaired and cleaned in the 19th century by Baron Giovanni de Castelmur. In addition to the castle, he repaired and rededicated the nearby church of S. Maria (Nossa Donna). The church's bell tower is a Romanesque construction, but much of the church itself, including the nave are from this 19th century renovation. The church was first mentioned in 988.
Castle site
The original fortification was a wall or letzi that straddled the valley between the Maira river and the castle hill. This wall, which was up to thick, had a gate that could be blocked by logs if needed. The remains of this wall are north-west of the main tower. In the 12th century a square tower with a ring wall were built on top of the steep outcrop. This tower allowed a noble family to take up residence and changed Castelmur from a toll collecting station into a regional administrative center. The five story square tower was on a side with walls on the lowest story. Much of this tower is still visible. The castle church was built below the castle hill south of the main tower. At some point, a second tower was added on a tall hill south of the main tower. This building measured about , though very little of it still remain.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Bregaglia
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Letzi
Franzensfeste (; ) is a comune in South Tyrol in northern Italy. It is named after the large Franzensfeste Fortress erected from 1833 to 1838 and Franzensfeste station is also known as an important railway hub.
Geography
Franzensfeste is located in the southern Wipptal valley on the Eisack river, about south of Sterzing and north of Brixen. The settlement is situated on the western side of the valley, at the Sachsenklemme narrow where it is only a few hundred meters wide, along with the Brenner Railway line and the state road SS12 while the Autostrada A22 (Brenner Highway), running elevated on the same side, pass through the lake in its northern part entering a tunnel on the opposite side; the state road cross than the Eisack river nearby the railway station due north. The valley is confined by the Zillertal Alps in the northeast and the Sarntal Alps in the southwest, rising up to the Tagewaldhorn peak at .
History
Origin
Franzensfeste was founded recently. The village dates from the 19th century when the construction of the fortifications was begun, to which the site is also closely linked in name (into Italian language), and the railway. The parish was originally Mittewald, still the common land, with the two villages of Oberau and Unterau.
Archeological findings have shown the area to be settled by 2500 B.C. as indicated by the finding of home pottery. The Wipptal has always played an important role in the transit of goods on the north-south bound, first as the Amber Road between Greece, Sicily and Northern Europe later in the Roman period, between Aquileia and the regions beyond the Alps; also a long stretch of the Roman Via Claudia Augusta has been unearthed.
In the 17th century, where the station is now placed, there were a few farms, one of which, was turned into an inn with the name "Post-Reifer". It is still in operation today.
Fortress
The military importance of the place became evident during the Tyrolean Rebellion in 1809 when General François Joseph Lefebvre, commander of 2500 Royal Saxon troopers, was defeated in an ambush by Andreas Hofer's Tyrolean insurgents at the narrow which later was called Sachsenklemme ("Gorge of the Saxons”).
In the 1830s, Emperor Francis I of Austria wanted to build a defensive system on the strategically-important Brenner route since he feared an invasion from the south. The village was settled for strategic purposes, was well protected by the surrounding mountainous and could block the entrance to the Eisack Valley. Work began on June 17, 1833, and the Franzensfeste Fortress was inaugurated by Franz' successor Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria on August 18, 1838. The construction of the fortress and later of the Brenner railway, helped thousands of workers who found accommodation in Franzensfeste contributing to the development and growth of the village.
In 1867 with the opening of a station on the Brenner Railway, Franzensfeste consolidated its role as a transport hub not only on the north-south direction, but also with the eastern branch-off into the Puster Valley (the Puster Valley Railway) to Carinthia and the Austrian Southern Railway line at Maribor in Styria, opened in 1871. The Franzensfeste Fortress, however, lost its strategic importance with the signing of the Triple Alliance military agreement by Germany, Austria-Hungary and the Kingdom of Italy in 1882. The fortifications were transformed into a military ammunition depot, which kept even when was transferred to Italy according to the 1919 Treaty of Saint-Germain.
In 1939 began the construction of the hydroelectric basin for the power plant in Brixen made necessary for the electrification of the railway; the work was completed the following year and the village of Unterau was flooded. Franzensfeste in 1940 was elevated to municipality, became an important railway junction and the infrastructure for the maintenance of the locomotives and housing the staff were built. Until the 1990s Franzensfeste was an important customs goods-station for cattle, but with the entry of Austria in the European Community has lost importance.
In the summer of 2008 the fortress of Franzensfeste was opened to the public for the first time as one of the locations of Manifesta 7, the European Biennial of Contemporary art. In 2009 the location hosted the so-called "Landesausstellung", an event remembering the Bicentenaire of the Tyrolean riots in 1809.
Coat-of-arms
The emblem of Franzensfeste consists of an argent inverted upsilon symbolizing the roads to the village. The gules area, on top left, symbolizes the rock; the azure, top right, the lake and the vert the meadows. The emblem was adopted in 1968.
Society
Linguistic distribution
According to the 2011 census, 59.63% of the population speak German, 38.51% Italian and 1.86% Ladin as first language.
References
Bibliography
Christoph Hackelsberger (1986). Die k.k. Franzensfeste: ein Monumentalwerk der Befestigungskunst des 19. Jahrhunderts. Munich: Deutscher Kunstverlag.
External links
Homepage of the municipality
Municipalities of South Tyrol
Anantapur Sports Village is the home to Anantapur Sports Academy (ASA) which is considered to be one of the Sport for Development Programs in India, the Anantapur Sports Academy is a sport for development programme with a vision to utilise sport as a medium to create social change amongst rural children and youth in Anantapur, by aiding in their holistic development, breaking down gender barriers and enhancing livelihood opportunities.
Currently, ASA runs programmes in the seven sporting disciplines of hockey, football, cricket, judo, softball, kho-kho and kabaddi, through 90 centres across Anantapur district engaging more than 10,840 children and youth, with 45% being girls.
ASA operates the program through three avenues: Grassroot Program, Development Centres and Anantapur Sports Village (ASV).
Over the past two decades, Anantapur Sports Academy has been working continuously with like-minded organisations both at the grassroots level, including rural schools and respective district/state/national sport federations, as well as larger development initiatives like Pro Sport Development (India), Learning Curve Life Skills Foundation (India), Manipal Academy of Higher Education (India), La Liga Foundation and La Liga Women (Spain), One Million Hockey Legs (Netherlands) and Stick for India (Spain) to attain the vision of achieving social change using sport.
Anantapur Sports Academy received Rashtriya Khel Protsahan Puaraskar, the highest award given by the Government of India in Sport For Development.
References
External links
Anantapur Sports Academy
Rural Development Trust (RDT) Official Website
Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh
Sports venues in Andhra Pradesh
Buildings and structures in Anantapur district
2000 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Sports venues completed in 2000
Antoine Louis Joseph Gueyrand Fernand Fouant de La Tombelle (3 August 1854 – 13 August 1928) was a French organist and composer.
Life
Born in Paris, Fernand de La Tombelle had piano lessons in his childhood with his mother Louise Gueyraud, a pupil of Sigismund Thalberg and Franz Liszt. From the age of eighteen he took private organ and harmony lessons with Alexandre Guilmant. At the Conservatoire de Paris he studied counterpoint, fugue and composition with Théodore Dubois. For his compositions he was twice awarded the gold medal at the Grand Prix Pleyel.
In the following years he performed as a concert organist throughout France. From 1896 to 1904, he was the first harmony teacher at the Schola Cantorum. Among his students were Louis Boyer, Auguste Leguenant, Marc de Ranse, Blanche Selva, Déodat de Séverac, and Jean Vadon.
In addition to music, La Tombelle, who was interested in many things, was active as a writer and columnist, sculptor and painter, art photographer, music ethnologist and astronomer. His wife Henriette Delacoux de Marivault became known as a writer under the pseudonym Camille Bruno.
Selected works
Œuvres lyriques
Operettas: Un Bon numéro and Un Rêve au pays du bleu (1892)
Cantatas: Sainte-Cécile, Sainte-Anne, Jérusalem, Jeanne d'Arc
Choral works:
La Bonne Route, for male choir (1908)
La Chasse, for mixed choir and piano
La Fausse Enchanteresse, for male choir (1908)
Légende de la Glèbe, for male choir
Le Soleil de Minuit, for soprano solo and mixed choir
Le Furet, for male choir
Le Veilleur du Beffroy, for male choir (1908)
Les Épousailles, for mixed choir
Les Tambourinaires, for male choirs (1908)
Nous n'irons plus au bois, for male choir (1908)
Ode à Jeanne d'Arc, for mixed choir
Septembre, for male choir
Vers la Lumière, for male choir
Orchestral
Incidental music: L'Apothéose de la cité, La Magdaléenne, La Muse fleurie, La Roche aux fées, Un Rêve au pays du bleu, Yannick
Suites: Impressions naturelles, Livres d'images, Suite féodale, Tableaux musicaux
Symphonic poem: Antar
Menuet Gay
Fantaisie for piano and orchestra, Op. 26 (1887)
Chamber music
Many pieces for solo piano
Prélude pour un conte de fées, for piano 4-hands
Sonate in D Major, Op. 40, for violin and piano
Suite for 3 cellos
Piano Trio Op. 35 (1894)
String Quartet in E Major, Op. 36
Sacred music
Oratorios: Crux, Les Sept paroles du Christ, L'Abbaye
Messes: Messe de Noël, for choir and organ, Messe brève
Motets: Sancta Maria succurre miseris, Benedicta es tu, Tantum ergo, Ave verum, Adoro te devote
Canticles: 2 Cantiques à la Très Sainte Vierge, for voice and organ: 1. La Couronne fleurie; 2. Chrétiens, Chrétiennes, à genoux!
Harmonium
Méthode d'harmonium
Méditation (in J. Joubert , Les Maîtres Contemporains de l'Orgue, vol. 1, Paris, 1912)
Toccata en fa mineur (in J. Joubert, Les Maîtres Contemporains de l'Orgue, vol. 1, Paris, 1912)
Cinquante Pièces d'Harmonium, L.-J. Biton, Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre (Vendée)
In Pace (à la mémoire d'Alexandre Guilmant) (in Tribune de Saint-Gervais, XVIIe année, Numéro spécial)
Organ
Offertoire pour Pâques, Pastorale-Offertoire et Six versets (Paris, Durand, c.1883)
Les Vêpres du commun des Saints: VIIe série, Vêpres d'un Confesseur Pontife, 8 "antiennes" for organ, Schola Cantorum, n.d.
Symphonie pascale, for organ (Entrée épiscopale; Offertoire; Sortie)
Pièces d'orgue, Op. 23 (Paris: Richault, 1888–1891)
Deuxième série de pièces d'orgue, Op. 33 (Paris: Richault, c.1891)
Troisième série de pièces d'orgue, no. 1: Rapsodie Béarnaise (Paris: Costallat, 1900)
Fantaisie sur deux thèmes (profane et grégorien): Chanson de Nougolhayro and Hymne de l'Avent (Paris: Schola Cantorum, 1907)
Cantilène, for organ: Vox angelorum (Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre [Vendée]: L.-J. Biton, 1911)
Suite d'orgue sur des thèmes grégoriens: 1. Offertoire sur "Cibavit eos"; 2. Élévation sur "Oculi" (Graduel); 3. Sortie sur "Lauda Sion" (Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre [Vendée]: L.-J. Biton, 1911)
Suite d'orgue sur des thèmes grégoriens empruntés à l'Office de Noël: 1. Prélude et Introït sur des thèmes extraits de l'Introït "Puer"; 2. Offertoire sur un thème de l'Offertoire de la messe du jour; 3. Élévation d'après un thème de la Communion de la messe du jour; 4. Communion sur un vieux noël; 5. Sortie sur le thème "Jesu Redemptor omnium" (Toccata dans le style ancien) (Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre [Vendée]: L.-J. Biton, 1911)
Suite d'orgue sur des thèmes grégoriens empruntés à l'Office de Pâques: 1. Prélude et Introït sur un thème de l'Introït; 2. Offertoire sur "Hæc dies"; 3. Élévation sur "Pascha nostrum"; 4. Communion sur un vieux Guillonéou, chant de Pâques, au temps antérieur à 1564 où l'année commençait le 1er avril; 5. Sortie sur l'Alleluia "Pascha nostrum" (Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre [Vendée]: L.-J. Biton, 1911)
Suite d'orgue sur des thèmes grégoriens empruntés à l'Office de la Pentecôte: 1. Prélude et Introït; 2. Offertoire; 3. Communion; 4. Sortie (Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre [Vendée]: L.-J. Biton, 1911)
Andantino en mi bémol majeur (in J. Joubert, Les Maîtres Contemporains de l'Orgue, vol. 7, Paris, 1914)
Voces Belli: 1. Pro Patria; 2. Pro Defunctis; 3. Pro Vulneratis; 4. Pro Lacrymantibus; 5. Pro Deo (toccata), in Les Voix de la douleur chrétienne, vol. 1 (Bruxelles: A. Ledent-Malay, 1921)
Publications
Les Pâtés de Périgueux, 1909 (Périgueux: P. Fanlac, 1990)
L'Oratorio et la cantate (Paris, 1911)
Discography
Sonate pour violon et piano; Sonate pour violoncelle et piano; and other works: Detroit Chamber Ensemble, collection du Festival international Albert-Roussel, Azur Classical, AZC 2012
Tombelle: Les Sept Paroles du Christ, conducted by Gilbert Patenaude
Fernand de la Tombelle: Mélodies Tassis Christoyannis, Jeff Cohen Aparté (AP 148, 2017)
2020: Acte Préalable AP0484-85 – Fernand de La Tombelle - Organ Works 1
2021: Acte Préalable AP0517-18 – Fernand de La Tombelle - Organ Works 2
See also
:fr:square Fernand de la Tombelle
References
External links
Musica et Memoria - Notice biographique détaillée
e-Partitions Musique d'orgue.
1854 births
1928 deaths
19th-century classical composers
19th-century French composers
19th-century French male musicians
19th-century organists
20th-century classical composers
20th-century French composers
20th-century French male musicians
20th-century organists
Classical composers of church music
French classical organists
French male classical composers
French Romantic composers
French male organists
Musicians from Paris
Male classical organists
East Park is the name of a ward of Wolverhampton City Council, West Midlands, England. It lies to the east of Wolverhampton city centre, stretching to the city's boundary with the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall. It also borders the wards of Bilston North, Ettingshall, St Peter's, Heath Town and Wednesfield South. It forms part of the Wolverhampton South East constituency.
Its name comes from East Park, a large urban park in the south of the ward. The ward also covers the Monmore Green and Deansfield areas.
Wards of Wolverhampton City Council
American Massacre: The Tragedy At Mountain Meadows, September 1857 is a non-fiction historical book by investigative reporter and author Sally Denton, released by Alfred A. Knopf in 2003.
Synopsis
The book is the historical account of members of a California-bound wagon train and the plundering of their possessions in Southern Utah Territory and the Mountain Meadows massacre of 140.
Critical reception
The New York Times described the book as, "A gripping account of the ambush in southern Utah that claimed the lives of some 140 members of a California-bound wagon train, and of the evidence pointing to its probable perpetrators.
Publishers Weekly, in its June 2003 review, wrote, "At times, she overreaches her sources, asserting as fact what is not attested to in the historical record, e.g., that Brigham Young struck a deal with a prosecuting attorney to fix the conviction of John D. Lee, the only attacker convicted of murder. She also wrongly claims that Brigham Young became fatally ill six months to the day after Lee's execution (it was five months later) in order to make Young's death fit a prophetic legend." Still, the review noted, "Although not as nuanced a historian as Brooks or Bagley, Denton is a marvelous writer who keeps this work of popular history as fresh and engaging as any novel.
Awards
2003 New York Times Nonfiction Notable Book
2004 Western Heritage Award Literary Winner for Outstanding Nonfiction Book
References
Notes
.
External links
Sally Denton's Official Website
Publisher's book page
American Massacre OCLC WorldCat entry
Mountain Meadows Massacre
History books about the American Old West
History books about the Latter Day Saint movement
LDS non-fiction
2003 non-fiction books
2003 in Christianity
Senator Gunderson may refer to:
Carl Gunderson (1864–1933), South Dakota State Senate
Jerome O. Gunderson (1923–2016), Minnesota State Senate
The COVID-19 pandemic in the Turks and Caicos Islands is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached the British Overseas Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands on 23 March 2020, and the first death occurred on 5 April. On 12 May, all cases were declared resolved, but on 20 June, new cases had been discovered. On 4 July 2021, all cases resolved again. On 8 July, new cases were discovered.
Background
On 12 January 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a novel coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness in a cluster of people in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China, which was reported to the WHO on 31 December 2019.
The case fatality rate for COVID-19 has been much lower than SARS of 2003, but the transmission has been significantly greater, with a significant total death toll. From 19 March, Public Health England no longer classified COVID-19 as a "High consequence infectious disease".
Timeline
March 2020
On 23 March, the first case in the Turks and Caicos Islands was confirmed.
On 27 March, The Royal Turks and Caicos Islands Police Force issued a mandatory stay at home order and curfew. Violators of the order were subject to fines, imprisonment and confiscation of vehicles.
April 2020
On 5 April, the first death due to COVID-19 had been announced. It was a middle-aged man who had recently travelled to the United States.
On 17 April, the United Kingdom send medical supplies to the Turk and Caicos Islands in three batches.
On 18 April, a patient transferred from the Turks and Caicos Islands to Jamaica for advanced critical care tested positive for COVID-19.
On 24 April, it was announced that the Turks and Caicos Islands now have the ability to test for COVID-19 locally and will commence widespread testing. Up to now the samples were forwarded to the Caribbean Public Health Agency.
May 2020
On 1 May, residents which are struggling to make ends meet will receive $200 food vouchers for a period of three months.
On 12 May, the number of active cases was zero. One person left the country which accounts for the math.
As of 14 May, there were no active cases. However, 54 people were in quarantine or under observation, with five suspected cases.
June 2020
On 20 June, two new cases had been discovered. One case was a quarantined resident who had returned to the island, the second had been in contact with the aforementioned person.
On 25 June, two cases of community spread had been discovered on the island.
On 29 June, an elderly man with underlying health conditions died from COVID-19.
Preventive measures
All schools have been shut for a month.
The Ministry of Health also enacted section 18 of the Emergency Powers (COVID-19) Regulations 2020, making it a criminal offence to spread or disseminate unverified or false information about the virus, whether the direct source of the information or not.
Cruise ships have been banned with the only port on the island of Grand Turk shut down until 30 June.
All airports, seaports, beach, schools, restaurants and other businesses are closed until 4 May. This was extended until 22 July.
Wearing of face masks is mandatory.
Starting on 27 March, the Turks and Caicos Islands will be under full lock down for three weeks. The lock down will end on 4 May and a phased reopening will commence. Curfew had ended on 22 June.
Statistics
Third wave
Chronology of the number of active cases
Second wave
Chronology of the number of active cases
First wave
Chronology of the number of active cases
See also
Caribbean Public Health Agency
COVID-19 pandemic in North America
COVID-19 pandemic by country and territory
References
coronavirus pandemic
Turks and Caicos Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands
Disease outbreaks in the Turks and Caicos Islands
Howard Fleming Hesson (June 18, 1891 – April 1, 1955) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played with the Toronto Shamrocks of the National Hockey Association during the 1914–15 season. Hesson also played with the Canadian Soo team out of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario in the American Amateur Hockey Association (AAHA).
He is buried at Greenwood Cemetery in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.
References
1891 births
1955 deaths
Canadian ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
People from Stratford, Ontario
Toronto Shamrocks players
Bonafide is the fourth studio album by the English pop/reggae singer Maxi Priest. It was released in 1990 by Charisma Records. The album peaked at number 47 on the Billboard 200 in the United States, while its biggest hit, "Close to You", was a smash, peaking at number one that year.
Three other singles were issued: "Human Work of Art" ("Close to You"'s predecessor, which did not chart in the US), "Just a Little Bit Longer" (a minor hit at 62) and "Space in My Heart" (failed to chart). However, the success of "Close to You" (a gold single on 30 October 1990) drove the album to gold status, which it received on 30 January 1991 by the RIAA.
Critical reception
The AllMusic review by Ron Wynn stated: "Priest scored a #1 pop hit with 'I Just Want to Be Close to You' from this album, which is more pop/R&B with a reggae touch than it is real reggae." The Los Angeles Times wrote that the album "avoids the scattershot syndrome that often afflicts projects with multiple producers." The Milwaukee Sentinel called Bonafide a "tour de force" and "smooth, seductive, stylistic and very, very addictive."
Track listing
Personnel
Maxi Priest – vocals, executive producer
Cleveland "Clevie" Browne – drums, percussion
Luís Jardim, Erskine Thompson – percussion
Peter D. Rose – keyboards, drums, percussion, drum programming
Sly Dunbar – drums, percussion, drum programming
Leo Grant – keyboards
Nellee Hooper – drums, percussion
Robert Lyn – bass, keyboards
Carlton Ogilvie – keyboards, drum programming
Martin Phillipps – keyboards
Dennis Rollins – trumpet
Robbie Shakespeare – bass
Handel Tucker – keyboards, drum programming
Stanley Andrews – guitars
Danny Browne – guitars, piano
Margo Sagov – backing vocals
Charts
Certifications
References
1990 albums
Charisma Records albums
Albums produced by Nellee Hooper
Maxi Priest albums
Dinesh Panicker is an Indian film producer, actor and TV producer. He entered the film industry in 1989 by producing Kireedam, a critically acclaimed and commercially successful film. He went on to produce different genre films in Mollywood. Later, he started acting in Malayalam films and serials, and is now the general secretary of ATMA (Association of Television Media Artistes).
Career
Panicker began his film career in 1989 by co-producing Kireedam, which stars Mohanlal and was directed by Sibi Malayil. The film's budget was and it was a commercial success. At first, Panicker wanted to play a small role as the husband of Parvathy's husband but he reconsidered it due to resistance from his wife. He later said he never dared to act in films he produced.
Panicker's second movie was Cheppukilukkana Changathi, a comedy-drama starring Mukesh and Jagadish. In 1995, he produced Boxer, which stars Babu Antony as an action hero. His next film, Kaliveedu, is a 1996 family drama. That year, he produced Rajaputhran, an action-drama film and the directorial debut of Shajoon Kariyal. It was released in both Tamil and Telugu. Mayilpeelikkavu, a mystery-thriller film, was produced in 1998.
Panicker reunited with Sibi Malayil for a romance film Pranayavarnangal, starring Suresh Gopi, Manju Warrier, Divya Unni and Biju Menon. He produced Mammootty-starrer political conspiracy crime film Stalin Sivadas, which was released in 1999. He tried a new formula in Malayalam films by casting television presenter Koottickal Jayachandran in a lead role in his movie Chirikkudukka. Panicker later started an acting venture in Malayalam films and television serials, and is now general secretary of the Association of Television Media Artistes (ATMA).
Filmography
As producer
Acting credits
Television
References
External links
Malayalam film producers
21st-century Indian male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Film producers from Kerala
Male actors from Kerala
Film producers from Kochi
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Male actors in Malayalam television
Indian television producers
Bloomsbury Publishing plc is a British worldwide publishing house of fiction and non-fiction. It is a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index. Bloomsbury's head office is located in Bloomsbury, an area of the London Borough of Camden. It has a US publishing office located in New York City, an India publishing office in New Delhi, an Australia sales office in Sydney CBD and other publishing offices in the UK including in Oxford. The company's growth over the past two decades is primarily attributable to the Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling and, from 2008, to the development of its academic and professional publishing division.
The Bloomsbury Academic & Professional division won the Bookseller Industry Award for Academic, Educational & Professional Publisher of the Year in both 2013 and 2014.
Divisions
Bloomsbury Publishing group has two separate publishing divisions—the Consumer division and the Non-Consumer division—supported by group functions, namely Sales and Marketing, Book Production, Finance and Technology. Imprints and book lists of publishing businesses acquired by Bloomsbury are assigned to the most relevant publishing division.
History
The company was founded in 1986 by Nigel Newton, who had previously been employed by other publishing companies. It was floated as a public registered company in 1994, raising £5.5 million, which was used to fund expansion of the company into paperback and children's books. A rights issue of shares in 1998 raised a further £6.1 million, which was used to expand the company, in particular to found a U.S. branch. In 1998, Bloomsbury USA was established. Bloomsbury USA Books for Young Readers was established in 2002, and in 2005, Bloomsbury acquired Walker & Co, a small company dedicated to publishing nonfiction. The Walker brand was discontinued in 2015 and sold to Walker Publishing Company.
In December 2008, Bloomsbury opened a branch in Doha, Qatar, under joint-partnership with Qatar Foundation. The publishing house created, called Bloomsbury Qatar Foundation Publishing, worked mainly with English and Arabic literature.
Bloomsbury Qatar Foundation Journals (BQFJ), an open access, peer reviewed academic publisher, was created in December 2010 as a joint venture with Qatar Foundation. Journal research articles were published through BQFJ's website Qscience.com. The company's partnership with Qatar Foundation ended in December 2015 and all of Bloomsbury Qatar Foundation Publishing works were incorporated in Qatari-owned HBKU Press. At the time of BQFP's dissolution it had published over 200 books. BQFJ's works were also incorporated in HBKU Press.
In 2012, Bloomsbury established a publishing office in India.
Acquisitions and imprints
Among the companies, book lists and imprints that Bloomsbury has acquired are:
Bloomsbury Academic (1986)
A & C Black (2000)
Whitaker's Almanack (2002)
T & AD Poyser (2002)
Thomas Reed Publications (2002)
Peter Collin Publishing (2002)
Andrew Brodie Publications (2003)
Walker Publishing Company (2004)
Methuen Drama (2006)
Berg Publishers (2008)
John Wisden & Co (2008)
Arden Shakespeare (2008)
Tottel Publishing (2009)
Bristol Classical Press (2010)
Continuum International Publishing Group (2011)
Absolute Press (2011)
Fairchild Books (2012)
Applied Visual Arts Publishing (2012)
Hart Publishing (2013)
Osprey Publishing (2014)
I. B. Tauris (2018)
Oberon Books (2019)
Zed Books (2020)
Red Globe Press (2021)
Head of Zeus (2021)
ABC-CLIO (2021).
See also
List of the largest UK book publishers
Object Lessons
References
External links
Bloomsbury Homepage
Bloomsbury Investor relations website
Bloomsbury Online Library
1986 establishments in the United Kingdom
Book publishing companies based in London
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Academic publishing companies
Publishing companies established in 1986
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
Multinational publishing companies
is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Tetsuo Ichikawa.
Cast
Hibari Misora
Kyōji Sugi
Kashō Sanyūtei
Toshiaki Minami
Kan'ichi Katō
室修平
Yūsaku Terashima
Kōji Nakata
Eiko Taki
Yōko Wakasugi
Toshiko Ayukawa
Haruyo Ichikawa
Akira Kishii
Shin Morikawa
References
Japanese black-and-white films
1955 films
Shochiku films
Japanese drama films
1955 drama films
1950s Japanese films
The Clash Hits Back is a 2-CD, 3-LP best of collection by the Clash released in September 2013.
The set was released simultaneously with an eleven disc box set titled Sound System along with 5 Album Studio Set, which contains the band's first five studio albums. They are expected to be the final releases to involve Mick Jones who said "I'm not even thinking about any more Clash releases. This is it for me, and I say that with an exclamation mark," Jones said.
Background
The best of album is sequenced to copy the set played by the band at the Brixton Fair Deal (now the Academy) on 10 July 1982, rounded out with big numbers that failed to make the set that night.
The Fair Deal was a special venue for the Clash, Paul Simonon told the Guardian, because of the memories it held as the cinema he and Mick Jones went to as children. "It's actually where I saw my first ever pop show," Simonon said. "We all turned up as 10-year-olds, and they said: 'Right, boys and girls, we've got a special surprise for you—we're not going to show you a film!' So everyone was: 'Booooo.' 'No. we've got a special surprise—we have Sandie Shaw!' And Sandie Shaw came on, and she was going on about not having any shoes. So we had an hour set from her, and that was my first pop concert."
The actual set the band played that evening has the song "Bankrobber" as the 5th tune, not the 8th. This is verified by audience recordings from the show. The band entered the stage to the sound of "La Resa Dei Conti (For A Few Dollars More)" by Ennio Morricone.
Track listing
All songs written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones unless otherwise noted:
Disc one
"London Calling" – 3:20
"Safe European Home" – 3:51
"Know Your Rights" – 3:39
"(White Man) In Hammersmith Palais" – 4:01
"Janie Jones" – 2:05
"The Guns of Brixton" (Paul Simonon) – 3:10
"Train in Vain" – 3:11
"Bankrobber" – 4:35
"Wrong 'Em Boyo" (written by Clive Alphonso; originally performed by the Rulers; including Stagger Lee) – 3:10
"The Magnificent Seven" (The Clash) – 5:33
"Police on My Back" (Grant) – 3:17
"Rock the Casbah" (Bob Clearmountain Mix) (Topper Headon/The Clash)– 3:42
"Career Opportunities" – 1:52
"Police & Thieves" (Junior Murvin, Lee "Scratch" Perry) – 6:00
"Somebody Got Murdered" (The Clash) – 3:34
"Brand New Cadillac" (Vince Taylor) – 2:09
"Clampdown" – 3:50
Disc two
"Ghetto Defendant" (The Clash) – 4:44
"Armagideon Time" (Willi Williams, Jackie Mittoo) – 3:50
"Stay Free" – 3:40
"I Fought the Law" (Sonny Curtis) – 2:39
"Straight to Hell" (The Clash) – 5:30
"Should I Stay or Should I Go" (The Clash) – 3:08
"Garageland" – 3:13
"White Riot" – 1:59
"Complete Control" – 3:13
"Clash City Rockers" – 3:56
"Tommy Gun" – 3:17
"English Civil War" (traditional, arranged by Strummer-Jones) – 2:36
"The Call Up" (The Clash) – 5:25
"Hitsville U.K." (The Clash) – 4:20
"This Is Radio Clash" (The Clash) – 4:11
"London's Burning" – 2:10 (Japan bonus track)
"City of the Dead" – 2:23 (Japan bonus track)
Charts
Certifications
References
2013 greatest hits albums
Legacy Recordings compilation albums
The Clash compilation albums
Albums produced by Sandy Pearlman
Albums produced by Bill Price (record producer)
Albums produced by Guy Stevens
The Portuguese East India Company ( or ) was a short-lived and ill-fated attempt by Philip III of Portugal, to create a chartered company to ensure the security of their interests in India, in the face of the mounting pressure and influence by their rivals; the Dutch East India Company and the English East India Company, following the personal union of the Portuguese and Spanish Crowns.
Background
Portuguese trade with India had been a crown monopoly since the Portuguese captain Vasco da Gama opened the sea route to India in 1497–1499. The monopoly had been managed by the Casa da Índia, the royal trading house founded around 1500, it is a first to start a joint stock company to trade in india. The Casa was responsible for the yearly India armadas. However, by 1560, the Casa's finances were in dire straits and in 1570, King Sebastian of Portugal issued a decree opening up trade to India to any private Portuguese national. As few took up the offer, the free trade decree was replaced in 1578 by a new system of annual monopolies, where the Casa sold India trading contracts to a private Portuguese merchant consortium, granting them a monopoly for one year. This annual contract system was abandoned in 1597, and the royal monopoly resumed.
The Iberian Union of 1580, which gave King Philip II of Spain the crown of Portugal, changed little at first. However, the increasing influence of the Dutch and English East India Companies on the Indian subcontinent and elsewhere in the East Indies after 1598 led the king to experiment with different arrangements to secure the Portuguese colonial empire. In 1605, he created the Conselho da Índia, to bring affairs in Portuguese India under closer supervision of the Habsburg crown. But this conflicted with older lines of Portuguese authority, and the council was eventually dissolved in 1614.
Proposal
It was around this time that the idea of a chartered private Portuguese East Indies company, organized along the lines of Dutch and English companies, was first conceived. This was promoted by Portuguese New Christian merchant and Mercantilist pamphleteer Duarte Gomes Solis who lived in Madrid, most notably in his Spanish language tract Discursos sobre los Comercios de las Indias (published 1622, although circulated earlier). Solis argued that a private joint-stock company could raise more capital, revive the Asian trade and compete more efficiently with the Anglo-Dutch in the Indian Ocean.
King Philip III of Portugal put the idea in motion in 1624 and appointed D. Jorge Mascarenhas, mayor of Lisbon and member of the Council of State, to head a committee to implement Solis proposal. Despite being supported by Olivares, the proposal faced much skepticism and opposition, particularly by the Duke of Villahermosa (head of the Council of Portugal), and Mascarenhas had considerable trouble securing investment commitments.
The Company
The Companhia do commércio da Índia (or Companhia da Índia Oriental) finally came into existence in August 1628, when it was granted a charter by King Philip III. The Companhia was to be governed by a Câmara de Administração Geral, composed of a president (Jorge Mascarenhas) and six administrators, elected by the investors, with full powers, although its judicial acts, administrative practices and finances were subject to review by an advisory Conselho do Comércio (Board of Trade) in the king's court in Madrid. The charter envisaged a two-year transition period, during which the royal Conselho da Fazenda would continue to supervise the India fleets, the Casa da Índia and the Armazém da Índia, before passing them all over to the Companhia's administration. The Companhia would be in charge of running & collecting the customs dues payable at the Casa.
The Companhia was established with a joint-stock block of six years, renewable for another six with a minimum subscription of 100 cruzados. The Companhia was granted a monopoly on trade in coral, pepper, cinnamon, ebony and cowrie shells, and could be extended to other items upon request. It had full administrative & juridical privileges, including the right to keep all spoils from seizures of Dutch and English ships (after deducting the royal fifth).
The crown was the largest investor, committing 1,500,000 cruzados for the first three years. Although some municipalities (esp. Lisbon) also invested, private individuals were less interested. To make it attractive, subscribers were guaranteed an annual return of 4% plus dividends and the subscriptions were laced with various privileges (e.g. title in king's household, protection from debt seizure, even the capital of New Christians convicted by the Portuguese Inquisition, had a measure of protection). Although there were provisions against allowing any other East Indies company to be formed in Habsburg territories, investment in the Companhia was open to all subjects of Philip III and his allies (thus Spaniards, Italians, Flemings, etc.) Nonetheless, none of this was enough to garner much enthusiasm from private individuals. The company was launched with only around half the capital it originally sought to raise.
The end
The Companhia proved unsuccessful. Investors remained skeptical, overseas Portuguese merchants rejected the new Companhia's authority, and the Anglo-Dutch breach of the old Portuguese empire in Asia had become irreparable, squeezing margins on the spice trade. The Companhia proved unprofitable, and soon ceased operating and was liquidated in April, 1633. The Casa da Índia and the India trade was brought back under the supervision of the Conselho da Fazenda (royal finance council).
See also
List of trading companies
References
Further reading
Disney, A.R. (1977) "The First Portuguese India Company, 1628-33", Economic History Review, Vol. 30 (2), p. 242-58.
Chartered companies
Portuguese Empire
Portuguese India
Defunct companies of Portugal
Colonial Indian companies
Maritime history of Portugal
Trading companies
1628 establishments in Portugal
1633 disestablishments in Portugal
Companies established in 1628
1620s establishments in Portuguese India
Kitulo National Park is a protected area of montane grassland and montane forest on the Kitulo Plateau in the southern highlands of Tanzania. The park is at an elevation of between the peaks of the Kipengere and Poroto mountains and covers an area of , lying in Mbeya Region and Njombe Region. The park is administered by Tanzania National Parks (TANAPA) and is the first national park in tropical Africa to be established primarily to protect its flora.
Locals refer to the Kitulo Plateau as "Bustani ya Mungu" ("The Garden of God"), while botanists have referred to it as the "Serengeti of Flowers".
Creation of the park
Protection of the Kitulo Plateau's unique flora was first proposed by the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS), in response to the growing international trade in orchid tubers and increased hunting and logging activities in the surrounding forests. In 2002, President Benjamin Mkapa announced the establishment of the park. The park was formally gazetted in 2005, becoming Tanzania's fourteenth national park. TANAPA has stated that the park could be expanded in the future to include the neighbouring Mount Rungwe forest.
Kitulo Plateau
The Kitulo Plateau lies between two parallel ridges. Its montane grasslands are home to 350 species of plants, including numerous ground orchids, geophytes, and other Afroalpine plants. During the November to April wet season the montane grasslands are carpeted with displays of flowers. Many species are limited to the Kipengere Range and nearby highlands, and three – Brachystelma kituloensis, Impatiens rosulata and Pterygodium ukingense – are limited the Kitulo Plateau.
Livingstone Forest
The Livingstone forest is a montane evergreen forest that descends the souttwestward-facing slope of the park. It is the largest block of forest in the park, and the largest in the Kipengere Range. Thickets of bamboo (Yushania alpina) can be found between the upper montane forests and the high altitude grasslands. The Livingstone Forest lies in the former Livingstone Forest Reserve (240.34 km²), which was incorporated into the national park when it was created in 2005. The Bujingijila Gap, a narrow corridor of farms and tree plantations, separates the Livingstone Forest from the Mount Rungwe forests.
The Livingstone Forest is home to three limited-range species of mammals – the endangered Kipunji (Rungwecebus kipunji), Rungwe dwarf galago (Galagoides sp. nov.), and Abbott's duiker (Cephalophus spadix). All three species also live in the forests of nearby Mount Rungwe.
In 2005, field scientists from the WCS discovered a new species of primate on and around Mount Rungwe and in the Livingstone Forest area of the park. Initially known as the Highland Mangabey, later changed to its Tanzanian name of Kipunji, it is one of the 25 most endangered primates in the world.
Ndumbi Forest
The Ndumbi forest, at the eastern end of Kitulo National Park, includes montane evergreen forest and forests of East African Cedar (Juniperus procera). The former Ndumbi Valley Forest Reserve (27.71 km²) was established in 1956, and was incorporated into the national park when it was created in 2005. The Ndumbi forest is also home to a 100-meter waterfall.
References
External links
Kitulo National Park, Tanzania National Parks website
Geography of Njombe Region
Geography of Mbeya Region
National parks of Tanzania
Protected areas established in 2005
Southern Highlands, Tanzania
Southern Rift montane forest–grassland mosaic
Tourist attractions in the Njombe Region
Tourist attractions in the Mbeya Region
2005 establishments in Tanzania
The is a Japanese bus company operating local and long-distance buses in Hokkaido prefecture, Japan. The company operates routes connecting cities within Hokkaido, as well as local city and chartered bus services.
Overview
Besides providing bus services within Hokkaido Prefecture, Hokkaido Chuo Bus also operates chartered buses. Its central business is transportation within the metropolitan areas of many cities in the prefecture, including Sapporo, Asahikawa, Otaru, Iwamizawa, Ishikari, Takikawa, and Eniwa.
Business offices
Otaru, Head Office
Sapporo Office (maintenance department, Sapporo division & Charter travel division)
Otaru division
Takikawa, Sorachi division
Major sales offices
Otaru division
Otaru, Shin Hokkaido Chuo Bus Terminal
Yoichi Office
Iwanai Bus Terminal
Otaru Bus Terminal
Sapporo division
Hiraoka Office
Nishioka Sales Office
Omagari Sales Office
Shiraishi Office
Sapporo-Higashi Office
Sapporo Office
Shinkawa Office
Ishikari Office
Chitose Office
Ebetsu Sales Office
Tsukisamu Office
Asahikawa Bus Terminal, (Asahikawa Office)
Sapporo Bus Terminal
Sapporo Station Bus Terminal
Sorachi division
Takikawa Sales Office
Iwamizawa Office
Takikawa Bus Terminal
Iwamizawa Bus Terminal
Rumoi Bus Terminal
Highway bus routes
Sapporo - Kitami, Abashiri
Sapporo - Otaru
Sapporo - Iwanai
Sapporo - Niseko
Sapporo - Tomakomai
Sapporo - Muroran
Sapporo - Kutchan
Sapporo - Obihiro
Sapporo - Kushiro
Sapporo - Nayoro
Sapporo - Chitose Airport
Sapporo - Kuriyama
Sapporo - Yubari
Sapporo - Asahikawa, Mombetsu
Sapporo - Engaru
Sapporo - Rumoi, Fukagawa
Sapporo - Biei
Sapporo - Iwamizawa, Mikasa
Sapporo - Hakodate
External links
Bus companies of Japan
Companies based in Hokkaido
Transport in Otaru
Transport in Sapporo
Alvin Leon Williams Jr. (born August 6, 1974) is an American retired professional basketball player who played for Villanova University and in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1997 to 2007.
College career
Williams graduated from Germantown Academy in 1993 where he was in the same graduating class as Bradley Cooper. He then went to Villanova as one of the most highly touted recruits sounding a charge led by head coach Steve Lappas to restart bringing homegrown talent from Philadelphia to the Wildcats, which had been dormant for years under head coach Rollie Massimino. During his senior season, Williams led Villanova in scoring and assists with 17 points and 4.5 assists per game. Along with Tim Thomas, Williams would take Villanova to a regular season Big East title and a berth in the 1997 NCAA tournament where they lost in the Second round to California featuring future NFL All-Pro Tony Gonzalez.
Professional career
Toronto Raptors
After being drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers in the second round of the 1997 NBA draft, Williams was traded to the Toronto Raptors in February 1998.
Williams worked his way into the Raptors' rotation under head coach Butch Carter, but greatly improved as the starting point guard under head coach Lenny Wilkens in 2001. He started all 82 games for two straight seasons in 2001–02 and 2002–03. During the 2002–03 season, which was his best statistical season as a professional, Williams averaged 13.2 points and 5.3 assists per game. After missing a third of the 2003–04 and the entire 2004–05 season with a knee injury, Williams rejoined the lineup at the start of the 2005–06 season. Unfortunately, the injured knee forced Williams back on the injured list after playing just one game that season.
On July 26, 2006, Williams was waived by the Raptors to make room for free agent guard Fred Jones. Reports said both the team and Williams had reached an agreement that resulted in the Raptors only having to pay half of Williams's remaining salary.
Los Angeles Clippers
On January 20, 2007, Williams signed a 10-day contract with the Los Angeles Clippers. He was not signed to a second contract after the first expired after appearing in two games in limited action.
Post-playing career
On July 1, 2009, the Raptors announced the hiring of Williams as an assistant coach for the team. This would mark the return of Williams to the organization since being waived by the team less than three years earlier.
On September 24, 2010, the Raptors announced that Williams would become the team's Director of Player Development.
In June 2013 he was let go from his position with the Raptors.
Since 2015 Williams has been an NBA Analyst with Rogers Sportsnet.
In September 2021, Rogers Sportsnet and the Toronto Raptors announced that Williams would take over the colour commentary duties on all Rogers Sportsnet broadcasts of Raptors games, replacing Leo Rautins on that network.
See also
Toronto Raptors accomplishments and records
Notes
External links
Career statistics at ESPN.com
College statistics at Sports-Reference.com
1974 births
Living people
African-American basketball coaches
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Pennsylvania
Basketball players from Philadelphia
Boston Celtics assistant coaches
Germantown Academy alumni
Los Angeles Clippers players
Point guards
Portland Trail Blazers draft picks
Portland Trail Blazers players
Toronto Raptors assistant coaches
Toronto Raptors players
Villanova Wildcats men's basketball players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Sportspeople from Philadelphia
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Jamaican becard (Pachyramphus niger) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. Its genus, Pachyramphus, has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae.
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Raffaele, Herbert; James Wiley, Orlando Garrido, Allan Keith & Janis Raffaele (2003) Birds of the West Indies, Christopher Helm, London.
Jamaican becard
Endemic birds of Jamaica
Jamaican becard
Jamaican becard
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Arthur Cullin was a British actor of the silent era who was born in Kensington, London. He is often credited as Arthur M. Cullin.
Selected filmography
The Answer (1916)
The Valley of Fear (1916)
Whoso Is Without Sin (1916)
Disraeli (1916)
A Romany Lass (1918)
Nature's Gentleman (1918)
A Smart Set (1919)
The Flame (1920)
The Yellow Claw (1921)
Blood Money (1921)
The Mystery Road (1921)
Dangerous Lies (1921)
The Sign of Four (1923)
Fires of Fate (1923)
The Desert Sheik (1924)
References
External links
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
Male actors from London
People from Kensington
20th-century English male actors
The Institute of Nuclear Materials Management (INMM) is an international technical and professional organization that works to promote safe handling of nuclear material and the safe practice of nuclear materials management through publications, as well as organized presentations and meetings.
The INMM's headquarters is located in Deerfield, Illinois in the United States, but its members are located around the world including Europe, Asia, South America and North America. There are more than 1,100 members and 32 chapters.
Les Shephard, vice president of Sandia National Laboratories' Energy, Security, and Defense Technology Center, said in February 2009 of the INMM and the American Nuclear Society,
Structure
INMM is led by an executive committee of nine members, including a president, vice president, secretary, treasurer, four members-at-large, and the immediate past president. In addition, INMM has several standing and two technical committees. Many organizations, such as Los Alamos National Laboratory and Brookhaven National Laboratory, are Sustaining Members of the INMM.
Technical divisions
In 2010, the INMM Executive Committee approved a restructuring of the Institute. This included changes in the technical divisions. Some were merged and a new division was created. The technical divisions are:
Facility Operations
International Safeguards
Materials Control and Accountability
Nonproliferation and Arms Control
Nuclear Security and Physical Protection
Packaging, Transportation and Disposition
The division is the focal point for information and activities related to the physical protection of nuclear materials, nuclear facilities, and other high-value assets and facilities.
Until 2010, the INMM had six technical divisions:
International Safeguards, focusing on the development of effective international nuclear material safeguards, and working to advance safeguard procedures and technology
Materials Control and Accountability, promoting and communicating the need for development of technology for the control and accountability of nuclear materials
Nonproliferation and Arms Control, promoting research to further international stability with regard to nonproliferation and international arms control
Packaging and Transportation and Disposition, promoting technology and research aimed at the packaging and transportation of radioactive materials, including all levels of radioactive waste
Nuclear Security and Physical Protection, focusing on research to advance technology for the physical protection of nuclear materials and nuclear facilities
Waste Management, promoting research to help find a solution for the worldwide waste management issues, focusing on each step of waste management including handling, processing, storing, and disposal for all radioactive waste
Best practices
The INMM develops and promotes global "best practices" for nuclear materials management. Best practices are based on past events, lessons learned, and ways to effectiveness and efficiency. They are focused on the six technical divisions and should be applicable to all countries with nuclear capabilities, both civilian and military.
In 2008, the INMM joined with Nuclear Threat Initiative, the United States Department of Energy, and the International Atomic Energy Agency to establish a new international organization called the World Institute for Nuclear Security (WINS) aimed at strengthening physical protection and security of the world's nuclear and radioactive materials and facilities. This organization's focus is on collecting information on best management practices from professionals responsible for on-the-ground security and sharing that information with their peer professionals around the world. These security professionals are in the best position to know where the vulnerabilities are, how to improve security, and how to ensure that improvements are implemented quickly and effectively. WINS will place a high priority on protecting sensitive information that may be discussed between members. Initial funding for the WINS included $3 million each from the Peter G. Peterson Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy plus $100,000 from Norway.
Chapters
The INMM has 32 chapters around the world, including six regional chapters in the United States and international chapters in Japan, South Korea, Morocco, Nigeria, Obninsk Regional in Russia, Russian Federation, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Ukraine, Urals, and Vienna.
The INMM also has 16 student chapters that offer opportunities including participation in a mentor program, meetings and workshops, publication subscriptions, and professional networking. Student chapters currently exist at Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Georgia Institute of Technology, Idaho State University, Ibn Tofail University, Jordan University of Science and Technology, Mercyhurst College Institute for Intelligence Studies, Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, North Carolina State University and other Triangle Area universities, Oregon State University, Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University, Pennsylvania State University, Texas A&M University, the University of Michigan, University of Missouri, University of New Mexico, University of Tennessee, University of Utah,
University of Washington, and Universitas Gadjah Mada
Meetings and workshops
INMM holds an annual meeting, an annual Spent Fuel Management Seminar, and a number of other workshops each year. These educational/networking events allow professionals in nuclear materials management to learn new strategies, keep abreast of the science and technology, and to meet with colleagues from around the world. In June 2005, INMM held two workshops in Prague, Czech Republic, sponsored by the Nuclear Threat Initiative (NTI).
Publications
INMM publishes the Journal of Nuclear Materials Management, a quarterly, peer-reviewed technical journal. In addition, the "Communicator", online newsletter is posted three times annually.
American physicist William Higginbotham served as technical editor of the Journal from 1974 until his death in 1994.
See also
American National Standards Institute
U.S. Department of Energy
U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Brazilian-Argentine Agency for Accounting and Control of Nuclear Materials (ABACC)
European Nuclear Society
International Atomic Energy Agency
American Nuclear Society
Nuclear Threat Initiative
World Nuclear Association
Nuclear Energy Institute
References
External links
Institute of Nuclear Materials Management
World Institute for Nuclear Security
International nuclear energy organizations
Nuclear materials
Nuclear proliferation
Nuclear technology
Professional associations based in the United States
Companies based in Deerfield, Illinois
Organizations based in Illinois
Donald Sloan ( – ) was a Scottish rugby union player.
He was capped seven times between 1950 and 1953 for . He also played for Edinburgh Academicals and London Scottish FC.
He was the son of Allen Sloan, who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
External links
Profile at scrum.com
Obituary in The Scotsman
1926 births
2008 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Rugby union centres
uPortal is a Java-based framework for creating enterprise web portals. It is sponsored by Apereo (formerly Jasig), a consortium of educational institutions and commercial affiliates sponsoring open source software projects focused on higher education. uPortal is free software under the Apache License 2.0. uPortal has integrated Apache Software Foundation's Pluto software to become JSR 168 and JSR 286 compliant allowing it to host portlets.
External links
ESUP-Portal (French universities using uPortal)
Java enterprise platform
Software using the Apache license
The Women's Individual Road Race at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic was held on the seventh day of the cycling competition, on 2003-08-16. The race had a total distance of 85 kilometres.
Results
See also
Cycling at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's road race
References
cyclingnews
Women's Road Race
2003 in women's road cycling
Road cycling at the Pan American Games
Cyc
Oxylides is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The members are Afrotropical. The genus was erected by Jacob Hübner c. 1819
Species
Oxylides albata (Aurivillius, 1895)
Oxylides bella Aurivillius, 1899
Oxylides binza Berger, 1981
Oxylides faunus (Drury, [1773])
Oxylides feminina (Sharpe, 1904)
Oxylides gloveri Hawker-Smith, 1929
Oxylides stempfferi Berger, 1981
References
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 67
Theclinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Protostyela is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Protostyela include:
Protostyela heterobranchia Millar, 1954
Protostyela longicauda Monniot, Vazquez, White, 1995
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
In strong interaction physics, light front holography or light front holographic QCD is an approximate version of the theory of quantum chromodynamics (QCD) which results from mapping the gauge theory of QCD to a higher-dimensional anti-de Sitter space (AdS) inspired by the AdS/CFT correspondence (gauge/gravity duality) proposed for string theory. This procedure makes it possible to find analytic solutions (closed-form expression) in situations where strong coupling occurs (the "strongly coupled regime"), improving predictions of the masses of hadrons (such as protons, neutrons, and mesons) and their internal structure revealed by high-energy accelerator experiments. The most widely used approach to finding approximate solutions to the QCD equations, lattice QCD, has had many successful applications; however, it is a numerical approach formulated in Euclidean space rather than physical Minkowski space-time.
Motivation and background
One of the key problems in elementary particle physics is to compute the mass spectrum and structure of hadrons, such as the proton, as bound states of quarks and gluons. Unlike quantum electrodynamics (QED), the strong coupling constant of the constituents of a proton calculates hadronic properties, such as the proton mass and color confinement, a most difficult problem to solve. The most successful theoretical approach has been to formulate QCD as a lattice gauge theory and employ large numerical simulations on advanced computers. Notwithstanding, important dynamical QCD properties in Minkowski space-time are not amenable to Euclidean numerical lattice computations. An important theoretical goal is thus to find an initial approximation to QCD which is both analytically tractable and which can be systematically improved.
To address this problem, the light front holography approach maps a confining gauge theory quantized on the light front to a higher-dimensional anti-de Sitter space (AdS) incorporating the AdS/CFT correspondence as a useful guide. The AdS/CFT correspondence is an example of the holographic principle, since it relates gravitation in a five-dimensional AdS space to a conformal quantum field theory at its four-dimensional space-time boundary.
Light front quantization was introduced by Paul Dirac to solve relativistic quantum field theories. It is the ideal framework to describe the structure of the hadrons in terms of their constituents measured at the same light-front time, , the time marked by the front of a light wave. In the light front the Hamiltonian equations for relativistic bound state systems and the AdS wave equations have a similar structure, which makes the connection of QCD with gauge/gravity methods possible. The interrelation of the AdS geometrical representation with light-front holography provides a remarkable first approximation for the mass spectra and wave functions of meson and baryon light-quark bound states.
Light front holographic methods were originally found by Stanley J. Brodsky and Guy F. de Téramond in 2006 by mapping the electric charge and inertia distributions from the quark currents and the stress–energy tensor of the fundamental constituents within a hadron in AdS to physical space time using light-front theory. A gravity dual of QCD is not known, but the mechanisms of confinement can be incorporated in the gauge/gravity correspondence by modifying the AdS geometry at large values of the AdS fifth-dimension coordinate , which sets the scale of the strong interactions. In the usual AdS/QCD framework fields in AdS are introduced to match the chiral symmetry of QCD, and its spontaneous symmetry breaking, but without explicit connection with the internal constituent structure of hadrons.
Light front wave equation
In a semiclassical approximation to QCD the light-front Hamiltonian equation
is a relativistic and frame-independent Schrödinger equation
where is the orbital angular momentum of the constituents and the variable is the invariant separation distance between the quarks in the hadron at equal light-front time. The variable is identified with the holographic variable in AdS space and the confining potential energy is derived from the warp factor which modifies the AdS geometry and breaks its conformal invariance. Its eigenvalues give the hadronic spectrum, and its eigenvectors represent the probability distributions of the hadronic constituents at a given scale.
See also
AdS/CFT
AdS/QCD
General Relativity
Quantum chromodynamics
Quantum electrodynamics
Quantum field theories
String theory
References
External links
Holographic QCD on arxiv.org.
Strong-interaction theories based on gauge/gravity duality, McGraw-Hill Yearbook of Science & Technology 2010.
The gravity of Hadrons, Nick Evans, Physics World, August 2005.
Quantum chromodynamics
General relativity
String theory
Sé is the name of the most central borough in the city of São Paulo, in Brazil, divided in eight districts. The name comes from the presence of São Paulo Cathedral (Catedral da Sé) in the borough, and it is also the name of the central square (Praça da Sé). Also located in the Sé are the Pátio do Colégio, site of the foundation of the city in 1554, the São Paulo stock exchange (the Bovespa), the mayor's palace and other historical buildings, including the Municipal Theater of São Paulo, the São Paulo Music Hall (Sala São Paulo) and the central railway Luz Station (Estação da Luz).
Immigrant groups established in the Sé borough include Italians (in Bela Vista), Japanese (in Liberdade), and Jews (in Bom Retiro). Sé is also the borough with the largest number of subway stations. There are many areas of popular commerce, like the 25 de Março Street (one of the most popular area of commerce in Brazil, though often illegal), and high-class areas such as Pacaembu and Higienópolis. The famous Paulista Avenue (Avenida Paulista) is the southwest limit of this borough, with the borough of Pinheiros.
The neighbourhood (and the later city) has developed between the three ancient churches of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Saint Benedict and Saint Francis of Assisi (which part of it was expropriated by Emperor Pedro II for the establishment of the Law School).
This borough is also an important college center with the very traditional Law School of the University of São Paulo and Mackenzie University, founded by North American Presbyterian missionaries in the 19th century.
References
Districts of São Paulo
Ulf Erik Wahlstedt (born 16 April 1976) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder. He is best remembered for his time with Helsingborgs IF with which he won two Allsvenskan titles and four Svenska Cupen titles, but also represented BK Astrio, IFK Göteborg, and Esbjerg fB during a career that spanned between 1993 and 2012. He won two caps for the Sweden national team and was a player for the UEFA Euro 2004.
Club career
Beginning his career with BK Astrio, he signed for the Allsvenskan club IFK Göteborg in 1994 and helped the team win the 1994, 1995, and 1996 Allsvenskan titles. He also represented IFK Göteborg in the UEFA Champions League. He signed for Helsingborgs IF in 1997 and helped the club win the 1999 Allsvenskan and a Svenska Cupen title before leaving for Esbjerg fB in Denmark. He returned to Helsingborg in 2004 and won another Allsvenskan title and three other Svenska Cupen titles before retiring in 2012.
International career
Wahlstedt represented the Sweden U17, U19, and U21 teams a total of 40 times before making his full international debut for Sweden on 24 January 1998 in a friendly game against the United States, playing for 76 minutes in a 1–0 loss before being replaced by Mats Lilienberg. Six years later, on 28 April 2004, he won his second and last international cap in a friendly 2–2 draw with Portugal. He was named in the Sweden national football team for UEFA Euro 2004 in Portugal, but did not play.
Career statistics
International
Honours
IFK Göteborg
Allsvenskan: 1994, 1995, 1996
Helsingborgs IF
Allsvenskan: 1999, 2011
Svenska Cupen: 1997–98, 2006, 2010, 2011
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Danish Superliga players
IFK Göteborg players
Esbjerg fB players
Helsingborgs IF players
UEFA Euro 2004 players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Association football defenders
Footballers from Gothenburg
Henry E. Brady is an American political scientist specializing in methodology and its application in a diverse array of political fields. He is Dean of the Goldman School of Public Policy at University of California, Berkeley and holds the Class of 1941 Monroe Deutsch Professor of Political Science and Public Policy. He was elected President of the American Political Science Association, 2009–2010, giving a presidential address entitled "The Art of Political Science: Spatial Diagrams as Iconic and Revelatory." He has published academic works on diverse topics, co-authoring with colleagues at a variety of institutions and ranks, as well as many solo authored works. His principal areas of research are on political behavior in the United States, Canada, and the former Soviet Union, public policy and methodological work on scaling and dimensional analysis. When he became President of the American Political Science Association, a number of his colleagues and co-authors contributed to his presidential biography entitled "Henry Brady, Big Scientist," discussing his work and the fields to which he has contributed and has also shaped.
Education and career
Brady attended Harvey Mudd College of the Claremont Colleges, graduating in 1969 with B.S. in mathematics and physics. He attended Union Theological Seminary for a year, assisted by a fellowship, then entered the doctoral program at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He completed doctorates in both Economics and Political Science in 1980. He taught at University of California, Berkeley; Harvard University; University of Chicago; and returned to Berkeley in 1990.
At Berkeley, he has directed the Survey Research Center, January 1, 1999, to July 31, 2009. The Survey Research Center conducted in-person, telephone, and self-administered surveys in the United States, and California in particular. Earlier he directed the University of California Data Archive and Technical Assistance (now D-Lab) from 1992 to 2009, and served on its governing board. From 1988 to 1990, he was director of the University of Chicago, Center for the Study of Politics and Society, National Opinion Research Center (NORC). He served on the editorial boards of a number of major journals in the field, including American Journal of Political Science, Evaluation Review, American Political Science Review, and Political Analysis.
From 2000 to 2008, Brady worked to improve voting systems in the U.S. through his writing and work on legal cases. His work on voting systems includes involvement with the 2000 presidential election in Florida, Butterfly Ballot Case, and the 2003 efforts to get rid of punch card ballots, where he worked with the American Civil Liberties Union in California and Illinois to challenge their use. In the 2003 California gubernatorial recall election Brady's research on the punch card ballot was cited in the federal case seeking to postpone the special state election. Brady published an account of his role in the punch card ballot case.
Honors and Awards
President, American Political Science Association, 2009–2010.
Class of 1941 Monroe Deutsch Professor of Political Science and Public Policy, University of California, Berkeley. 2003 to present.
PROSE Award for Excellence in the Social Sciences, Association of American Publishers for The Unheavenly Chorus: Unequal Political Voice and the Broken Promise of American Democracy
Society for Political Methodology, Career Achievement Award, 2012.
American Association for Public Opinion Research book award for Voice and Equality, 2012.
Society for Political Methodology Fellow, 2008.
Converse award (2007) for book making lasting contribution for Voice and Equality, 2007.
Elected fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science, 2006.
Giovanni Sartori Book Award, American Political Science Organization 2005 for Rethinking Social Inquiry: Diverse Tools, Shared Standards (2004), with David Collier, Rowman and Littlefield.
Harold Gosnell Prize for the best work of Political Methodology presented at a political science conference in the previous year. APSA, 2004.
Elected member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Harold James Innis Prize 1992–1993 for Letting the People Decide: The Dynamics of a Canadian Election (September, 1992), with Richard Johnston, André Blais, and Jean Crête, Stanford University Press in the United States and McGill-Queens University Press in Canada the best book in English in Canada.
Publications
Books
Unequal and Unrepresented: Political Inequality and the People's Voice in the New Gilded Age (May 2018), Princeton University Press, with Kay Schlozman and Sidney Verba.
The Unheavenly Chorus: Political Voice and the Promise of American Democracy (2012), Princeton University Press, with Kay Schlozman and Sidney Verba.
Rethinking Social Inquiry: Diverse Tools, Shared Standards, 2nd Edition, (2010), with David Collier. Rowman and Littlefield. Reprinted in a Japanese Edition in 2014.
Oxford Handbook of Political Methodology (2008), Oxford University Press with Janet Box-Steffensmeir and David Collier (editors).
Capturing Campaign Effects (2006), University of Michigan Press, co-editor with Richard Johnston.
Rethinking Social Inquiry: Diverse Tools, Shared Standards (2004), with David Collier, Rowman and Littlefield. Winner of the 2005 Giovanni Sartori Best Book Award of the APSA Qualitative Methods Section. Republished in a Japanese edition, 2008.
Voice and Equality: Civic Voluntarism in American Politics (1995), with Kay Schlozman and Sidney Verba, Harvard University Press.
Letting the People Decide: The Dynamics of a Canadian Election (September, 1992), with Richard Johnston, André Blais, and Jean Crête, Stanford University Press in the United States and McGill-Queens University Press in Canada. Winner of the Harold Adams Innis Award for the best book in the social sciences published in English in Canada in 1992–1993.
Monographs
"Counting All The Votes: The Performance of Voting Technology in the United States" (2001), with Justin Buchler, Matt Jarvis, and John McNulty. Berkeley: Survey Research Center and Institute for Governmental Studies.
"Expensive Children in Poor Families: The Intersection of Childhood Disability and Welfare" (2000), with Marcia Meyers and Eva Seto. San Francisco: Public Policy Institute of California.
Select articles, chapters, and reports
"Repeated Cross-Sections in Survey Data" 2015, with Richard Johnson, in Emerging Trends in the Social and Behavioral Sciences, Robert Scott and Stephen Kossyln (eds.), Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley and Sons.
"Political Mobility and Political Reproduction from Generation to Generation," with Kay Schlozman and Sidney Verba, The Annals, December 2014.
"Do Two Research Cultures Imply Two Scientific Paradigms?" (2013), Comparative Political Studies, Volume 46:2, 252–265.
"Who Speaks? Citizen Political Voice on the Internet Commons," (2011), Daedalus, Volume 140, Number 4, with Kay Schlozman and Sidney Verba.
"The Art of Political Science: Spatial Diagrams as Iconic and Revelatory" (June 2011), Perspectives on Politics, Volume 9, Number 2. Presidential Address to the American Political Science Association.
"Causation and Explanation in Social Science", The Oxford Handbook of Political Science (2011) DOI: 10.1093/oxfordhb/9780199604456.013.0049
"Turning Out to Vote: the Costs of Finding and Getting to the Polling Place" (2011), American Political Science Review, Volume 105, Number 1, February, pages 115–134, with John McNulty.
"Weapon of the Strong? Participatory Inequality and the Internet" (2010), Perspectives on Politics, Volume 8, Number 2, pages 487–510, with Kay Schlozman and Sidney Verba.
"Political Methodology: Post-Behavioral Movements and Trends," 2009, Chapter 48 in Robert Goodin, Handbook of Political Science, Oxford University Press, with Janet Box-Steffensmeier and David Collier. (A completely revised version of the introduction to the Handbook of Political Methodology).
"Conceptualizing and Measuring Political Identity" (2009), Chapter 2 in Rawi Abdelal, Yoshiko Herrera, Alastair Iain Johnston, and Rose McDermott, Measuring Identity: A Guide for Social Scientists, Cambridge University Press, with Cynthia Kaplan.
"An Analytical Perspective on Participatory Inequality and Income Inequality" (2004) in Kathryn Neckerman (ed.), Social Inequality, New York: Russell Sage Foundation.
"Refocusing the Discussion of Methodology" (2004) in Henry E. Brady and David Collier (eds.), Rethinking Social Inquiry: Diverse Tools, Shared Standards, Rowman and Littlefield, with David Collier and Jason Seawright pp. 3–20.
"Defining Welfare Spells," (2003), Evaluation Review, Volume 27, Number 4:395–420. with Samantha Luks.
"The Rolling Cross-Section Design," (2001), Electoral Studies, 21(2):283–295.with Richard Johnston. Reprinted in Mark N. Franklin and Christopher Wlezien (eds.), The Future of Election Studies, Pergamon Press, 2002.
"Law and Data: The Case of the Butterfly Ballot" (2001). PS: Political Science and Politics, 33(4):59–69. American Political Science Association. March, with Michael C. Herron, Walter R. Mebane Jr., Jasjeet Sekhon, Kenneth W. Shotts, and Jonathan Wand.
"The Butterfly Did It: The Aberrant Vote for Buchanan in Palm Beach County, Florida." (2001), American Political Science Review, Volume 95, Number 4, December, pages 793–810, with Michael C. Herron, Walter R. Mebane Jr., Jasjeet Sekhon, Kenneth W. Shotts, and Jonathan N. Wand.
"Trust the People: Political Party Coalitions and the 2000 Election," (2001) in Jack Rakove (ed.), The Unfinished Election of 2000: Leading Scholars Examine America's Strangest Election, New York: Basic Books.
"Categorically Wrong? Nominal Versus Graded Measures of Ethnic Identity," (2001), Studies in Comparative International Development, Volume 35, Number 3, pages 56–91, with Cynthia Kaplan.
"Subjects to Citizens: From Non-Voting, to Protesting, to Voting in Estonia During the Transition to Democracy" (2001), Journal of Baltic Studies, Volume 32, Number 4, pages 347–378, with Cynthia Kaplan.
"Conceptualizing and Measuring Political Participation" (1999) John P. Robinson, Phillip R. Shaver, Lawrence S. Wrightsman (eds.), Measures of Political Attitudes, Academic Press.
"Prospecting for Participants: Rational Expectations and the Recruitment of Political Activists" (1999) American Political Science Review, March pp. 153–168. with Kay Schlozman and Sidney Verba.
"The Populist Right in Canada: The Rise of the Reform Party of Canada," (1998) in Hans-Georg Betz and Stefan Immerfall, The New Politics of the Right: Neo-Populist Parties and Movements in Established Democracies, St. Martin's Press: New York with Neil Nevitte, Andre Blais, Elisabeth Gidengil, and Richard Johnston.
"Knowledge, Strategy, and Momentum in Presidential Primaries," (1996) Political Analysis, Volume 5, 1–38. University of Michigan: Ann Arbor.
"Beyond SES: A resource model of political participation" with S Verba, KL Schlozman. American Political Science Review, (1995) vol. 89 (2) pp. 271–294.
"Participation's Not a Paradox: The View from American Activists", British Journal of Political Science, (1995) 25(1), 1–36. With K. Scholozman and S. Verba doi:10.1017/S0007123400007043
"Traits versus Issues: Factor versus Ideal Point Analysis of Candidate Thermometer Ratings" (1991), Political Analysis, 2:97–129.
"The Dimensional Analysis of Ranking Data" (1990), American Journal of Political Science, 34(3):1017–1048.
"The Nature of Utility Functions in Mass Publics" (1989) with Stephen Ansolabehere, American Political Science Review, 82(4):143–163.
"Factor and Ideal Point Analysis for Interpersonally Incomparable Data" (1989), Psychometrika, 50(4):509–537.
"What's the Primary Message: Horse Race or Issue Journalism" (1987) with Richard Johnston in Gary Orren and Nelson Polsby (eds.), Media and Momentum.
"Conventions versus Primaries: A Canadian American Comparison" (1986) with Richard Johnston in George Perlin (ed.), Party Democracy: The Politics of National Party Conventions. Toronto: Prentice Hall.
"Attitude Attribution" (1985) with Paul Sniderman, American Political Science Review, Volume 79, Number 4 pp. 1061–1078.
"The Perils of Survey Research: Interpersonally Incomparable Responses" (1985), Political Methodology, 11.(3–4):269–291.
"Statistical Consistency and Hypothesis Testing for Non Metric Multidimensional Scaling" (1985), Psychometrika, Volume 50, Number 4.
References
External links
Living people
American political scientists
Public administration scholars
Survey methodologists
Harvey Mudd College alumni
MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences alumni
Harvard University faculty
University of Chicago faculty
Goldman School of Public Policy faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Vrioon is the debut collaboration album between Ryuichi Sakamoto and Alva Noto, released in 2002. This is the first album in the Virus Series followed by four other records: Insen (2005), Revep (2006), utp_ (2008), and Summvs (2011). The initial letters of the five albums together form the word "Virus".
Overview
A minimalist album, it is characterized by an unusual experimental sound driven by piano and distorted, clipped samples (a sound which Sakamoto and Noto would also experiment with in Insen in 2005). The album was elected among the first 50 albums of 2003 by magazine The Wire. It was also named album of the year in 2004 by The Wire magazine.
Reception
—Ben Tausig, Dusted Magazine
Track listing
"Uoon I" 13:51
"Uoon II" 9:40
"Duoon" 5:46
"Noon" 10:13
"Trioon I" 5:09
"Trioon II" 9:57
Personnel
Ryuichi Sakamoto – piano
Alva Noto – electronics
Carsten Nicolai – Additional Sounds
References
External links
Dusted Magazine review by Ben Tausig
Review by Textura
Review by Squid's Ear
2002 albums
Ryuichi Sakamoto albums
Alva Noto albums
Collaborative albums
Raster-Noton albums
B4 the Storm is the debut studio album by American hip-hop collective and record label Internet Money. It was released on August 28, 2020 via Internet Money Records and TenThousand Projects. The album was completed in one month and contains many throwaway songs that were reworked. The album features guest appearances from TyFontaine, Trippie Redd, Lil Keed, Young Nudy, Iann Dior, Lil Skies, Lil Mosey, Cochise, TheHxliday, Lil Tecca, Swae Lee, Future, the Kid Laroi, late rapper and singer Juice Wrld, 24kGoldn, A Boogie wit da Hoodie, Wiz Khalifa, StaySolidRocky, LilSpirit, Kevin Gates, Gunna, Don Toliver, and Nav.
Background
The album was first announced by Nick Mira and Taz Taylor in July 2020 during an interview with Lyrical Lemonade. Taylor stated: "We finalized our deal with 10K Projects in like August or September of last year [2019], but we had already been talking about an album for a minute. I brought it up to Elliot [Grainge] that I wanted to drop songs as an artist under Internet Money—just my favorite artists working together and putting songs together, like some DJ Khaled type." Taylor said he gave himself a deadline of June 1, 2020 to turn the album in: "So we did the whole album in a month, top to bottom: features, big artists, beats, everything. We mixed and mastered the whole album at least 50 different times". The tracklist was revealed on August 14, 2020, along with the release of the single "Lemonade". According to Taylor, B4 the Storm contains many "throwaway" songs that artists did not want. With the blessing of the artists, many of the songs were changed into completely new records.
Cover art
Alex Zidel of HotNewHipHop described the original album artwork, which "show[ed] an amusement park with American rapper and singer Trippie Redd's face opening up to allow people entry to the rides, much like American rapper and singer Travis Scott did for the cover of his third studio album, Astroworld. There [was] a special section for American rapper Lil Tecca and a blimp flying above for the late American rapper and singer Juice Wrld as each member of the Internet Money collective goes on a thrill-seeking rollercoaster ride". The artwork was designed by Moodzanzan.
Commercial performance
The album debuted and peaked at number 10 on the Billboard 200 during the chart week of September 12, 2020.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2020 albums
Hip hop albums by American artists
The Ben Day process is a printing and photoengraving technique for producing areas of gray or (with four-color printing) various colors by using fine patterns of ink on the paper. It was developed in 1879 by illustrator and printer Benjamin Henry Day Jr. (son of 19th-century publisher Benjamin Henry Day). The process is commonly described in terms of Ben Day dots, but other shapes can be used, such as parallel lines or textures.
Depending on the effect, color, or optical illusion needed, small colored dots are closely spaced, widely spaced, or overlapping. Magenta dots, for example, are widely spaced to create pink, or an interleaved pattern of cyan and yellow dots might be used to produce a medium green. The technique has been widely used in color comic books, especially in the mid 20th century, to inexpensively create shading and secondary colors.
The process differs from the halftone dots, which can vary continuously in size to produce gradations of shading or color, and are commonly produced from photographs. Ben Day dots are of equal size and distribution across a specific area, and are commonly applied to line art or graphic designs. To apply the dots, the artist would cut the appropriate shapes from transparent overlay sheets, which were available in a wide variety of dot size and distribution, to provide a range of tones to use. When photographically reproduced as a line cut for letterpress printing, the areas of Ben Day overlay provided the effect of tonal shading to the printing plate.
Ben Day dots have been used deliberately, usually to evoke their use in color comics. They were a hallmark of American artist Roy Lichtenstein, who enlarged and exaggerated them in many of his paintings and sculptures, to evoke the printing technique used in the comic book illustrations he commonly copied. The animated feature film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-verse (2018) uses a variety of visual styles, including illustrations with visible Ben Day dots.
See also
Dither
Letratone
Pointillism
Hatching (heraldry), the representation of color by monochrome lines.
Polka dot
References
Printing processes
Dot patterns
Engraving
Aletshausen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Of the 10.23 million people living in Sweden, it is estimated that around 20% are living with a disability. Since the late 20th century, Swedish policy toward disabilities has been centered around the idea of equal opportunity and equal rights for all. National, regional, and local governments play a part in creating an equal society, giving those with disabilities the chance to be economically and socially stable.
Currently, Sweden has a two tier disability pension program. The first tier is a universal disability pension program that allows anyone between the ages of 16 and 64 to receive disability pay if they are unable to do a quarter of what they could initially do. The second tier encompasses an earnings-related disability benefit that depends upon the contributions made by the workers and the level of disability.
Background
In the 19th and early 20th century, Sweden had little to no legislation protecting people with disabilities and openly treated them as second class citizens who didn't deserve to have equal opportunity. They would incarcerate people that were believed to have a disability, including children as young as seven years old to ensure that they wouldn't reproduce or contaminate society. This was Sweden's initial solution for dealing with people with disabilities.
In the mid-20th century, this began to gradually change as Sweden started to pass legislation that supported people with disabilities living outside of institutions and they began to toy with the idea of other programs that would help people with disabilities. In recent years, they have taken great strides towards guaranteeing equal rights and opportunities to people that have disabilities through the implementation of government programs and legislation, regarding education, employment, housing, and transportation.
Government programs and legislation
Since the 1980s, drastic additions to government programs and legislation have closed the gap of inequality between people with disabilities and those that are full functioning members of society, giving people with disabilities the opportunity to have jobs, receive an education, and live in their own housing with help if necessary. In order to qualify for any sort of disability pay, a person has to be able to do 25% less than what they were initially able to do. To qualify for full disability pay, a person has to be able to do 84% less than what they were initially able to do.
Social Services Act
The Social Services Act implemented in 1982 and since changed many times covers a wide array of people in addition to persons with functional disabilities, including the elderly, children, crime victims, and people that have alcohol or drug addictions. It states that those who are under the age of 65 with a functional disability are able to request services such as a companion to help with errands, special housing options that would allow them to be cared for 24 hours a day, and home help services if they need assistance with personal care.
Cash sickness benefit
If a worker is ill and unable to work, they will receive full pay for up to 90 days.
Education Act
The Education Act guarantees that starting at the age of 6, all children will have equal access to education opportunities. It also insures that children who may need extra help in school, meaning children that have disabilities will receive it.
Housing grants
These allow people to request grants in order to modify their living space to make it more accessible with their disability.
Vocational rehabilitation
Vocational rehabilitation is automatically offered to every person with a disability, but in order to receive a referral to a rehabilitation facility, it has to be believed that you will be able to do at least half of what you could do before the disability.
Car subsidies
People who are unable to ride public transportation or have a difficult time can request subsidies that help them purchase a car so they are able to get around easier.
Employment
A significant amount of research has been done on the employment of people with disabilities in Sweden and it has been found that although employers don't have a direct bias against people with disabilities, they are much more hesitant to hire them because of the future problems that they expect. Although there has been improvement, research has found that the number of adults with mental disabilities is extremely low in the regular workforce. Those that are working and have disabilities often feel that they are being left out of social outings and are given work that isn't relative to their level of skill, which causes dissatisfaction, increasing the chance that they will retire early.
Sheltered employment
One of the solutions for increasing the number of people with disabilities in the workforce has been sheltered employment. In Sweden, there's only one foundation that does this, called Samhall, which was established as a limited liability company in 1992 and receives government funding and subsidies to train their workers. Unlike most other countries, Sweden doesn't have any legislation or policies that are directed at sheltered employment policies. In Sweden, the average age of a worker with a disability in sheltered employment is 46 years old and the average time that a person with a disability works there is around 8 years.
Unlike many other countries, Sweden allows these workers with disabilities to sign a contract that is identical to what a general worker would sign. Another unique factor in Sweden is that almost 100% of workers with disabilities working in sheltered employment jobs are members of a union, guaranteeing them collective bargaining. The main goal of sheltered employment is to offer people with disabilities the opportunity to work with the same rights that they would have if they didn't have a disability. It also can help persons get back into the regular workforce, although, this is rare depending upon their disability.
References
Disability in Sweden
Social policy
Government of Sweden
The 1981 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina as an independent during the 1981 NCAA Division I-A football season. Led by Jim Carlen in his seventh and final season as head coach, the Gamecocks compiled a record of 6–6.
Schedule
References
South Carolina
South Carolina Gamecocks football seasons
South Carolina Gamecocks football
Rossana may refer to:
Rossana (given name), a feminine Italian given name
Rossana, Piedmont, Italy
Rossana (film), a Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández
See also
Rossana Lower and Rossana Upper, townlands of County Wicklow
Rosanna (disambiguation)
Rossano (disambiguation)
Roxanna (disambiguation)
The Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina is a state-recognized tribe in North Carolina. The tribe represents Lumbee people. They are not federally recognized as a Native American tribe.
With an estimated 55,000 members, the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina is the largest tribe in the United States east of the Mississippi River.
Creation
The Lumbee Regional Development Association (LRDA), a nonprofit organization, was initially responsible for maintaining Lumbee tribal membership rolls and providing social services to the members. After an attempt by the LRDA to gain full federal recognition for the Lumbee people as a Native American tribe in 1991 failed, some Lumbees began to criticize the LRDA as an inadequate representative for the group. The LRDA had a board of self-appointed directors and no constitution, which critics felt made it ill-equipped to genuinely represent the interest of Lumbees. They also felt that its limited jurisdiction meant it could not satisfy the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs's recognition criterium for groups with a "continuous political authority". To address these concerns, in 1993 a group of Lumbee community leaders formed a constitutional assembly, the Lumbee Tribe of Cheraw Indians (LTCI), and gathered delegates from historically-Indian church congregations in the area to draft a constitution for a tribal government.
Through dozens of meetings held throughout the year, the LTCI produced a draft constitution with separate branches of government which it wished to submit to the Bureau of Indian Affairs as a governing document if the Lumbee people earned recognition. The constitution provided for a government which could provide social services to Lumbees and represent their interests to other governments. To ascertain whether the document had the support of the Lumbee community, the LTCI hosted a referendum on it during the 1994 Lumbee Homecoming, with all tribal members over 18 years of age eligible to vote. The document was approved 8,010—223, a vote total including more than 20 percent of tribal members. Voters also elected Dalton Brooks to serve as the tribal chairman under the constitutional framework.
Following the referendum, a dispute over governance of the Lumbee tribe developed between the LRDA and LTCI. The LTCI sought to secure recognition from the state of North Carolina that it was the elected government of tribe and was thus the only suitable organization to petition the federal government for recognition, a role played by the LRDA since 1984. The LTCI sued the LRDA for this privileged status in Robeson County Superior Court in 1995. The court ultimately found that neither organization had full claim to serving as the Lumbee people's legitimate governing body, since the LRDA had a long-established record of providing social services to the tribe and the LTCI's referendum had garnered significant popular support. It ruled that the LRDA could continue to represent the tribe in petitions for federal recognition until "such time as the Lumbee Tribe selects, by the vote of the Lumbee People, a tribal council or other form of government [...] through its own self-determination."
In 1998, the court created the Lumbee Self-Determination Commission, composed of equal numbers of LRDA and LTCI delegates plus a group of Lumbees not associated with either organization. The commission surveyed tribal members' preferences for the structure of their governing organization. By November 2000, the commission had decided upon a 23-person tribal council representing 17 districts where Lumbees resided, with more councilors allotted to more-populated areas, and one additional at-large district. While most of the districts represented areas in southeast North Carolina in and around Robeson County, four of the districts respectively encompassed Charlotte, Greensboro, Raleigh, and Baltimore, Maryland, which had significant Lumbee populations. Elections were held for the council and its chairman, which were then inaugurated in January 2001 in Lumberton. Pembroke mayor Milton Hunt became chairman and selected a former LRDA board member as tribal administrator. Within a year, the council had decided to use the name "Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina" and finalized a constitution for its organization, largely based off the 1994 LTCI document. The constitution was ratified by a vote of tribal members in November 2001, 2,237 to 412, with turnout representing less than 10 percent of the tribe's eligible voters.
Tribal constitution
The preamble of the constitution of the Lumbee Tribe reads: "In accordance with the inherent power of self-governance of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina, the Tribe adopts this Constitution for the purposes of establishing a tribal government structure, preserving for all time the Lumbee way of life and community, promoting the educational, cultural, social, and economic well-being of Lumbee people, and securing freedom and justice for Lumbee people."
Article 1 of the constitution delineates the territorial jurisdiction of the Lumbee Tribe. This was initially declared to be the entire state of North Carolina, but fears of conflict with recognized tribes' territories in the state (in the event of further petitions for recognition) and the logistical challenges of delivering services over great distances led this article to modified by 2003 to only encompass Robeson, Hoke, Cumberland, and Scotland counties. At the same time, the four districts and council seats representing areas outside this region were abolished.
Article 2 defines the criteria for tribal membership. Similar to the LRDA's original enrollment requirements, a person must demonstrate their direct descent from a person who was identified as Indian on several documents dating from around 1900, including censuses, tax lists, the petitioners for federal recognition in 1888, an Indian school enrollment list, and church records. The article further requires that members must "historically or presently maintain contact with the tribe."
State-recognition
The North Caroline Assembly formally recognized the Lumbees in 1885. They amended their recognition, using the name Tribe of Indians of Robeson County in 1911 and Cherokee Indians of Robeson County in 1913. Responding to pressure from the tribe, the state recognized the name Lumbee in 1953. Governor Mike Easley affirmed in 2004 that the state had continuously recognized the Lumbee Tribe since 1885.
The North Carolina Commission of Indian Affairs which oversees state-recognized tribes and works with the federally recognized tribe in North Carolina was established in 1971.
Land base
Pembroke, North Carolina, is the headquarters of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina, and members mainly live in Robeson County, as well as Hoke, Cumberland, and Scotland counties in south-central North Carolina. Individual tribal members live across the United States.
Organizations and economic development
The tribe runs a housing program for its members, including rental homes and mortgage assistance.
In 2011, the Lumbee Tribe created Lumbee Tribal Holdings Inc., a domestic business, and Lumbee Tribe Enterprises, a limited liability company.
Governmental departments and programs
According to its constitution, adopted in 2000, the Lumbee tribal government is organized into three branches: the tribal chairperson (executive), the 21-member Tribal Council (legislative), and Supreme Court (judicial). The tribal chairperson and the Tribal Council are elected to three-year terms.
Executive branch
The current administration includes:
Chairman: John Lowery
Administrator: Tammy Maynor
Administration Assistant to Chairman: Camera Brewer
Enrollment Director: Reena Locklear.
Legislative branch
The tribe's legislative branch consists of 21 Elected Council Representative members from 14 districts who each serve 3-year terms.
Judicial branch
The tribe's judicial branch consist of the Supreme Court and the Tribal Administrative Courts. The Supreme Court consists of "five (5) sitting judges whom are nominated by the Tribal Chairman and appointed by the Tribal Council. Two of the sitting judges shall be graduates of accredited law schools and three shall be lay people. The Chief Judge bears administrative responsibilities and is elected on an annual basis by the sitting judges". The Lumbee's Tribal Administrative Courts "is established to provide due process and further protect the rights of tribal members, and designed to ensure tribal members are treated equally through the administration of tribal programs. The Tribal Administrative Court will hear cases dealing with the administrative issues such as housing, enrollment, and energy assistance".
Veteran Affairs
Veterans Affairs of the Lumbee Tribe offers assistance with educational benefits, community resources, and assistance for homeless veterans. They can also help with concerns such as: how to get into the Veterans Affairs Healthcare System, how to get prescription medications from the Veterans Affairs pharmacy, and how to arrange transportation to the VA Medical Center for appointments. It is not affiliated with, supported, nor endorsed by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
Elder Services
The mission of The Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina Elder Services is to assist Elders in maintaining an independent, healthy, and productive life by providing opportunities for services through a network of various community resources.
Youth Services
Youth Services provides the children of the Lumbee Tribe a healthy, positive environment. The Lumbee Tribe is committed to protect and support the tribal youth through their growth into becoming contributing members in the community. Programs offered include:
Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina Boys and Girl Club (located at multiple locations within Robeson County)
Cultural Enrichment Classes
Tobacco Prevention & Cessation Program
Homicide and Motor Vehicle Death Program
Teen Impact/Volunteerism and Community Service
Teen Impact is a tribal-based community service club for teenage members of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina. The Volunteer Program of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina assists and mentors the teen volunteer as he/she donates service hours to a community cause of their choice
Department of Energy
The Tribal Low Income Energy Assistance Program (LIEAP) provides a one-time payment to assist eligible American Indian families pay their heating cost. The application process is held the first two weeks of November each year.
Housing
The mission of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina Housing Program is to provide opportunities for affordable, safe and sanitary housing options for Lumbee Indian families in the service areas of Cumberland, Hoke, Robeson and Scotland Counties. Programs offered under the Lumbee housing program include:
Housing/Rehabilitation Program
Section 184 Loan Guarantee Program
Down Payment Assistance Program
Home-ownership Program
New Construction Program
Transitional Housing Program
37-Stock Program
Emergency/Rental Assistance Program
Mortgage Assistance Program
Housing RFP's
Lumbee Tribal Vocational Rehabilitation Services
This program provides vocational rehabilitation to any Lumbee Indian with a disability living in the Lumbee Tribal area. The objective of the program is to prepare for, obtain or retain gainful employment. It is their goal to improve the quality of life for Lumbee Indians with disabilities.
Activity
Every summer since 1968, the tribe hosts Lumbee Homecoming, usually from late June through early July.
See also
List of Lumbees
University of North Carolina at Pembroke
Notes
Works cited
External links
Non-profit organizations based in North Carolina
State-recognized tribes in the United States
Ebenezer "Slick" Smith (August 17, 1929 - January 27, 1997) was an American stock car racing driver. A native of Atlanta, Georgia, he was competitor in the NASCAR Grand National Series (now NASCAR Cup Series) and competed in the first-ever series race in 1949.
He was one of the first drivers to receive sponsorship from a car manufacturer, running the 1950 race at North Wilkesboro Speedway in a Nash Ambassador previously driven by Bill France Sr. and Curtis Turner in the 1947 Carrera Panamericana.
References
External links
1997 deaths
1929 births
Racing drivers from Atlanta
NASCAR drivers
Allen Rathel Bunn (September 24, 1923 – August 21, 1977), who was sometimes credited as Alden Bunn and who performed as Tarheel Slim, was an American singer, guitarist and songwriter whose work spanned gospel, blues, doowop, R&B, pop, and rockabilly. After singing in various gospel groups he became a member of The Larks before recording with his wife Anna Lee "Little Ann" Sandford, and then as a solo performer.
Biography
Early life and career
Bunn was born in Bailey, North Carolina. He seems to have used both "Alden" and "Allen" as his forename at different times; researchers Bob Eagle and Eric LeBlanc state that his birth records read "Allen". Initially he worked in local tobacco fields, but by the early 1940s he had started singing with various gospel groups, including the Gospel Four and the Selah Jubilee Singers, where he joined the latter group's founder, Thermon Ruth. Bunn was the group's baritone and second lead singer, and provided guitar accompaniment.
In 1949, Ruth and Bunn decided to form a secular singing group as a spin-off from the Selah Jubilee Singers. Initially called the Jubilators, the group recorded for four different record labels in New York under four different names on one day in 1950. Eventually settling on the name The Larks, the group's recording of "Eyesight to the Blind" on the Apollo label, with lead vocals and guitar by Bunn, reached number 5 on the Billboard R&B chart in July 1951; and the follow-up, "Little Side Car", also sung by Bunn, reached number 10 on the R&B chart later the same year. The Larks then toured with Percy Mayfield and Mahalia Jackson. Bunn lived in New York from 1950 for the rest of his life.
Early in 1952, Allen Bunn (so credited) left for a solo career, first recording blues for Apollo, accompanied by Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee, and then moving to Bobby Robinson's Red Robin label in 1953, when he was credited as "Alden Bunn" or "Allen Baum". Around 1955, he married Anna Lee Sandford (1935–2004), and they began singing together, recording as The Lovers for the Lamp label, a subsidiary of Aladdin Records. Their first record together, "Darling It's Wonderful", written by Bunn and arranged by Ray Ellis, reached number 15 on the R&B chart and number 48 on the Billboard pop chart, in 1957. Bunn also managed, and recorded with, a group known variously as the Wheels (on the Premium label) and the Federals (on the De Luxe label).
As Tarheel Slim
Bunn returned to solo recording, using the name Tarheel Slim, in New York in 1958, for producer Bobby Robinson's Fury label. His first recordings for Fury, "Wildcat Tamer" / "Number 9 Train", have been described by AllMusic critic Bill Dahl as "a pair of rockabilly raveups", and by another reviewer as "pinnacles of New York rock'n'roll". Both sides of the record featured guitarist Jimmy Spruill and Bunn. However, the record was not a success at the time, and Bunn's later recordings for Robinson's Fire and Fury labels, in the late 1950s and early 1960s, were all co-credited to the duo of Tarheel Slim and Little Ann. Their first record for Fire, "It's Too Late" – described as "a doom laden dirge with Slim's tremolo laden guitar work and Ann breaking down into a sobbing fit at the end" – reached number 20 on the R&B chart in 1959; the record was also issued on the Checker label. Later records by Tarheel Slim and Little Ann covered a variety of styles, including rockabilly, but none were commercial successes. The duo recorded briefly for Atco Records in 1963, but then disappeared from view.
In the early 1970s, Tarheel Slim was "rediscovered" by researcher Peter Lowry, and emerged to play solo, with acoustic guitar in the style of Brownie McGhee, at festivals and for college audiences. He recorded an album, No Time At All, released on Trix Records in 1975, with pianist Big Chief Ellis on some tracks. He also played with John Cephas on Ellis' own 1977 album.
Tarheel Slim was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1977, and died from pneumonia brought on by chemotherapy, at the age of 53.
References
External links
Discography
Peter Lowry, "Remembering Tarheel Slim", Blues & Rhythm, #286
1923 births
1977 deaths
American blues singers
American blues guitarists
People from Nash County, North Carolina
Singers from North Carolina
African-American guitarists
Guitarists from North Carolina
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century African-American male singers
The 1930 Washington Senators won 94 games, lost 60, and finished in second place in the American League. They were managed by Walter Johnson and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Notes
References
1930 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1930 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Wash
The Good Times is the fourth studio album by Mississippi-based rapper Afroman. It was released after his record deal with Universal Records, and is composed of material taken from his previous independent releases. It contains his two hit singles: "Because I Got High" and "Crazy Rap", along with his other popular songs from his two albums. Most of the songs on the album are about growing up in the ghetto of East Palmdale. The album was certified gold in the United States on October 24, 2001 by the RIAA.
Track listing
"Because I Got High" (radio edit) – 3:20
"Crazy Rap" – 5:55
"She Won't Let Me Fuck" – 6:03
"Hush" – 4:42
"Tumbleweed" – 5:23
"Let's All Get Drunk" – 5:54
"Tall Cans" – 7:14
"Palmdale" – 6:42
"Mississippi" – 5:34
"The American Dream" – 2:53
"Because I Got High" (extended version) – 5:10
Notes
"Mississippi" was remade for The Good Times, and is not the same as the original Because I Got High version.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2001 compilation albums
Afroman albums
Universal Records compilation albums
Alexander Davidovich Brener () (born 1957, in Alma-Ata, Kazak ASSR, Soviet Union), is a Russian performance artist and a self-described political activist. He is considered one of the main figures of Moscow Actionism along with Oleg Kulik.
Work
Brener's performances of note include defecating in front of a painting by Vincent van Gogh at the Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow, having sex in front of the Monument to Alexander Pushkin (Rostov-on-Don), and vandalizing art works by other artists.
He was jailed in 1997 for painting a green dollar sign on Kazimir Malevich's painting Suprematisme. In the court case Brener said in his defense:
The cross is a symbol of suffering, the dollar sign a symbol of trade and merchandise. On humanitarian grounds are the ideas of Jesus Christ of higher significance than those of the money. What I did was not against the painting. I view my act as a dialogue with Malevich.
Giancarlo Politi, the editor of Flash Art, resolutely defended Brener from the pages of his magazine, stirring controversy and campaigning for his acquittal. Brener was sentenced to five months in prison, where he wrote the essay Obossani Pistolet. In the text he explains his beliefs and summarizes his actions. In 2000 Brener disrupted the press conference of Manifesta 3 in Ljubljana by spraying slogans on the presentation screen and handing out leaflets stating: "Demolish neo-liberalist multicultural art system now!" Bodyguards came and dragged Brener out of the hall. He was later arrested by Slovenian secret police in the streets. In 2003 Brener vandalized the work of Swiss-Italian artist Gianni Motti during the opening of Motti's exhibition "Turnover" at Artra Gallery in Milan.
Brener co-wrote a number of books together with Austrian artist and critic Barbara Schurz, including Bukaka spat Here, Tattoos auf Gefängnissen, Anti Technologies of Resistance and The Art of Destruction.
Brener is mentioned in passing in Stewart Home's 2007 novel Memphis Underground.
An artwork by the art collective IOCOSE is dedicated to Brener.
Books
Furzende Völker: Ein Dokumental-Roman (2000, Austria, Edition Selene. )
Demolish Serious Culture! (2000, Austria, Edition Selene. )
Tattoos auf Gefängnissen (2001, Austria, Edition Selene. )
Bukaka Spat Here (2001, Austria, Edition Selene. ; 2002, UK, )
The Art of Destruction (2005, Austria)
See also
Neoism
References
External links
Article:
Article: 'Violence to Endurance: Extreme Curating' at the ICA
Letter of support for Brener: https://web.archive.org/web/20070116125615/http://www.ljudmila.org/embassy/brener.htm
Review: Josephine Berry, Bukaka Spat Here, Mute, Vol 1. no 24 Beach or Border?
1957 births
Living people
Russian performance artists
Russian contemporary artists
Russian Jews
Herzen University alumni
Vokes Hill Corner to Cook Road is a remote unsealed outback track that links Vokes Hill Corner on the Anne Beadell Highway to Cook on the Trans-Australian Railway in the far west of South Australia. It was built by Len Beadell for the Australian Government's Weapons Research Establishment in late 1961.
Background
The Vokes Hill Corner to Cook road was built as part of a series of roads that were constructed to support the Woomera Rocket Range project during the 1950s and 1960s.
The road provided access to the Trans-Australian Railway line for ease of re-supply, while construction of the Anne Beadell Highway was still taking place. It also completed a loop together with the Maralinga to Emu Road so that Native Patrol Officers could monitor the movements of Aboriginal people through the desert. Reconnaissance for the road was made difficult as the direction of sand ridges was across the path of Beadell's vehicle, and the northern half of the track was through thick mulga scrub. It was not until Beadell reached the Nullarbor Plain that the ground became firmer and more open. Construction from Vokes Hill Corner began on 23 September 1961 and reached Cook on 20 November 1961. En routes the road passed three native wells that Beadell had re-located, namely Waldana, Churina and Bringyna.
Vokes Hill was named during an expedition by explorer Richard Maurice in July 1901. His general hand and cook on the journey was William Paul Voake.
See also
Anne Beadell Highway
British nuclear tests at Maralinga
Maralinga Tjarutja
References
1961 establishments in Australia
Australian outback tracks
Roads built by Len Beadell
The Doll Squad is a 1973 low-budget Z-grade action film by Feature-Faire that was later re-released under the title Seduce and Destroy. Directed, edited, co-written and co-produced by Ted V. Mikels, it features Francine York, Michael Ansara, John Carter, Anthony Eisley, Leigh Christian and Tura Satana. Mikels claimed he filmed it for a total cost of $256,000.
Plot
CIA operative Connolly assigns Sabrina, the leader of a group of five shapely female operatives individually selected by a computer. Code named the Doll Squad, they thwart the efforts of a madman who formerly worked alongside Sabrina as a fellow CIA agent who has become an entrepreneur to overthrow world governments. His plan is to release rats infected with bubonic plague.
Cast
Michael Ansara as Eamon O'Reilly
Francine York as Sabrina Kincaid
Anthony Eisley as Victor Connelly
John Carter as Senator Stockwell
Tura Satana as Lavelle Sumara
Lisa Todd as Maria
Rafael Campos as Rafael
Lillian Garrett as Nancy Malone
William Bagdad as Joseph
Herb Robins as Munson
Curt Matson as Captain Curran
Christopher Augustine
Bertil Unger as Mr. Cahaymen
Gustaf Unger as Dr. Cahaymen
Richard Reed
William Bonano
Judith McConnell as Elizabeth White
Jean London as Kim Duval
Sherri Vernon as Cat
Production
Mikels said the script was bought to him by Pam Eddy and Jack Richesin: "It was three kind of naughty girls of the night getting together to take vengeance against somebody that did something to them. It evolved deeper and deeper, I did two or three re-writes on it, and finally the wife of Joseph Robertson did the final draft". Mikels said that Mary Martin and Sissy Spacek came in for parts but the roles had already been cast: "I'm very pleased with everybody I had in it though. That turned out to be a forerunner of female power films".
Time Inc. contributor Ed White notes that the visuals for the action sequences near the end of the film are unusually dark. This part of the film was shot in a single night. The multiple submachine guns used by the actresses in this sequence were really a single weapon that was on temporarily loan to the director.
Reception
DVD reviewer and Rolling Stone contributor Doug Pratt called it "an enjoyable action romp". He adds, "the girls kick some serious butt and they look terrific in their hot black jumpsuits. Who can resist?" Film critic Michael Adams said the film is "so slow in parts I think it should be called The Dull Squad", but "it picks up at the end". He rated it a solid 37/100. Nonetheless, it has become something of a cult film for fans of actress Francine York.
Influence
This film may have been the inspiration for the Charlie's Angels television series. Aaron Spelling, who later produced the television series, and at the time was executive producer of Mod Squad, was invited to the premiere of this film, and the lead member of the squad was named Sabrina, just as in Charlie's Angels. Quentin Tarantino said the women in the film have a similar look to his Deadly Viper Assassination Squad in his film Kill Bill.
See also
List of American films of 1973
References
External links
1973 films
1970s spy action films
American spy thriller films
Films shot in California
Girls with guns films
Fictional female martial artists
Films directed by Ted V. Mikels
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
The Terra Firma Islands are a small group of islands lying north of Cape Berteaux, off the west coast of Graham Land in West Antarctica. Roughly surveyed by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) in 1936. The name "Terra Firma Island" was applied to the largest island (Alamode Island, q.v.), because a BGLE depot-laying party camped there following the break-up of sea ice, but the name Terra Firma Islands was later applied to the whole group. They include Dumbbell Island.
The Terra Firma islands are the southernmost point in the world where grass (Deschampsia antarctica) and flowers (Colobanthus quitensis) grow naturally.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Gramercy Park Hotel is a luxury hotel located at 2 Lexington Avenue, in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, adjacent to the park of the same name. It is known for its rich history.
History
Gramercy Park Hotel was designed by Robert T. Lyons and built by the developer brothers Bing & Bing from 1924–1925, with a westward extension along Gramercy Park North – a continuation of East 21st Street – designed by the firm of Thompson & Churchill and built in 1929–1930. Both wings were designed in Renaissance Revival style. The hotel occupies the site of the former homes of the flamboyant architect Stanford White, political leader and defender of agnosticism Robert Ingersoll and lawyer-diarist George Templeton Strong.
Humphrey Bogart married his first wife Helen Menken at the hotel, and the Joseph P. Kennedy family, including a young John F. Kennedy, stayed on the second floor for several months, before the family moved to London so the elder Kennedy could take up his post as the American ambassador. During the Great Depression, Babe Ruth was a regular bar patron – an autographed picture of Ruth was hung in the bar until it disappeared in the 1960s – and when James Cagney and his wife lived nearby at 34 Gramercy Park, they were frequent diners at the hotel. In the 1940s, Edmund Wilson lived in the hotel with novelist Mary McCarthy, and humorist S.J. Perelman maintained his residence there, dying in his room in 1979.
In 1958 Herbert Weissberg, a prominent New York hotel owner, bought the hotel. In 1964, Weissberg (with the help of his long time advisor, the prominent Attorney Herbert Mendelson of Herrick Feinstein), sold the hotel to Wellington Associates for $3 million, but the Weissberg Corporation continued to operate the hotel under a long-term lease. Weissberg added a gift shop, doubled the size of the bar and gave tenure to Pinky, the beloved hotel bellhop. Guests were drawn to its bohemian character, low prices and locale. The hotel's reputation for discretion attracted such musicians as Bob Marley and Bob Dylan in the 1970s. The Canadian and Chicago part of the first cast of Saturday Night Live stayed in the hotel during the show's premiere and Paul Shaffer, the show's original bandleader, continued to live in the annex for another 16 years. Other former residents include character actress Margaret Hamilton, actor Matt Dillon, and playwright David Mamet. Other notable guests include the Clash, Madonna, Debbie Harry, and David Bowie.
By the late 1990s the hotel's ratings began to decline, as Weissberg's health began to fail. His sons fought for control and, after a series of family tragedies, the hotel was subleased in 2002 to Steven Greenberg, the founder of the Roxy nightclub. A bar was added to the roof but the restaurant closed. It began to attract a younger clientele and the prices began to increase rapidly. Following Weissberg's death in 2003 Gramercy Park Hotel was sold to Ian Schrager and Aby Rosen, who renovated the hotel in collaboration with artist Julian Schnabel. Schnabel designed the interiors, many fixtures and furniture pieces throughout the hotel. In 2010, Schrager sold his interest in the hotel to Rosen. Gramercy Park Hotel is currently owned by Rosen's real estate firm, RFR Holding LLC, and operated by Manhattan Hospitality Advisors. The Rose Bar anchors the hotel, along with the Jade Bar and rooftop Gramercy Terrace restaurant. It is also home to Danny Meyer's Maialino, which serves Italian cuisine. The hotel continues to exhibit paintings by noted artists, including Jean-Michel Basquiat, Damien Hirst, Richard Prince, Julian Schnabel, Cy Twombly and Andy Warhol.
The hotel ceased operations in March 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and it was announced in December 2020 that Rosen's hotel business faced eviction from the structure, because RFR was $900,000 behind on ground lease payments to Solil Management (the estate of developer Sol Goldman), which owns the land underneath. Rosen had been leasing the property for $5.3 million per year.
In popular culture
Renowned Argentine rock musicians and singer-songwriters Charly García and Pedro Aznar, two of the most important artists in their country's history, jointly created the song Gramercy Park Hotel, as a track in their 1986 maxi single album Tango.
Hotel Gramercy Park, a documentary directed by Douglas Keeve, premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2008, chronicles the hotel's history during the Weissberg era, the turmoil that plagued his family, and Schrager's renovation.
The song Oh God by Stephen Duffy and The Lilac Time, found on their August 2003 album Keep Going, mentions the Gramercy Park Hotel. The song was written by Stephen Duffy as a personal response to the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center complex in 2001, during which he was a guest at the hotel.
References
External links
Hotel buildings completed in 1925
Hotels established in 1925
Hotels in Manhattan
Gramercy Park
Lexington Avenue
1925 establishments in New York City
Momiji is the Japanese name for Acer palmatum, the Japanese maple tree.
Momiji may also refer to:
People:
Momiji Nishiya (西矢 椛, born 2007), Japanese skateboarder
Momiji Yamamura (山村 紅葉, born 1960), Japanese actress
Characters:
Momiji (oni), an oni from Japanese mythology
Momiji (Ninja Gaiden), a character in the Ninja Gaiden games
Momiji Dolls, a collection of dolls and accessories
Momiji Fujimiya, a character from the manga Blue Seed
Momiji Fuyou, a character from the visual novel Shuffle!
Momiji Inubashiri, a character from Touhou Project
Momiji mark, a sign used on vehicles in Japan to indicate "aged person at the wheel"
Momiji Oouka, a character from Detective Conan
Momiji Sohma, a character from the manga Fruits Basket
Leaf peeping or momijigari, leaf viewing
"Momiji", a traditional Japanese song by Teiichi Okano
Momiji Mochizuki, a character from New Game!
Momiji Momi, a character from The 100 Girlfriends Who Really, Really, Really, Really, Really Love You
Japanese feminine given names
5-APB (abbreviation of "5-(2-aminopropyl)benzofuran"; see infobox for the correct IUPAC name) is an empathogenic psychoactive compound of the substituted benzofuran, substituted amphetamine and substituted phenethylamine classes. 5-APB and other compounds are sometimes informally called "Benzofury".
5-APB is commonly found as the succinate and hydrochloride salt. The hydrochloride salt is 10% more potent by mass and doses should be adjusted accordingly.
5-APB has been sold as a designer drug since 2010.
Pharmacology
5-APB is a serotonin–norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitor with Ki(NET)=180 nmol/L, Ki(DAT)=265 nmol/L and Ki(SERT)=811 nmol/L. It is also a serotonin–norepinephrine–dopamine releasing agent. 5-APB is a potent agonist for the 5-HT2A and 5-HT2B receptors (Ki of 14 nmol/L at 5-HT2B with an efficacy of 0.924). This agonism for 5-HT2B makes it likely that 5-APB would be cardiotoxic with long term use, as seen in other 5-HT2B agonists such as fenfluramine and MDMA. 5-APB is also an agonist of the 5-HT2C receptor.
Detection
A forensic standard of 5-APB is available, and the compound has been posted on the Forendex website of potential drugs of abuse. The US Department of Justice and DEA have also conducted studies concerning the detection of 5-APB.
Effects
Users describe effects as euphoric. Largely, effects reported were similar to that of the drug MDMA but not as strong. Recreational use of 5-APB has been associated with death in combination with other drugs and solely as the result of 5-APB.
According to investigative reporting by David Nickles and Lily Kay Ross, a coroner's report identified "complications of 5-APB and other substance abuse" as the cause of death of Jen Rothman, who had been introduced to 5-APB by psychedelic practitioner Jorge Ferrer. The reporters state that the mechanism of death was likely to have been hyponatremia, caused by the increased action of serotonin induced by 5-APB. They note that telltale symptoms of hyponatremia, "Thirst, exhaustion, seizures, and vomiting [were] in Jen's texts and the police report" pertaining to the incident. Such an effect has been documented for MDMA, which has a similar mechanism of action and subjective effects.
Legality
On March 5, 2014 the UK Home Office announced that 5-APB would be made a class B drug on 10 June 2014 alongside every other benzofuran entactogen and many structurally related drugs.
References
Substituted amphetamines
5-Benzofuranethanamines
Designer drugs
Serotonin-norepinephrine-dopamine releasing agents
Serotonin receptor agonists
Entactogens and empathogens
Jinzhousaurus is a genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur of the Early Cretaceous of China. The type species is Jinzhousaurus yangi. The generic name refers to the town Jinzhou. The specific name honours Yang Zhongjian as the founder of Chinese paleontology. It was first described by Wang Xiao-lin and Xu Xing in 2001.
Discovery
Its fossil, holotype IVPP V12691, was found near Baicaigou in Yixian County in the Dawangzhangzi Beds of the Yixian Formation in Liaoning, China, having the oldest determinable age of 122 million years, during the early Aptian stage of the early Cretaceous Period. It consists of a nearly complete skeleton, compressed on a slab.
Description
Jinzhousaurus has a length of about 7 metres (23 ft) and its skull is about half a metre long. Its snout was elongated with large nares and lacking an antorbital fenestra. The back of the skull was uncommonly wide with a small crest on top. The dentary of the lower jaw has at least seventeen tooth positions.
Classification
Jinzhousaurus shows a mix of basal and derived features. Originally assigned to (an already understood to be paraphyletic) Iguanodontidae, later authors have referred it to the more general Iguanodontoidea. In 2010 a study concluded it was within this group a basal member of the more derived, Hadrosauroidea.
References
External links
Jinzhousaurus in The Natural History Museum's Dino Directory
Iguanodonts
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Aptian life
Cretaceous China
Fossils of China
Yixian fauna
Fossil taxa described in 2001
Taxa named by Xu Xing
Ornithischian genera
Pierre Lacans (23 April 1957 – 30 September 1985) was a French rugby league and rugby union footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played club level rugby league (RL) for Lézignan Sangliers, and representative level rugby union (RU) for France, and at club level for AS Béziers, as a flanker, i.e. number 6 or 7.
Background
Pierre Lacans was born in Conilhac-Corbières, France, and he was killed in a traffic accident.
Honours
Selected to represent France, 1980–1982
Grand Slam : 1981
French rugby champion, 1978, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984 with AS Béziers
Challenge Yves du Manoir 1975 and 1977 with AS Béziers
External links
Statistics at en.espn.co.uk (RU)
1957 births
1985 deaths
AS Béziers Hérault players
France international rugby union players
French rugby league players
French rugby union players
Lézignan Sangliers players
Rugby union flankers
Sportspeople from Aude
Allantactis is a monotypic genus of sea anemones, and Allantactis parasitica is the only species in the genus. This sea anemone lives at bathyal depths in the North Atlantic Ocean and has a symbiotic relationship with a gastropod mollusc.
Description
A. parasitica has a strong base and a smooth column with thick walls and no cuticle or perforations of the body wall that are termed cinclides. The margin is distinct and the sphincter powerful. The tentacles are fairly short and arranged in whorls of six, there being a maximum of 96. The oral disc has a central mouth with two broad siphonoglyphs. The six pairs of mesenteries are complete, in that their sheetlike membranes join the gastrodermis of the body wall with that of the pharynx, and are sterile, in that they do not bear gonads. The nematocysts consist of a mixture of spirocysts, basitrichs and microbasic p-mastigophors.
Ecology
The species lives on the abyssal seabed of the North Atlantic at depths of between . Although sometimes living attached to a pebble or empty shell, it prefers to attach to the shell of a living gastropod mollusc when available. Sea anemone larvae settling on the seabed do so preferentially on any gastropods that are present, and where the larvae settle onto mud, the presence of gastropods nearby stimulates them to move towards and onto the molluscs. Sometimes as many as six anemones can be found crowded onto the shell of a single living gastropod.
Gastropods with one or two sea anemones on their shells were found to have greater feeding success and more varied stomach contents than those with either no epibionts, or with three or more. The sea anemones also benefited from the mutualism because of the longer time spent in food-rich areas in the deep sea floor, a place where food resources are limited.
The chief predator of gastropods at these depths in the North Atlantic is the starfish Leptasterias polaris. Researchers found that starfish avoided molluscs with anemones on their shells, and that molluscs relied on the presence of their epibionts and did not take evasive action when they encountered the starfish. If their attached anemones were removed, they lost the protection that their toxin-producing nematocysts provided, and were attacked. The sea anemone gained advantage from being an epibiont as it is itself sometimes attacked by the starfish Crossaster papposus, but was able to escape from this predator when attached to a living gastropod mollusc.
Despite living at bathyal depths where no light penetrates, A. parasitica is one of a number of deep sea species that show synchronisation in the release of eggs and sperm to the phases of the moon.
References
Hormathiidae
Monotypic genera
Hexacorallia genera
Medalists
The original medalists were the following.
After the disqualification of the Russian women, the medalists were the following.
Heats
Final
References
Results
1500 metres at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
1500 metres Women
2008 in women's athletics
Leon Golzmann or as he was more commonly known, Dajos Béla (19 December 1897 – 5 December 1978), was a Russian jazz violinist and bandleader.
Career
Golzmann was born in Kyiv, now part of Ukraine, to a Russian father and Hungarian mother. He served as a soldier during World War I, after which he studied music in Moscow. He then continued his studies in Berlin, where he started playing in local venues. He was contacted by Carl Lindström AG to make recordings and started his own salon orchestra, at which period he changed his name to the more Hungarian-sounding Dajos Béla, Hungarian or Romanian music then being popular in Germany. Along with those of Paul Godwin and Marek Weber, his orchestra became one of the most popular in Germany and gained a high reputation abroad. He played a range of music, but for jazz music often recorded under different names, such as The Odeon Five, Mac's Jazz Orchestra and the Clive Williams Jazzband.
As soon as the Nazis came to power in Germany in 1933 Béla, who was Jewish, started touring abroad. In 1935 he travelled to Buenos Aires, where he remained for the rest of his life. He died in La Falda, Argentina, in 1978.
Among the many musicians who played with him or in his orchestra were the pianist and composer Franz Grothe, the jazz-musicians and Kurt Hohenberger, the singers Rex Allen, Paul O'Montis and Henri René, banjo-player Mike Danzi and accordionist Will Glahé, composers Wilhelm Grosz and , and actors Marta Eggerth and Max Hansen.
Select discography
Waitin' For The Moon / Adieu, Mimi (Shimmy) (Odeon 0-1921),
Humming / Bummel-Petrus (Intermezzo) (Odeon A 71942), 1921
Radio-Tango / Opern-Foxtrott in Potpourri-Form (Odeon 49039), 1925
(as Kapelle Merton): Dinah / Sevilla (Beka B.6071), 1926
Who ? ("Du ! Wann bist du bei mir ?") / Zwei rote Rosen, ein zarter Kuss (Odeon 0-2087), Januar 1927
Heinzelmännchens Wachtparade / Dornröschens Brautfahrt (Odeon 0-2101), 1927
Santa Lucia / Venezia (Odeon 0-2122), 1927
Hund och Katt / Ref. sång (Odeon D-4948), 1929
Kennst du das kleine Haus am Michigansee / Anna Aurora (Odeon D-4975), 1929
(as Odeon-Tanz-Orchester und Gesang): In Sanssouci, dort wo die alte Mühle steht (Odeon O-11301), 1929
(with Leo Frank (singer)): Im Rosengarten von Sanssouci, 1930
In addition, he made around 70 records with the tenor Richard Tauber (1891-1948) as violin soloist or orchestra director.
Sources
Lyman, Darryl. Great Jews in Music, J. D. Publishers, 1986.
Sadie, Stanley. The new Grove dictionary of music and musicians, Macmillan, 1980.
Wolfram Knauer (1986, Pb.): Jazz in Deutschland. Darmstädter Beiträge zur Jazzforschung 5. Hofheim : Wolke Verlag (in German)
References
External links
Center for Jazz Arts Exhibition
1897 births
1978 deaths
Musicians from Kyiv
People from Kiev Governorate
Ukrainian Jews
Soviet expatriates in Germany
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Argentina
20th-century jazz composers
20th-century Ukrainian musicians
Jewish composers
Ukrainian composers
International Journal of Surgical Pathology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Pathology. The journal's editor is Cyril Fisher, M.D. It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
International Journal of Surgical Pathology publishes original research and observations in major organ systems. The journal also contains reviews of new techniques and procedures, discussions of controversies in surgical pathology and case reports. International Journal of Surgical Pathology provides an international forum for the discussion and debate of basic and applied human studies.
Abstracting and indexing
International Journal of Surgical Pathology is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.188, ranking it 146 out of 200 journals in the category ‘Surgery'. and 64 out of 79 journals in the category ‘Pathology'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
8 times per year journals
Vasyl Hryhorovych Krychevsky (; January 12, 1873 in Vorozhba village, now Lebedyn Raion – November 15, 1952 in Caracas, Venezuela) was a Ukrainian painter, architect, art scholar, graphic artist, film art consultant, pedagogue and master of applied art and decorative art. He is the designer of the 1918 Ukrainian coat of arms, state seals, banknotes. He was the brother of Ukrainian painter Fedir Krychevsky.
Biography
Vasyl Krychevsky was born in the village of Vorozhba, near Lebedyn, to a family of eight children where he was the eldest. His father Hryhoriy Yakymovych Krychevsky was a county state doctor of Jewish descent who converted to Orthodox Christianity and married a Ukrainian woman, Praskovia Hryhorivna.
Krychevsky had little formal education, but a deep interest in Ukrainian folklore and art history. During the First World War, he was one of the founders and rectors of the Ukrainian State Academy of Arts. In the 1920s he taught at the Kiev Institute of Plastic Arts, the Kiev Architectural Institute. Among the students - Joseph Karakis, who studied from Krichevsky "Interior of residential and public buildings" as well as painting techniques. He then taught at the Odessa Art School and served in the architectural department of the Kiev State Art Institute until 1941.
Krychevsky moved to Lviv in 1943 where he was appointed a rector of a new Ukrainian art school, which eventually became the Lviv National Academy of Arts. After the World War II, he lived briefly in Paris before immigrating to South America in 1948. He died in Caracas, the capital of Venezuela on November 15, 1952.
Artistic career
Krychevsky first gained public recognition in 1903 when he won the architectural competition to build the Poltava Zemstvo Building (now the Poltava Regional Studies Museum). His design of the building was based on the traditions of Ukrainian folk architecture.
As a painter, he created a total of about 3000 paintings, drawings, ornamental designs, bookcovers. His work was influenced by French impressionism.
It was at the request of President Mykhailo Hrushevsky that Krychevsky designed the state emblems and seals of the Ukrainian People's Republic as well as the Republic's banknotes. Krychevsky was a collector and student of Ukrainian folk art, and promoted such handicrafts among common people.
From 1907 to 1910, Krychevsky designed sets and costumes for over 15 plays and operas including Mykhailo Starytsky's Bohdan Khmelnytsky and Bedřich Smetana's The Bartered Bride. From 1917–18 he worked with the Ukrainian National Theater.
On several projects Krychevsky worked along with another Ukrainian architect Petro Kostyrko who in 1960 did reconstruction of the former Poltava Governorate Administration building. Some of his works are present abroad, the largest set of works is in the Ukrainian Museum in New York.
Gallery
See also
Ukrainian Venezuelan
Further reading
Vadim Sherbakivskiy. Vasyl Krychevsky. London, 1954.
Vasyl Krychevsky. Jubilee exhibition. Catalogue. New-York, 1973.
Vadim Pavlovsky. Vasyl H. Krychevsky. Life and Work. New York, 1974.
Notes
References
1873 births
1952 deaths
People from Sumy Oblast
People from Kharkov Governorate
Ukrainian Impressionist painters
Ukrainian architects
Ukrainian people of Jewish descent
Ukrainian designers
20th-century Ukrainian painters
20th-century Ukrainian male artists
Ukrainian expatriates in Germany
Ukrainian emigrants to Venezuela
National Academy of Visual Arts and Architecture faculty
Ukrainian male painters
Milan Susak (, born 29 January 1984) is an Australian retired footballer who last played for Yangon United as a defender. He is currently a trainer at the youth soccer team of western Sydney.
Club career
Early years
Susak is also of Serbian descent. He penned a one-year deal on 26 July 2007 after impressing coach Aurelio Vidmar in pre-season games against Melbourne and Perth.
Susak's previous club was FK Vojvodina in the Meridian Superliga in Serbia and Montenegro, for whom he made 22 appearances having also played on loan in two lower league clubs, FK Veternik and FK ČSK Čelarevo.
In April 2008, he was able to go out on a high by playing the full 90 minutes of Adelaide's successful Asian Champions League campaign while not conceding a goal to allow the Reds to advance to the quarter finals of the competition.
On 5 June 2008, Susak signed a one-year contract with the German club SpVgg Unterhaching with the option of another year after being recommended for a trial by fellow Australian Paul Agostino.
After two years at Unterhaching he returned home and signed for Brisbane Roar in the A-League In the same year he won the Premiership and Championship going undefeated in 26 matches.
In 2011, he stated on his Twitter account that he signed a loan deal with Liga Primer Indonesia outfit Minangkabau FC.
On 27 September 2011, he signed a two-year contract with his old club Adelaide United returning to Australia after a short stint in Indonesia.
In October 2011, Holger Osieck selected Susak for the upcoming national team training camp.
Later years
In February 2012, it was announced that Chinese Super League club Tianjin Teda had signed Susak for $200,000. He made his official debut for Tianjin on 25 February, in a 2–1 CFA Super Cup defeat against Guangzhou Evergrande. On 5 December 2012, he signed a contract with Iranian champions Sepahan.
Susak is the only Australian footballer who has played in three Asian Champions League campaign's with three clubs in different countries.
In June 2013 it was announced that UAE Pro League club Al Wasl had signed Susak from Sepahan for an estimated $500,000 transfer fee.
East Bengal
In November 2014, Susak signed for I-League giant East Bengal for one year. He said that he wanted to win trophies for the club besides the opportunity to play in the AFC Cup attracted him to join the Kolkatan outfit.
Yangon United
On 10 December 2015, he transferred to Yangon United FC.
Club statistics
Honours
Brisbane Roar
A-League Premiership: 2010–11
A-League Championship: 2010–11
Sepahan
Hazfi Cup Winner: 2012–13
References
External links
OzFootball profile
1984 births
Living people
Australian people of Serbian descent
Australian expatriate soccer players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Iran
A-League Men players
3. Liga players
Sydney Olympic FC players
Adelaide United FC players
Brisbane Roar FC players
Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC players
FK Vojvodina players
FK ČSK Čelarevo players
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
SpVgg Unterhaching players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Tianjin Jinmen Tiger F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
Expatriate footballers in China
Australian expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Al-Wasl F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Australian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Association football defenders
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Serbia and Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Soccer players from Sydney
Sportsmen from New South Wales
UAE Pro League players
Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC managers
Australian soccer coaches
Australian soccer players
Jennifer Demby-Horton (born August 10, 1968) is an American former handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American female handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Erin Maye Quade (born March 12, 1986) is an American politician from the state of Minnesota. A member of the Democratic–Farmer–Labor (DFL) Party, she served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2017 to 2019. She was the DFL-endorsed candidate for lieutenant governor as Erin Murphy's running mate in 2018, and the first LGBTQ person to be endorsed on the ticket of a major Minnesota political party.
Maye Quade is running for the Minnesota Senate in 2022.
Early life and education
Maye Quade is biracial. She graduated from Eastview High School in Apple Valley, Minnesota, in 2004, and from the University of St. Thomas in Saint Paul with a Bachelor of Arts in political science and justice and peace studies in 2008.
Career
After college, Maye Quade became a community organizer. She worked as a staffer for U.S. Representative Keith Ellison, who encouraged her to run for office.
Minnesota House of Representatives
In 2016, Maye Quade ran for the District 57A seat in the Minnesota House of Representatives. During the campaign, opposition operatives were accused of stalking her campaign staff so persistently that neighborhood watch committees were called in to monitor their activity. She defeated Republican nominee Ali Jimenez-Hopper in the general election, 52% to 47%; hers was one of only two House seats in Minnesota to change hands from Republican to DFL that year. She was the third Black woman to serve in the chamber.
In 2017, Maye Quade accused state legislators Dan Schoen and Tony Cornish of sexual harassment. Both members resigned from office. Following the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, she led a 24-hour sit-in at the Minnesota House to protest its lack of action on gun control.
2018 gubernatorial campaign
In June 2018, Minnesota gubernatorial candidate Erin Murphy chose Maye Quade as her running mate. Maye Quade received the DFL endorsement by acclamation at the Minnesota DFL convention on June 3, 2018, making her the first LGBTQ person to be endorsed on the ticket of a major Minnesota political party; at age 32, she was also one of the youngest. Maye Quade and Murphy lost the DFL primary to U.S. Representative Tim Walz and State Representative Peggy Flanagan in August 2018.
2022 Minnesota State Senate campaign
In October 2021, Maye Quade announced her candidacy for the Minnesota Senate seat currently held by Greg Clausen.
On April 23, 2022, Maye Quade gave a campaign speech at the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party convention while experiencing uterine contractions before childbirth. She did not get the nomination at the convention, suspended her campaign, and delivered her daughter, Harriet, at 1 a.m. on April 24. In May, Maye Quade reentered the race.
Personal life
Maye Quade's wife, Alyse, is the Political Director of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party and the former Midwest organizing manager for Everytown for Gun Safety.
Electoral history
2016
2018
2022
References
External links
Living people
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Lesbian politicians
LGBT state legislators in Minnesota
Women state legislators in Minnesota
LGBT African Americans
African-American state legislators in Minnesota
African-American women in politics
Minnesota Democrats
People from Apple Valley, Minnesota
1986 births
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Vaslui may refer to the following places in Romania:
Vaslui, a city in eastern Romania
Vaslui County, an administrative division in eastern Romania
Vaslui (river), a river in Iași and Vaslui Counties
Vaslui (Oltișor), a small river in Olt County
Pharma may be an abbreviation for:
Drugs
Pharmaceutical drug
Pharmaceutical industry
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA)
Pharmacology
Arts, entertainment, and media
Pharma (album) a 2017 album by vaporwave producer Nmesh
Pharma (film), a 2006 film written by Ben Sainsbury and directed by Mark Thoburn
Nong Saeng (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Udon Thani province, northeastern Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Nong Wua So, Mueang Udon Thani, Kumphawapi, and Non Sa-at of Udon Thani Province, and Khao Suan Kwang of Khon Kaen province.
History
The area of the district was originally part of Kumphawapi district. It was made a minor district (king amphoe) on 1 January 1981, then consisting of two tambons and 27 villages. The district office was opened in village three of tambon Nong Saeng on 1 January 1983.
Administration
The district is divided into four sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 38 villages (mubans). Saeng Sawang is a township (thesaban tambon) which covers parts of tambon Saeng Sawang. There are a further four tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Nong Saeng
Jörg Kunze (born 20 March 1968) is a German former handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
German male handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Goslar (district)
Sportspeople from Lower Saxony
Stephan Straub (born 25 January 1971 in Saarbrücken) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
External links
1971 births
Living people
German footballers
Alemannia Aachen players
Association football goalkeepers
1. FC Saarbrücken players
SV Eintracht Trier 05 players
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Sportspeople from Saarbrücken
Guijá District is a district of Gaza Province in south-western Mozambique. The administrative center of the district is Caniçado. The district is located at the south of the province, and borders with Chigubo District in the north, Chibuto District in the east, Chókwè District in the south, and with Mabalane District in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 75,303 as of 2007.
Geography
The district is located on the left bank of the Limpopo River. A number of minor rivers originate in the district, and crossing into Chibuto District, join the Changane River, a major left tributary of the Limpopo.
The climate is tropical dry semi-arid, with the average annual rainfall ranging and .
Demographics
As of 2005, 42% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 24% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mother tongue among the population was Tsonga. 71% were illiterate, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into four postos, Caniçado (two localities), Chivongoene (two localities), Mubangoene (three localities), and Nalázi (two localities).
Economy
1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 13,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sweet potato, and rice. Population of cattle, pigs, sheep, and goats was steadily growing prior to 2005.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district of the total length of , including a stretch of the national road, connecting Caniçado and Chibuto. The bridge over the Limpopo River on the road connecting Caniçado and Chokwe was destroyed by Rhodesian forces in 1978, and a new bridge was only completed at the end of 2007.
References
Districts in Gaza Province
Neoniphon opercularis, the blackfin squirrelfish, also known as the mouth-fin squirrelfish or clearfin squirrelfish, is a species of squirrelfish found in the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean from East Africa as far east as New Caledonia. It lives alone or in small groups in or near reefs and lagoons between deep and can reach sizes of up to TL. It eats crabs and shrimps. Its dorsal fin is raised to scare off or startle predators. It also has a large venomous spine at the corner of its preopercle. It is relatively unaffected by commercial fishing, but is sometimes used as bait for tuna fisheries.
References
External links
Fishes of Australia : Neoniphon opercularis
blackfin squirrelfish
Marine fish of Northern Australia
blackfin squirrelfish
Taxa named by Achille Valenciennes
Alejandro "Álex" Berenguer Remiro (born 4 July 1995) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Athletic Bilbao. He began his career at Osasuna in 2014, and played in Italy with Torino for three seasons before joining Athletic in 2020.
Club career
Osasuna
Berenguer was born in Pamplona, Navarre; his father's family is from Almería. He graduated with CA Osasuna's youth setup, and made his debuts as a senior with the reserves in the 2013–14 campaign, in Tercera División.
On 10 September 2014, Berenguer made his professional debut, replacing Kenan Kodro in the 81st minute of a 2–0 away loss against Deportivo Alavés, for the season's Copa del Rey. He made his Segunda División debut on 10 January of the following year, again from the bench in a 1–1 away draw against Recreativo de Huelva.
Berenguer scored his first professional goal on 30 August 2015, netting the game's only in a home success over CD Mirandés. The following 29 January he extended his contract until 2020, and finished the campaign with three goals in 39 appearances as his side achieved promotion to La Liga.
Berenguer made his debut in the highest category of Spanish football on 22 September 2016, starting in a 2–1 home loss against RCD Espanyol. He scored in the top division for the first time on 5 April of the following year, netting the game's only goal in an away success over Deportivo Alavés.
Torino
On 17 July 2017, Berenguer was sold to Italian club Torino for €5.5 million (plus €1 million in bonuses). In addition, a clause was inserted for an additional €1.5 million in the event he was sold to Athletic Bilbao (a club he had been close to signing for but which has a rivalry with Osasuna, made worse in the weeks beforehand over accusations of Athletic 'poaching' a youth player).
Athletic Bilbao
On 2 October 2020, Athletic Bilbao reached an agreement with Torino for the transfer of Berenguer, who agreed to a four-year deal with the Lions. In January 2021 he claimed a winner's medal with his new club in the 2020–21 Supercopa de España played in Seville. Two months later, he scored a winning goal in extra time against Levante UD to send Athletic to the 2021 Copa del Rey Final. He started the final, but was substituted in the second half and the match, again in Seville's Estadio de La Cartuja, was lost 4–0 to FC Barcelona. A similar scenario at the same venue had unfolded two weeks earlier in the delayed 2020 Copa del Rey Final, a 1–0 defeat by Real Sociedad.
Berenguer also scored eight league goals in his first season at San Mamés, but he did not find the net again for several months of the following campaign and came under threat from teenager Nico Williams in the battle for a regular starting place on the wing. In February 2022 he broke his duck for the season with a "stunning" late winner against Real Madrid at the 2021–22 Copa del Rey's quarter-final stage, having come on for the injured Williams at half-time.
Career statistics
Honours
Athletic Bilbao
Supercopa de España: 2020–21
Copa del Rey runner-up: 2019–20, 2020–21
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Pamplona
Spanish footballers
Association football wingers
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Tercera División players
CA Osasuna B players
CA Osasuna players
Athletic Bilbao footballers
Serie A players
Torino F.C. players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
People of Andalusian descent
Josef Fischer (1 June 1883 – 28 September 1932) was an Austrian footballer. He played in five matches for the Austria national football team from 1903 to 1910.
References
External links
1883 births
1932 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Axel Müller may refer to:
Axel Müller (archer) (born 1992), Swiss archer
Axel Müller (rugby union) (born 1993), Argentine rugby union player
Axel Müller (footballer) (born 1996), Uruguayan association footballer
Axel Müller (politician) (born 1963), German politician
Saint Sophia of Rome is venerated as a Christian martyr.
She is identified in hagiographical tradition with the figure of Sophia of Milan, the mother of Saints Faith, Hope and Charity, whose veneration is attested for the 6th century.
However, there are conflicting hagiographical traditions; one tradition makes Sophia herself a martyr under the Diocletian Persecution (303/4).
This conflicts with the much more widespread hagiographical tradition (BHL 2966, also extant in Greek, Armenian and Georgian versions) placing Sophia, the mother of Faith, Hope and Charity, in the time of Diocletian (early 4th century) and reporting her dying not as a martyr but mourning for her martyred daughters.
Her relics are said to have been translated to the convent at Eschau, Alsace in 778, and her cult spread to Germany from there.
Acta Sanctorum reports that her feast day of 15 May is attested in German, Belgian and English breviaries of the 16th century.
Roman Catholic hagiography of the early modern period attempted to identify the Saint Sophia venerated in Germany with various records of martyrs named Sophia recorded in the early medieval period, among them a record from the time of Pope Sergius II (9th century) reporting an inscription mentioning a virgin martyr named Sophia at the high altar of the church of San Martino ai Monti. Saxer (2000) suggests that her veneration may indeed have originated in the later 6th century based on such inscriptions of the 4th to 6th centuries.
Based on her feast day on 15 May, she became one of the "Ice Saints", the saints whose feast days are traditionally associated with the last possibility of frost in Central Europe.
She is known as kalte Sophie "cold Sophia" in Germany, and in Slovenia as poscana Zofka "pissy Sophia" or mokra Zofija "wet Sophia".
She is depicted on a column in the nave of St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna; it dates from the 15th century.
Churches
Churches dedicated to Sophia of Rome include:
St. Sophia in Erbach, Odenwald, Germany
St. Sophia in Brüssow, Germany
St. Sophienkirche, Barmbek-Süd, Hamburg, Germany
St. Sophie in Randau, Magdeburg, Germany
Santa Sofia d'Epiro, Italy
Chiesa di Santa Sofia, Capri, Italy
Santa Sofia, Giugliano in Campania, Italy
Church of Santa Sofia, Lendinara, Italy
Santa Sofia, Naples, Italy
Chapelle Sainte-Sophie, Ille-et-Vilaine, France
Church of Vera, Nadejda, Lubov and their mother Sophia, Saint Petersburg, Russia
Church of Saints Sofia and Tatiana of Rome at Filatov Pediatric Clinical Hospital, Moscow, Russia
See also
Saints Faith, Hope and Charity
Holy Wisdom
Chiesa di Santa Sofia, Capri
Sophienkirche
References
Ante-Nicene Christian martyrs
Christians martyred during the reign of Diocletian
Verne C. Johnson (July 20, 1925 – November 2, 2012) was an American politician and lawyer.
Johnson was born in St. Peter, Minnesota. He graduated from Southwest High School in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Johnson served in the United States Army during World War II. He received his bachelor's degree from University of Minnesota in 1948 and his law degree from University of Minnesota Law School in 1951. He worked for General Mills and served on the staff of United States Representative Walter Judd. Johnson served in the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1953 and 1954 and was a Republican.
Notes
1925 births
2012 deaths
People from St. Peter, Minnesota
Military personnel from Minnesota
University of Minnesota alumni
University of Minnesota Law School alumni
Minnesota lawyers
General Mills people
Minnesota Republicans
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
20th-century American lawyers
A cuirass (; , ) is a piece of armour that is formed of a single or multiple pieces of metal or other rigid material which covers the torso. The word originates from the original material; leather, from the French cuirace and Latin word coriacea. The use of the term "cuirass" generally refers to both the chest plate (or breastplate) and the back piece together. Whereas a chest plate only protects the front and a backplate only protects the back, a cuirass protects both the front and the back.
Description
In Hellenistic and Roman times, the musculature of the male torso was idealized in the form of the muscle cuirass or "heroic cuirass" (in French the cuirasse esthétique) sometimes further embellished with symbolic representation in relief, familiar in the Augustus of Prima Porta and other heroic representations in official Roman sculpture. As parts of the actual military equipment of classical antiquity, cuirasses and corsets of bronze, iron, or some other rigid substance were used. Secondary protection for the breast was worn in earlier times by men-at-arms in addition to mail hauberks and reinforced coats. It was not until the 14th century that the plate armour became an established part of medieval armour.
History
The Roman emperor Galba donned a cuirass just before he went to his death. Suetonius records in 12 Caesars that, "As [Galba] was offering sacrifice on the morning before he was killed, a soothsayer warned him again and again to look out for danger, since assassins were not far off. Not long after this he learned that Otho held possession of the camp, and when several advised him to proceed thither as soon as possible – for they said that he could win the day by his presence and prestige – he decided to do no more than hold his present position and strengthen it by getting together a guard of the legionaries, who were encamped in many different quarters of the city. He did however put on a linen cuirass, though he openly declared that it would afford little protection against so many swords."
The latter portion of the 14th century saw the cuirass gradually come into general use in connection with plate armour for the limbs until, at the close of the century, mail was phased out among the nobles (e.g., knights) except in the camail of the bascinet and at the edge of the hauberk. The cuirass was almost universally worn throughout its lifespan as a form of armour. The globule form of the breast-armour of the Black Prince, in his effigy in Canterbury Cathedral, 1376, intimates that a cuirass (as well as a hauberk) is to be considered to have been covered by the royalty-emblazoned jupon (surcoat) of the Prince.
Historical cuirass, contrary to many modern reproductions, did not rest on the hips. Historical cuirass usually stopped somewhere around the midriff or navel in order to allow a sufficient range of movement to the wearer. A cuirass ending at the waist would severely limit the ability of the wearer to lean forward, backward or sideways. Thus, to protect the rest of the torso, mail or fauld were used, depending on the time period.
Early in the 15th century, plate armour, including the cuirass, began to be worn without any surcoat; but in the concluding quarter of the century the short surcoat, with full short sleeves, known as a "tabard", was in general use over the armour. While the surcoat was being phased out, small plates of various forms and sizes (and not always made in pairs, i.e., the plate for the sword-arm often being smaller and lighter than the one for the off-hand) were attached to the armour in front of the shoulders, to defend the otherwise vulnerable points where the plate defenses left a gap.
About the middle of the 15th century, the breastplate of the cuirass was made in two parts; the lower adjusted to overlap the upper, held together with a strap or sliding rivet in order to add flexibility to the advantages plate armour had over mail. In the second half of the 15th century, the cuirass was occasionally superseded by the brigandine jacket, the medieval forerunner of the flak jacket. In essence, the brigandine jacket was constructed of metal plates sewn into a fabric jacket. The fabric was generally a rich material, and was lined throughout with overlapping scales of metal which were attached to the jacket by rivets, having their heads, like studs, visible on the outside.
About 1550, the breast-piece of the cuirass was characterized by a vertical central ridge, called the tapul, having near its center a projecting point. Somewhat later, the tapul was moved lower on the breast. Eventually, the profile of the plate began to resemble a pea pod and, as such, was referred to as the peascod cuirass. During the English Civil War, only the wealthiest and physically strongest of men could afford this form of armour.
Corslets, provided with both breast and back pieces, were worn by foot-soldiers in the 17th century, while their mounted comrades were equipped with heavier and stronger cuirasses. These defenses continued in use longer than any other single piece of armour. Their use never altogether ceased and in modern armies mounted cuirassiers, armed with breast and backplates as in the earlier days, have, to some degree, emulated the martial splendour of the body armour of the era of medieval chivalry.
British, French, German, and Russian heavy cavalry wore cuirasses as part of their parade uniforms leading up to World War I. Although in the early part of the conflict French still used cuirasses, for the most part they were covered with canvas for protection and reduced visibility, as well as their ornate neo-Roman style helmets. All other militaries have taken them out of combat use.
Some years after the Battle of Waterloo, certain historical cuirasses were taken from their repose in the Tower of London and adapted for ceremonial service by the Life Guards and the Blues and Royals of the British Army's Household Cavalry.
For parade purposes, the Prussian Gardes du Corps and other corps wore cuirasses of richly decorated leather. The Pontifical Swiss Guard still wear cuirasses for swearing-in ceremonies, Christmas and Easter.
Japanese cuirass
Cuirasses were manufactured in Japan as early as the 4th century. Tankō, worn by foot soldiers, and keikō, worn by horsemen, were both pre-samurai types of early Japanese cuirass constructed from iron plates connected by leather thongs. During the Heian period (794 to 1185), Japanese armourers started to use leather as a material and lacquer for weatherproofing.
By the end of the Heian period, the Japanese cuirass had arrived at the shape recognized as part of iconic samurai armour. Scales of iron and leather, bound together by silk lace, were used to construct samurai armours. The introduction of firearms to Japan in 1543 resulted in the development of a cuirass constructed of solid iron plates. The use of the samurai cuirass lasted until the 1860s when a national army using conventional uniforms was established. Samurai armour (and cuirasses) were last used in 1877 during the Satsuma rebellion.
See also
Linothorax
Mirror armour
References
Sources
Body armor
Western plate armour
Marriage of the Virgin is a 1603-1605 painting by El Greco, now in the National Museum of Art of Romania. Showing the Marriage of the Virgin, it was one of five produced for the high altarpiece of the Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad in the Spanish town of Illescas, Toledo. The other four works all still hang in the Santuario (The Virgin of Charity, Annunciation, Coronation of the Virgin and Nativity).
Sources
https://www.wga.hu/html/g/greco_el/21/2107grec.html
Paintings by El Greco
1600s paintings
El Greco
Altarpieces
Zhang Yudong (Chinese: 张煜东; born 9 September 1992 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Kunshan FC.
Club career
Born in Shanghai, Zhang joined Genbao Football Academy. He was promoted to academy's first team Shanghai East Asia in 2009. In January 2012, Zhang transferred to Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin. He made his league debut for Shanghai on 27 April 2012 in a game against Beijing Guoan, coming on as a substitute for Wang Yun in the 78th minute.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shanghai
Shanghai Port F.C. players
Shanghai Shenxin F.C. players
Kunshan F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
China League Two players
Association football midfielders
Gaskhill is an historic villa in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross, Scotland. Located on Kinnoull Terrace, it is a Category C listed building, built in the mid-19th century. It is one of five listed properties on the street, denoted by Historic Environment Scotland as items of special interest. Several of the properties appear on maps of Perth from the 1860s.
Along with the two other listed villas on its (the western) side of the street, it has a gate in the communal boundary wall that runs along a stretch of the Dundee Road to the west; however, the one for Langlands has been filled in.
References
19th-century establishments in Scotland
Listed buildings in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross
Category C listed buildings in Perth and Kinross
Bathystyeloides is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Bathystyeloides include:
Bathystyeloides anfractus Monniot & Monniot, 1985
Bathystyeloides dubius C. & F. Monniot, 1984
Bathystyeloides enderbyanus (Michaelsen, 1904)
Bathystyeloides laubieri Monniot C. & Monniot F., 1974
Bathystyeloides magnus Sanamyan & Sanamyan, 1999
Bathystyeloides mexicanus Monniot & Monniot, 1987
Bathystyeloides miriducta Monniot & Monniot, 1991
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Bathystyeloides atlantica Millar, 1955: synonym of Bathystyeloides enderbyanus (Michaelsen, 1904)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Ian Edmond (born 2 June 1978) is a former competitive swimmer and breaststroke specialist who represented Great Britain in the Olympics, FINA world championships, and European championships, and competed for Scotland in the Commonwealth Games.
In his junior years he swam for Reading SC in England, and joined Warrender BC as his Scottish club team. In 1996 he relocated to Edinburgh for University and swam with Warrender and the City of Edinburgh Swim Team under coach Tim Jones.
Edmond was the silver medallist at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in the 200 m breaststroke. In the same year he was champion in the same event at the European SC Championships.
At the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens he represented Great Britain in the men's 200-metre breaststroke where he reached the semi-final, but was disqualified during his swim. He also represented Scotland at the 1998 and 2002 Commonwealth Games.
See also
List of British records in swimming
External links
British Swimming athlete profile
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Reading, Berkshire
Scottish male swimmers
Male breaststroke swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Scotland
Swimmers at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
María Elvira Lacaci Morris (1916–1997) was a Spanish Galician poet. She was the first woman to win the Premio Adonáis de Poesía.
Biography
Lacaci was born in El Ferrol del Caudillo in Galicia to a family of mariners. She was married to the novelist Miguel Buñuel. In 1952, she took up residence in Madrid and began writing and publishing poetry.
Lacaci received a somewhat limited literary education which may have contributed to the intuitiveness of her writing. Much of Lacaci's poetry is based on personal and subjective experiences. Despite her grouping with social realism poets of the 1950s, much of her writing centres on religious themes and is devoutly Christian in tone. Her first published poetry collection, Humana Voz (1957, Human Voice) contrasts urban scenes with the presence of a benevolent God. Another of Lacaci's works, Sonido de Dios (1962, The Sound of God), explores the poetic persona's relationship with God.
Lacaci died in her residence in Madrid on 9 March 1997.
Awards and honours
Lacaci won the Adonais Prize in 1956 (the first woman to receive it) for Voz humana (1957, Human Voice) and the Premio de la Crítica de poesía castellana in 1964.
Works
Poetry
Humana voz (1957)
Sonido de Dios (1962)
Al este de la ciudad (1963)
Molinillo de papel (1967)
Tom y Jim (1966)
El rey Baltasar (1965)
Molinillos de papel (1967)
Stories
La instancia (1967)
Pequeño bazar
References
1916 births
1997 deaths
People from Ferrol, Spain
Galician poets
Women writers from Galicia (Spain)
Spanish women poets
20th-century Spanish poets
20th-century Spanish women
Buskri () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Buskrinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 686 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Buskri is located 6 km northeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gunakari and Dibgashi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
The wushu event at the 2013 World Combat Games took place at the Spartak - Sports Complex 'Arena', in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The competition took place on the 25 and 26 October 2013. There were taolu and sanshou events for male and female athletes.
Medal table
Key:
Medal summary
Men
Women
References
2013 World Combat Games
2013 World Combat Games events
2013 in wushu (sport)
Adoxophyes fasciculana, the bell moth or orange tip moth, is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1866 from the Moluccas. It is also known from South Asia, Vietnam, Australia and the Pacific Islands. It is a polyphagous pest on several commercially important crops.
Description
The wingspan is 14–18 mm, with females being larger than males. The forewing ground colour is yellowish with a sinuous pattern in rusty or ginger brown. The hindwings are yellow fawn.
Larval food plants
Ageratum conyzoides
Amaranthus viridis
Arachis hypogaea
Averrhoa carambola
Camellia limonia
Camellia sinensis
Carica papaya
Emilia longifolia
Euphorbia hirta
Euphorbia longan
Gnaphalium indicum
Gossypium barbadense
Helianthus annuus
Indigofera endecaphylla
Ipomoea batatas
Litchi chinensis
Morus alba
Passiflora foetida
Ricinus communis
Rosa rugosa
Scutellaria barbata
References
Moths described in 1866
Adoxophyes
Moths of Oceania
Moths of Asia
The Mercyhurst Lakers represented Mercyhurst University in CHA women's ice hockey during the 2017-18 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.
Standings
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#0a2351; "| CHA Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#0a2351; "| NCAA Tournament
Awards and honors
Vilma Tanskanen was named to the CHA All-Conference First Team.
Maggie Knott was named to the Second All-Conference Team.
Goaltender Kennedy Blair was named an All-Conference Rookie and won the CHA Goaltender Trophy.
Michael Sisti was awarded the CHA Coach of the Year award, as well as one of seven finalists for the NCAA Coach of the Year laurels.
References
Mercyhurst
Mercyhurst Lakers women's ice hockey seasons
Mercy
Mercy
is a 2012 rhythm game created by Sega and Crypton Future Media for the Nintendo 3DS. The game is a spin-off of the Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA series of Vocaloid rhythm games and was first released on March 8, 2012 in Japan with no international release. Like the original, the game primarily makes use of Vocaloids, a series of singing synthesizer pieces of software, and the songs created using them, most notably the virtual-diva Vocaloid Hatsune Miku. It is also the first game in the franchise to include a Vocaloid made by Internet Co., Ltd.; the mascot of Megpoid, Gumi, appears as a guest star.
On July 2, 2014, it was announced that a new version of the game, titled Hatsune Miku: Project Mirai DX, was in development for a 2015 release. On September 8, 2015, the game was released in North America.
A sequel to the game, titled Hatsune Miku: Project Mirai 2, was released in Japan on November 28, 2013.
Gameplay
As the game is a spin-off from the Project DIVA series, there are numerous differences between the game and the original series. Most prominent of which is the art style of the game as the characters appear as their Nendoroid-style, super deformed versions in which characters have heads that are three times the normal size and not proportionate to the body. Though the game is still a rhythm game, the way the gameplay mechanics work is entirely different. In addition the game does not feature the Edit Mode of the Project DIVA series, while the DIVA Room Mode is replaced by the game's My Room mode whereby players similarly get to interact with their modules in a room. The game includes an Augmented reality mode, where the characters will appear on AR cards viewed with the Nintendo 3DS camera.
For the game's primary gameplay, its music mode, it uses what it calls the "Chance Circle System". Buttons will appear around the border of a circle, and a pointer will appear from the center of the circle extending all the way outside the circle's border. It will then turn in a clockwise or counter-clockwise manner according to the song and when the pointer passes the button, the player has to press the face button on the 3DS. Similar to the series, the player's time accuracy will also be rated on a similar scale and manner that will be displayed on the bottom of the screen. The music videos of the songs in-game are partly animations of the characters like in the previous games, but some songs include the original music video with additional 3D effects. As opposed to the previous games, changing the character will also change the voice in the song in some cases. A few songs also have a change in the lyrics when sung by a different character.
Development
Development of the game began in mid-2010 and was only officially announced in September 2011 as Hatsune Miku -Project Mirai-. In November 2011, Famitsu unveiled the game's final name Hatsune Miku and Future Stars: Project Mirai (the word Mirai meaning "future"). This marks the first time a game in the series has changed its working name for the final release. The game was released in Japan on March 8, 2012 in a limited edition that included a Nendoroid Puchi figure of Hatsune Miku.
Song List
Project Mirai contains a total of 23 songs (39 if alternate-vocal versions are counted).
Songs with a bright yellow background are returning songs from previous games with new videos.
References
External links
Official Site
Project Mirai 2's Official Site
Project Mirai DX's Official English Site
2012 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Music video games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo 3DS-only games
Sega video games
Creative works using vocaloids
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA games
Video games developed in Japan
Dagmar Ringe (born February 20, 1942) is an American biochemist, educator, and researcher. She is the Harold and Bernice Davis Professor in Aging and Neurodegenerative Disease at Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts and holds appointments in the departments of Chemistry and Biochemistry.
Education
Ringe received the Bachelor's degree in Chemistry from Barnard College in New York, New York in 1963. She earned the doctoral degree in Chemistry under the direction of George Hein at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts in 1969.
Academic career
Following postdoctoral research appointments at the Fakultat der Universitat Munchen in Munich, Germany and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, she became Instructor and Senior Lecturer in the Department of Chemistry at MIT. She joined the faculty at Brandeis University in 1990 as Lucille P. Markey Associate Professor, promoted to Lucille P. Markey Professor in 1994. She became the Harold and Bernice Davis Professor in Aging and Neurodegenerative Disease at Brandeis University in 2006.
Service to the discipline
Ringe served as Co-Chair of the Gordon Research Conference on Enzymes, Co-enzymes and Metabolic Pathways in 1994 and was a member of the Board of Trustees of the Gordon Research Conferences (2000-2006). She was a Program Officer for the Program in Biophysics, Molecular and Cellular Biosciences, Division of Biology at the National Science Foundation (NSF) in 1997, 2000-2001 and 2010-2011 and served as Deputy Division Director, Molecular and Cellular Biosciences, Division of Biology, NSF, from 2012-2014. She was an Associate Editor of the Biophysical Journal (1999-2006) and is an editorial Board member of the Protein Journal and Scientific Reports. She served as an advisor for the TV mini-series documentary, The Mystery of Matter: Search for the Elements.
Contributions to science
Ringe has made extensive contributions to understanding the structure and function of enzymes. Her recent work has centered on understanding the functions of proteins associated with neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's, Lou Gehrig's, and Parkinson's. She co-authored a 2015 study revealing a potential novel approach to the treatment of Parkinson's disease and identified new pathways in Parkinson's. She has also discovered potential new drugs to stop the protein aggregation that leads to Alzheimer's disease.
Honors
Biophysical Society Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award (1985)
Guggenheim Fellowship of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation (1997)
Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (since 2005)
Abram L. Sachar Medallion from Brandeis University (2006)
Alexander von Humboldt Forshingspreis (2006)
Books
Reactions and Syntheses in the Organic Chemistry Laboratory, L.F. Tietze and Th. Eichler, translated by Dagmar Ringe, University Science Books, Mill Valley, CA, 1989.
Primers in Biology: Protein Structure and Function, Gregory A. Petsko and Dagmar Ringe, New Science Ltd., London, 2004
Cooperative Stewardship, National Research Council Report, J.J. Wise, Chair, 1999
"Bridges to Independence: Fostering the Independence of New Investigators in Biomedical Research." National Research Council Report, 2005
Bridging the Sciences, Report of the Interagency Coordinating Committee, Nov 9, 2004, NIH/NIBIB, NSF.
Drug Design: Structure- and Ligand-Based Approaches, K.M.Merz, D. Ringe, C.H.Reynolds, eds. Cambridge University Press (2010).
References
External links
Brandeis University Faculty
Dagmar Ringe, Ph.D., Michael J. Fox Foundation grantee
Chemistry Faculty Brandeis University
Potential Alzheimer's Drug Spurs Protein Recycling
1942 births
Living people
American women chemists
American women biochemists
Barnard College alumni
21st-century American women
FC Oshawa was a Canadian women's semi-professional soccer club based in Oshawa, Ontario. The club was founded in 2019 to compete in the League1 Ontario women's division, as a partnership between two local area youth clubs - Oshawa Kicks SC and FC Durham Academy.
Founder clubs
The club was founded in 2019 as a joint partnership between Durham Region clubs Oshawa Kicks Soccer Club and FC Durham Academy.
Oshawa Kicks SC
Oshawa Kicks SC is a youth soccer club located in Oshawa, Ontario. It was founded in 1975.
FC Durham
FC Durham Academy is a youth soccer academy located in Oshawa, Ontario. It was founded in 2013. After FC Oshawa folded, they continued to their own team in the League1 Ontario Reserve division, under the FC Durham name.
History
They had originally planned to join for the 2020 season, however the opportunity arose to join a year earlier and the clubs approved the earlier entry. In addition to the two founder clubs, they also used some players from the third local team in the city, Oshawa Turul. Oshawa Kicks had previously been part of the partnership with L1O club Durham United FA. They are one of three clubs representing Durham in League1 Ontario.
The club's first team entered the League1 Ontario women's division in 2019. They played their first match on May 4 against DeRo United. On July 20, they set a team record with a 10-0 victory over North Mississauga SC. They finished in a three-way tie for fifth place in their debut season (ultimately finishing sixth after tie-breakers) and advanced to the playoffs, where they were eliminated in the first round by eventual champions FC London. Their second season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in the cancellation of the entire league season. The club did not return in 2021.
Seasons
Women
Notable former players
The following players have either played at the professional or international level, either before or after playing for the League1 Ontario team:
References
Soccer clubs in Ontario
League1 Ontario teams
2019 establishments in Ontario
Sport in Oshawa
Association football clubs established in 2019
Women's soccer clubs in Canada
Brian Christian (born 1984 in Wilmington, Delaware) is an American non-fiction author, poet, programmer and researcher, best known for the two bestselling books The Most Human Human (2011) and Algorithms to Live By (2016).
Christian competed as a "confederate" in the 2009 Loebner Prize competition, attempting to seem "more human" than the humans taking the test, and succeeded. The book he wrote about the experience, The Most Human Human, became a Wall Street Journal best-seller, a New York Times editors' choice, and a New Yorker favorite book of the year. He was interviewed by Jon Stewart on The Daily Show on March 8, 2011.
In 2010, Christian collaborated with film director Michael Langan on a short film adaptation of Christian's poem "Heliotropes," which was published in the final issue of Wholphin magazine.
In 2016, Christian collaborated with cognitive scientist Tom Griffiths on the book Algorithms to Live By, which became the #1 bestselling nonfiction book on Audible and was named an Amazon best science book of the year and an MIT Technology Review best book of the year.
His awards and honors include publication in The Best American Science and Nature Writing and fellowships at the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference, Yaddo, and MacDowell. Beginning in 2012, Christian has been a visiting scholar at the University of California, Berkeley. In 2016 Christian was named a Laureate of the San Francisco Public Library.
In 2020, Christian published his third book of nonfiction, The Alignment Problem, which looks at the rise of the ethics and safety movement in machine learning through historical research and the stories of approximately 100 researchers. The Alignment Problem was named a finalist for the Los Angeles Times Book Prize for best science and technology book of the year.
Early life and education
Christian is a native of Little Silver, New Jersey. He attended high school at High Technology High School in Lincroft, NJ.
Christian holds a degree from Brown University in computer science and philosophy, and an MFA in poetry from the University of Washington.
Influence
In 2014, Vanity Fair magazine reported that The Most Human Human was the "night-table reading" of Elon Musk.
Reading The Most Human Human inspired the playwright Jordan Harrison to write the play Marjorie Prime. The play was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize and was released as a feature film in 2017.
The Most Human Human also inspired filmmaker Tommy Pallotta's 2018 documentary More Human Than Human, in which Christian appears.
In 2018, Algorithms to Live By was featured as an answer on the game show Jeopardy!.
In 2021, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella wrote in Fast Company that The Alignment Problem was one of the "5 books that inspired" him that year.
Books
The Most Human Human, 2011, Doubleday,
Algorithms to Live By, 2016, Henry Holt,
The Alignment Problem, 2020, Norton,
References
External links
1984 births
Brown University alumni
People from Little Silver, New Jersey
Writers from Wilmington, Delaware
Living people
University of Washington alumni
Poets from New Jersey
Poets from Delaware
American male poets
MacDowell Colony fellows
21st-century American poets
21st-century American male writers
The SSA22 Protocluster, also known as EQ J221734.0+001701, is a galaxy protocluster located at z=3.1 in the SSA 22 region. It is located at and was originally discovered in 1998.
In 2006, a multifilamentary structure measuring 200 million light-years in width was announced, coinciding with the protocluster. Discovered in 2005 by Ryosuke Yamauchi from Tohoku University in Sendai, Japan, and his colleagues, the structure was found in a region of the universe known to contain large concentrations of gas. The structure is a very distant object; the astronomers that discovered it were actually looking at something from 12 billion years ago. This object is made up of lyman-break galaxies and large gas bubbles, such as lyman-alpha blobs and lyman-alpha emitters gaseous filaments. Some of the gas bubbles that make up this colossal structure are up to 400,000 light-years across, over twice the diameter of the Andromeda Galaxy. Some scientists believe that these giant bubbles formed after massive stars born in the early universe exploded as supernovae and ejected their surrounding gases. The galaxies and gas bubbles that are part of this structure line up along three curved filaments, or arms, that formed approximately 2 billion years after the Big Bang. These filaments were observed with the help of the Subaru and Keck telescopes located on the Mauna Kea volcano in Hawaii.
This structure is not only incredibly large, but also very dense; the galaxies located in each of the filaments are four times closer to each other than the universe's average. Before its discovery, astronomers had predicted the existence of a structure like this one. According to computer models, several of the most massive galaxies originated in structures like this. These galaxies are believed to have formed as a result of blobs like those constituent to this structure collapsing under their own gravity. Since the densest areas in the universe are thought to be the places where galaxies formed first, this structure may be one of the earliest to have formed. This structure may reveal when and how the first galaxies formed and could help us better understand how our own galaxy came to be.
References
Galaxy clusters
Kensington Park School is a coeducational independent day and boarding school located in London, England.
The lower school for pupils aged 11 to 16 is situated in the Bayswater area of the City of Westminster, while the sixth form is located in nearby South Kensington. in 2020 Chelsea Independent College in Fulham formally merged with Kensington Park School.
References
External links
Kensington Park School official website
Independent co-educational schools in London
Independent schools in the City of Westminster
Boarding schools in London
Soh is a surname in various cultures.
Origins
Soh may be:
A spelling of the pronunciation in some varieties of Chinese (such as Cantonese or Hokkien) of the Chinese surname spelled in Mandarin Pinyin as Sū ()
An alternative spelling of the Korean surnames spelled in the Revised Romanization of Korean (RR) as Seo () or So ()
An alternative spelling of the Japanese surname Sō ()
Statistics
The 2000 South Korean census found 49,456 people with the surname spelled So in RR, and 695,241 with the surname spelled Seo in RR. The former surname is spelled as Soh relatively frequently, but the latter surname is not. In a study based on a sample of applications for South Korean passports in 2007, 8.9% of people with the surname spelled So in RR chose to spell it as Soh in their passports, but none of the people with the surname spelled Seo in RR chose to spell it as Soh in their passports.
According to statistics cited by Patrick Hanks, there were 100 people on the island of Great Britain and none on the island of Ireland with the surname Soh as of 2011.
The 2010 United States Census found 757 people with the surname Soh, making it the 30,767th-most-common name in the country. This represented an increase from 516 people (40,019th-most-common) in the 2000 Census. In both censuses, about nine-tenths of the bearers of the surname identified as Asian, and about 5% as White.
People
People with one of these surnames spelled as Soh in English include:
Soh Kwang-pom (; 1859–1897), Korean reformist of the late Joseon Dynasty
Soh Jaipil (; 1864–1961), Korean independence activist and medical doctor
Soh Chin Ann (; born 1950), Malaysian footballer
Soh Hang-suen (; 1951–2013), Hong Kong actress
Shigeru Soh (; born 1953), Japanese long-distance runner, twin brother of Takeshi
Takeshi Soh (; born 1953), Japanese long-distance runner, twin brother of Shigeru
June-Young Soh (; born 1965), South Korean director and musician
Cavin Soh (; born 1970), Singaporean actor
Hany Soh (; born 1987), Singaporean politician
Elson Soh (; born 1988), Singaporean singer
Charmaine Soh (born 1990), Singaporean netball player
Debra W. Soh (born 1990), Canadian neuroscientist and science journalist
Soh Rui Yong (; born 1991), Singaporean long-distance runner
Soh Wooi Yik (; born 1998), Malaysian badminton player
Loïc Mbe Soh (born 2001), Cameroonian-born French footballer
Chunghee Sarah Soh (; ), South Korean-born American anthropologist
Kopi Soh (), pseudonym of a Malaysian author
See also
Fikri Che Soh (born 1998), Malaysian footballer (Che Soh is a patronymic, not a surname)
References
Akelarre is a 1984 Spanish period drama film directed by Pedro Olea. Akelarre means "Witches' Sabbath" in English, and the film is about witchcraft trials directed against the Araitz witches. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Sílvia Munt as Garazi
José Luis López Vázquez as Inquisitor
Mary Carrillo as Amunia
Walter Vidarte as Don Fermín de Andueza
Patxi Bisquert as Unai
Iñaki Miramón as Íñigo
Mikel Garmendia
Javier Loyola as Prior
Sergio Mendizábal as Antxón
Félix Rotaeta as J. de Areso
References
External links
1984 films
1980s Spanish-language films
1984 drama films
Films directed by Pedro Olea
Spanish drama films
1980s Spanish films
Thomas Gouge (19 September 1605, Bow, London – 29 October 1681, London) was an English Presbyterian clergyman, a contemporary of Samuel Pepys, associated with the Puritan movement.
Gouge was the son of William Gouge, himself a clergyman and the rector of St. Anne's church in Blackfriars. Thomas Gouge was educated at Eton and at King's College, Cambridge, where he became a fellow in 1628. He was the vicar of the parish of St. Sepulchre from 1638, a position he held until the Act of Uniformity in 1662. Gouge's refusal to use the 1662 version of the Book of Common Prayer is recounted in the diary of Samuel Pepys.
Thomas Gouge was famous during his lifetime for acts of charity, especially in the aftermath of the Great Fire of London. He provided work for the poor in flax and hemp-spinning. He traveled extensively in Wales performing charitable works and distributing religious literature there. Gouge's best remembered work is Riches Increased by Giving to the Poor. Gouge's funeral sermon was preached by John Tillotson.
References
External links
Collected works of Thomas Gouge, with a life of the author
1609 births
1681 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Fellows of King's College, Cambridge
English Presbyterian ministers of the Interregnum (England)
Ejected English ministers of 1662
English religious writers
Carla L. Peterson (born September 4, 1944) is a Professor of English at the University of Maryland, College Park. Her expertise includes nineteenth-century African-American women writers and speakers in the northern US, African-American novelists in the post-Reconstruction era, and gender and culture in historical literature.
Career
Education
Peterson completed her Ph.D. at Yale University in 1976. Subsequently, she won a National Research Council Postdoctoral Fellowship for Minorities from 1981–1982 and a fellowship at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (at Stanford) from 1987-1988. In the 1990s, she won awards from the American Council of Learned Societies (1991–1992) and from the American Association of University Women (1991–1992).
Research and teaching activities
In the American Studies Association, Peterson served as co-chair of the ASA 2003 Annual Meeting Program Committee, and was a member of the John Hope Franklin Prize Committee in 1993-94. She also sat on the American Quarterly Board of Managing Editors and was on the Board of Advisory Editors. Peterson has participated in the TV documentaries, “Ticket to Freedom” and “Remembering Slavery.” Peterson has held curriculum development workshops for public school teachers and served as a USIA academic specialist in American Studies at institutions such as Quisqueya University, Port-au-Prince, Haiti. She has also taught summer seminars in Rio de Janeiro and Mexico City.
Current activities
Peterson is currently a member of the Maryland Humanities Council Speakers Bureau. Peterson also serves as an affiliate faculty member of the American Studies, African-American Studies, and Women's Studies Departments. Her current research interests include a range of issues including race, ethnicity, African-American issues, gender and feminism, family/children/child development, history, and literature.
Peterson's most recent book, Black Gotham: African American Family and Community in Nineteenth-Century New York, was published in 2012. The book is a non-fiction account of nineteenth-century black New Yorkers, viewed from the perspective of family histories.
Works
“Doers of the Word”: African-American Women Speakers and Writers in the North (1830-1880). New York: Oxford University Press, 1995.
“Reading Contested Spaces in Antebellum New York: Black Community, City Neighbourhoods and the Draft Riots of 1863.” In “We Shall Independent Be”: African American Place-Making and the Struggle to Claim Space in the United States, edited by Leslie M. Alexander and Angel David Nieves. Boulder: University Press of Colorado, 2008.
Antebellum Slave Narrators: Frederick Douglass and Harriet Jacobs
Family, Memory, History: Reconstituting Black Elite Culture in Nineteenth-Century New York
Black Cosmopolitanism and the Reshaping of African American Local and National Identities (1830-1910)
Articles: seven articles in journals such as American Quarterly and American Literary History, and collections such as Critical Essays on Frederick Douglass and Criticism and the Color Line: Race and Revisionism in American Literary History.
References
Yale University alumni
University of Maryland, College Park faculty
1944 births
Living people
American academics of English literature
Place of birth missing (living people)
State Route 194 (SR-194) is a state highway in northern Utah County, Utah, in the United States that runs along 2100 North in Lehi and connects SR-68 (Redwood Road) with Interstate 15 and U.S. Route 89. The route is a part of the greater Mountain View Corridor project.
Route description
SR-194 begins in Lehi at the northbound ramps of I-15 exit 282. From its eastern terminus, the route briefly runs concurrently with northbound US-89 as they swing to the west onto the alignment of 2100 North. The routes promptly arrive at an intersection with State Street and the southbound I-15 on and off-ramps, where US-89 splits to the south on State Street.
Continuing west, SR-194 splits into a divided highway with split intersections at Thanksgiving Way, Triumph Boulevard, 3600 West, and Redwood Road, as well as Texas U-turns immediately west of Triumph Boulevard and on both sides of 3600 West. Just before crossing over the Jordan River the route leaves Lehi and enters unincorporated Utah County. After crossing 3600 West, SR-194 reaches its current western terminus at SR-68 (Redwood Road). In the future, an extension from this intersection will be constructed farther west as part of SR-85 (Mountain View Highway) and will loop to the southwest and end at SR-73 in Saratoga Springs.
History
As part of the Mountain View Corridor project, construction began in 2010 on the western end of 2100 North in Lehi. The new section of roadway ran between I-15/US-89 and Redwood Road, and was completed in September 2011. It was the first road segment of the Mountain View Corridor project to be built and was designated as SR-85.
Later, the primary north–south segment of the corridor was built in Salt Lake County, initially opening in 2012. However, this was also designated SR-85, resulting in two discontinuous segments of SR-85 with an implied concurrency connecting the two pieces. This situation lasted until 2017, construction was started on the section of the Mountain View Corridor connecting SR-73 with SR-68 at 2100 North. This required a route renumbering, as the segment under construction was also planned to be numbered SR-85. As a result, the Utah State Legislature re-designated the original east–west segment of SR-85 on 2100 North as SR-194.
In 2018 construction began on the I-15 Technology Corridor Project. As part of that project, the interchange between SR-194, I-15, and US-89 is being entirely rebuilt and moved slightly to the northwest. During construction, it was temporarily converted to a modified diverging diamond interchange. In addition, the I-15 southbound on-ramp has been temporarily moved from its former location southwest of the interchange to a cloverleaf-style ramp on the northwest side of the interchange, and will return to its original location when the project is complete.
Future
Like the rest of the Mountain View Corridor, plans call for SR-194 to be upgraded to a freeway in the future. The freeway lanes will be built in the median of the existing divided highway, and the existing roadways will become one-way frontage roads with slip ramps. The upgrade will provide freeway access between the future SR-85 freeway and I-15. As these additional upgrades are unfunded, no projected completion date has been given.
Major intersections
See also
Notes
References
External links
Utah Department of Transportation Highway Referencing: Route 194 (PDF)
194
194
Streets in Utah
Paso Palma is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 582.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Paso Palma barrio was 1,317.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Ig gamma-3 chain C region is a protein that in humans is encoded by the IGHG3 gene.
References
Further reading
Proteins
Ndombe Opetum (March 3, 1944 – May 24, 2012), popularly known as Pepe Ndombe, was an Odemba recording artist, composer and vocalist, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). He was once a member of the seminal soukous band TPOK Jazz which dominated the Congolese music scene from the 1960s through the 1980s.
Music career with TPOK Jazz
Ndombe Opetum was the lead vocalist for Afrisa International, prior to joining TPOK Jazz, in the mid 1970s, after Sam Mangwana had left the band. He came over to TPOK Jazz with horn player Empopo Loway, and he stayed with the band until it split up in December 1993, four years after the death of founder François Luambo Makiadi. Contemporary band members at the time included vocalists: Wuta Mayi, Michel Boyibanda, Josky Kiambukuta and Youlou Mabiala, and rhythm guitarist Simaro Lutumba and solo guitarist Franco himself.
Ndombe Opetum is credited with composing the following songs for the band, among others:
Voyage na Bandundu
Mawe
Mabe Yo Mabe – in 1977
Coupe du Monde – in 1979
Youyou – in 1980
Nayebi Ndenge Bakolela Ngai – in 1982
Angela – in 1989
Tawaba – in 1989
Music career post TPOK Jazz
Following the death of Franco in 1989, TPOK Jazz continued to play together for four years. Simarro would take care of the musicians and the family would take care of the lawyers, record labels and other technical stakeholders. The musicians would share 70% of receipts, while the Franco family would keep 30% of all receipts. However, differences developed between the musicians and the Franco family and the band split up in December 1993. Ndombe Opetum, together with Simaro Lutumba, Josky Kiambukuta and about thirty former TPOK Jazz members. He was also a founding member of the band Bana OK in January 1994 and was a member of the band up until his death in May 2012.
Personal life
Pepe Ndombe Opetum was born in Bandundu Province in what was then known as the Belgian Congo in 1944. He was educated in Leopoldville (now Kinshasa). He was married and was the father of nine children. His fifth offspring is a son, born in Kinshasa on 3 March 1974, who is also a professional vocalist in the DRC. The young Ndombe calls himself Baby Ndombe or Baby Black, and has performed to large audiences in Africa, Europe and North America, targeting primarily the African Diaspora.
Death
Pepe Ndombe Opetum died of cardiac arrest on May 24, 2012, in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo. At the time of his death, his age was reported as 68 years old.
See also
Franco Luambo Makiadi
Sam Mangwana
Josky Kiambukuta
TPOK Jazz
List of African musicians
References
External links
Overview of Legacy of Franco and TPOK Jazz
Lengthy Interview with Simaro Lutumba In 2002
Photo of Ndombe Opetum, Radio Okapi]
Democratic Republic of the Congo musicians
1944 births
Soukous musicians
2012 deaths
People from Bandundu Province
TPOK Jazz members
Acacia saxicola, commonly known as Mount Maroon wattle, is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae native to eastern Australia.
Description
The shrub typically grows to a height of and has a diffuse and multi-branched habit. The sparsely haired or glabrous branchlets have long stipules along there length. The branchlets have a rounded cross-section. Like most species of Acacia the shrub has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The crowded but scattered evergreen phyllodes are patent to inclined with a lanceolate to narrowly triangular shape that is straight to shallowly recurved. The glossy dark green phyllodes have a length of and a width of and are pungent and rigid with a prominent midrib. The tip of the phyllode slowly thins down to a long reddish coloured spine. When it blooms it produces inflorescences that occur singly along rudimentary racemes. The spherical flower-heads have a diameter of around and contain 40 to 50 densely packed pale golden yellow flowers. Following flowering firmly chartaceous to crustaceous seed pods form that have a length of up to and a width of around . The dark brown pods are irregularly undulate, dark brown and contain longitudinally arranged seeds. The seeds have a depressed-globular shape and a length of around .
Taxonomy
The species was first described by the botanist Leslie Pedley in 1969 as part of the work Notes on Acacia, chiefly from Queensland as published in Contributions from the Queensland Herbarium. It was reclassified as Racosperma saxicola in 1987 by Pedley then transferred back to genus Acacia in 2001.
The shrub resembles both Acacia ulicifolia and Acacia brachycarpa but has wider phyllodes and shorter flower stalks.
Distribution
It is endemic only in a small area around Mount Maroon in the Mount Barney National Park in south eastern Queensland to the south of Boonah where it is found at altitudes of around on rocky slopes and in crevices growing in thin sandy-loam soils as a part of heathland communities. It is mostly found in pockets of soil found in the crevices of the rocks.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
saxicola
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1969
Taxa named by Leslie Pedley
Thikana is a 1987 Hindi crime drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt. It stars Smita Patil, Anil Kapoor and Amrita Singh in lead roles.
Plot
Alcoholic lawyer Ravi Goel (Anil Kapoor) does not get cases because he refuses to lie. He lives with his mother (Rohini Hattangadi) and sister Shashi (Smita Patil), who also happens to be the breadwinner for the family.
MP Rane (Avtar Gill) rapes a girl and is videotaped by a cameraman, (Madan Jain). Rane has both of them killed. Meanwhile, Shashi becomes pregnant from Ranveer Singh (Suresh Oberoi). She refuses to marry him because she feels that when she would leave her family, they would be in trouble. Ranbir convinces Ravi to take on cases to fight in the court.
Tea shop owner Chakradhari (Satish Kaushik) tells Ravi that dancer Shaila (Amrita Singh)'s brother has been missing for some time. Ravi begins searching for her brother and discovering his death, tries to find the killers.
Cast
Smita Patil as Shashi Goel
Anil Kapoor as Ravi Goel
Amrita Singh as Shaila
Satish Kaushik as Chakradhari
Anupam Kher as Inspector Anwar Ali
Suresh Oberoi as Inspector Ranveer Singh
Rohini Hattangadi as Mrs. Goel
Avtar Gill as MP Rane
Madan Jain as Cameraman Avinash
Songs
Anjaan wrote the songs.
Production
During the film's shooting actress Smita Patil became pregnant but continued working for the film. She cited that housemaids also work when they are pregnant. She died on 13 December 1986 due to childbirth complications, just a few days after the birth of her and Raj Babbar's son Prateik Babbar.
Arshad Warsi assisted Bhatt for Kaash and Thikana.
Reception
Akshay Shah of Planet Bollywood gave the film a rating of 8/10. He praised the story, direction, Suresh Oberoi and Anil Kapoor's performance. Shah felt that Kapoor's performance was under-rated. He called Patil a "disappointment" and termed the remaining cast as "average". He also said that Paresh Rawal or Kader Khan could have done better than Avtar Gill in the MP's role. Mint Nandini Ramnath called Patil's role one of her most underrated ones. DAWN has called the film "one of [Bhatt's] most searching studies of flexible middle-class morality". Despite the critical acclaim, it was a commercial failure.
References
External links
1987 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Mahesh Bhatt
Films scored by Kalyanji Anandji
Hárrison Steve Henao Hurtado (born February 19, 1987 in Bello) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Colombian side Once Caldas.
Club career
Hárrison Henao began his career in the youth ranks of Deportivo Rionegro. He then moved to Manizales club Once Caldas and in 2010 made his first team debut for the club in Colombia's Primera A.
On April 11, 2012, Henao signed a loan deal with the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Once Caldas footballers
Colorado Rapids players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Major League Soccer players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
R-16 regional road () (previously known as R-14 regional road) is a Montenegrin roadway.
It serves as an alternative connection between Plužine and Žabljak.
History
In January 2016, the Ministry of Transport and Maritime Affairs published bylaw on categorisation of state roads. With new categorisation, R-14 regional road was renamed as R-16 regional road.
Major intersections
References
R-16
Paul Albera (in Italian Paolo Albera) 6 June 1845 - 29 October 1921) was a Catholic Roman Priest of the Salesians of Don Bosco, who served as Rector Major of that Congregation between 1910 and 1921.
Life
Albera was the sixth child of a farmer family of None, a town between Turin and Pinerolo. He knew Don Bosco when he was 13 at the church of his town. On 18 October 1858 he joined the Don Bosco's youth center in Valdocco. He was among the first 22 Salesians to make religious vows. In 1863 Don Bosco sent him as assistant and teacher to the newly opened boarding school of Mirabello Monferrato, where one of his pupils was Luigi Lasagna, future Salesian missionary and bishop in Brazil. He was ordained as a priest on 2 August 1868 in Casale Monferrato. Don Bosco chose him to begin a new Salesian work in Marassi in 1871, and one year later, in 1872, the entire school and youth center was moved to Sampierdarena near Genoa in 1872. In 1875 Don Bosco opened a house for late vocations in Sampierdarena with Albera as director. It was the first place in the vocation of Philip Rinaldi who would become a good friend of Albera for the rest of his life. In 1881 he was designated superior of the Salesians for France. In 1891 he returned to Turin as a member of the general council, in the position of Catechist General (or spiritual director general). In 1900, Don Rua as special visitor to the Salesian Houses of the Western Hemisphere.
Rector Major
After the death of Don Rua in 1910, the General Chapter elected Albera as the second successor of Don Bosco. He continued the policies of Don Rua to increase the number of Salesian houses in the world. But he would face a difficult time with the World War I, when many young Salesians were brought to the armies, many of them into enemy troops of the time. One of those young Salesians was Renato Ziggiotti, his future successor.
In 1913 he visited the houses of Austria, Poland, Yugoslavia, United Kingdom and Belgium and he opened a Salesian presence in Hungary. But during the war many Salesian schools were converted into fittings or hospitals. Albera began to write letters to the military units around Europe where he knew there were Salesians. But the European war did not stop the growing of the Salesian order in other continents. In 1914 he approved the opening of missions in Rio Negro (Brazil), Germany and China. In 1915 Pope Benedict XV elevated the first Salesian cardinal: Giovanni Cagliero. In 1920 the Salesians arrived to Gran Chaco in Paraguay and to Assam in India as well as Central America and Cuba.
On 29 October 1921 Paolo Albera died in Turin, having been Rector Major of the Salesian Society for 11 years.
References
Salesians of Don Bosco
1845 births
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
1921 deaths
People from the Province of Turin
A residual gas analyzer (RGA) is a small and usually rugged mass spectrometer, typically designed for process control and contamination monitoring in vacuum systems. Utilizing quadrupole technology, there exists two implementations, utilizing either an open ion source (OIS) or a closed ion source (CIS). RGAs may be found in high vacuum applications such as research chambers, surface science setups, accelerators, scanning microscopes, etc. RGAs are used in most cases to monitor the quality of the vacuum and easily detect minute traces of impurities in the low-pressure gas environment. These impurities can be measured down to Torr levels, possessing sub-ppm detectability in the absence of background interferences.
RGAs would also be used as sensitive in-situ leak detectors commonly using helium, isopropyl alcohol or other tracer molecules. With vacuum systems pumped down to lower than Torr—checking of the integrity of the vacuum seals and the quality of the vacuum—air leaks, virtual leaks and other contaminants at low levels may be detected before a process is initiated.
Open ion source
OIS is the most widely available type of RGA. Residual Gas Analyzers measure pressure by sensing the weight of each atom as they pass through the quadrupole. Cylindrical and axially symmetrical, this kind of ionizer has been around since the early 1950s. The OIS type is usually mounted directly to the vacuum chamber, exposing the filament wire and anode wire cage to the surrounding vacuum chamber, allowing all molecules in the vacuum chamber to move easily through the ion source. With a maximum operating pressure of Torr and a minimum detectable partial pressure as low as Torr when used in tandem with an electron multiplier.
OIS RGAs measure residual gas levels without affecting the gas composition of their vacuum environment, though there are performance limitations which include:
Outgassing of water from the chamber, from the OIS electrodes and most varieties of 300-series stainless steel used in the surrounding vacuum chamber due to the high temperatures of the hot-cathode source (> 1300 °C).
Electron Stimulated Desorption (ESD) is noted by peaks observed at 12, 16, 19 and 35 u rather than by electron-impact ionization of gaseous species, with the effects similar to outgassing effects. This is frequently counteracted by gold-plating the ionizer which in turn reduces the adsorption of many gases. Using platinum-clad molybdenum ionizers is an alternative.
Closed ion source
With applications requiring measurement of pressures between and Torr, the problem of ambient and process gases can be significantly reduced by replacing the OIS configuration with a CIS sampling system. Such an ionizer sits on top of the quadrupole mass filter and consists of a short, gas-tight tube with two openings for the entrance of electrons and exit of ions. The ions are formed close to a single extraction plate and exit the ionizer. Electrically insulated alumina rings seal the tube and the biased electrodes from the rest of the quadrupole mass assembly. The ions are produced by electron impact directly at the process pressure. Such design has been applied to gas chromatography mass spectrometry instruments before adaption by quadrupole gas analyzers. Most commercially available CIS systems operate between and Torr and offer ppm level detectability over the entire mass range for process pressures between and Torr. The upper limit is set by reduction in mean free path for ion-neutral collisions which takes place at higher pressures, and results in the scattering of ions and reduced sensitivity.
The CIS anode may be viewed as a high conductance tube connected directly to the process chamber. The pressure in the ionization area is virtually the same as the rest of the chamber. Thus the CIS ionizer produces ions by electron impact directly at the process pressure whilst the rest of the mass analyzer is kept under high vacuum. Such direct sampling provides good sensitivity and fast response times.
References
External links
A reference describing threshold ionisation with RGA
Mass spectrometry
Vacuum gauges
Pentila is a genus of butterflies, commonly called pentilas or buffs, in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropics. For other butterflies called buffs, see genus Baliochila.
Species
Listed alphabetically:
Pentila abraxas Westwood, 1852
Pentila alba Dewitz, 1886
Pentila amenaida Hewitson, 1873
Pentila amenaidoides (Holland, 1893)
Pentila auga Karsch, 1895
Pentila bennetti Collins & Larsen, 2003
Pentila bitje Druce, 1910
Pentila camerunica Stempffer & Bennett, 1961
Pentila carcassoni Stempffer & Bennett, 1961
Pentila christina Suffert, 1904
Pentila cloetensi Aurivillius, 1898
Pentila condamini Stempffer, 1963
Pentila fallax Bethune-Baker, 1915
Pentila fidonioides Schultze, 1923
Pentila glagoessa (Holland, 1893)
Pentila hewitsoni (Grose-Smith & Kirby, 1887)
Pentila inconspicua Druce, 1910 – inconspicuous pentila
Pentila landbecki Stempffer & Bennett, 1961
Pentila maculata (Kirby, 1887)
Pentila mesia Hulstaert, 1924
Pentila nero (Grose-Smith & Kirby, 1894)
Pentila nigeriana Stempffer & Bennett, 1961
Pentila occidentalium Aurivillius, 1899
Pentila pauli Staudinger, 1888 – Paul's buff
Pentila petreia Hewitson, 1874
Pentila petreoides Bethune-Baker, 1915
Pentila phidia Hewitson, 1874
Pentila picena Hewitson, 1874
Pentila preussi Staudinger, 1888
Pentila pseudorotha Stempffer & Bennett, 1961
Pentila rogersi (Druce, 1907) – Rogers' pentila
Pentila rondo Kielland, 1990
Pentila rotha Hewitson, 1873
Pentila subfuscata Hawker-Smith, 1933
Pentila swynnertoni Stevenson, 1940
Pentila tachyroides Dewitz, 1879 – mylothrid pentila
Pentila torrida (Kirby, 1887)
Pentila tropicalis (Boisduval, 1847) – tropical pentila, spotted buff
Pentila umangiana Aurivillius, 1898
Pentila umbra Holland, 1892
References
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 63 and 64
Poritiinae
Taxa named by John O. Westwood
Lycaenidae genera
Nativity is a 1603-1605 painting of the Nativity of Jesus by El Greco. It was one of five paintings painted for the high altarpiece of the Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad in Illescas, Toledo. It and three others still hang there (Charity, Coronation of the Virgin and Annunciation), whilst the fifth is in the National Museum of Art of Romania (Marriage of the Virgin).
It is a simplification of his Adoration of the Shepherds from the Doña María de Aragón Altarpiece, omitting the shepherds and converting the scene into a circular format.
Nativity of Jesus in art
1600s paintings
Paintings by El Greco
Altarpieces
Tulem () may refer to:
Tulem District
Tulem Rural District
Gnathifera bidentella is a fringe-tufted moth species. It was described by Reinhard Gaedike in 1981. It is found in Queensland, Australia.
References
Moths described in 1981
Epermeniidae
Moths of Australia
The 1990 Caribbean Cup (known as the Shell Caribbean Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the second edition of the Caribbean Cup, the football championship of the Caribbean, one of the CONCACAF zones. The final stage was hosted by Trinidad and Tobago.
The tournament was not completed. Play was suspended when Jamaat al Muslimeen attempted a coup d'état of the government of Trinidad and Tobago. The tournament was abandoned altogether after Tropical storm Arthur forced the cancellation of the final round of games. Trinidad and Tobago were to meet Martinique in the final, and Jamaica and Barbados were to meet in the third place match.
Qualifying tournament
Zone A
Zone B
Zone C
Zone D
Qualifying
Zone A
Zone B
Qualifying Final
Final group
Final tournament
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Third place match
Final
External links
Tournament details on RSSSF website
Caribbean Cup
Caribbean Cup
International association football competitions hosted by Trinidad and Tobago
1990 in Trinidad and Tobago football
The 1955 Washington Senators season was the franchise's 55th in Major League Baseball. The Senators won 53 games, lost 101, and finished in eighth and last place in the American League. They were managed by Chuck Dressen and played home games at Griffith Stadium, where they draw 425,238 fans, eighth and last in the American League and 16th and last in MLB.
It was Dressen's first year as the Senators' manager, after Bucky Harris had led the 1954 club to a 66–88, sixth place finish. Dressen, 60, came to Washington two years removed from a highly successful three-year term as skipper of the Brooklyn Dodgers, where his teams finished in a dead heat for first in (losing the 1951 National League tie-breaker series on Bobby Thomson's famous home run), then won back-to-back NL titles in and . But in each of the latter seasons, his Dodgers were defeated by the New York Yankees in the World Series, and when Dressen decided to demand a three-year contract to return to Brooklyn for 1954, his owner, Walter O'Malley, let his 1953 contract expire. Dressen spent 1954 managing Oakland in the highly competitive Pacific Coast League, and his return to the major leagues was viewed with anticipation by some observers.
His hiring was a departure for the Senators' management and ownership. He was the first manager outside the Washington team's "family" hired during Clark Griffith's presidency, which began in 1920. Through 1954, Griffith had appointed eight different men to manage his club (with one, Harris, serving three different terms), and all had been current or former Senator players. Dressen, as a veteran National Leaguer and a high profile manager with New York ties, broke that 35-season trend.
And, though no one knew it at the time, 1955 would be a milestone for baseball in Washington when it proved to be Griffith's last season as the club's president and chief stockholder. He died at age 85 on October 27, and his nephew Calvin, who succeeded him, would move the franchise to Minneapolis–Saint Paul as the Minnesota Twins after only five seasons as the Senators' president.
Offseason
Prior to 1955 season: Choo-Choo Coleman was signed as an amateur free agent by the Senators.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
May 1955: Gus Keriazakos was traded by the Senators to the Kansas City Athletics for Al Sima.
June 7, 1955: Jim Busby was traded by the Senators to the Chicago White Sox for Bob Chakales, Clint Courtney and Johnny Groth.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Award winners
All-Star Game
Mickey Vernon, starter, first base
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Orlando
References
External links
1955 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1955 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
1955 Washington "Nationals" promotional film
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
1955 in sports in Washington, D.C.
Polyortha tersa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Guatemala.
References
Moths described in 1914
Polyortha
Adair County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Columbia. The county was founded in 1801 and named for John Adair, then Speaker of the House in Kentucky and later Governor of Kentucky (1820 – 1824). Adair County has some of the few surviving American Chestnut trees in the United States.
History
Adair County was formed on December 11, 1801, from sections of Green County. Columbia was chosen as the county seat the following year and the first courthouse was built in 1806.
The county was named in honor of John Adair, a veteran of the Revolutionary War and Northwest Indian War. Later he commanded Kentucky troops in the Battle of New Orleans. He served as the eighth Governor of Kentucky. This was the 44th of Kentucky's 120 counties to be organized.
After the American Civil War, a gang of five men, believed to include Frank and Jesse James from Missouri, robbed the Bank of Columbia of $600 on April 29, 1872. They killed the cashier, R.A.C. Martin, in the course of the robbery.
The courthouse on the Columbia town square, completed in 1884, replaced the original 1806 courthouse.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water. It is part of the Pennyroyal Plateau region of Kentucky and is part of western Appalachia. Over 40% of the county's land is covered with timber.
The Green River is the county's major waterway. The river was impounded to form Green River Lake, the major feature of Green River Lake State Park, which lies in Adair and Taylor counties.
Adjacent counties
Taylor County – north (EST)
Casey County – northeast (EST)
Russell County – east
Cumberland County – south
Metcalfe County – southwest
Green County – northwest
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 17,244 people, 6,747 households, and 4,803 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,792 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.00% White, 2.55% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.19% from other races, and 0.76% from two or more races. 0.77% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,747 households, out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.60% were married couples living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.80% were non-families. 26.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.50% under the age of 18, 10.70% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 94.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $24,055, and the median income for a family was $29,779. Males had a median income of $23,183 versus $17,009 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,931. About 18.20% of families and 24.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.60% of those under age 18 and 21.70% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Adair County's agrarian economy produces livestock, dairy products, corn, and tobacco. The county experienced a minor oil boom in the 1960s.
Lack of adequate transportation infrastructure hindered the county's prosperity well into the 20th century. The completion of the Cumberland Parkway in 1973 significantly ameliorated this problem.
Education
The county is served by Adair County Schools.
Its schools are:
Adair County Primary Center (Principal: Patty R. Jones; Asst. Principal: Laura H. Murrell)
Adair County Elementary School (Principal: Steve Burton; Assistant Principal: Sommer Brown)
Adair County Middle School (Principal: Alma Rich; Assistant Principal: Donna Young)
Adair County High School (Principal: Troy Young; Assistant Principal: Doug Holmes).
Politics
Voter registration
Statewide elections
Communities
City
Columbia
Unincorporated communities
Below is partial listing of known unincorporated communities within Adair County. A more complete listing is available here.
Breeding
Glens Fork
Gradyville
Knifley
Neatsville
Pellyton
Sparksville
Cane Valley
Coburg
Holmes Bend
Kellyville
Notable residents
Thomas E. Bramlette, Governor of Kentucky
Robert Porter Caldwell (1821–1885), United States Congressman, was born in Adair County.
E. A. Diddle, men's basketball coach for Western Kentucky University
Janice Holt Giles (1909–1979), a writer noted particularly for her regional novels and nonfiction, lived in Adair County from 1949 until her death in 1979.
James R. Hindman, Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky
Sergeant Dakota Meyer (b. 1988), born and initially educated in Adair County, received the Medal of Honor in 2011 for his actions in Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2009
Pinkney H. Walker, Chief Justice of the Illinois Supreme Court, was born in Adair County.
Evelyn West, burlesque actress
Frank Lane Wolford, U.S. Representative from Kentucky
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Adair County, Kentucky
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Columbia & Adair Chamber of Commerce
Columbia Magazine
Burtons of Adair County
1801 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Populated places established in 1801
Counties of Appalachia
The Electric Amish is an Indiana-based parody rock band that takes well-known rock standards and recasts them from a heavily tongue-in-cheek Amish perspective. The band consists of three fictional characters: Graeber Goodman (born in Las Vegas, Nevada, moved to Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and settled in Nappanee, Indiana) on electric guitar and vocals; Carl Goodman (born in Berne, Indiana) on electric bass and vocals; and Barry Goodman (born in Goshen, Indiana) on drums and vocals. The true identities behind these personas are, respectively, Dean Metcalf (producer of The Bob & Tom Show), and brothers Barclay Grayson and Kyle Grayson—all of central Indiana.
Humor
Much of the humor in their lyrics presupposes at least a passing understanding of Amish and Mennonite cultures (for example, outsiders are called "the English"). The band rose to stardom after performing on The Bob & Tom Show, where they can occasionally still be heard.
Albums
The Electric Amish released their first album, Barn to Be Wild, in 1995, followed by Milkin' It in 1996 and A Hard Day's Work in 1999. They also have a song, "Farmageddon," on the 1998 release Back in '98, which features items from The Bob & Tom Show. While the band has not released anything since 1999, they continue to perform occasionally, mostly in the Upper Midwest US. They record on the DonkeyMonkey label.
Band members
Graeber Goodman (Dean Metcalf) – Electric guitar and vocals
Carl Goodman (Barclay Grayson) – Electric bass and vocals
Barry Goodman (Kyle Grayson) – Drums and vocals
Recordings
Barn to Be Wild, 1995
"We Are an Amish Band"
"Black Bonnet Girls"
"Come Together (and Build a Barn)"
"Mennonite Blues"
"Amish Lady"
"My Congregation"
"Barn to Be Wild"
"Amish Country Blues"
"Mennonite Girl"
"A Girl on Theology"
"Give Me Three Pigs"
"Very Amish Christmas"
Milkin' It, 1996
"I Want to Dress in Black & White (and Work Real Hard All Day)"
"Graeber Be Good"
"I Want to Hoe Your Land"
"For Your Mule"
"No More Mennonite Guy"
"Proud Gretta (Rollin' in My Buggy)"
"Big Ol' Horse & Buggy"
"The Parson's Back"
"He's from Goshen"
"Heathen"
"Mush"
"Christmas Time in Amish Land"
Back in '98, 1998
"Farmageddon"
A Hard Day's Work, 1999
"Hay Ride"
"Welcome to My Home in Pennsylvania"
"Sweet Home Indiana"
"Parson"
"Graeber Be Good" (with Jonny Lang)
"Y2K Crash"
"Wear Black"
"All Right Cow"
"Amish Man"
"Donkey Walk"
"What If Tom Was One of Us"
"Parson Klaus Is Coming to Town"
References
Parody musicians
American musical trios
Musical groups from Indiana
Amish in popular culture
Comedy rock musical groups
Mennonitism in popular culture
Băsești may refer to the following places in Romania:
Băsești, a commune in Maramureș County
Băsești, the former name of the commune Călmățuiu de Sus in Teleorman County
Băsești, the former name of the commune Viișoara in Vaslui County
Băsești (river), a tributary of the Sălaj in Maramureș County
The 1919 Georgia Tech Golden Tornado football team represented the Georgia Tech Golden Tornado of the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1919 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season. The Tornado was coached by John Heisman in his 15th year as head coach, compiling a record of 7–3 (3–1 SIAA) and outscoring opponents 257 to 33.
Before the season
Jack McDonough started at quarterback as a true freshman when Marshall Guill was moved to end. Pup Phillips was captain.
Schedule
Season summary
Camp Logan
The season opened with a 48–0 defeat of Camp Logan.
Furman
In the second week of play, Tech swamped Furman, 74–0.
Wake Forest
Tech beat Wake Forest 14–0.
Clemson
Sources:
After being held scoreless in the first half, Tech beat Clemson 28–0. The entire backfield, as well Fincher, Lebey, and Higgins in the line, were cited as stars of the game. The play of Tech seemed stimulated in the second half by the substitution of Shorty Guill. The first touchdown was the best run of the game, for 26 yards around left end, Flowers "sidestepped, ducked, twisted and turned until he had again crossed the field almost to the opposite side and then stiff-arming the last man in his way, crossed the goal for a touchdown." Red Barron went around right end for 35 yards and the second touchdown. A 15-yard pass from Flowers to Bill Fincher netted the third touchdown. Ferst went back in for Guill and got the last touchdown on a 12-yard buck behind left guard.
The starting lineup was: Fincher (left end), Higgins (left tackle), Lebey (left guard), Phillips (center), Dowling (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Flowers (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), Gaiver (fullback).
Vanderbilt
Tech beat Dan McGugin's Vanderbilt Commodores in the mud 20–0, giving the Commodores their only loss on the season. Buck Flowers and fullback Bill Gaiver starred.
The starting lineup was: Fincher (left end), Higgins (left tackle), Lebey (left guard), Amis (center), Dowling (right guard), Huffines (right tackle), Staton (right end), Guill (quarterback), Flowers (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), Gavier (fullback).
Pittsburgh
Tech was beaten 16–6 by Pop Warner's Pittsburgh Panthers, the first team to score on Tech all year.
Davidson
Tech beat Davidson 33–0, Flowers running around his old teammates.
Washington & Lee
Quarterback Jim Mattox made the field goal to help Washington & Lee upset Tech. the first loss to a Southern team since 1914 for Tech.
The starting lineup was: Fincher (left end), Doyal (left tackle), Lebey (left guard), Phillips (center), Dowling (right guard), Higgins (right tackle), Staton (right end), Guill (quarterback), Flowers (left halfback), Ferst (right halfback), Gavier (fullback).
Georgetown
Dewey Scarboro returned a kickoff 102 yards for a touchdown in the 27–0 win over Georgetown.
Auburn
Sources:
The Auburn Tigers beat Tech 14–7, its first loss to an SIAA school in five years. The first touchdown of the game was made by Jack McDonough. Judy Harlan later fell on his own punt for a safety. In the third quarter, Warren blocked a Dewey Scarboro punt and Sloan recovered the ball and ran it 35 yards for a touchdown. Auburn's Fatty Warren "waddled" for a 40-yard touchdown off a blocked punt in the victory.
The starting lineup was Guill (left end), Fincher (left tackle), Lebey (left guard), Phillips (center), Dowling (right guard), Huffines (right tackle), Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Ferst (right halfback), Harlan (fullback).
Postseason
After a divorce in 1919, Heisman left Atlanta to prevent any social embarrassment to his former wife, who chose to remain in the city. He picked Bill Alexander as successor and went back to Penn for three seasons from 1920–1922.
Notes
Endnotes
References
Georgia Tech
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football seasons
Georgia Tech Golden Tornado football
The Catholic Church in Fiji is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the canonical authority and spiritual leadership of the Pope of Rome.
Latin hierarchy
Archdiocese of Suva, covers the whole country and has two suffragan dioceses outside the country. They are:
Diocese of Rarotonga: For Catholics in the Cook Islands and Niue Islands, which are associated countries of New Zealand
Diocese of Tarawa and Nauru: It has its base at Tarawa on Kiribati island, and covers Catholics in that island and also those in Nauru republic.
They all partake in the Episcopal Conference of the Pacific (C.E. PAC), which is part of the broader Federation of Catholic Bishops' Conferences of Oceania (FCBCO) ). As most of these countries do not have more than a single bishop, they do not warrant a national Episcopal conferences.
Archdiocese of Suva has a history dating back to 1863 when the Vatican created the Prefecture Apostolic of Fiji Island from the Vicariate Apostolic of Central Oceania. It was made Vicariate Apostolic of Fiji Island in 1887. The Vicariate became the Archdiocese of Suva in 1966.
There is formally an Apostolic Nunciature (papal diplomatic representation, embassy level) to the Fiji Islands but it is vested (as with many South Sea states) in the Apostolic Nunciature in the New Zealand capital, Wellington.
History
Missions of the Marist Fathers were begun in the Lau Islands in 1844 and then in Levuka but were initially unsuccessful. A more successful mission began in Levuka in 1861. Many churches were built by Bishop Julien Vidal around 1900. Relations with Methodist missionaries were competitive, with Cardinal Moran in Sydney debating Protestant speakers on mutual allegations of wrongdoing in Fiji. Australian Methodists protested against the appointment of a Catholic, Henry Jackson, as Governor of Fiji in 1902, provoking counter-protests in Fiji.
Sex abuse scandal
On 13 July 2020, New Zealand's 1News revealed that a year-long investigation found that the Catholic Church in Fiji had at least 1,300 allegations of sexual abuse against children. 1News Pacific Correspondent Barbara Dreaver, who was in Fiji just before the national lockdown, spoke with some of the victims of the alleged abuse. Many of these allegations also involved Catholic schools in Fiji. Some of the accused clergy were also originally from Australia and New Zealand before they were transferred to Fiji as well. Dr Murray Heasley from the Network of Survivors in Faith Based Institution also stated to 1News that Fiji was common place for the New Zealand Catholic Church to transfer accused Catholic clergy. Despite Archbishop Peter Loy Chong's claim that there had been no reported cases of clergy abusing children in Fiji, Australian priest Julian Fox, who was later convicted and jailed in 2015 for child sex crimes, was transferred to Fiji in 1999 after Australian police started an investigation against him. It was also confirmed that the church also had knowledge of sex abuse allegations against Fox nine years before he was charged.
It goes back to the late 1900s when the allegation of sexual abuse took place in New Zealand which the suspects were sent into the Pacific without police clearance at that time
Demographics
There are approximately 80,000 Catholics in Fiji, just under 10% of the total population. The 1996 census revealed just over 75 percent of Catholics to be indigenous Fijians and 5 percent Indo-Fijians, with minority communities making up the balance. The present leader of the Catholic Church in Fiji is Archbishop Peter Loy Chong.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in South Pacific Conference states
Vicariate Apostolic of Fiji
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic – Fiji – data for all sections
Catholic Hierarchy – Archdiocese of Suva
Fiji
Fiji
The elegant pitta (Pitta elegans) is a species of passerine bird in the pitta family Pittidae. It is endemic to Indonesia, where it is found in the Lesser Sunda Islands and Moluccas.
Taxonomy and subspecies distribution
The elegant pitta was described and illustrated by the Dutch zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck in 1836 from a specimen collected on the island of Timor. Temminck coined the binomial name Pitta elegans.
The elegant pitta has sometimes been treated as a subspecies of the Indian pitta (P. brachyura), noisy pitta (P. versicolor) or blue-winged pitta (P. moluccensis).
Four subspecies are recognised:
P. e. virginalis Hartert, 1896 – the small islands of Tanahjampea, Kalaotoa, and Kalao (between Sulawesi and Flores)
P. e. hutzi Meise, 1942 – island of Nusa Penida (southeast of Bali)
P. e. maria Hartert, 1896 – island of Sumba (south Lesser Sundas)
P. e. elegans Temminck, 1836 – islands between east Sulawesi and west New Guinea
Three other subspecies have been described but are now lumped in the preceding subspecies.
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to the Lesser Sunda Islands and Moluccas in Indonesia. It is reported as also being found in East Timor by some authors, but the species has only been recorded on the western half of the island, in spite of suitable habitat. Its natural habitats are tropical dry forests and tropical moist lowland forests.
The nominate race is found in Timor, Semau, and Kisar. P. e. maria is found on Sumba, and P. e. concinna is found on Flores, Lombok and nearby islands. P. e. virginalis is found on Tanahjampea, Kalao and Kalaotoa, to the south of Sulawesi
Description
The elegant pitta is long and weighs . It has a black head, throat, chin and neck with a buff stripe. The upperparts are dark green, as are most of the wings, which also have a bright turquoise patch on the lesser . The rump is turquoise-blue and the tail is black with a green tip. The underparts are mostly warm buff, with the centre black with a red patch below. The sexes are similar.
References
Pitta (genus)
Birds of Indonesia
Birds described in 1836
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Euclid's Nightmare is an album of improvised music by Bobby Previte and John Zorn. The album was released on the Depth of Field label in 1997. The album comprises 27 untitled tracks of which several are intentionally identical - tracks (7) and (18); tracks (3) and (20); and tracks (5), (14), and (27).
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 3 stars stating "Here, Previte hears Zorn insistently and responds with short, crisp rim shots, rolling tom-toms, and scattershot cymbal runs that tend to stretch out the time, turn it loose from its constraints inside the work, and move forward into whatever frame Zorn chooses next. For his part, Zorn hears the thrumming of the cymbals and decides to speed up the piece in order to match Previte's double time. They both arrive in the pocket at the same time and kick the energy into an overdriven state of chaotic -- yet jubilant -- free improv, where there are no ties to gravity at all until Previte introduces a tom-tom and Zorn responds with a gorgeous angular legato. This is only one of dozens of surprises on Euclid's Nightmare. Zorn fans will be familiar with the level of histrionics employed here, while followers of Previte's more refined work may be put off by the constant atonality of the work.".
Track listing
All compositions by Previte/Zorn.
- 1:07
- 1:05
- 1:09
- 1:06
- 2:02
- 1:06
- 1:03
- 2:00
- 1:01
- 1:41
- 1:05
- 0:59
- 1:07
- 2:02
- 2:06
- 2:04
- 1:01
- 1:03
- 3:43
- 1:13
- 2:06
- 2:38
- 1:13
- 1:07
- 1:02
- 1:19
- 4:01
Personnel
Bobby Previte – drums
John Zorn – alto
References
Bobby Previte albums
John Zorn albums
1997 albums
Panaeolus papilionaceus, also known as Agaricus calosus, Panaeolus campanulatus, Panaeolus retirugis, and Panaeolus sphinctrinus, and commonly known as Petticoat mottlegill, is a very common and widely distributed little brown mushroom that feeds on dung.
This mushroom is the type species for the genus Panaeolus.
Description
Cap: 1–5 cm across, obtusely conic, grayish brown, not hygrophanous, becoming campanulate in age, margin adorned with white toothlike partial veil fragments when young or towards the edge, flesh thin.
Gills: adnate to adnexed close to crowded, one or two tiers of intermediate gills, pale gray, acquiring a mottled, blackish appearance in age, with whitish edges.
Spores: 12–18 x 7–10 µm, elliptical, smooth, with an apical pore, spore print black.
Stipe: 6–12 cm by 2–4 mm, gray-brown to reddish brown, darker where handled, paler toward the apex, brittle, fibrous, and pruinose.
Odor: Mild.
Taste: Unappetizing.
Microscopic features: Basidia 4-sterigmate; abruptly clavate. Cheilocystidia abundant; subcylindric, often subcapitate or capitate.
Habitat and formation
Occurring singly, gregariously, or caespitosely on cow/horse dung, moose droppings, and in pastures. Widely distributed in North America throughout the year, but only in warmer climates in winter. It can be found in countries including Canada (Alberta, British Columbia), the United States (Alabama, Alaska, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Missouri, Montana, New Mexico, New York, Oklahoma, Texas, Washington), the Caribbean (Bahamas, Cuba, San Vincent Island), Chile, Colombia, Uruguay, France, The Netherlands, Greece, Mexico, Norway, Slovenia, South Africa, Uganda, China, Iran, Lithuania, Kuwait, and the Philippines.
Edibility
Panaeolus papilionaceus is inedible, and is neither choice in flavor nor substantial in mass. While similar looking species, such as Panaeolus cinctulus, do contain psilocybin, Panaeolus papilionaceus does not.
Gallery
See also
List of Panaeolus species
References
External links
Mushroom Expert - Panaeolus papilionaceus
Mykoweb - Panaeolus papilionaceus
Observations on Mushroom Observer
papilionaceus
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Inedible fungi
James Davis (26 July 1826 – 22 April 1897) was an American politician from Iowa.
Davis was born in Sullivan County, Indiana, on 26 July 1826. Aged 20, he settled in Highland Center, a community in Wapello County, and was elected to the Iowa Senate as a Whig from District 4 in 1846. He stepped down from the state senate at the end of his term in 1848. Davis married Rhoda Stephens on 23 September 1858. The couple had three children. He died on 22 April 1897.
References
Iowa state senators
1897 deaths
People from Sullivan County, Indiana
People from Wapello County, Iowa
19th-century American politicians
1826 births
Iowa Whigs
The ReVe Festival: Day 1 (occasionally referred as Day 1) is the third special extended play and the by South Korean girl group Red Velvet. Released on June 19, 2019, through SM Entertainment, the extended play served as the first installation of the group's The ReVe Festival trilogy, which was later followed by Day 2 and Finale. An electro-pop and dance-pop record, the EP contains six tracks that sees the group exploring new genres. Its production was handled by various songwriters and production teams, including Caesar & Loui, Ollipop, Moonshine, Trinity Music, Ylva Dimberg, Cazzi Opeia, Ryan S. Jhun, amongst others.
Upon its release, Day 1 received mixed to positive reviews from critics, who were polarized over its experimental and genre-hopping nature. It was commercially successful domestically, becoming their ninth chart-topper on the Gaon Album Chart. Its lead single, "Zimzalabim", additionally peaked at number 11 and 10 on the Gaon Digital Chart and World Digital Songs charts, respectively. To promote the release, Red Velvet embarked on their third concert tour, titled La Rouge, and included songs from the EP on its setlist.
Background and release
Following the release of their second Japanese extended play Sappy on May 29, 2019, SM Entertainment shared the first preview of The ReVe Festival through social media platforms on June 4, 2019, along with the release announcement for the trilogy within 2019. The name ReVe was stemmed from the abbreviation of Red Velvet, also meaning "dream" or "fantasy" in French. It was also named after the fictional robotic character that served as a mascot during the group's second concert tour, titled Redmare. In addition, the label also revealed that The character also appeared in promotional material for the trilogy as well.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://smglobalshop.com/products/pre-order-red-velvet-mini-album-the-reve-festival-day-1-day-1-ver|title=Pre-Order – Red Velvet Mini Album The ReVe Festival' Day 1' (Day 1 V – SM Global Shop)|website=smglobalshop.com|accessdate=June 10, 2019}}</ref> The lead single, "Zimzalabim", has additionally been described as an "addictive electro pop with rhythmic drums and cool melodies".
Promotion
The EP was announced through social media on June 4, 2019, with a teaser image of a gold coin featuring the band members' names, the title and date on it. On June 10, the band confirmed the lead single would be "Zimzalabim" through their social media.
A special music video for "Milkshake" was uploaded on August 1, 2019, to coincide with the group's fifth anniversary. The video was first shown at the group's anniversary fan-meeting event, 'inteRView vol.5'.
Reception
Commercially, the CD version of the EP debuted atop the Gaon Weekly Album Chart, and sold 156,993 copies by the end of 2019 in South Korea, placing thirty-seventh for the year. While the kihno version of the EP placing forty-ninth in the monthly chart with 3,611 copies. It was the group's eleventh top-ten entry on the Billboard World Albums chart, their third appearance on the component UK Digital Albums chart, and their fourth top-twenty entry on the Oricon Albums Chart.The ReVe Festival: Day 1 received an Album Bonsang nomination at the 34th Golden Disc Awards. The track "Sunny Side Up" was additionally ranked number 10 in MTV's list of 20 "Best K-pop B-sides of 2019".
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
See also
The ReVe Festival: Day 2 The ReVe Festival: Finale The ReVe Festival 2022 - Feel My Rhythm''
References
2019 EPs
Red Velvet (group) EPs
IRiver EPs
Cimetropium bromide is a belladonna derivative. Evidence does not support its use in infantile colic.
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Tropanes
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Epoxides
Bromides
Thomas Litterick (25 May 1929 – 6 January 1981) was a British Labour Party politician, on the left wing of the party.
Educated at the Dundee School of Economics and the University of St Andrews, Litterick was elected Member of Parliament for the previously Conservative seat of Birmingham Selly Oak in October 1974 general election, having unsuccessfully contested it in the election eight months earlier. However, he lost to the Conservative Anthony Beaumont-Dark at the 1979 general election.
On the first day of the October Labour Party conference of that year, Litterick gave a speech criticising James Callaghan (who remained Labour leader despite having lost the Prime Ministry). Waving a clutch of policy papers which he claimed Callaghan had vetoed, he quoted from a popular television series featuring Jimmy Savile: ""Jim will fix it", they said. Ay, he fixed it. He fixed all of us. He fixed me in particular." Delegates roared with approval and Tony Benn described it as a "courageous speech".
Litterick died in 1981 aged 51.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
Callaghan, A Life by Kenneth O'Morgan
External links
Catalogue of Litterick's papers, held at the Modern Records Centre, University of Warwick
1929 births
1981 deaths
Alumni of the University of Dundee
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974–1979
Swimming is among the sports which is being contested at the 2019 South Asian Games. Swimming is being hosted in the International Sports Complex, Satdobato between December 5 and 9, 2019.
Medal table
Medalists
Men's events
Women's events
References
External links
Official website
Events at the 2019 South Asian Games
South Asian Games
Swimming in Nepal
Dit de l'empereur Constant (Le dit de l'empereour Coustant) is an Old French work about the birth and youth of Constantine the Great.
It survives in a verse and in a prose version. The verse version has 630 octosyllabic rhyming lines. It survives in a single manuscript, Det Kongelige Bibliotek, GKS 2061 4°, foll. 149vb-154ra (ed. Wesselofsky, 1877).
The prose version is from BNF français, 24430.
A critical edition of both versions was published by Coveney (1955).
Dated to the second half of the 13th century, the work redeploys the motif of the "swan-children" known from earlier romances, as well as a number of episodes known from the Roman de Silence. It is the earliest known representative of the medieval cycle of legends attached to Constantine the Great.
The narrative follows the following lines: Prophesy to the emperor announcing the wedding of his newly-born daughter with the newly-born son of a commoner, opposition of the emperor against this dishonorable union, attempted infanticide, abandonment and fostering of the child, rediscovery of the young Constantine, renewed attempt at having Constantine killed by sending him as a messenger bearing a "treacherous letter" (advising the recipient to kill the bearer, as in Bellerophon and Amleth), chance meeting with the emperor's daughter in the imperial gardens, substitution of the traitorous letter with one advising the marriage of the bearer to the princess, and finally the marriage of the hero and his inheritance of the realm.
Translations
E. M. Wilmot-Buxton, Stories from Old French Romance, New York, Stokes, (no date) pp. 22-29.
Eugene Mason, The Story of King Constant, Cambridge (Ontario), 2001.
Notes
Bibliography
Raynaud de Lage, Guy, et Christine Ruby, « Empereur Constant », Dictionnaire des lettres françaises: le Moyen Âge, éd. Geneviève Hasenohr et Michel Zink, Paris, Fayard, 1992, p. 405.
Wesselofsky, A. N., « Constantinische Sagen », Russische Revue, 6, 1875, p. 178-207.
Wesselofsky, A. N., « Le dit de l'empereur Coustant », Romania, 6, 1877, p. 161-198.
Taylor, Steven M., « Constantine the Great: folk hero of the fourth crusade », Neophilologus, 64, 1980, p. 32-37.
L. Moland, C. d'Héricault (eds.), Nouvelles françoises en prose du XIIIe siècle publiées d'après les manuscrits, Paris, Jannet (Bibliothèque elzévirienne), 1856, pp. 3-32.
James Coveney, Édition critique des versions en vers et en prose de "La légende de l'empereur Constant" avec une étude linguistique et littéraire, Paris, Les Belles Lettres (Publications de la Faculté des lettres de l'Université de Strasbourg, 126), 1955.
Old French texts
13th-century books
Stockholm–Åre 2026 was an unsuccessful bid for the 2026 Winter Olympics by the cities of Stockholm and Åre and the Swedish Olympic Committee.
History
Stockholm withdrew from the 2022 bid, but the Swedish NOC president claimed in December 2014 that Sweden could apply again, given that the IOC wants to reduce the cost of the Games for organisers, which was the problem with the 2022 bid. The Swedish Olympic Committee agreed to conduct a feasibility study on a potential bid for the 2026 Olympics. During the Semi Finals Allocation Drawn for the 2017 Eurovision Song Contest on 31 January, it was announced by Eva-Louise Erlandsson Slorach, President of the City Council in Stockholm, that the host city of the 1912 Summer Olympics would not seek to host the 2026 Winter Games. Despite this, the Swedish Olympic Committee has continued working on the application. While there has been no official commitment from the political parties the SOC keeps hoping to convince the city of Stockholm and other involved municipalities. Thus the revival of the bid to host the Winter Games. Events will be held in Stockholm, Åre, Falun and Sigulda, Latvia. The proposal to include Sigulda is based around the International Olympic Committee's Agenda 2020 initiative to use existing facilities rather than build new ones, and is supported by the Latvian government. On 11 January 2019 submitting its bid book Stockholm rebrands to jointly bid with Åre to become Stockholm–Åre 2026. On 16 March 2019 a survey found that 55 percent of Swedes backed the Olympic bid – a huge positive shift. On 9 April the Swedish government supported the candidature and made over 200 necessary guarantees and warranties to the IOC.
Previous bids
Stockholm hosted the 1912 Summer Olympics but has never hosted the Winter Games. Åre has never hosted the Olympics.
Branding
The Candidate City logo was unveiled on 27 November 2018 during its presentation at the ANOC General Assembly in Tokyo, Japan. The logo of its candidature is derived from the Swedish folk design style and colors called the “Kurbits” style. The logo was designed by Anna Ahnborg and Happy F&B.
The bid book was published and the website was relaunched on 29 January 2019 in keeping with the bid slogan "Made in Sweden" ().
Venues
Stockholm Cluster
Friends Arena – opening ceremony
Stockholm Olympic Stadium – snowboarding (and possible freestyle big air and aerials)
Tele2 Arena – figure skating, short track (temporary rinks)
Ericsson Globe – main ice hockey venue (renovated)
Scaniarinken – second ice hockey venue (renovated)
Hammarby – alpine skiing (parallel, team)
Gubbängen – curling (in construction)
Barkarby – olympic village and speed skating (new)
– biathlon, cross-country skiing (new)
Multiple locations – closing ceremony (local celebrations in Åre/Falun/Sigulda, main event at Kungsträdgården, the main park of Stockholm)
Åre Cluster
Central Åre – alpine skiing, snowboarding/freestyle skiing (cross)
Duved – snowboarding/freestyle skiing (giant slalom/halfpipe/moguls/slopestyle)
Falun Cluster
Lugnet – ski jumping, Nordic combined
Sigulda (Latvia) Cluster
Sigulda – bobsleigh, luge and skeleton
Official Partners
Dohrns
Ericsson
MCI Sweden
Neh
Permobil
References
2026 Winter Olympics bids
Sport in Stockholm
Sport in Åre
Olympic Games bids by Sweden
The Press-Enterprise is a paid daily newspaper published by Digital First Media that serves the Inland Empire in Southern California. Headquartered in downtown Riverside, California, it is the primary newspaper for Riverside County, with heavy penetration into neighboring San Bernardino County. The geographic circulation area of the newspaper spans from the border of Orange County, California to the west, east to the Coachella Valley, north to the San Bernardino Mountains, and south to the San Diego County line. The Press-Enterprise is a member of the Southern California News Group.
The newspaper traces its roots to The Press, which began publishing in 1878, and The Daily Enterprise, which started publishing in 1885. The two papers were merged into one company in 1931, but the company did not begin publishing a daily morning paper named The Press-Enterprise until 1983. A. H. Belo acquired the company in 1998. In October 2013, A.H. Belo announced that it had reached an agreement to sell The Press-Enterprise's assets to Freedom Communications, parent company of the Orange County Register, for $27 million; after some delays, the transaction closed in late November. Freedom declared bankruptcy in 2016, the Register and the Press-Enterprise were sold in a bankruptcy auction to Digital First Media in March 2016.
The Press-Enterprise'''s local competitors are the San Bernardino Sun and the Inland Valley Daily Bulletin, along with sharing some of its western circulation areas with the Orange County Register and The Californian (of Temecula) in the southwest area.
History
The Riverside Press was first published on June 29, 1878 by James Roe, a druggist and teacher. In 1880 Roe sold the newspaper to Luther M. Holt, who, for several years, published the paper under the name the Riverside Press and Horticulturist. In 1886 Holt began issuing the paper daily.The Riverside Daily Enterprise was first published in 1885 by David F. Sarber, and became a county paper in 1896 when it absorbed the Perris Valley Record and the Moreno Valley Indicator. The paper was published somewhat sporadically through 1911 by various owners, and under various names, including; Riverside Weekly Enterprise, Riverside Semi-weekly Enterprise, Weekly Enterprise, and the Morning Mission. In 1912, The Enterprise was sold to the owners of the San Bernardino Sun.
In 1931 The Press purchased The Enterprise from the San Bernardino Sun. The newly combined company issued The Enterprise in the morning, and The Press in the evenings. In 1954 the Riverside Press changed its company name to the Press-Enterprise Company, and in 1955 the two papers began printing a joint Sunday edition called the Sunday Press-Enterprise. Due to market conditions, the two papers were combined into one morning paper, The Press-Enterprise, in 1983.
The Dallas-based A.H. Belo Corporation purchased The Press-Enterprise Company from the Hays family through multiple acquisitions in 1997 and 1998.
Enterprise Media was formed in 2010 and released a B2B website, enterprisemedia.co.
In 2013, The Press-Enterprise was sold to Freedom Communications for $27 million.
On March 21, 2016, The Press-Enterprise and its sister newspaper the Orange County Register were sold to Digital First Media, after Freedom Communications declared bankruptcy and was placed in an auction which included Tribune Publishing. With Digital First Media as its new owner, it now expands to 11 daily newspapers, six in Los Angeles County, three in San Bernardino County, one in Orange County, and one in Riverside County.
Pulitzer Prize
The Press-Enterprise won the 1968 Pulitzer Prize for meritorious public service for its exposé of corruption in the courts in connection with the handling of the property and estates of the Agua Caliente Indian tribe of Palm Springs, California. The series was written by George Ringwald.
Supreme Court cases
The Press-Enterprise Company won two separate United States Supreme Court cases that established the public's right to witness specific aspects of criminal court proceedings.
The first case, won in 1984, was Press-Enterprise Co. v. Superior Court of California, Riverside County. In a case involving the rape and murder of a teenage girl, the Press-Enterprise requested that the voir dire, the process of questioning the jury, be open to the public and press. The request was denied, as well as the request for the subsequent transcripts, and upheld by the California Court of Appeal. The California Supreme Court denied the Press-Enterprise's request for a hearing. The United States Supreme Court decided in favor of the Press-Enterprise, establishing that the public has the right to attend jury selection during criminal trials.
The second case, won in 1986, was also called Press-Enterprise Co. v. Superior Court of California. The case involved Robert Diaz who was accused of 12 patient murders while acting as a nurse at the Community Hospital of the Valleys in Perris, California. The defendant requested that the public be excluded from the proceedings. The Magistrate granted the unopposed request because of the national attention that the case had garnered. At the end of the hearing the Press-Enterprise'' requested that the transcripts be released, but the request was denied and the records were sealed. The United States Supreme Court decided that the public has the right to attend pretrial hearings in criminal cases, including preliminary hearings.
See also
Tim Hays
James Ward
References
External links
The Press-Enterprise
Daily newspapers published in Greater Los Angeles
Mass media in the Inland Empire
Mass media in Riverside, California
Mass media in Riverside County, California
Mass media in San Bernardino, California
Companies based in Riverside, California
Publications established in 1878
1878 establishments in California
Digital First Media
Freedom Communications
Pulitzer Prize-winning newspapers
Pulitzer Prize for Public Service winners
Henry Lawrence Garrett III (born June 24, 1939) served as the 68th Secretary of the Navy from May 15, 1989, to June 26, 1992, in the administration of George H. W. Bush. Before leading the Department of the Navy, he served as General Counsel of the Department of Defense.
Career
Garrett served in the U.S. Navy from October 1961 to November 1981, initially as a machinist's mate aboard during the Cuban Missile Crisis, before getting commissioned as a naval flight officer in 1964. He served with VP-50 in the Vietnam War from 1965 to 1967 and was awarded the Air Medal two times during his military career. Garrett was the 68th United States Secretary of the Navy.
Garrett ultimately resigned due to the Tailhook scandal.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Military personnel from Washington, D.C.
United States Secretaries of the Navy
University of San Diego alumni
United States Under Secretaries of the Navy
Recipients of the Air Medal
George H. W. Bush administration personnel
Andar is a Community development block and a town in Siwan district of Bihar in India. It is one out of 13 blocks of Siwan Subdivision. The headquarters of the block is located in Andar town.
The total area of the Block is and the total population is 110,027. Andar block is divided into many villages and they are grouped into Gram Panchayats. South Road from Andar goes to Raghunathpur, through Gherai more & from Gherai more east direction road goes to Hasanpur.
From Andar Bazar also and from Gherai more west direction road leads to Ashaw Bazar.
From Andar Bazar west direction Andar block and police station (Thana) is situated.
Andar is having very beautiful market where people get all needful materials for our daily life.
Gram Panchayats
List of Panchayats in Andar Block:
Andar (Nagar Panchayat)
Arkpur
Asaon
Balia
Bhawrajpur
Jaijor
Jamalpur
Kherhai
Manpur Pateji
Patar
Sahsaraon
See also
Siwan Subdivision
Administration in Bihar
External links
www.censusindia.co.in
References
Community development blocks in Siwan district
Athysanus may refer to:
Athysanus (insect), a bug genus in the subfamily Deltocephalinae
Athysanus (plant), a plant genus in the family Brassicaceae
Pleistodontes athysanus, a fig wasp species native to Australia
On 27 June 2015, a dust fire occurred at Formosa Fun Coast, a water park in Bali, New Taipei City, Taiwan. Staff of an outdoor "colour powder party" sprayed clouds of corn starch towards the participants, which ignited. The fire lasted 40 seconds and burned 508 people, killing 15 and leaving 199 in critical condition.
Initially, only patches of airborne corn starch caught fire and extinguished almost instantly, but the staff sprayed carbon-dioxide fire extinguishers towards the participants, which, compounded by the running of the participants, dispersed the airborne corn starch into multiple dust clouds, responsible for most of the burning. The dust fire was widely misreported to have been an explosion.
Background
The "Colour Play Asia" party was inspired by the colored powder used in the Hindu religious festival "Holi", also called "festival of colours", which is celebrated in India, Nepal, and other countries with large Hindu populations. In August 2013, the first Taiwanese colour party took place in Sizihwan, Kaohsiung City. It was organized by the same event company that organized "Colour Play Asia".
That same year, a National Tsing Hua University expert warned that the coloured powder used during the Colour Play Asia parties might cause a dust explosion if the material was combustible.
Event
On 27 June 2015, the "Color Play Asia" party was held at the Formosa Fun Coast water park. Party-goers were singing and dancing on the stage, which holds up to 1,000. Other party-goers danced in a drained pool nearby.
The concert organizers deployed colored corn starch powder in the festivities. The method of powder application at the concert created "an extremely dense dust cloud over the stage and its immediate vicinity", people near the stage were standing "almost ankle-deep" in colored corn starch powder, and the powder was repeatedly suspended into the air using air blowers as well as compressed gas canisters.
At about 20:30, a large deflagration occurred when a cloud of colored powder caught fire after being fired from the stage onto a crowd of 1,000 people during a concert. Some of the crowd breathed in the powder, causing respiratory problems. As recorded in an amateur video by an audience member, a massive fireball suddenly engulfed the stage. The powder caught fire along the ground, resulting in burns mainly to victims' limbs and torsos. According to the authorities, the fire was quickly extinguished. The rescue included help from army vehicles and soldiers, along with medical services. Many people were taken to hospitals via taxis due to the lack of ambulances in the area.
Injuries and fatalities
The injured were treated in over 50 hospitals across Taiwan. As of 29 November 2015, 15 of the 497 injured had died, 44 victims remained hospitalized, and 11 were being treated at intensive care wards, while fifty-seven others were discharged from hospitals after treatment. Most of the injured were tertiary students in their twenties and late teens who had just started their summer vacation. An earlier estimate of 519 injured was due to double-counting of patients that were transferred between hospitals.
Many victims were lightly clad because of hot weather () and the water park venue, and suffered burns over large portions of their bodies. Some victims suffered burns to 80–90% of their skin.
Four foreigners injured in the event were flown home via International SOS flights for follow-up medical treatment on 29 June: two to Hong Kong (Queen Mary Hospital and Prince of Wales Hospital), one to Shanghai (Ruijin Hospital) and one to Singapore (Singapore General Hospital).
Two suicides were linked to the event: a father of a surviving burn victim committed suicide, while another suicidal man donated his skin to the victims.
Response
New Taipei City's mayor Eric Chu ordered an immediate shutdown of the water park pending an investigation. The man responsible for the event was detained by police for investigation. On 28 June, Taiwan Premier Mao Chi-kuo banned the use of colored powders at private events until the investigation is concluded and the powder can be considered safe.
The event's organizer and hardware engineer were questioned and then given bail on the condition that they not leave the country. Lu Chung-chi apologized for the explosion on 28 June. On 28 June a spokesman for (mainland) China's Taiwan Affairs Office, Ma Xiaoguang, expressed sympathy for the victims and hoped they all received timely and appropriate treatment.
On 30 June Taiwan's Organ Registry and Sharing Center called for urgent donations of cadaver skin, since there were just 115 rolls left in the country's cadaver skin stocks. According to Chairman Lee Po-chang (), cadaver skin is more effective in blocking burn wounds from contamination sources and promoting skin regeneration than hog skin or synthetic skin.
According to officials, the Ministry of Health and Welfare collaborated with the New Taipei City Public Health Department and made an announcement that all medical expenses of the burn patients from 27 June to 30 September will be covered by the National Health Insurance Administration and the National Health Insurance Program.
On 2 July, a spokesman for China's Taiwan Affairs Office said it was ready to provide medical assistance to help treat the hundreds of people injured in the explosion. On 3 July, Taiwanese Minister of Health and Welfare Chiang Been-huang said he was grateful for China's offer to provide medical assistance, including donations of cadaver skin to Taiwan, but it should be first confirmed that the skin was not from executed prisoners.
Cadaver skin from the United States and Netherlands was sent to Taiwan.
Investigation
Investigators raised the question of whether the powder was ignited by a cigarette or spark; the supplier of the flammable, starch-based powder said "if it's in dense quantities and if it's hot, it can catch fire". Organizers had purchased three tons of the powder, and wrote on their Facebook page that it consisted of cornstarch and food coloring. The powder was sprayed from the stage onto concert-goers "at high velocity". The vice president of Tai Won Food Industrial Co, which makes the powder, says that there are warnings on the packages not to use them in closed spaces or under high temperatures. The New Taipei City news department head stated: "It's still not clear what happened, but there were a number of people smoking and the weather was warm."
The Fire Department's preliminary conclusion was that the fire was caused by the sprayed powder, and that stage lights may have been the source of ignition.
WuFeng University fire science department instructor and Taichung Harbor Fire Department deputy captain Lu Shou-chien commented in a letter to the Chinese-language United Daily News that the event organizers had set up necessary conditions for a disaster, and had not used water sprays which would have reduced the risk of ignition. Smoking was permitted at the event, and approximately 40 cigarette butts were found afterwards.
In October 2015, the committee set up by the New Taipei City government to oversee monetary donations related to the explosion announced plans to distribute the collected funds. Survivors were to receive between NT$65,000 and NT$6.5 million, depending on the severity of injuries sustained in the dust explosion. The families of the twelve people who had died were compensated NT$8.25 million.
On 16 October 2015, Shilin District prosecutors charged the event organizer, Lu Chung-chi, with negligence during the disaster; owners of the park were not indicted. Lu was found guilty of the charges in April 2016. In 2018, Lu was sentenced to five years in prison. In June 2016, the Supreme Court authorized the seizure of NT$507 million in assets from the park's senior administration. The National Health Insurance Administration also sought compensation worth NT$436 million from event organizers in court, claiming that the medical cost incurred by the NHIA totaled NT$765 million.
Aftermath
After the accident, the government has adopted several emergency-related measures, such as the easing of the requirements for National Health Insurance coverage for burn victims, and importing large amount of artificial and cadaver skin.
References
External links
2015 fires
2015 in Taiwan
Amusement park accidents
Dust explosions
Fires in Taiwan
History of New Taipei
June 2015 events in Asia
The Mask of the Sorcerer is a fantasy novel by American writer Darrell Schweitzer.
Publication history
It was first published in paperback in the United Kingdom by New English Library in October 1995. The first U.S. edition was published in hardcover by the Science Fiction Book Club in October 1999, with trade paperback and ebook editions following from Wildside Press in December 2003 and February 2014, respectively. The novel is an expansion of the author's 1991 novelette "To Become a Sorcerer," which was nominated for the 1992 World Fantasy Award for Best Novella, and was itself a preliminary nominee for the 1996 August Derleth Fantasy Award for Best Novel.
Summary
Young Sekenre lives in the marshes of the Riverland (implied to be, or at least inspired by, prehistoric Egypt) together with his sister and parents. His father Vashtem supports the family as the local magician—or so it appears. Actually, Vashtem is a sorcerer attempting both to deny his identity and hide from his enemies, and his children are pawns in his plot to cheat his dark fate when it ultimately catches up to him. There is a difference between magicians and sorcerers; the former merely channel magic, while the latter embody it, at a great price.
Things come to a head when Vashtem inexplicably murders his wife and daughter, leaving his son Sekenre to seek vengeance and understanding with the aid of a Sybil who has her own agenda. A quest through the Underworld brings son and father to their reckoning, with justice meted out to Vashtem only at the cost of Sekenre taking on his curse. In killing a sorcerer, one takes on his power and immortality, absorbing his soul and knowledge, along with those of all those previously killed by that sorcerer and his predecessors. And one takes on their enemies, as well.
Physically frozen at the age of a child, Sekenre may well live forever, if he can master his terrifying new powers, retain his sense of self and morality against the haunting spirits of his evil predecessors, and avoid being slain by foes inherited and newly gained.
Relation to other works
Schweitzer subsequently explored other events in the life of Sekenre in a cycle of short stories collected in Sekenre: The Book of the Sorcerer (2004), which serve as a sequel to the novel.
Reception
Don D'Ammassa rates the novel as "quite good fantasy adventure," "truly inventive and fantastical," in contrast to "[t]he latest pseudo-Medieval fantasy series." He notes that "[t]he fantasy world isn't just a copy of one of the standard ones and there is actually depth to the characters."
The novel was also reviewed by Chris Gilmore in Interzone no. 105, March 1996, and Dan'l Danehy-Oakes in The New York Review of Science Fiction, February 2005.
Notes
1995 American novels
1995 fantasy novels
Novels by Darrell Schweitzer
American fantasy novels
New English Library books
Dhamilikuwa is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3831 people living in 791 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
A half-mask is a mask that covers half the face. It may mean:
a mask covering from below the eyes to below the chin
a dust mask
a filtering facepiece respirator
an elastomeric respirator
a mask covering the eyes and perhaps the forehead and/or nose, but not the mouth.
a half-face diving mask
Sojas Rud () may refer to:
Sojas Rud District
Sojas Rud Rural District
is a cancelled video game that was in development for the Nintendo 3DS handheld video game console. Announced in 2011, it featured over three years of development before being officially cancelled on March 13, 2015. The game was being developed by Keiji Inafune and his companies Comcept and Intercept, and was to be published by Marvelous.
Story
The game was to be a retelling of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms story. While the premise had been covered by other Japanese video game series, like Dynasty Warriors, the twist with Kaio was that it would be told through anthropomorphic animal pirate characters, analogous to how Dragon Ball retold the story of Journey to the West in a cartoonish style. The game was to star main character Sangokushi, a penguin, and was to feature over 300 animal characters. Inafune referred to the setting as "the adventurous great ocean where heroes fight for their ambition, justice, and their lives" and described the game's thematically as being about "human appeal... beyond the 'right and wrong' or the 'good and bad'? What is waiting in the end?"
Development
Game development was led by Keiji Inafune, who was an artist and then later producer at Capcom before leaving in 2010. After leaving he then formed his own companies Comcept and Intercept. Kaio was one of the first titles the companies would work on. He chose the Nintendo 3DS platform over mobile phones due to his confidence in the relevance of handheld video game consoles. He opted to create a game that would be conducive to playing for hours on end, something he felt wasn't right for mobile phones. The game was once envisioned as the first part of a trilogy of titles and a multi-media franchise. The game had not technically ever outright been announced for English language release, though journalists noted it to be likely due to trailers featuring English subtitles.
The game was first announced in 2011, around the time of launch of the Nintendo 3DS handheld video game console, and was planned to be the company's first game. The game was originally slated for release in 2012, but was later delayed into 2014. By March 13, 2015, publisher Marvelous announced it had been cancelled. They cited "a shifting marketplace" as the reason, leaving the company with less incentive to push forward on development. They also revealed that, over the course of its four-year development, over 461 million yen had been lost, approximately the equivalent of 3.8 million dollars.
References
External links
Video games developed in Japan
Action role-playing video games
Cancelled Nintendo 3DS games
Action-adventure games
Fictional penguins
Video games about animals
Video games about pirates
The Package is a 2013 American action film directed by Jesse V. Johnson and starring Steve Austin and Dolph Lundgren. The film was shot in Abbotsford, Langley, and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, in twenty days from February 14 to March 5, 2012.
Plot
The film starts with Tommy Wicker (Steve Austin), arriving at a bowling alley and beating up a rival for not paying back Big Doug. Afterwards he visits Big Doug who tells him he wants a package delivered to "The German" (Dolph Lundgren), a dangerous crime lord. En route he is pursued by a rival gang who kills his partner and wants what he is carrying, forcing him to fight them off and run.
Eventually Tommy is captured by the rival gang and delivered to Anthony. He kills Anthony and most of the gang, manages to escape, is captured by the German and brought to see if he has compatible DNA with the German. He then breaks free and has a final showdown with the German, killing him. He then wishes Big Doug that the incident be filed away and they wish each other a hearty godspeed. Tommy then calls his wife Darla about the cash and tells her "I love you."
Cast
Steve Austin as Tommy Wicker
Dolph Lundgren as "The German"
Eric Keenleyside as Big Doug
Mike Dopud as Julio
John Novak as Nicholas
Kristen Kerr as Darla Wicker
Darren Shahlavi as Devon
Paul Wu as Dosan
Lochlyn Munro as Eddie
Mark Gibbon as Jake
Peter Bryant as Ralph
Monique Ganderton as Monique
Michael Daingerfield as Anthony
William B. Davis as Dr. Willhelm
Jerry Trimble as Carl
Patrick Sabongui as Luis
Reception
Box office
The Package debuted at number 81 at the box-office and made $1,469.
Critical response
The Los Angeles Times gave a favorable review of The Package, calling it an "uncomplicated guy's guy movie time, the screen version of the starchy passing pleasures of bar food." In contrast, DVD Verdict panned the film, calling it mediocre and saying that Austin's fight scenes were "unimaginatively produced and not much fun".
References
External links
2013 films
2013 action films
American action films
American films about revenge
Films shot in Vancouver
Films with screenplays by Derek Kolstad
2010s English-language films
Films directed by Jesse V. Johnson
2010s American films
The Firefly was a streamlined passenger train operated by the St. Louis – San Francisco Railway (the "Frisco"). At various times, it served St Louis, Missouri, Tulsa and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Kansas City, Missouri, and Fort Scott, Kansas. It made its maiden run on March 29, 1940, and ended May 22, 1960. It was Frisco's first streamliner, and the first streamliner to be built in the southwest.
History
The Firefly's first regular run was March 29, 1940 over the Kansas City—Tulsa—Oklahoma City route. It was intended to compete with the Santa Fe, which had expanded its diesel streamliner service The Chicagoan/Kansas Cityan/Tulsan to serve Tulsa and Oklahoma City. Despite utilizing elderly steam locomotives, the Firefly ran competitive times, running five hours and five minutes to Tulsa and seven hours and fifteen minutes to Oklahoma City. The Frisco provided convenient daylight service, while the Santa Fe, operating through-service to and from Chicago (a city the Frisco did not serve), arrived at and left from Oklahoma City in the wee hours of the morning. The Firefly proved popular enough to overwhelm its three-car consists, and mismatched conventional cars were often used to enlarge capacity during World War II.
In the 1950s the train's itinerary was shortened to Kansas City-Tulsa. The train's last run, between Fort Scott and Tulsa, took place on May 22, 1960; between Fort Scott and Kansas City it ran combined with the Sunnyland. The Firefly was the last Frisco train serving the Tulsa-Fort Scott route.
Equipment
The Frisco decided to fit its steam locomotives with a cowling, described as a torpedo-type jacket giving it the appearance of a bullet-like projectile traveling down the track. The engines were converted by Frisco itself in Springfield, with the first one, No. 1026, being completed in May 1938. The engine was not new; it had originally been built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1910 as an ordinary 4-6-2 “Pacific”. Two other engines, Nos. 1018 and 1031, both also Baldwin 4-6-2's from 1910, were later converted for the Firefly service as well. The driving wheels were enlarged from 69" to 73" by means of extremely thick driver tires, for greater speed. Frisco remanufactured the cars too, eventually collecting a fleet of eighty-nine passenger cars painted in the matching blue and gray livery.
Two consists were necessary to protect the Firefly's schedule; each was composed of refurbished heavyweight cars. A standard consist included a baggage-mail coach (16 seats), coach (60 seats), and cafe-parlor car.
In later years, the run was powered by various of the road's EMD E-8A locomotives named for racehorses, or by EMD FP-7 locomotives.
References
Named passenger trains of the United States
Passenger trains of the St. Louis–San Francisco Railway
Railway services introduced in 1939
Railway services discontinued in 1960
Mitinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Mitinskaya is located 14 km south of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Podgornaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Edith Noyes Porter (March 26, 1875 – died after 1945) was an American composer, music educator, clubwoman, and pianist, based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Early life
Edith Rowena Noyes was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the daughter of Charles Claudius Noyes and Jeanette Mabel Pease Noyes. Her mother was better known as Boston contralto singer Jeanette Noyes Rice. Edith Noyes studied piano with Edward MacDowell and composition with George Whitefield Chadwick.
Career
Edith Noyes began publishing her works while she was a teenager. She composed songs, hymns, instrumental works for piano and violin, an operetta, Last Summer, and an opera, Osseo. Last Summer was produced in 1900 as a benefit for the Quincy Hospital. She also taught piano in Boston.
In 1895, Noyes started the first MacDowell Club, a music performance and appreciation club in Boston, named as a tribute to her piano teacher. She was founder (in 1911) and president of the city's Music Lovers' Club, and was a member of the Chromatic Musical Club.
Edith Noyes Greene promoted the work of disabled "cowboy" painter Floyd Niles Walser. In 1929, she hosted a weekly radio show highlighting Boston musicians and events. In 1933, she directed a concert benefiting the Peabody Home for Crippled Children.
Personal life
Edith Noyes married educator Henry Whitcomb Porter in 1898. They had a son, John Whitcomb Porter, and divorced in 1908. She married again, to fellow pianist Roy Goddard Greene, in 1909. On the Greenes' wedding trip to Europe in 1909, they stayed with Ignacy Jan Paderewski in Switzerland and she studied with conductor Emil Paur. Roy Greene died in 1946, and Edith Noyes Greene was listed in his death notice as his survivor.
Her house is included in historical tours of Framingham.
References
External links
Rebecca Hunt, "Women Composers in Turn of the Century Boston" Boston Public Library (March 1, 2019).
1875 births
Year of death missing
People from Framingham, Massachusetts
American composers
American pianists
Winkreative is an independently owned global creative and branding agency. Founded by the publisher, Tyler Brûlé, and headquartered in Zürich, Switzerland it focuses on narrative-based advertising and branding projects. The design work of the company is carried out at its London base called Midori House, where sister company, Monocle magazine is also located.
Winkreative has around 40 employees and handles the creative work of more than 30 clients worldwide.
History
The design agency was founded as Wink Media in 1998 and later became Winkreative. In 2001, the same year Tyler Brûlé became the youngest ever recipient of the British Society of Magazine Editors' Lifetime Achievement Award, Winkreative was hired to design the "look and feel" of Swiss International Air Lines at their relaunch, after the collapse of Swissair.
The rebranding project went beyond just a new look for Swiss International Air Lines, extending to the cabin's lighting and even crew uniforms.
In 2002, Brûlé sold his stake in Wallpaper* magazine and turned his focus towards the development of Winkreative. Today, the agency is a wholly owned subsidiary of Winkorp AG, also the Swiss parent company of Monocle and Trunk Clothiers.
Other past and present clients include TOTO, Tag Heuer, Sky News, Stella McCartney, and Porter Airlines.
References
Advertising agencies of Switzerland
Swiss companies established in 1998
Companies based in Zürich
William Daron Pulliam (October 5, 1946 – June 9, 2013), who performed in the 1970s under the name Darondo, was an American soul singer from the San Francisco Bay Area.
Life and career
Darondo was born in 1946 in Berkeley, California. As a child, Darondo began enjoying rhythm and blues after his mother purchased him a guitar.
At the beginning of his career, Darondo met jazz pianist Al Turner, who suggested the singer record something in the studio. That suggestion resulted in the single "I Want Your Love So Bad", which got Darondo noticed by Ray Dobard, the owner of record label Music City. Darondo collaborated with Turner on songs at Dobard's studio, releasing three records from 1972 to 1974. One particular single, "Didn't I", ending up selling 35,000 copies and was played extensively on local radio.
During this period, Darondo got the opportunity to be the opening act for James Brown at Bimbo's 365 Club in the early 1970s. The singer also developed a unique sense of style, dressing in a white fur coat with snakeskin shoes and driving a white Rolls-Royce Silver Cloud with a "DARONDO" vanity plate. It was speculated that Darondo was a pimp, though he denied this claim. According to Darondo, his stage name originated as a compliment from a waitress who was fond of his generous tipping habits.
Towards the late 1970s, Darondo stepped away from music, partially due to being engaged in a financial dispute with Dobard and Music City. During this time, and lasting into the 1980s, Darondo hosted several shows on local cable television. These programs ranged from Darondo's Penthouse After Dark, to children's show Tapper the Rabbit. However, realizing that he needed time away from other people to stop his self-admitted cocaine dependence, Darondo made the decision to leave for Europe. After spending time in London and Paris, he accepted a job playing guitar on a cruise ship, which enabled him to visit other locales like Trinidad. Darondo eventually made his way back to the San Francisco Bay Area, becoming a physical therapist and a speech pathologist.
Despite being out of the music industry for decades, Darondo received renewed attention in recent years thanks to London disc jockey Gilles Peterson. Peterson played his 1973 single, "Didn't I" on his BBC Radio 1 program, and included the song on a 2005 compilation album called Gilles Peterson Digs America.
Recordings of Darondo are available from Luv N Haight, an imprint label of Ubiquity Records.
In media
In 2007, Darondo's song "Didn't I" was covered by Jack Peñate on his Spit At Stars EP and in 2008, featured on an episode of Breaking Bad. "Didn't I" was also featured in the 2010 film Saint John of Las Vegas In 2009, the song "Legs" was featured in an episode of the American version of Life on Mars. In 2010, "Didn't I" was featured in the films Night Catches Us and Jack Goes Boating. It also appeared in the New Element video, Future Nature. In 2013, "Didn't I" was featured on a Late Night Tales compilation mixed by Bonobo. In the same year, "Didn't I" was featured in the third installment of the Spanish Apartment trilogy, Chinese Puzzle starring Romain Duris. It was used as an ending theme in an episode of Lovesick. "Didn't I" was covered by the English electronic music duo HONNE on their 2015 EP "Coastal Love". "Didn't I" was also featured on Episode 1, Season 1 of The Blacklist and Season 1 of HBO's The Deuce. The song was featured in the Hulu show, High Fidelity. In September 2020 "Didn't I" was covered by a female artist, the American soul/blues singer Regina Bonelli. In 2018 producer Harry Fraud sampled “Didn't I” for his single “The Count”. Which also features Wiz Khalifa and Curren$y. Most recently, in September 2021, "Didn't I" closed Episode 4 (Season 1) of the Scottish television drama Guilt, produced by the BBC and airing on Masterpiece Mystery, as well as Episode 10, Season 2 of FXX comedy series Dave (TV series).
Personal life
In the 1980s, Darondo met his wife, Prem, in Fiji.
Darondo died of heart failure in 2013 at the age of 67.
Discography
Let My People Go, Ubiquity Records, 2006
Listen to My Song, the Music City Sessions, Omnivore Recordings, 2011
References
External links
Darondo at Ubiquity Records
Let My People Go LP on Ubiquity Records
NPR SXSW Artists to Watch
March 2008 interview with L.A. Record
Live Photos @ Detroit Bar (June 2008)
Let My People Go on YouTube
1946 births
2013 deaths
American funk singers
American soul singers
Musicians from Berkeley, California
Singers from California
(), also known as (), or (), or (), is one type of two-piece ceremonial traditional Chinese wedding set of attire, which is composed of a jacket called () and of a long Chinese skirt called (). The is a type of Hanfu worn by Han Chinese brides and originated in the 18th century during the Qing dynasty. It eventually became the traditional wedding attire of Cantonese brides in the Guangdong regions. It is traditionally handmade and is decorated with dragons and phoenixes embroideries. Nowadays, the is still popular as a wedding dress in China, including in Hong kong and Macau.
Origins and tradition
Back in Ming dynasty, the women wedding dress worn by nobles and commoners was known as () composed of the and . The wedding dress worn in Ming dynasty continued to influence the wedding dress of the later centuries.
What is known as only started to be worn in the 18th century during the Qing dynasty. The originated in Guangdong when Liang Zhu, a Guangdong Qing dynasty politician, was rewarded with a silk wedding dress embroidered with dragons and phoenixes by the Qing Emperor at the time of his daughter's wedding. This led to the use in the Guangdong area.
In 18th century, Chinese mothers would start to sew the as soon as a daughter was born in the family. They would then be placed as a part of the daughter's bride dowry when she gets married. The follows the ancient traditional system of (; upper and lower garment).
Construction and Design
The is composed of two separate garments: a (), which is a Chinese jacket which closes at the front with buttons, and a (). The worn in the is typically straight in cut. The skirt could be pleated.
Colour
While Western wedding dress tends to be white in colour, Chinese traditional wedding clothing favours the use of red and gold colour.
The was originally black in colour while the skirt was originally red in colour.
The which is completely red in colour only appeared in the 1960s. Since then the traditional black and red started to be used for the bride's mother instead of being worn by the brides themselves.
Embroidery
The is typically embroidered with the Chinese dragons called () and the Chinese phoenix called (). It can also be decorated with other auspicious symbols, such as pomegranate (symbolism for fertility), peony flowers, lotus flowers, bats, goldfish, butterfly and birds.
Nowadays, there are 5 different types of which is named accordingly to the percentage of embroidery covering the dress:
(): 30% covered with embroidery,
(): 50% covered with embroidery
(): 70% covered with embroidery
(): 90% covered with embroidery
(): 100% covered with embroidery
Derivatives and influences
Betawi Bridal dress
The Betawi bridal dress, partly influenced by Chinese culture and by Indonesian culture, looks similar to the Chinese . Like the , the Betawi bridal dress is a two-piece set of attire which composed of an ankle-length with wider bottom skirt called kun and an upper garment called tuaki. The tuaki is decorated with Chinese auspicious symbols. One difference from the qungua is the use of Betawi Lotus, also known as Betawi pomegranate, a separate ornamental garment which covers the chest and shoulder areas (similar to the of the Chinese people). The Betawi lotus was used to denote the origins of the Betawi bride, but it was eventually replaced by beads which typically follows the Spanish cherry floral pattern. The kun and tuaki must match in colour.
Differences with other garments
Fengguan xiapei
The is different from the (), another type of Traditional Han Chinese wedding set of attire, which was worn in Ming and Qing dynasties in terms of composition of garments and accessories which the qungua lacks of. The is a set of attire which was composed of red (), which is a type of Ming dynasty-style round-collar robe decorated with dragons, which was worn by Han Chinese women as a court robe; a (), which is a type of long scarf in Ming and a type of stole in Qing dynasty; a (), which is a skirt which can be red or green and is embroidered with dragons and phoenixes on the front and back skirt lapels), and the , the phoenix coronet. The Wedding attire is sometimes decorated with Chinese cloud collar known as .
Xiuhefu
The is distinct from another Chinese wedding set of attire called (). The typically has a overlapping jacket which closes to the right side (instead of the central closing jacket) which is worn with an A-line skirt () which looks similar to a instead of a straight cut skirt. The is typically embroidered with flowers and birds to symbolize love for whole seasons.
Cheongsam
The is different from the cheongsam which can also be worn as a Traditional Chinese wedding dress. The is a two-piece garment composed of jacket and skirts while the modern cheongsam is currently a one-piece robe. Prior to the 1930s and the 1940s, the cheongsam was also a two-piece set of garment which was composed of a long robe and was worn with a pair of trousers.
See also
Traditional Chinese wedding dress
Fengguan
Hanfu
Ruqun
Traditional Chinese marriage
References
Chinese traditional clothing
Marriage in Chinese culture
Wedding dresses
Embroidery
Jonas Alströmer (7 January 1685 – 2 June 1761) was a pioneer of agriculture and industry in Sweden.
Born Jonas Toresson (later changed to Alström) in the town of Alingsås in Västergötland, in 1707 he became a clerk for Stockholm merchant Alberg in London. Alberg's business failed after about three years, but Alström became a shipbroker on his own, and did very well.
Eventually he desired to establish industry back home, and in 1724 established a woolen factory in his native village, which became profitable after some initial difficulties. He then established a sugar refinery in Gothenburg, encouraged improvements in potato cultivation, tanning, cutlery, and shipbuilding.
Although Alströmer was pivotal in popularizing the cultivation of potatoes, the popular idea that he was responsible for introducing the potato in Sweden is a myth, as potatoes were grown in the Uppsala Botanical Garden (in what is now the Linnaean Garden) by Olaus Rudbeck in 1658, before Alströmer was even born. Nevertheless, Alströmer himself maintained that he had brought the potato to Sweden, and his name has remained closely associated with potatoes.
He was one of the six persons who founded the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1739. The King made him a knight of the Order of the Polar Star in 1748, and soon after with letters of nobility, changing his name to Alströmer.
Jonas Alströmer had four sons in two marriages, Patrik Alströmer, August Alströmer (father of Anna Margaretha Alströmer), Clas Alströmer and Johan Alströmer. His son Clas Alströmer was a noted naturalist.
Memorials
In 1790 he was honoured with a bust made of marble in the Stockholm Stock Exchange Building
In 1905 he was honoured with a statue in Gothenburg
In 1905 he was honoured with a bust in his hometown of Alingsås
In 1961 a postage stamp marked the 200th anniversary of his passing.
References
External links
Nordisk familjebok (1904): Alströmer, Jonas
1685 births
1761 deaths
People from Alingsås Municipality
Swedish nobility
Swedish agronomists
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
18th-century Swedish businesspeople
Knights of the Order of the Polar Star
Age of Liberty people
Pavel Viktorovich Trusov (born 30 September 1994) is a Russian kickboxer. He holds two Guinness World Records for the most full extension punches in one minute and three minutes. His official count is 334 punches in one minute (since beaten) and 919 punches in three minutes. , Trusov is a full time coach in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Career
At the age of eight, Trusov started his kickboxing career. During his time as an athlete, Pavel managed to earn the title of a 2-time champion of Russia and 10-time kickboxing champion of Bryansk region. Unfortunately because of Pavel's injuries, he had to end his kickboxing career at the age of 20. , Trusov is a full time coach in Bratislava, Slovakia.
World records
On 27 June 2020, Trusov became an official Guinness World record holder. He managed to land 322 full extension punches in just 60 seconds, securing a world record for most full extension punches in a minute. This achievement has been noted by several media outlets on an international level. For example American media such as Men's Health, UPI, BroBible, KCRR, Esquire, KDJE and MSN, as well as Chinese media such as HK01 and NDTV. Pavel's home country Russia, was also aware of what their athlete has accomplished. Moskovskij Komsomolets, Komsomolskaya Pravda and Russia-24 have congratulated Pavel on his new world record.
On 18 November 2020, Trusov added another Guinness World Record to his resume while also beating his previous record. For his new record, he landed a total of 919 full extension punches in three minutes. On the same day, Pavel has also managed to land 334 full extension punches in one minute, beating his previous record by 12 punches.
References
External links
"World record of 322 punches in one minute" (Dawn)
"He Can Punch 100 Times In 10 Sec" (WAVE TV)
"Meet The World's Fastest Puncher" (WAVE TV)
"Pavel Trusov - Boxing and Kickboxing Pro" (Level Fitness - Interview)
"Pogledajte kako se obara svjetski rekord u najviše udaraca u minuti" (Index.hr)
Living people
1994 births
Russian male kickboxers
Sportspeople from Bryansk
Stephen Jay Greenblatt (born November 7, 1943) is an American Shakespearean, literary historian, and author. He has served as the John Cogan University Professor of the Humanities at Harvard University since 2000. Greenblatt is the general editor of The Norton Shakespeare (2015) and the general editor and a contributor to The Norton Anthology of English Literature.
Greenblatt is one of the founders of new historicism, a set of critical practices that he often refers to as "cultural poetics"; his works have been influential since the early 1980s when he introduced the term. Greenblatt has written and edited numerous books and articles relevant to new historicism, the study of culture, Renaissance studies and Shakespeare studies and is considered to be an expert in these fields. He is also co-founder of the literary-cultural journal Representations, which often publishes articles by new historicists. His most popular work is Will in the World, a biography of Shakespeare that was on The New York Times Best Seller list for nine weeks. He won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 2012 and the National Book Award for Nonfiction in 2011 for The Swerve: How the World Became Modern.
Life and career
Education and career
Greenblatt was born in Boston and raised in Newton, Massachusetts. After graduating from Newton North High School, he was educated at Yale University (BA 1964, PhD 1969) and Pembroke College, Cambridge (MPhil 1966). Greenblatt has since taught at the University of California, Berkeley, and Harvard University. He was Class of 1972 Professor at Berkeley (becoming a full professor in 1980) and taught there for 28 years before taking a position at Harvard University. He was named John Cogan University Professor of the Humanities in 2000. Greenblatt is considered "a key figure in the shift from literary to cultural poetics and from textual to contextual interpretation in U.S. English departments in the 1980s and 1990s."
Greenblatt is the founder and faculty co-chair of Harvard's branch of the Scholars at Risk (SAR) program. SAR is a U.S.-based international network of academic institutions organized to support and defend the principles of academic freedom and to defend the human rights of scholars around the world. Greenblatt was a long-term fellow of the Wissenschaftskolleg in Berlin. As a visiting professor and lecturer, Greenblatt has taught at institutions including the École des Hautes Études, the University of Florence, Kyoto University, the University of Oxford and Peking University. He was a resident fellow at the American Academy in Rome, and is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1987), the American Philosophical Society (2007), and the American Academy of Arts and Letters (2008); he has been president of the Modern Language Association.
In February 2022, Greenblatt was one of 38 Harvard faculty to sign a letter to the Harvard Crimson defending Professor John Comaroff, who had been found to have violated the university's sexual and professional conduct policies. After students filed a lawsuit with detailed allegations of Comaroff's actions and the university's failure to respond, Greenblatt was one of several signatories to say that he wished to retract his name from the letter.
Family
Greenblatt is an Eastern European Jew, an Ashkenazi, and a Litvak. His observant Jewish grandparents were born in Lithuania; his paternal grandparents were from Kaunas and his maternal grandparents were from Vilnius. Greenblatt's grandparents immigrated to the United States during the early 1890s in order to escape a Czarist Russification plan to conscript young Jewish men into the Russian army.
In 1998, he married literary critic Ramie Targoff, whom he has described as his soulmate.
Work
Greenblatt has written extensively on Shakespeare, the Renaissance, culture and New Historicism (which he often refers to as "cultural poetics"). Much of his work has been "part of a collective project", such as his work as co-editor of the Berkeley-based literary-cultural journal Representations (which he co-founded in 1983), as editor of publications such as the Norton Anthology of English Literature, and as co-author of books such as Practicing New Historicism (2000), which he wrote with Catherine Gallagher. Greenblatt has also written on such subjects as travelling in Laos and China, story-telling, and miracles.
Greenblatt's collaboration with Charles L. Mee, Cardenio, premiered on May 8, 2008, at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts. While the critical response to Cardenio was mixed, audiences responded quite positively. The American Repertory Theater has posted audience responses on the organization's blog. Cardenio has been adapted for performance in ten countries, with additional international productions planned.
He wrote his 2018 book Tyrant: Shakespeare on Politics out of anxiety over the result of the 2016 US presidential election.
New Historicism
Greenblatt first used the term "New Historicism" in his 1982 introduction to The Power of Forms in the English Renaissance wherein he uses Queen Elizabeth I's "bitter reaction to the revival of Shakespeare's Richard II on the eve of the Essex rebellion" to illustrate the "mutual permeability of the literary and the historical". New Historicism is regarded by many to have influenced "every traditional period of English literary history". Some critics have charged that it is "antithetical to literary and aesthetic value, that it reduces the historical to the literary or the literary to the historical, that it denies human agency and creativity, that it is somehow out to subvert the politics of cultural and critical theory [and] that it is anti-theoretical". Scholars have observed that New Historicism is, in fact, "neither new nor historical." Others praise New Historicism as "a collection of practices" employed by critics to gain a more comprehensive understanding of literature by considering it in historical context while treating history itself as "historically contingent on the present in which [it is] constructed".
As stated by Shakespeare scholar Jonathan Bate, the approach of New Historicism has been "the most influential strand of criticism over the last 25 years, with its view that literary creations are cultural formations shaped by 'the circulation of social energy'." When told that several American job advertisements were requesting responses from experts in New Historicism, Greenblatt remembered thinking: "'You've got to be kidding. You know it was just something we made up!' I began to see there were institutional consequences to what seemed like a not particularly deeply thought-out term."
He has also said that "My deep, ongoing interest is in the relation between literature and history, the process through which certain remarkable works of art are at once embedded in a highly specific life-world and seem to pull free of that life-world. I am constantly struck by the strangeness of reading works that seem addressed, personally and intimately, to me, and yet were written by people who crumbled to dust long ago".
Greenblatt's works on New Historicism and "cultural poetics" include Practicing New Historicism (2000) (with Catherine Gallagher), in which Greenblatt discusses how "they anecdote ... appears as the 'touch of the real'" and Towards a Poetics of Culture (1987), in which Greenblatt asserts that the question of "how art and society are interrelated," as posed by Jean-François Lyotard and Fredric Jameson, "cannot be answered by appealing to a single theoretical stance". Renaissance Self-Fashioning and the introduction to the Norton Shakespeare are regarded as good examples of Greenblatt's application of new historicist practices.
New Historicism acknowledges that any criticism of a work is colored by the critic's beliefs, social status, and other factors. Many New Historicists begin a critical reading of a novel by explaining themselves, their backgrounds, and their prejudices. Both the work and the reader are affected by everything that has influenced them. New Historicism thus represents a significant change from previous critical theories like New Criticism, because its main focus is to look at many elements outside of the work, instead of reading the text in isolation.
Shakespeare and Renaissance studies
"I believe that nothing comes of anything, even in Shakespeare. I wanted to know where he got the matter he was working with and what he did with that matter".
Greenblatt states in "King Lear and Harsnett's 'Devil-Fiction'" that "Shakespeare's self-consciousness is in significant ways bound up with the institutions and the symbology of power it anatomizes". His work on Shakespeare has addressed such topics as ghosts, purgatory, anxiety, exorcists and revenge. He is also a general editor of the Norton Shakespeare.
Greenblatt's New Historicism opposes the ways in which New Criticism consigns texts "to an autonomous aesthetic realm that [dissociates] Renaissance writing from other forms of cultural production" and the historicist notion that Renaissance texts mirror "a coherent world-view that was held by a whole population," asserting instead "that critics who [wish] to understand sixteenth- and seventeenth-century writing must delineate the ways the texts they [study] were linked to the network of institutions, practices, and beliefs that constituted Renaissance culture in its entirety". Greenblatt's work in Renaissance studies includes Renaissance Self-Fashioning (1980), which "had a transformative impact on Renaissance studies".
Norton Anthology of English Literature
Greenblatt joined M. H. Abrams as general editor of The Norton Anthology of English Literature published by W. W. Norton during the 1990s. He is also the co-editor of the anthology's section on Renaissance literature and the general editor of the Norton Shakespeare, "currently his most influential piece of public pedagogy."
Political commentary
Although it does not refer to Donald Trump directly, Greenblatt's 2018 book, Tyrant: Shakespeare on Power, is considered by literary critics in leading newspapers as thinly veiled criticism of the Trump administration.
Honors
1964–66: Fulbright scholarship
1975: Guggenheim Fellowship
1983: Guggenheim Fellowship
1989: James Russell Lowell Prize of the Modern Language Association (Shakespearean Negotiations)
2002: Honorary D.Litt., Queen Mary College, University of London
2002: Erasmus Institute Prize
2002: Mellon Distinguished Humanist Award
2005: William Shakespeare Award for Classical Theatre, The Shakespeare Theatre, Washington, D.C.
2006: Honorary degree, University of Bucharest, Romania
2010: Wilbur Cross Medal, Yale University
2011: National Book Award for Nonfiction, The Swerve: How the World Became Modern
2011: James Russell Lowell Prize of the Modern Language Association, The Swerve: How the World Became Modern
2012: Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction, The Swerve: How the World Became Modern
2016: Honorary Ph.D. in Visual Arts: Philosophy, Aesthetics, and Art Theory, from the Institute for Doctoral Studies in the Visual Arts
2016 Holberg Prize for outstanding scholars for work in the arts, humanities, social sciences, law or theology
Lectures
Clarendon Lectures, University of Oxford (1988)
Carpenter Lectures, University of Chicago (1988)
Adorno Lectures, Goethe University Frankfurt (2006)
Campbell Lectures, Rice University (2008)
Sigmund H Danziger Jr Lecture, University of Chicago (2015)
Rosamond Gifford Lecture Series, Syracuse, New York (2015)
Mosse Lecture Series, Humboldt University (2015)
Humanitas Visiting Professorship in Museums, Galleries and Libraries, University of Oxford (2015)
Bibliography
Books
Essays and reporting
See also
Cultural Materialism (often contrasted with)
Historicism
Literary theory
Notes
Further reading
External links
Cardenio, American Repertory Theater
The Cardenio Project
The Johns Hopkins Guide to Literary Theory and Criticism
Harvard Faculty profile
The Norton Anthology of English Literature
Booknotes interview with Greenblatt on Will in the World, November 14, 2004.
Stephen Greenblatt, interviewed on Charlie Rose
1943 births
Living people
20th-century American historians
20th-century American essayists
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American historians
21st-century American essayists
21st-century American male writers
Alumni of Pembroke College, Cambridge
American literary critics
American literary historians
American people of Lithuanian-Jewish descent
Fellows of Pembroke College, Cambridge
Harvard University faculty
Holberg Prize laureates
Jewish American writers
National Book Award winners
New Historicism
Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction winners
Shakespearean scholars
The New Yorker people
Jewish historians
Writers from Cambridge, Massachusetts
Writers from Newton, Massachusetts
Yale University alumni
Members of the American Philosophical Society
American male non-fiction writers
Historians from Massachusetts
Newton North High School alumni
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
Dawit Yohannes (; 10 October 1956 – 28 January 2019) was the first Speaker of the House of Peoples' Representatives, the lower chamber of the Ethiopian Parliament, from 1995 to 2005. He was also the Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
Personal life
Dawit Yohannes was born in Addis Ababa on 10 October 1956. Dawit attended Addis Ababa University, Georgetown University and Southeastern University. In 2000, Dawit received a Master of Laws from the University of Amsterdam. Dawit was married and has three children. He died on 28 January 2019, aged 62.
References
1956 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Ethiopian politicians
21st-century Ethiopian politicians
Speakers of the House of Peoples' Representatives (Ethiopia)
Addis Ababa University alumni
Georgetown University alumni
University of Amsterdam alumni
People from Addis Ababa
Ilya Ivanovich Solovyov (; born 20 July 2000) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing under contract as a prospect to the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). Internationally he played for the Belarusian national team at the 2021 World Championship.
Playing career
Solovyov played as a youth in Belarus, developing within the Belarus under-20 national squad while participating in the Belarusian Extraliga (BXL). He was selected 53rd overall in the 2019 CHL Import Draft by the Saginaw Spirit of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) and made his North American major junior debut in the following 2019–20 season, where he scored seven goals and had 33 assists for 40 points in 53 games.
He was drafted in the seventh round, 205th overall, in the 2020 NHL Entry Draft by the Calgary Flames and returned to Belarus to play with HC Dinamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). As a rookie in the 2020–21 season, Solovyov recorded 2 goals and 7 assists for 9 points and 36 penalty minutes in 41 games.
Solovyov was signed to a three-year, entry-level contract with the Calgary Flames on 6 April 2021.
International play
Solovyov represented Belarus at the 2021 IIHF World Championship.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Belarusian expatriate ice hockey people
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Belarusian ice hockey defencemen
Calgary Flames draft picks
HC Dinamo Minsk players
People from Mogilev
Saginaw Spirit players
Sportspeople from Mogilev Region
James Patrick Westlake (July 3, 1930 – January 3, 2003) was a Major League Baseball player. Westlake played for the Philadelphia Phillies in . In one game, Westlake had no hits in one career at-bat. He batted and threw left-handed. His brother is former player Wally Westlake.
Baseball career
Jim graduated from C. K. McClatchy High School in Sacramento, CA in 1948. He had one at bat for the Philadelphia Phillies on April 16, 1955 at the Polo Grounds in New York City against the New York Giants (baseball). He came into the game as a pinch-hitter in the top of the 9th inning as the first batter hitting for relief pitcher Jack Spring. Jim Hearn was the pitcher for the Giants and struck out Westlake in his only Major League at-bat.
Westlake was born and died in Sacramento, California.
External links
1930 births
2003 deaths
Baseball players from Sacramento, California
Philadelphia Phillies players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Miami Marlins (IL) players
Portland Beavers players
Sacramento Solons players
Salt Lake City Bees players
San Francisco Seals (baseball) players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Vancouver Mounties players
Yakima Bears players
Fox's weaver (Ploceus spekeoides) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is endemic to Uganda.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, and swamps.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Fox's weaver
Birds of East Africa
Endemic fauna of Uganda
Fox's weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Frank Patrick Devlin (November 10, 1884 – January 6, 1938) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics in the marathon. He finished twelfth of the fifteen finishers, but moved up to eleventh after Frederick Lorz was disqualified.
See also
United States at the 1904 Summer Olympics
References
External links
American male marathon runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1904 Summer Olympics
1884 births
1938 deaths
Corkin Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Towns of Annsville and Florence in Oneida County, northwest of Taberg.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Dominique Besnehard (; born 5 February 1954) is a French actor, film producer, casting director, writer and talent manager. He has appeared in more than 80 films and television shows since 1975. He starred in the 1983 film À nos amours, which was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
Filmography
Actor
Producer
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
French male film actors
French male television actors
People from Bois-Colombes
20th-century French male actors
21st-century French male actors
Child of the Night may refer to:
Child of the Night (1950 film), a Spanish drama film
Child of the Night (novel), by Nancy Kilpatrick
Enfantasme, a 1978 drama film also known as Child of the Night
What the Peeper Saw, a 1972 horror film also known as Child of the Night
See also
Children of the Night (disambiguation)
Child of the Light, a 1991 novel by Janet Berliner and George Guthridge
The Grenadian passport is a travel document is issued to citizens of Grenada, in accordance with Grenada Citizenship Act 1976 (CAP. 54) and the Grenada Constitution, for the purpose of facilitating international travel. It allows the bearer to travel in foreign countries and the Commonwealth of Nations, in accordance with visa requirements, and facilitates the process of securing assistance from Grenadian consular officials abroad, if necessary.
A Grenada passport is a document valid for proof of citizenship. The passport is also a Caricom passport, as Grenada is a member of the Caribbean Community. There are three types of passport booklets: regular, service, or diplomatic passports. Despite the placement of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) logo at the top of the document's cover-page, Grenada passports are issued by the Immigration and Passport Department (an extension arm of the Royal Grenada Police Force) and at the Diplomatic missions and Honorary Consulates of Grenada abroad.
Types of passports
Regular Grenadian citizens are eligible to a apply for a passport.
Diplomatic Issuable to Grenadian diplomats accredited overseas and their eligible dependents, to citizens who reside in Grenada and travel abroad for diplomatic work, to the Governor-General of Grenada, to the Prime Minister of Grenada, to the Foreign Minister of Grenada and other Government Ministers are also eligible for a diplomatic passport.
Application
All applicants aged 16 or above are entitled to apply for a standard Grenadian passport.
Children under age of 16 years must have written consent of parent/legal guardian when applying for a passport.
In case of a Lost/Stolen/Damaged passport, a Grenadian citizen must provide an Affidavit Declaration and Police Report accompanying that application.
Passport fees (Effective from 1st of November 2019).
Standard
Passport Renewal; First-time e-Passport Applicant, US$250
Lost/Stolen/Damaged; Renewal of Valid e-Passport (e.g. Change of Name), US$500
Emergency Travel Document to Grenada
Travel document, US$35
Grenadian passports may also be issued outside Grenada, for which fees vary per country.
Format
Paper size B7 (ISO/IEC 7810 ID-3, 88 mm × 125 mm)
36 pages
Cover
Grenadian e-passports are dark blue in colour, with logo of CARICOM and the words CARIBBEAN COMMUNITY followed by GRENADA inscribed on top of the booklet. The Grenada coat of arms is prominently emblazoned in the centre of the cover page, followed on the bottom by the inscription of the words PASSPORT on ordinary passports, OFFICIAL PASSPORT on official passports and DIPLOMATIC PASSPORT on diplomatic passports.
Identification page
The following information is printed on the identification page, in: English and French.
{|
|-
|1. Photo of Passport Holder
|2. Type (PA for passport)
|-
|3. Country Code (GRD)
|4. Passport Number
|-
|5. Surname
|6. Given name(s)
|-
|7. Nationality (Grenadian)
|8. Date of birth
|-
|9. Sex
|10. Place of birth
|-
|11. Date of issue
|12. Date of expiry
|-
|13. Holder's signature
|14. Issuing office
|}
Passport photographs
The standards are:
Not more than 2 1/2in x 2in or less than 2in x 1 1/2in.
No glasses.
No bands visible.
No big earrings.
Ears must be visible.
Hair must be away from face and not covering the forehead.
Chest must be covered.
Passport statement
Grenada passports contain on their inside cover the following words in English only:
Visa requirements for Grenadian citizens
As of July 2020, Grenadian citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 143 countries and territories, ranking the Grenadian passport 35th in terms of travel freedom according to the Henley visa restrictions index.
Grenadian citizens can live and work within the OECS as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 12 of the Revised Treaty of Basseterre.
Holders of a Grenada passport may travel without a visa, or receive a visa upon arrival, to many other countries. As of 28 May 2015, Grenada signed a short-stay visa waiver agreement with the European Union.
This agreement allows citizens of Grenada to visit the countries of Europe who are members of the Schengen Area for up to three months in any six-month period without a visa. Similarly, citizens of Europe (whose countries are members of the Schengen Area) will be able to visit Grenada for the same period without a visa.
Gallery of historical images
See also
Visa requirements for Grenadian citizens
CARICOM passport
Grenadian nationality law
Monarchy of Grenada
Government of Grenada
Commonwealth citizen
Foreign relations of Grenada
References
Grenada and the Commonwealth of Nations
Grenada
Government of Grenada
Law of Grenada
Candidate for President of Russia – people officially registered as a candidate for President of the Russian Federation. As of , 34 people participated in the elections of the President of Russia. From them: one — 6 times, two — 4 times, one — 3 times and three — 2 times.
Recently at the moment the election were in 2018, eight candidates participated in them. The next election will be held in 2024.
1991
According to the in force at the time Constitution, the President is elected together with the Vice President for five years.
Since 1996
According to the new Constitution, the position of Vice President was abolished, and the President is elected for six years (until 2012 for four years).
Facts
Only once, to determine the winner needed to carry out the second round. In the 1996 election .
Candidates from the Communist Party has always taken second place.
Most often participated in the elections Vladimir Zhirinovsky (6 times).
Only 3 women have been presidential candidates: Ella Pamfilova in 2000, Irina Khakamada in 2004 and Ksenia Sobchak in 2018.
The largest number of candidates for the President of Russia – 11 people in 2000. The smallest number – 4 people in 2008.
The youngest presidential candidate is Ksenia Sobchak (aged 36), the oldest is Vladimir Zhirinovsky (aged 71). Both participated in the 2018 election.
See also
President of Russia
List of presidents of Russia
Elections in Russia
Russian presidential elections
List of Russian presidential candidates by number of votes received
References
Goes! is a Japanese female-oriented drama CD developed by Petit Reve and published by Future Tech Lab. The series span 5 volumes with the first one being released on August 27, 2014 and the last one released on November 5, 2016. Between January 27, 2016 and April 20, 2016 four image song albums were also released. On November 25, 2016 Future Tech Lab released an otome visual novel video game adaptation for PlayStation Vita, developed by Petit Reve.
Reception
Japanese gaming magazine Famitsu gave the PlayStation Vita game a score of three sevens and an eight, for a total of 29 out of 40.
References
External links
2016 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Otome games
PlayStation Vita games
PlayStation Vita-only games
Video games developed in Japan
William Dick Murison (24 February 1837 – 28 December 1877) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament and a cricketer from Otago, New Zealand.
Biography
Murison was born in Alyth, Perthshire, Scotland, and migrated to New Zealand in 1856. He played three first-class matches for Otago between 1864 and 1867.
He represented the Waikouaiti electorate from 1866, when he narrowly defeated Julius Vogel, to 1868, when he resigned. From 1871 until his death in 1877, he was editor of the Otago Daily Times.
He died on 28 December 1877 in Dunedin, aged 40. He left a wife and five children.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
1837 births
1877 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand people of Scottish descent
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
New Zealand MPs for Dunedin electorates
New Zealand sportsperson-politicians
New Zealand editors
19th-century New Zealand politicians
People from Waikouaiti
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season was an event in the annual tropical cyclone season in the north Atlantic Ocean. It was below-average Atlantic hurricane season with nine named storms, the fewest since the 1997 season. The season officially began on June 1, 2009, and ended on November 30, 2009, dates that conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones develop in the Atlantic basin. The first storm to form was Tropical Depression One on May 28, 2009 (one of three in 2009 that did not become a tropical storm), while the last storm, Hurricane Ida, dissipated on November 10.
Of the year's nine named storms, three became hurricanes with two intensifying further into major hurricanes. The inactivity throughout the basin was linked to the formation of an El Niño, which increased wind shear. The two most significant storms of the season, in terms of loss of life and damage, were Hurricanes Bill and Ida. Hurricane Bill was an unusually large storm and was also the season's strongest, attaining winds of . Tropical Storm Claudette was the only storm during 2009 to make landfall in the United States; Hurricane Ida became extratropical shortly before coming ashore in Alabama.
This timeline includes information that was not operationally released, meaning that data from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as a storm that was not operationally warned upon, has been included. This timeline documents tropical cyclone formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, and dissipations during the season.
By convention, meteorologists use one time zone when issuing forecasts and making observations: Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), and also use the 24-hour clock (where 00:00 = midnight UTC). The National Hurricane Center uses both UTC and the time zone where the center of the tropical cyclone is currently located. The time zones utilized (east to west) prior to 2020 were: Atlantic, Eastern, and Central. In this timeline, all information is listed by UTC first with the respective regional time included in parentheses. Additionally, figures for maximum sustained winds and position estimates are rounded to the nearest 5 units (knots, miles, or kilometers), following the convention used in the National Hurricane Center's products. Direct wind observations are rounded to the nearest whole number. Atmospheric pressures are listed to the nearest millibar and nearest hundredth of an inch of mercury.
Timeline of events
May
May 28
1 a.m. EDT (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression One develops from an area of low pressure roughly east-northeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina.
1 p.m. EDT (1800 UTC) – Tropical Depression One attains its peak intensity with winds of and a barometric pressure of 1006 mbar (hPa; ).
May 29
7 p.m. EDT (0000 UTC on May 30) – Tropical Depression One degenerates into a non-convective remnant low-pressure area roughly south-southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia.
June
No tropical cyclones formed during the month of June.
June 1
12 a.m. EDT (0400 UTC) – The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season officially begins.
July
No tropical cyclones formed during the month of July, making the 2009 season one of fourteen since 1944 in which no tropical storms developed during June and July.
August
August 11
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression Two develops from a tropical wave roughly west of the Cape Verde Islands.
August 12
8:00 a.m. AST (1200 UTC) – Post-season research indicated that at this time, Tropical Depression Two attained tropical storm status. However, as it was not operationally recognized as such, it was not named.
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on August 13) – Tropical Storm Ana weakens into a tropical depression.
August 13
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression Two degenerates into a non-convective remnant low about 775 mi (1,250 km) west of the Cape Verde Islands.
August 14
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on August 15) – The remnants of Tropical Depression Two regenerate into a tropical depression roughly 1,075 mi (1,730 km) east of the Lesser Antilles.
August 15
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression Two strengthens into Tropical Storm Ana. The storm also attains its peak intensity with winds of and a minimum pressure of 1003 mbar (hPa; ).
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression Three forms out of a tropical wave roughly west-southwest of the Cape Verde islands.
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Depression Three strengthens into Tropical Storm Bill.
August 16
1:00 a.m. EDT (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression Four develops over the eastern Gulf of Mexico, roughly west-southwest of Sarasota, Florida.
7:00 a.m. EDT (1200 UTC) – Tropical Depression Four strengthens into Tropical Storm Claudette.
8:00 a.m. AST (1200 UTC) – Tropical Storm Ana weakens into a tropical depression shortly before degenerating into a trough of low pressure roughly east of the Lesser Antilles.
1:00 p.m. EDT (1800 UTC) – Tropical Storm Claudette attains its peak winds of while situated roughly south of Apalachicola, Florida.
7:00 p.m. EDT (0000 UTC on August 17) – Tropical Storm Claudette attains its minimum pressure of 1005 mbar (hPa; ) just off the Florida coastline.
August 17
12:30 a.m. EDT (0530 UTC) – Tropical Storm Claudette makes landfall near Fort Walton Beach, Florida with winds of .
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Bill strengthens into a Category 1 hurricane midway between the Lesser Antilles and the Cape Verde Islands.
7:00 a.m. EDT (1200 UTC) – Tropical Storm Claudette weakens to a tropical depression over Alabama.
7:00 p.m. EDT (0000 UTC on August 18) – Tropical Depression Claudette dissipates over eastern Mississippi.
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on August 18) – Hurricane Bill strengthens to a Category 2 hurricane.
August 18
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Bill strengthens into a major hurricane—a storm with winds of or higher.
August 19
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Hurricane Bill strengthens to a Category 4 hurricane, attaining its peak winds of .
August 20
8:00 a.m. AST (1200 UTC) – Hurricane Bill weakens to a Category 3 hurricane.
8:00 a.m. AST (0000 UTC on August 21) – Hurricane Bill attains its secondary peak intensity with winds of and a minimum pressure of 943 mbar (hPa; ), the lowest pressure recorded in any storm during the 2009 season.
August 21
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Bill weakens to a Category 2 hurricane.
August 22
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Hurricane Bill makes its closest approach to Bermuda, passing roughly west of the island with winds of .
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Bill weakens to a Category 1 hurricane.
August 23
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Bill brushes the coastline of Nova Scotia with winds of .
10:00 p.m. AST (0200 UTC on August 24) – Hurricane Bill weakens to a tropical storm just off the southern coast of Newfoundland
11:00 a.m. AST (0300 UTC) – Tropical Storm Bill makes landfall at Point Rosie on the Burin Peninsula of Newfoundland with winds of .
August 24
8:00 a.m. AST (1200 UTC) – Tropical Storm Bill transitions into an extratropical cyclone over the north Atlantic Ocean as it rapidly tracks eastward towards the United Kingdom.
August 26
4:00 a.m. EDT (0900 UTC) – Tropical Storm Danny develops from a disorganized area of low pressure roughly east of Nassau, Bahamas.
7:00 p.m. EDT (0000 UTC on August 27) – Tropical Storm Danny attains its peak intensity with winds of and a minimum pressure of 1006 mbar (hPa; ).
August 29
1:00 a.m. EDT (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Danny degenerates into a trough of low pressure shortly before being absorbed by a larger low-pressure system.
September
September 1
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Storm Erika forms roughly east of Guadeloupe.
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on September 2) – Tropical Storm Erika attains its peak intensity with winds of and a minimum pressure of 1004 mbar (hPa; ).
September 2
2:30 p.m. AST (1830 UTC) – Tropical Storm Erika passes over the island of Guadeloupe with winds of .
September 3
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Storm Erika weakens to a tropical depression.
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on September 4) – Tropical Depression Erika degenerates into a non-covective remnant low over the eastern Caribbean.
September 7
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Depression Seven develops out of an area of low pressure roughly south of Brava, Cape Verde.
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on September 8) – Tropical Depression Seven intensifies into Tropical Storm Fred.
September 8
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on September 9) – Tropical Storm Fred intensifies into a hurricane, the second of the season.
September 9
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Hurricane Fred intensifies into a Category 2 hurricane.
8:00 a.m. AST (1200 UTC) – Hurricane Fred further intensifies into a Category 3 hurricane and attains its peak intensity with winds of and a minimum pressure of 958 mbar (hPa; ), becoming the strongest known hurricane on record south of 30°N and east of 35°W.
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on September 10) – Hurricane Fred weakens to a Category 2 hurricane.
September 10
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Fred weakens to a Category 1 hurricane.
September 11
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Fred weakens to a tropical storm as it stalls northwest of the Cape Verde Islands.
September 12
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Storm Fred degenerates into a non-convective remnant low roughly west of Santo Antão, Cape Verde. The remnants of Fred would persist for nearly a week before fully dissipating south of Bermuda on September 19.
September 25
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Depression Eight forms roughly southwest of the Cape Verde Islands.
September 26
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Depression Eight degenerates into a remnant low west of the Cape Verde Islands.
October
October 4
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Grace forms out of an extratropical system roughly west of Lajes, Azores, becoming the northeasternmost forming cyclone in the Atlantic on record.
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on October 5) – Tropical Storm Grace attains its peak winds of .
October 5
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Storm Grace attains its minimum pressure of 986 mbar (hPa; ).
8:00 p.m. AST (0000 UTC on October 6) – The tenth tropical depression of the season forms roughly 775 mi (1,250 km) east of the Lesser Antilles.
October 6
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Grace transitions into an extratropical cyclone roughly west-southwest of Cork, Ireland.
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – The tropical depression east of the Lesser Antilles strengthens into Tropical Storm Henri.
October 7
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Henri attains its peak intensity with winds of and a minimum pressure of 1005 mbar (hPa; ).
October 8
2:00 a.m. AST (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Henri weakens to a tropical depression.
2:00 p.m. AST (1800 UTC) – Tropical Depression Henri degenerates into a remnant low roughly north of Anguilla.
November
November 4
12:00 a.m. CDT (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression Eleven forms over the southwestern Caribbean Sea near San Andres Island.
6:00 a.m. CDT (1200 UTC) – Tropical Depression Eleven intensifies into Tropical Storm Ida.
November 5
12:00 a.m. CDT (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Ida strengthens into a Category 1 hurricane as it passes near the Corn Islands with winds of .
6:00 a.m. CDT (1200 UTC) – Hurricane Ida makes landfall near the Rio Grande, Nicaragua with winds of .
12:00 p.m. CDT (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Ida weakens into a tropical storm over the high terrain of Nicaragua.
November 6
12:00 a.m. CDT (0600 UTC) – Tropical Storm Ida further weakens to a tropical depression as it nears Honduras.
November 7
12:00 a.m. CDT (0600 UTC) – Tropical Depression Ida restrengthens into a tropical storm after moving over the warm waters of the northwestern Caribbean Sea.
6:00 p.m. CDT (0000 UTC on November 8) – Tropical Storm Ida regains hurricane status.
November 8
6:00 a.m. CDT (1200 UTC) – Hurricane Ida intensifies into a Category 2 hurricane.
12:00 p.m. CDT (1800 UTC) – Hurricane Ida attains its minimum pressure of 975 mbar (hPa; ).
6:00 p.m. CDT (0000 UTC on November 9) – Hurricane Ida attains its peak winds of over the Yucatán Channel.
November 9
12:00 a.m. CDT (0600 UTC) – Hurricane Ida weakens to a Category 1 hurricane.
6:00 a.m. CDT (1200 UTC) – Hurricane Ida quickly weakens to a tropical storm.
12:00 p.m. CDT (1800 UTC) – Tropical Storm Ida regains hurricane status for a third time.
3:00 p.m. CDT (2100 UTC) – Hurricane Ida attains its secondary peak intensity with winds of .
6:00 p.m. CDT (0000 UTC) – Hurricane Ida weakens to a tropical storm as it nears the United States Gulf Coast.
November 10
3:00 a.m. CDT (0900 UTC) – Tropical Storm Ida transitions into an extratropical cyclone just before moving inland over southern Alabama.
November 30
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season officially ends.
See also
Lists of Atlantic hurricanes
Timeline of the 2009 Pacific hurricane season
Notes
References
External links
2009 Tropical Cyclone Advisory Archive, National Hurricane Center and Central Pacific Hurricane Center
Hurricanes and Tropical Storms – Annual 2009, National Centers for Environmental Information
2009 Atlantic hurricane season
Articles which contain graphical timelines
2009 Atl T
William Roberts was an Australian cricketer. He played one first-class match for New South Wales in 1880/81.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Place of birth missing
Laura Tàunâjik Uitsatikitseq (born 1979) is a Greenlandic politician. She was a Siumut member of the Inatsisartut from 2014 to 2020, when she resigned to care for her children. From 2017 onward, she was a member of the municipal council for Sermersooq. Her work included advocacy for victims of domestic violence.
Early life
Laura Tàunâjik was born in Kuummiit in 1979, in the house her grandparents lived in.
Career
Tàunâjik was a Siumut member of the Inatsisartut, the parliament of Greenland, first elected in 2014. She was chairman of the committee on law, and a member of the committees on culture and education, and on family and health. She was also a municipal council member for Sermersooq, first elected in 2017.
Her work as a member of the Inatsisartut includes advocating for a women's center to be built in Tasiilaq. She said that due to the severity of domestic violence in the town—the second most of any location in Greenland, and Eastern Greenland having maternal domestic violence rates as high as 25 percent—it was necessary for a women's shelter to be built. About 1.3 million krone were appropriated in a proposed budget to build the center by the government of Sermersooq. Her work also included listening to testimony from Tilioq, a disability rights group. She retired from the Inatsisartut in 2020 to care for her family, as she had one small child and was pregnant. After her retirement, she kept her position in Sermersooq, and took on a job as a teacher in the village of Kuummiit.
In the Sermersooq municipal council, as of 2021 she is a member of the committee on children and family.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1979 births
21st-century Greenlandic politicians
Greenlandic city councillors
Living people
Members of the Parliament of Greenland
People from Sermersooq
Siumut politicians
Danish women activists
Women local politicians
Women members of the Parliament of Greenland
21st-century women politicians
Florian Oßner (born 5 July 1980) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag since the 2013 elections.
Political career
Oßner became member of the Bundestag after the 2013 German federal election. He is a member of the Budget Committee and the Committee on Transport and Digital Infrastructure. In addition to his committee assignments, he is part of the German-American Parliamentary Friendship Group and the German-Austrian Parliamentary Friendship Group.
In the negotiations to form a coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Oßner was part of the working group on municipalities and rural areas, led by Reiner Haseloff, Kurt Gribl and Michael Groschek.
Other activities
Federal Network Agency for Electricity, Gas, Telecommunications, Posts and Railway (BNetzA), Alternate Member of the Rail Infrastructure Advisory Council
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1980 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
People from Vilsbiburg
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
This is a list of precomposed Latin characters in Unicode. Unicode typefaces may be needed for these to display correctly.
Letters with diacritics
Digraphs and ligatures
Ǳ, ǲ, ǳ
Ǆ, ǅ, ǆ
ﬀ
ﬃ
ﬄ
ﬁ
ﬂ
Ĳ, ĳ
Ǉ, ǈ, ǉ
Ǌ, ǋ, ǌ
ﬆ
ﬅ
Other characters
A collection of precomposed Latin characters (mostly abbreviations of units of measurement) is also included in the CJK Compatibility and Enclosed CJK Letters and Months sections of Unicode, as are a set of precomposed Roman numerals; these characters are intended for use in East Asian languages and are not meant to be mixed with Latin languages. Several enclosed alphanumerics are also featured in Unicode.
Some characters in the Letterlike Symbols block can be substituted with characters in the ASCII range.
See also
Latin script
External links
Unicode collation chart -- Latin letters sorted by shape
References
Unicode
Kalenborn is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Tiberio Crispo (31 January 1498 – 10 October 1566), the son of Giovanni Battista Crispo and Silvia Ruffini, who, after her husband's death, was the mistress of Alessandro Farnese. It was believed that Tiberio was an illegitimate son of Farnese, who became Pope Paul III. He was certainly a natural brother of Costanza Farnese (born ca. 1500) and Ranuccio Farnese (died 1529), the two undisputed legitimate children of Paul III, were born before his election as pope in 1534.
Biography
Tiberio Crispo began his career as a Canon and Prebendary of the Vatican Basilica. On 11 April 1543 Pope Paul III granted him the right of making his own will. He was also cubicularius secretus.
From June 1542 to April 1545 Crispo was the castellan of Castel Sant'Angelo.
He was appointed Bishop of Sessa Aurunca in Campania, in the province of Caserta in the Kingdom of Naples, on 6 July 1543, though he resigned the post in the next year in favor Bartolommeo Albano, who was appointed on 7 June 1544.
Tiberio Crispo was raised to the cardinalate on 19 December 1544 by Paul III. He was assigned the deaconry of S. Agata de' Goti from 1545 to 1551. On 20 November 1551 he was promoted to the Order of Cardinal Priests, but he was allowed to continue to hold the deaconry of S. Agata as though it were a titulus, pro illa vice (on that one occasion) until 1562. On 18 May 1562 he was promoted Cardinal Priest of S. Maria in Trastevere.
He was appointed Administrator of the Diocese of Sessa Aurunca (1565 – 27 June 1566) during the vacancy caused by the death of Bishop Galeazzo Florimonte.
As papal legate to Perugia, Crispo was a "driving force behind the architectural renewal of the city". For example, in 1547 Crispo commissioned Galeazzo Alessi for the construction of Santa Maria del Popolo to replace a church demolished by the construction of the Via Nuova. He also commissioned a palace in Bolsena that bears his name, Palazzo di Tiberio Crispo (also known as the Palazzo Crispo Marsciano or Palazzo Rondanini alla Rotonda), which was designed by Antonio da Sangallo the Younger circa 1543; after the death of Sangallo in 1546, Raffaello da Montelupo was called in to finish the palace, which remained incomplete, however, after the deaths of both Crispo and Raffaello in 1566.
Historical research indicates that Crispo also likely owned the "Palazzo Nobile" in Rome, a palace originally commissioned for Thomas Cardinal Wolsey circa 1507 before passing to the Aldobrandini family; Crispo likely commissioned the 400 square metres of frescos in the palace which celebrate the life of Paul III.
After the death of Paul III, Crispo participated in the conclaves of 1549-1550 (administrator of Amalfi at the time), April 1555 (administrator of Sessa Arunca and Amalfi at the time), May 1555, 1559, 1565-1566 (bishop of Sabina at the time).
Research related to the life and patronage of Crispo is ongoing in historical archives in Rome (States Archives, Vatican Secret Archives, Vatican Library) and Umbria (States Archives of Foligno, Historical Diocesan Archives of Perugia, States Archives of Perugia).
References
1498 births
1566 deaths
16th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinal-bishops of Sabina
Cardinal-nephews
Bishops in Campania
People from the Province of Caserta
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Shukranu is an Indian film directed by Bishnu Dev Halder, starring Divyenndu, Shweta Basu Prasad and Sheetal Thakur. The film is produced by Reliance Entertainment.
Synopsis
Shukranu is a fictional story based on true incidents.
During Emergency in 1976 an estimated 6.2 million men were subjected to forced sterilization.
2 thousand of them lost their lives due to botched operations.
Set in Delhi/UP/Haryana, Shukranu is a comic take on the darkest phases of Indian democracy through the encounters of a would-be groom who is forcefully sterilized just days before his much-awaited marriage.
Cast
Divyenndu as Inder
Sheetal Thakur as Akriti
Aakash Dabhade as Bhaanu
Rajesh Khattar as Bhisham
Shakti Singh as Maruti
References
External links
ZEE5 original films
2020 films
2020 direct-to-video films
Films set in 1976
Indian pregnancy films
Works about the Emergency (India)
Sterilization in fiction
Birth control in India
Rodrigo Vázquez de Arce (1529 - 1599) was a Spanish statesman and jurist.
Life
Born in Ávila, he was the son of a law professor and advisor to Charles I of Spain. He studied in the Colegio Mayor Santa Cruz of the University of Valladolid and became a judge in the Royal Chancellery of Granada, a member of the Council of Castile and a member of the Council of the Inquisition. In 1579 Philip II of Spain sent him to Portugal during the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580 after Sebastian I of Portugal's death, in order to claim Philip's rights to the throne of Portugal.
On his return to Spain he became a councillor of the Chamber of Castile and was made a knight of the Order of Alcántara, within which he was given the key and commandery of La Magdalena. In 1584 he became president of the Council of Hacienda and in 1592 president of the Council of Castile. He was a judge in the trial of the king's secretary Antonio Pérez and was made a member of the Council of State by Philip III. However, he fell thanks to intriguing by the conde de Miranda Juan de Zúñiga Avellaneda y Bazán, who convinced the king to dismiss Vázquez as president of the Council of Castile and replace him with Miranda. He was expelled from the court and retired to El Carpio, where he died a few months after his dismissal from complications arising from hemorrhoids. He was buried there in the family vault in the parish church of Santiago Apóstol.
References
People from Ávila, Spain
1529 births
1599 deaths
16th-century politicians
Spanish politicians
Upton Magna is a village and civil parish in Shropshire, England. (Magna is Latin, meaning "great". Therefore, the translation of Upton Magna is "Great Upton".) Nearby are the villages of Uffington, Rodington and Withington, as well as the wooded Haughmond Hill. The nearest town to Upton Magna is Shrewsbury, just to the west.
Upton Magna is situated on the National Cycle Route 81 between Wellington and Shrewsbury.
Buildings
Upton Magna is notable for containing the oldest still-standing cottage in Europe – Cruck Cottage, a thatch-roofed, timber-framed cottage located near the church. The entry for this Grade II listed building on the Historic England website suggests that it dates from the 15th or 16th century. However, although the building appears to have been remodelled in the 15th century, dendrochronological tests on the crucks in the cottage have dated the timber to 1269.
Key features of the village include a primary school, a Church of England parish church (dedicated to St Lucia), a village hall, a pub ("The Haughmond", formerly "The Corbet Arms"), and a small business park.
Upton Forge
Near the village is the site of Upton Forge. (The location is ; .) The forge was in operation by 1675, and during the 18th century it was one of the largest forges in the country, with an output of 200 tons per year. It was leased by William Hazledine from 1800, and further developed; the works extended over about of the valley. The chains of the Menai Suspension Bridge and the Conwy Suspension Bridge were made here. The works closed after Hazledine's death in 1840.
Notable people
Samuel Fisher (died 1681), puritan clergyman and writer, was Rector of Upton Magna 1635-42
Upton Magna is identifiably the "Upton-under-Amon" where John Plimmer (1812–1905) was reportedly born, "Amon" being Haughmond Hill. He later emigrated to New Zealand, where he became known as "the father of Wellington". He was registered as having been baptised, with the parental names given as Isaac and Mary, on 19 July 1812 at the parish church.
Civil engineer Sir Henry Maybury (1864-1943) was educated at Upton Magna village school.
Russian-born novelist, biographer and children's writer, E. M. Almedingen (1898-1971) lived at house Frogmore on the road to Atcham lifelong after World War II.
Sir Derrick Capper (1912–1977), ultimately Chief Constable West Midlands Police, was son of a farmer at Downton, Upton Magna.
See also
Listed buildings in Upton Magna
References
External links
Villages in Shropshire
Civil parishes in Shropshire
is a Japanese professional shogi player ranked 7-dan.
Early life
Sato was born on August 29, 1977, in Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture. He learned shogi from his father when he was about six years old, and entered the Japan Shogi Association's apprentice school at the rank of 6-kyū in 1990 under the guidance of shogi professional . He obtained full professional status and the rank of 4-dan in October 1997 after winning the 21st 3-dan League (April 1997September 1997) with a record of 14 wins and 4 losses.
Shogi professional
Satō finished runner-up to Takayuki Yamasaki in the 35th in November 2004, losing 2 games to 1 in the best-of-three championship round.
In October 2013, Satō was one of five shogi professionals chosen by the JSA to play in the Denō-sen 3 match (MarchApril 2014) against five computer shogi programs. Satō played in Game 2 of the match on March 22, 2014, and his opponent was the program . Satō lost the game in 95 moves.
Promotion history
The promotion history for Satō is as follows.
1990: 6-kyū
1993: 1-dan
1997, October 1: 4-dan
2003, January 24: 5-dan
2007, August 28: 6-dan
2015, December 17: 7-dan
Awards and honors
Satō received the Japan Shogi Association Annual Shogi Awards for "Best New Player" and "Best Winning Percentage" for the 200506 shogi year.
Wig performances
Satō has achieved quite a bit of notoriety for his "wig performances" during various shogi related and other TV appearances. He has stated in interviews that he began to notice he was starting to lose his hair around he was twenty-two years old. He tried some commercial hair restoration medications at first, but they were ineffective. He then tried getting perms to cover his hair loss but they only seemed to damage his remaining hair and make things worse. Eventually by the time he turned twenty-five, he had lost most of the hair at the top of his head.
Satō has said he decided to purchase his first wig when he was twenty-nine years old. He said he did so because the top of his head started to feel "lonely". He then started to use the wigs as a "tool" at live events to add some humor and make shogi fans laugh a little because felt simple straight-forward game commentary was not as interesting. Removing and re-adding his wig made his game commentary funnier and helped him stand out a bit. His performance during the commentary of Sōta Fujii's record-setting 29th consecutive wina live AbemaTV webcast on June 26, 2017, watched by an estimated 7.4 million peopleis where the "wig legend" is said to have been born and the first time his performance was seen by so many people.
Satō has said that he has a about fifteen wigs of various colors, and that he tends to purchase less expensive ones that look cheap because nicer more expensive order-made ones would not likely last long due to all constant putting on and taking off he does during events and other appearances. He also has said that although he uses the wigs as a joke to make people laugh, they also help him feel better and give him courage, and that some fans have told him that his performances do the same for them. He even credits his wigs as helping get married since he met his wife at a wedding reception for a fellow shogi professional in 2014. The two were seated at the same table and struck up a conversation. Later on his wife saw some online videos of his "wig performances" and found them to be very funny, the relationship grew, and the two were married a year later.
References
External links
ShogiHub: Professional Player Info · Sato, Shinnya [sic]
Official blog: 佐藤紳哉のあっちむいてほい
Japanese shogi players
Living people
Professional shogi players
People from Sagamihara
Professional shogi players from Kanagawa Prefecture
1977 births
Antar Djemaouni (; born August 29, 1987) is an Algerian football player. He is currently playing for AS Khroub.
Club career
Djemaouni began his career in the youth ranks of CRB Ferdjioua. In the summer of 2009, he joined USM Blida two days before the end of the transfer period. On September 11, 2009, in just his fourth game with the club, Djemaouni scored his first professional goal in a league match against JSM Béjaïa. He went on to score two more goals in the same game to also record his first hat-trick.
References
External links
DZFoot Profile
1987 births
Living people
Algerian footballers
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
USM Blida players
Algerian Ligue 2 players
Association football forwards
21st-century Algerian people
"All Roads Lead to Rome" is a proverb of medieval origin that may refer to:
A proverb in a number of languages referring to Roman roads, especially the Milliarium Aureum
All Roads Lead to Rome (1949 film), a French film
All Roads Lead to Rome (2015 film), an American romantic comedy film
"All Roads Lead to Rome", an episode of the 2012 documentary Meet the Romans with Mary Beard
"All Roads Lead to Rome", an episode of the 1965 Doctor Who is a serial The Romans
"All Roads Lead to Rome", a song by The Stranglers on the 1983 album Feline
Hind Azouz (sometimes Azzuz) (August 18, 1926 - February 8, 2015) was a Tunisian writer.
Born in Tunis, Azouz was an autodidact. She published short stories and essays in a variety of organs during her career, including al-Hayah al-thaqafiya, al-Fikr, Qisas, al-Idha'a, al-Mar'a, al-Tarbiya al-shamila, al-'Amal, and al-Sabah; she also published a volume of short stories, Fi-l-darb-al-tawil (On the Long Road), in 1969. She received numerous medals from the government of Tunisia during her career, including the Medal of Culture, the Medal of Employment, and the Medal of National Struggle; she was also awarded certificates by numerous other groups. She belonged to the Tunisian Writers' Union and the Story Club in Tunis, and was secretary to the women's arm of the Democratic Constitutional Rally. Employed by Tunisia's national radio broadcaster as an announcer, she also headed its projects department. Her stories touch upon themes of interest to middle-class women, and cover such controversial topics as birth control and abortion. She was recognized as a pioneer in the field of broadcasting during her career.
References
1926 births
2015 deaths
Tunisian short story writers
Tunisian essayists
Tunisian women short story writers
Women essayists
20th-century short story writers
20th-century essayists
21st-century short story writers
21st-century essayists
20th-century Tunisian writers
21st-century Tunisian writers
People from Tunis
20th-century Tunisian women writers
21st-century Tunisian women writers
Tunisian writers in Arabic
Dennis Ozment (born May 2, 1945) is an American politician who served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1985 to 2009.
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Farmington, Minnesota
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Minnesota Republicans
Sydney Tierney (16 September 1923 – 6 March 2010) was a British Labour Party politician and former President of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers (USDAW).
Union career
Tierney joined one of the forerunners of USDAW in 1938 whilst working as a milkman in Rotherham. In 1953 he was appointed a collector/canvasser based in Sheffield, 4 years later becoming an area organiser for the Midlands division, based in Leicester.
In 1977 he was elected USDAW President and after losing his parliamentary seat returned to work as a national officer for USDAW with responsibilities for SATA membership and the insurance section.
Labour Party
Tierney was Member of Parliament for the marginal Birmingham Yardley seat from February 1974 until his defeat at 1979 general election by the Conservative David Gilroy Bevan.
He also served as a councillor and Labour NEC member and chaired the party for a year.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
External links
Obituary in Network magazine
1923 births
2010 deaths
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Chairs of the Labour Party (UK)
Sulaiman Khan Karrani (, ; reigned: 1565–1572) was a Sultan of Bengal. He ascended to the throne after the death of his brother Taj Khan Karrani. According to the Riyaz-us-Salatin, he shifted the seat of government from Gaur to Tanda.
Sulaiman, his brother Taj and Sulaiman's sons Bayazid and Daud Khan Karrani ran a short-lived Afghan vassal state of Mughal emperor Akbar in Bengal. They dominated the area while Sulaiman paid homage to the Akbar. The Afghans defeated by Akbar began to flock under his flag. The Afghans were not technically the rulers of Bengal, the post was primarily nominal.
Relation with Akbar
Sulaiman Khan Karrani did not establish his own coinage during his reign, an act that would have been tantamount to declaring statehood to the ruling Mughals. He also honored Akbar as the supreme ruler of Bengal by requiring that mosques read Akbar's name in the Khutbah, the sermon at the Friday congregational prayers in Bengal. Historians cite these acts as keeping the diplomatic peace between Bengal and Mughal Empire during Akbar's lifetime.
Conquest of Cuttack
Though northern India and parts of southern India were ruled by the Muslim rulers, they had not yet been able to conquer Odisha. In 1568 Sulaiman Khan sent his son Bayazid Khan Karrani and the famous general Kalapahad (Kala Pahar) against Mukunda Deva, the king of Utkal (North Odisha). After a few major battles against the Odias, and aided by civil war elsewhere in Odisha, Sulaiman was able to bring the entire area under his rule. Kalapahad sacked the Jagannath temple and took Puri under control. Sulaiman Karrani appointed Ismail Khan Lodhi as Governor of Odisha and Qutlu Khan Lohani as Governor of Puri respectively.
Conquest of Koch Bihar
Sulaiman Khan Karrani is said to have sent Kalapahad against the Kamata (later Koch Bihar under the Mughals) king, Vishwa Singha. Kala Pahad crossed the Brahmaputra River and advanced as far as Tejapur (modern-day Dinajpur District, Bangladesh). He defeated and captured the Kamata general Shukla-Dhwaja, third son of Bishwa Singha. Later Shukla-Dhwaja was released and regained Koch Bihar.
Religion
Sulaiman was a devouted Muslim and built the Sona mosque in old Maldah.`Abd al-Qadir Bada'uni mentions that every morning Sulaiman would hold a devotional meeting with 150 Shaikhs and Ulama and only thereafter would go about transaction of state business
Death and succession
Sulaiman Karrani died on 11 October 1572, leaving his empire to his son, Bayazid Khan Karrani. He was buried in Tanda, the capital of his Sultanate.
See also
List of rulers of Bengal
History of Bengal
History of Bangladesh
History of India
References
1572 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Indian people of Pashtun descent
16th-century Indian monarchs
16th-century Afghan people
Karrani dynasty
Joseph Shield Nicholson, FBA, FRSE (9 November 1850 – 12 May 1927) was an English economist.
Life
He was born in Wrawby in Lincolnshire on 9 November 1850 the only son of Rev Thomas Nicholson, minister of Banbury, and his wife, Mary Anne Grant. He was educated at Lewisham School in London.
Nicholson studied Logic and Metaphysics at King's College London and the University of Edinburgh, then studied Moral Philosophy at Cambridge, and Heidelberg. He was a private tutor at Cambridge from 1876 to 1880 coming to fame in 1877 when he won the Cambridge Cobden Club prize for his essay "The Effects of Machinery on Wages".
In 1880 he became Professor of political economy at Edinburgh University. At this time he lived at 15 Jordan Lane in the Morningside district. He was the first President of the Scottish Society of Economists, serving from its creation in 1897 until 1903.
In 1884 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were George Chrystal, Alexander Crum Brown, Alexander Buchan and Peter Guthrie Tait.
in 1918, he was awarded the Guy Medal in Silver by the Royal Statistical Society.
In later life he lived at 3 Belford Park near Dean Village in Edinburgh.
Nicholson resigned his chair due to ill health in 1925 and died in Edinburgh on 12 May 1927. He is buried with his wife, Jane (Jeannie) Walmsley Hodgson, in the 20th-century extension to Dean Cemetery, Edinburgh, in the central section.
Works
Nicholson's writings represent a compromise between the methods of the historical school of German economics and those of the English deductive school. In his principal work, Principles of Political Economy (three volumes, 1893–1901), he closely follows John Stuart Mill in his selection of material, but employs statistical and historical discussion, instead of the abstract reasoning from simple assumption that characterises Mill's work.
References
External links
Portraits of Nicholson (National Portrait Gallery, England)
William Augustus Guy medal
John Shield Nicholson - The University of Sydney
English economists
1850 births
1927 deaths
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Fellows of the British Academy
Bramley-Moore is a double-barrelled surname.
List of people with the surname
Alwyn Bramley-Moore (1878–1916), Canadian politician from Alberta
John Bramley-Moore (1800–1886), English politician
See also
Bramley-Moore Dock
Everton Stadium, also knows as Bramley-Moore Dock Stadium
Bramley (surname)
Moore (surname)
Surnames
Compound surnames
English-language surnames
Surnames of British Isles origin
MHEG-5, or ISO/IEC 13522-5, is part of a set of international standards relating to the presentation of multimedia information, standardised by the Multimedia and Hypermedia Experts Group (MHEG). It is most commonly used as a language to describe interactive television services.
Characteristics
MHEG-5 is a licence-free and public standard for interactive TV middleware that is used both to send and receive interactive TV signals. It allows a wide range of TV-centric interactive services to be deployed. It is used by Freeview and Freesat in the UK, Freeview in New Zealand, TVB in Hong Kong, Freeview in Australia, Saorview in Ireland and has been specified in South Africa.
Recent work by the DTG in the UK has led to the development of the MHEG-5 Interaction Channel (MHEG-IC), which enables an extension of broadcast interactive services to be delivered via an IP connection. The principles behind the MHEG-IC are to provide a seamless viewer experience of broadcast delivered content augmented with content delivered over IP as an extension of the channel or network. Broadcasters have full editorial control of the user experience. The MHEG-IC gives access to streamed on-demand video content in addition to traditional text and graphics as well as the ability to support secure transactions.
MHEG-5 is an object-based declarative programming language which can be used to describe a presentation of text, images and video. An MHEG-5 application consists of a number of Scenes which the user of the application can move between. Each Scene lists the items of text and graphics to be presented and can contain blocks of procedural code which are executed in response to one of a predefined set of events such as keys being pressed, timers firing or content being successfully loaded into memory. These blocks of code consist of elementary actions which can perform operations such as changing the text displayed by a text object, or starting a video clip playing.
MHEG-5 specifies a hierarchy of classes that are available to the application author. Unlike in object oriented languages, it is not possible for new classes to be defined. The standard defines two representations of MHEG applications, one of which is textual and the other is represented in ASN.1. Applications are normally written in the textual notation and then encoded into ASN.1 for interpretation by the MHEG engine.
MHEG-5 is suited to programming interactive kiosks and interactive television services.
Use in other standards
MHEG-5 has been selected as the mandatory interactivity engine for CI+ compliant TVs (and other CI+ devices).
Profiles and commercial roll-out
The MHEG-5 language itself is just that, a language. To be useful in any particular context, the language needs to be profiled.
A broadcast profile of the language has been standardized by ETSI, forming ETSI standard ES 202 184.
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, MHEG-5 is used to provide interactive services for digital television such as the BBC's red button Ceefax replacement service. The full specification of how MHEG-5 is used in the context of the UK Freeview platform is the UK Profile of MHEG-5. MHEG is also used on Freesat for its programming guide in addition to the DVB EIT, as opposed to the OpenTV platform used on Sky.
New Zealand and Australia
In New Zealand, the same profile as in UK is used, with minor additions for the Maori language and its use of the guide key on certified Freeview receivers. The guide receiver key is used to activate the MHEG-5 programming guide; this however disables use of the more compatible and faster loading DVB EIT guide feature. In Australia, this guide practice was adopted for the phase 2 Freeview and VAST receivers referenced by the label Freeview EPG.
Hong Kong
In Hong Kong, TVB has also selected MHEG-5 for interactive services available on its digital-only channels.
Ireland
Ireland has selected MHEG-5 (v1.06) middleware for interactive services as a recommended feature of its Minimum Receiver Requirements for DTT in Ireland. The name for Ireland's free digital service is Saorview.
Class hierarchy
Note: You can download the PDF version of above image from http://mheg5.net/down/class.pdf.
See also
Hybrid Broadcast Broadband TV (HbbTV), an alternative technology used for interactive television services via broadcasting and broadband communication media in some European countries.
MediaHighway, a proprietary middleware for interactive television owned by NDS.
Multimedia Home Platform (MHP), an alternative technology used for interactive television services in some European countries.
References
External links
Interactive television
IEC standards
ISO standards
Hypermedia
Multimedia
Rüppell's weaver (Ploceus galbula) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae, which is native to the northern Afrotropics. The species is named after the German zoologist and explorer Eduard Rüppell (1794–1884).
Range
It is found from Sudan to Somalia and extreme northern Kenya. It is also found in the south-western Arabian Peninsula.
Habitat
In the mountains of Degua Tembien in north Ethiopia, it can be observed in bushy and shrubby areas.
Gallery
References
External links
Ruppell's Weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Rüppell's weaver
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Birds of the Arabian Peninsula
Rüppell's weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Teen Scene is an Australian television series which aired from 1964 to 1965 on the ABC. Produced in Melbourne, it was hosted by Johnny Chester. It was a half-hour music series aimed at teenagers. The series also featured a Hall of Fame segment, and regular bands were The Chessmen and The Thin Men.
References
External links
Teen Scene on IMDb
1964 Australian television series debuts
1965 Australian television series endings
Black-and-white Australian television shows
Australian music television series
English-language television shows
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Franz Drexler (2 May 1886 – 21 August 1917) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1910.
References
External links
1886 births
1917 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Aşağımüslümler is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
The 216th Division () was created in November 1949 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army, issued by Central Military Commission on November 1, 1948, basing on the 3rd Division, 1st Corps, 1st Army Group of the People's Liberation Army of the Nationalist Party of China. Its history can be traced to the 307th Division, 100th Corps, 1st Army Group of Republic of China Army defected in August 1948.
The division is part of 52nd Corps. Under the flag of 216th division it took part in the Chinese Civil War. The division was disbanded in October 1950.
References
Infantry divisions of the People's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in 1949
Military units and formations disestablished in 1950
Scotlesford Manor (also Scaldeford, 11th century; Scottesford, 13th century; Scotteford, 14th and 15th centuries) was a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
The manor can only be identified now with the Scotchells Brook, which rises by Apse and flows into the Eastern Yar just to the east of Alverstone, and two fields called Scottescombe on the west side of Batts Copse to the west of Shanklin Manor. The holding has evidently been absorbed into the surrounding manors. Originally it was held as an alod of the Confessor by two thegns, Savord and Osgot. At the time of Domesday Savord's portion was held by the king; Osgot's by William and Gozelin, sons of Azor. By the 13th century it had become attached to the manor of Wolverton in Bembridge, with which it was held by Robert de Glamorgan. It seems to have passed with it until 1431, but by the 16th century had ceased to exist as an independent holding.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
House at 65 Twentieth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1893 as a carriage house and converted to a summer residence in 1900. It remained as such until in 1946, when it was converted to its current status as a year-round residence.
It is a two-story, clapboard-sided building on a brick foundation with a gable roof and a cupola in the Late Victorian style.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1893
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
1893 establishments in New York (state)
"Good Times" (aka "Gonna Have a Good Time") is a song by the Easybeats which was released as a single in Australia 18 July 1968, and which appeared on their Vigil album with guest vocals by Steve Marriott of Small Faces. It was written by George Young and Harry Vanda.
When broadcast on BBC radio it was reputedly heard by Paul McCartney on his car radio; McCartney apparently rang the station immediately to request a repeat playing.
Notable cover versions
The Clingers
"Good Times" was recorded and released in 1969 as "Gonna Have a Good Time Tonight" by four Mormon sisters from Utah. The song was produced by Kim Fowley for Columbia Records but failed to chart. The Clingers are regarded as the first all female rock band that played their own instruments.
[reference re producer Kim Fowley https://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-clinger-sisters-mn0001789017 ]
[reference re 'First Girls of Rock 'n' Roll' https://www.amazon.com.au/Clinger-Sisters-First-Girl-Rock/dp/B00FKN1E5M ]
Shocking Blue
"Good Times" was covered by Dutch rock band Shocking Blue, on their eighth and final album released in 1974.
Quartz
The NWOBHM heavy metal band Quartz released a live cover version of this song on their 1980 released live album Live Quartz. In 2013 the band also released a studio version of the song on their self-produced compilation Back in the Band – Live and Revisited.
INXS & Jimmy Barnes
Australians INXS and Jimmy Barnes released a version in December 1986, which was engineered by Al Wright and appeared in the Joel Schumacher film The Lost Boys. This version reached number one in New Zealand and number two in Australia, as well as obtaining chart positions in both the US (where it peaked at number 47), Canada (number 74), and UK (where it peaked at number 18 in 1991). A video clip was produced featuring INXS and Jimmy Barnes performing the song, with scenes intercut from The Lost Boys. This version was also used to promote the national Australian Made series of concerts that took place between Boxing Day 1986 and Australia Day 1987.
Barnes later said, "We spent a day and a half in the studio. Michael Hutchence and myself didn't sleep the whole time we were there. It was a booze- and drug-fuelled couple of days."
Australian Idol 2004 cover
The song was performed on the Top 12 Results Show of the second season of Australian Idol in 2004. This version of the song was then released by the Top 10 finalists nearly four months after the live show. It was released as a one-track CD single and reached a peak of #53 on the ARIA singles chart.
Meat Loaf cover version
"Good Times" was covered by the American rock singer Meat Loaf on his 1995 album Welcome to the Neighbourhood. This new version, credited to Vanda/Young/Durkee/Loaf/Russo, was titled "Runnin' for the Red Light (I Got a Life)" and featured significantly different lyrics.
Hindu Love Gods cover version
Hindu Love Gods covered the song on a 1986 single, but under the title "Gonna Have a Good Time Tonight". The members of Hindu Love Gods were Mike Mills, Bill Berry and Peter Buck of R.E.M., Bryan Cook, and Warren Zevon. The 7" single was released on I.R.S. Records.
Jimmy Barnes featuring Keith Urban
Jimmy Barnes reprised the song on his 30:30 Hindsight release in 2014, with Keith Urban on guitar and vocals
Jessica Mauboy version
Jessica Mauboy covered the song on her 2016 album, The Secret Daughter: Songs from the Original TV Series.
Charts
The Easybeats version
INXS/Jimmy Barnes version
Year-end charts
Australian Idol version
References
1968 singles
INXS songs
1986 singles
The Easybeats songs
Jimmy Barnes songs
Songs written by Harry Vanda
Songs written by George Young (rock musician)
1967 songs
Parlophone singles
United Artists Records singles
Mushroom Records singles
Song recordings produced by Glyn Johns
Number-one singles in New Zealand
Frances Lorraine O'Grady (born 9 November 1959) is the General Secretary of the British Trades Union Congress (TUC), the first woman to hold the position.
Early life and family
O'Grady was born in Oxford, one of five siblings in a family of Irish descent, and was brought up in the Roman Catholic faith. Her father was a shop steward at the Leyland car plant in Cowley. She was educated at Milham Ford School, a grammar school which became comprehensive during her time there. At Manchester University, she earned a BA Hons in politics and modern history. She received a Diploma in Industrial Relations and Trade Union Studies at Middlesex Polytechnic.
She has two adult children, whom she raised as a working single parent, and currently lives in London.
Career
O'Grady worked for the Transport and General Workers' Union, where she opposed the abolition of the Agricultural Wages Board, and campaigned for a minimum wage. She became TUC Campaigns Secretary in 1994 and founded the TUC Organising Academy in 1997, a scheme aimed at supporting a younger and more representative group of workers to become labour movement organisers.
She became head of the TUC's organisation department in 1999, and was then elected as Deputy General Secretary in 2003.
She led on the establishment of the union learning organisation unionlearn, which came into being in 2006. Unionlearn works with employers, unions and government to help around 220,000 workers per year to improve basic skills and access lifelong learning.
She became TUC General Secretary in January 2013, succeeding Brendan Barber.
In 2013, in line with the TUC, she was among those who gave their support to the People's Assembly in a letter published by The Guardian newspaper.<ref>People's Assembly opening letter, The Guardian', 5 February 2013.</ref>
'
She has been a member of the Resolution Foundation's Commission on Living Standards, as well as serving on the TUC's Commission on Vulnerable Employment, the Low Pay Commission and the High Pay Commission. She has campaigned prominently during the referendum on EU membership, as the TUC registered for the remain side, particularly citing concerns around the impact on workers' rights and jobs in export led industries.
O'Grady has led a protest outside Bestway, Britain's largest family owned business. In February 2013 she was, as a result of her efforts, assessed as the 11th most powerful woman in Britain by Woman's Hour'' on BBC Radio 4.
She was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Bank of England in June 2019. In April 2022, O'Grady announced that she will leave her post as TUC's general secretary at the end of the year and her replacement will be elected in September.
References
External links
Official TUC page on Frances O'Grady
|-
1959 births
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Alumni of Middlesex University
English people of Irish descent
General Secretaries of the Trades Union Congress
British trade union leaders
Living people
People from Oxford
The 2002–03 William & Mary Tribe men's basketball team represented The College of William & Mary during the 2004–05 college basketball season. This was head coach Rick Boyages' third and final season at William & Mary. The Tribe competed in the Colonial Athletic Association and played their home games at Kaplan Arena. They finished the season 12–16, 7–11 in eighth place in CAA play and lost in the preliminary rounds of the 2003 CAA men's basketball tournament to Hofstra. They did not participate in any post-season tournaments.
References
William and Mary Tribe
William & Mary Tribe men's basketball seasons
William and Mary Tribe
William and Mary Tribe
Granuaile is a blend of Classical and Irish Folk Music written by Shaun Davey for singer Rita Connolly. It is based on the life and times of the 16th century Irish pirate queen Gráinne O'Mally, who was also known as Granuaile. The album was recorded using a 35-piece chamber orchestra joined by uilleann pipe soloist Liam O'Flynn, acoustic guitar, Irish harp and percussion, and special guest Donal Lunny on bouzouki.
Tracks
Dubhdarra
Ripples in the Rockpools
The Defence of Hen's Castle
Free and Easy
The Rescue of Hugh De lacy
Hen's March
Death of Richard-an-Iarainn (Intro)
Death of Richard an-Iarainn
Sir Richard Bingham
The Spanish Armada
The New Age
Musicians
Conductor : Gareth Hudson
Vocals : Rita Connolly
Uilleann Pipes : Liam O'Flynn
Des Moore : guitar
Helen Davies : concert and Irish harps
Noel Eccles : percussion
Carl Geraghty : saxes
Marian Doherty : harpsichord
Donal Lunny : bouzouki
References
Record Label Catalogue 2009
Album Sleevenotes
Album press release
1985 albums
Shaun Davey albums
Rita Connolly albums
Theippan Maung Wa ( ; 5 June 1899 – 6 June 1942) was a Burmese writer, and one of the pioneers of the Hkit San literary movement. The movement searched for a new style and content in Burmese literature before the Second World War starting with Hkit san ponbyin (Experimental Tales, 1934, 1938).
Early works
He started writing newspaper articles whilst still in high school assuming the pen name Waziya Tint. In 1919, he graduated from the Maha Buddhaghosa High School with distinctions in Burmese and Pali literature. Soon after he began his studies in Rangoon College in 1920, the first university student strike in the history of Burma broke out, and he left university to teach at the first of the National Schools that came into being, as an act of defiance against the colonial education system, until 1923. Sein Tin resumed his studies later and graduated B.A. Hons. with distinctions in Burmese in 1927, the first student in Burmese history to do so.
Theippan Kyaungtha Maung Mya Thwin (Science Student Maung Mya Thwin) was the pen name he used in the Campus magazine and in the Ganda Lawka magazine established by J S Furnivall where the Hkit San movement joined by such writers as Zawgyi and Min Thu Wun began to take shape. He then started to write under the name Theippan Maung Wa in the Dagon magazine published by Ledi Pandita U Maung Gyi and the Kyipwayay (Growth) magazine published by U Hla; both of these became a platform for the Hkit San movement. He also wrote plays in the Kyipwayay assuming a woman's name, Tint Tint, besides literary critiques and other articles.
Civil servant and writer
Sein Tin went on to Christ Church of Oxford University to study for the Indian Civil Service exam and on his return from Britain in 1929, served as a district officer in rural Burma during the colonial period. He wrote a series of small sketches based on his observations of rural life, many of which were critical of political and economic institutions, both colonial and indigenous, such as the following examples.
Pyissandarit (The Backwaters or Limbo, 1933 Ganda Lawka) was a glimpse at life in a small Burmese fishing village before World War II. It depicts the harsh circumstances in the village and the petty feuds that arose among its inhabitants.
Leilan Pwè (The Auction, 1933 Ganda Lawka) took place during the colonial period. The story is a depiction and implicit critique of a fishery auction, a Western economic institution not particularly well-suited to the Burmese as the story shows.
Ma-yway Mi (Eve of Election, 1932) took place before World War II during the colonial period. It describes the political factionalism that was arising among Burmese politicians even at this early date and which would only increase in post-independence Burma.
A collection of 36 of these short stories, published between 1929 and 1941 mostly in Ganda Lawka, became prescribed school text in the 1960s published by Sarpay Beikman Books. His letters to Kyipwayay U Hla between 1933 and 1942 were published by the latter, subsequently known as Ludu U Hla, 3 decades later. U Hla also published Tint Tint Pyazat (Plays by Tint Tint); he had been instrumental in the search for and the eventual publication of Sit Atwin Neizin Hmattan (War Diary) in 1966.
Legacy
Theippan Maung Wa was killed by armed robbers near Shwebo during the Japanese invasion in 1942 on the day after his 43rd birthday.
References
External links
Innwa by Theippan Maung Wa (Ganda Lawka Magazine 1931) inc. audio
Marriage by Theippan Maung Wa (Dagon Magazine August 1933)
20th-century Burmese writers
1899 births
1942 deaths
University of Yangon alumni
People from Mawlamyine
People from Mon State
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Burmese murder victims
Male murder victims
People murdered in Myanmar
The Boake Gates (officially Boake Memorial Gates) at Royal College Colombo are three entrances to the main building along Rajakeeya Mawatha in Colombo. Erected in 1938, the gates stand as a symbol for the college's traditions and culture.
The gates were built in memory of Rev. Dr. Barcroft Boake, who served as headmaster of the Colombo Academy, the forerunner to the Royal College Colombo from 1842 to 1870. His son Rev W. H. Boake bequeath £250 in his will to the Lord Bishop of Colombo to be used at Royal College in the memory of his father. This money was used to build a set of wrought iron gates which were named the Boake Memorial Gates, replacing the wooden gates that had been installed when the new Royal College building was built in 1923.
The gates were made under the supervision of Kenneth de Kretser, CMG; the Director of Public Works and they were designed by Wynne Jones. The opening ceremony was held on January 13, 1938 by Miss Carpenter-Garnier the sister of the Bishop of Colombo, who was in fact due to open the gates however had fallen ill.
The gates are made of wrought iron, with brick piers. There are three sets of gates with each larger main gates flanked by two smaller side gates. The main gates are adorned with the pre-1954 crest of the college. One of sides of the gates include inscriptions in memory of Rev. Boake. The side gates remain open throughout the year, while the center gates remain closed except for rare occasions. The school's War Memorial is located between the center gates and the main entrance of the College Main Hall.
See also
Royal College Colombo
Van Wickle Gates
References
Royal College, Colombo
Sciaphila debiliana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Australia.
Tortricinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1863
Michael A. Battle (born October 15, 1955) is an American attorney who served as the director of the Executive Office for United States Attorneys in the United States Department of Justice until he resigned, effective March 16, 2007. He was the person who informed seven United States Attorneys on December 7, 2006 that they were being dismissed.
Early life and education
Battle was born and raised in New York City. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ithaca College in 1977 and a Juris Doctor from the University at Buffalo Law School in 1981.
Career
From 1985 to 1992, he was an assistant U.S. attorney in Buffalo, New York, where he served in the General Criminal Division, the Civil Division, and on the Organized Crime and Drug Enforcement Task Force. Following his admission to the New York bar, he worked as a staff attorney with the Legal Aid Society Civil Division. In 1992, he helped to establish the Rochester and Buffalo Federal Public Defender's Offices, where he served until 1995. In June 1996, he was appointed by Governor George Pataki to serve as a judge on the Erie County, New York Family Court and was elected the following November to a full 10-year term. From 1995 to 1996, he served as assistant in charge of the Buffalo office of the New York State Attorney General.
From January 2002 to May 2005, Battle served as the United States attorney for the Western District of New York.
Benamar Benatta
During his time as U.S. Attorney for the Western District of New York, Battle was responsible for the case of Benamar Benatta. Benatta was held without trial for five years following his forcible rendition from Canada on September 12, 2001. That November, the FBI concluded that Benatta was innocent; however, according to federal Magistrate Judge H. Kenneth Schroeder Jr, Battle then conspired with the FBI and immigration agents in a "sham" to make it appear that Benatta was being held for immigration violations.
In October 2003, when Battle announced he was dropping charges, a Buffalo reporter asked whether he planned to apologize to Benatta. Battle responded, "I'm not going to address that." Benatta was finally released in 2006, five years after having been cleared in November 2001.
Battle was then promoted by the White House. The Los Angeles Times reported that Benatta had been held for a total of 1,780 days, which gave him the distinction of being held on jail without charge longer than any other suspect in the U.S.
Executive Office for the United States Attorneys
Battle began his service as director of the Executive Office for United States Attorneys (EOUSA) at the United States Department of Justice on June 6, 2005. He was involved the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy, as he was the Justice Department official who, on December 7, 2006, informed seven U.S. attorneys that they were being dismissed. Just as publicity was heating up, and Congress began issuing subpoenas, he resigned on March 5, 2007, effective March 16.
Private practice
Battle is a senior partner at Schlam Stone & Dolan LLP in New York, focusing on commercial litigation, white-collar criminal defense, and appeals.
References
External links
Michael A. Battle Official Biography
1955 births
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
African-American lawyers
Assistant United States Attorneys
Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy
Ithaca College alumni
Lawyers from New York City
United States Attorneys for the Western District of New York
United States Department of Justice lawyers
University at Buffalo Law School alumni
Rosalind Jane Brett (born 12 March 1979) is an English former competition swimmer.
Swimming career
She represented Great Britain in the Olympics, FINA world championships and European championships, and England in the Commonwealth Games, winning seven medals in freestyle and medley relay events in international competition.
Brett represented Great Britain at the 2000 and 2004 Olympic Games in the relay events. She represented England at the 2002 and 2006 Commonwealth Games, winning silver medals on both occasions in the women's 4×100-metre freestyle relay.
She won the 1996 British Championship in 50 metres freestyle and was twice winner of the 100 metres freestyle (2001 and 2006).
See also
List of British records in swimming
References
External links
British Swimming athlete profile
1979 births
Living people
English female swimmers
English female freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Sportspeople from King's Lynn
Donald Howard Wollett (July 5, 1919 – September 23, 2014) was an American college professor, baseball salary arbitrator, and author.
Personal life
He was born in Muscatine, Iowa and died in Freeland, Washington. He attended Bradley University, the University of Chicago and Indiana University. He served in the United States Navy during World War II.
Professional life
Starting in the 1940s, he worked for the University of Washington. In 1959, he took a position to work at the New York School of Law. From 1978 to 1990, he taught at the McGeorge School of Law. He also worked at Louisiana State University, University of California and Harvard Law School.
Wollett wrote and contributed to many books. With co-author Benjamin Aaron in 1960, he published Labor Relations and the Law. Wollett wrote the 2008 book Getting on Base: Unionism in Baseball and the 2013 book Dog Law (with Susan Crowell). In 2014, he published The Peculiar Business of Labor Law and Thoughts, also with Crowell.
He was considered "he only person left who's pushing for a minor-league union" in 2012. He made the headlines later in life after publicly criticizing the Department of Veterans Affairs for rejecting him a pension for his service during World War II.
References
1919 births
2014 deaths
Louisiana State University faculty
University of Washington faculty
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Bradley University alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Indiana University alumni
University of California faculty
Harvard Law School faculty
Richard Dull (born c. 1945) is an American former athletic director and athlete. He served as the athletic director of the University of Maryland from 1981 to 1986, including during the death of Len Bias, which prompted Dull's resignation. He has also been athletic director at the University of Nebraska at Kearney, Moravian College, California State University, Northridge, and Belmont Abbey College.
Early life and college
Dull attended Biglerville High School in Biglerville, Pennsylvania, where he played basketball and competed in track and field in the javelin throw event. As a sophomore, he won the state championship. He suffered a serious injury to his elbow ligament, but recovered and finished as a runner-up in the state championship during his senior year in 1963. As of 2008, he still held the school's record at 198 feet and 6 inches.
Dull attended college at the University of Maryland, where he continued competing in the javelin throw at the intercollegiate level. As a senior in 1966, he won the Atlantic Coast Conference championship in the event at 223 feet and 3.5 inches. That year, he also placed in the top-ten in the NCAA event.
Athletic director
Maryland
After receiving a Juris Doctor degree, he took a pay cut from $22,000 to $8,500 and became an assistant ticket manager at his alma mater. He rose through the ranks of the Maryland athletic department and became athletic director in 1981, succeeding Jim Kehoe. In January 1982, Dull hired Bobby Ross to succeed Jerry Claiborne as the school's head football coach. The hire was somewhat surprising as Ross, then an assistant coach for the Kansas City Chiefs, was not a high-profile coach. Ross described himself as a "no name". Nevertheless, Maryland had great success under Ross, and quarterback Boomer Esiason excelled in his pro-style offense.
During Dull's tenure, the Maryland football and men's basketball teams both secured ACC championships, and the women's basketball team advanced to the Final Four. Dull was serving as athletic director when Maryland basketball star Len Bias died from a cocaine-induced heart attack in 1986. He resigned his post on November 4 citing the incident. He agreed to remain on the staff for one year as an athletic and policy advisor.
After Maryland
Bias' death and the controversy it created affected Dull. The Baltimore Sun called Dull "one of the rising stars" in his profession at the time of the incident. Dull later said, "I survived it. No one can ever bring Len Bias back, and that I regret. He was a wonderful young man." In 1987, the University of Texas at El Paso offered Dull a job as its athletic director, but he eventually declined the offer. In the decade following Bias' death, Dull worked in real estate, consulting, and lived off of his savings. In two years during that period, he earned less than $7,500, which was less than required to file an income tax return. He said, "I could not get a job interview (in athletics) for 10 years."
In 1996, he was a candidate for athletic director at Radford University. That year, he was hired as the athletic director at the University of Nebraska at Kearney, a Division II school. In 1999 while the athletic director at Moravian College, he was hired by California State University, Northridge, his first Division I athletic director job since Maryland. The hiring was controversial, and some members of the university's advisory board demanded it be reviewed and overturned. In 2001, Northridge dropped its football program on Dull's recommendation to the Board of Trustees. He stepped down in 2005.
Dull eventually retired, but returned to his work as the athletic director of Belmont Abbey College in June 2007. In 2008, he established an athletic hall of fame at the school. In August 2009, Dull resigned from Belmont Abbey with a statement that he had been hired for a transition to a full-time athletic director and that the transition period had elapsed.
References
Year of birth uncertain
1940s births
Living people
American male javelin throwers
Belmont Abbey Crusaders athletic directors
Cal State Northridge Matadors athletic directors
Maryland Terrapins men's track and field athletes
Maryland Terrapins athletic directors
Moravian Greyhounds athletic directors
Nebraska–Kearney Lopers athletic directors
College men's track and field athletes in the United States
People from Adams County, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Pennsylvania
Sri Lanka Ecotourism Foundation (abbreviated SLEF) is a national association of Sri Lanka that aims to create a wide network of ecotourism actors throughout the country. The organization focuses on developing the economic and social development of rural communities through tourism.
SLEF supports local communities to take part in community based tourism and conservation projects. The organization has been founded in 1998 by Palitha Gurusinghe, who is a member of Advisory Board of The International Ecotourism Society and a famous presenter in Ecotourism and Community Based Tourism.
Objectives
Sri Lanka Ecotourism Foundation aims to use tourism as a tool to support the social and economic development or rural communities throughout Sri Lanka. The foundation has been leading poverty alleviation programs through ecotourism and is motivating local communities to take part in community based ecotourism and nature conservation projects.
The main objective of SLEF is the promotion of a sustainable form of tourism within Sri Lanka in order to position the country as one of the best ecotourism destinations in South Asia. To do so, the foundation urges on community and private sector participation, infrastructure improvements and regional cooperation.
According to SLEF, ecotourism could limit environmental degradation while promoting cooperation between private and public sectors in Sri Lanka. Ecotourism is also viewed as a way to reduce poverty in the tourism generating areas of the island, contribute to economic growth, raise employment and allow the promotion of natural and cultural sites conservation.
Projects
Sri Lanka Ecotourism Foundation is currently leading several communities based ecotourism projects throughout Sri Lanka. The foundation provides tours within its ecotourism network through its company Sri Lanka Ecotours.
SLEF is promoting community based ecolodges and has launched an ecolodge project in order to educate those who are planning to build this type of tourist accommodation in or around protected areas, for them to do so with a minimum impact on the environment.
SLEF is also addressing the climate change issues while promoting sustainable energies. The foundation supports small and medium scale Sri Lankan entrepreneurs in Capacity Building/Training on renewable energy systems, with an emphasis on the solar energy.
SLEF is providing a compilation of Eco-labeling, Accreditation and Certification Programmes for Small and Medium Enterprises within the Tourism Sector in Sri Lanka. The foundation is leading training programmes to educate enterprises about Community Camping, Renewable Energy Sources, Forests and Wildlife, Ecolodges and Community Based Ecotourism Projects in Sri Lanka.
Awards and Recognition
SLEF has been awarded the 2010 presidential award for “Outstanding Contribution for Tourism in Sri Lanka”, giving the foundation a great national recognition.
SLEF has received two awards during the Sri Lanka Tourism Awards 2012: Best Model Community Based Tourism Project, and Best Initiative for Ecotourism Research, Training and Education. Thus, SLEF became the first Sri Lankan ecotourism organization to be granted such a national recognition. Sri Lanka Tourism Awards reward organizations and individuals for their efforts to strengthen and empower the Sri Lankan tourism industry.
References
Ecotourism
Environmental organisations based in Sri Lanka
Tourism in Sri Lanka
Nympsfield Long Barrow is the remains of a Neolithic burial site or barrow, located close to the village of Nympsfield in Gloucestershire, South West England.
It lies at the edge of a wood, and is now the location of a picnic site. It is one of the earliest examples of a barrow with separate chambers. It was constructed around 2800 BCE.
It is a Scheduled Monument (number 22857) in the guardianship of English Heritage.
Many of the finds from excavations at this site are now in the Gloucester City Museum.
Location
Nympsfield Long Barrow is sited to the southeast of the B4066 road, around southwest of Stroud, and approximately west of Cirencester within Coaley Peak Country Park. The tumulus is no longer visible. In common with other barrows in the area it lies on the edge of a scarp of Jurassic oolitic (egg stone) limestone.
Layout
The barrow is in size and overall trapezoidal in shape. There is evidence of curving walls behind the east entrance, which leads into a square forecourt area, opening onto a central passage. Three chambers lead off this passage, two larger chambers to either side and one small one to the end, divided off by constricting stones to restrict access. A small part of the north chamber was separated off to form a cist. The long axis of the barrow is orientated in a southeast to northwest direction.
History of excavation
The barrow has been excavated on three separate occasions, in 1862 by Buckman with the Cotteswold Naturalist's Field Club, in 1937 by E. M. Clifford and in 1974 by A. Saville. Twenty three bodies were discovered within the site. The remains of cremated children were placed in a separate cist. It was noted that the majority had common medical problems including infections in the mouth and gums, and abscesses. It is believed that, following interment, the bodies were left for a predetermined length of time, before a specific event took place, where the tomb was sealed over permanently. Haematite was found in the mound, possibly used as face-paint to make the dead appear alive.
The digs uncovered the remains of fires, and pig bones, within the forecourt, indicating that ritualized meals were eaten, during burial ceremonies. Some dog bones were also uncovered on the site, but it is uncertain whether they age back to the original site, or from a later date. At the time of the first excavation, Nympsfield was thought to be unique in being the only chambered barrow in which bones from birds had been discovered, although several other such sites have now been discovered, such as the Tomb of the Eagles in the Orkney Islands.
A leaf-shaped arrow-head and shards of pottery were also discovered. Two reconstructed vessels, a bowl and a necked jar, have been attributed to Ebbsfleet ware. Quartz pebbles were noted amongst the blocking deposits at both ends of the mound. This is a common feature of many long barrows in the Cotswold-Severn Group, in north Wales and northern and central Ireland and is thought to have a symbolic meaning.
Nympsfield Long Barrow is part of the Cotswold–Severn group of monuments. It is similar in layout to the chambered tombs of Uley and Notgrove. It lies close to the so-called "Soldier's Grave" round barrow. The site was also occupied in both the Iron Age and Roman times.
References
External links
History and Research on Nympsfield barrow—English Heritage
Archaeological sites in Gloucestershire
Barrows in England
English Heritage sites in Gloucestershire
Stone Age Britain
Mary Lou Belli is an American television director and author.
Career
Belli attended Penn State where she received a Bachelor's degree. For many years she acted in musical theatre and soap operas in New York City, followed by a Los Angeles career producing and directing theatre with over 75 play productions to her name.
Belli made her television directorial debut on episode of Charles in Charge in 1988. Her other television credits include, Major Dad, USA High, Sister, Sister, One World, The Hughleys, One on One, Abby, Eve, Girlfriends, Monk, Living with Fran, The Game, Reed Between the Lines and Wizards of Waverly Place.
Belli has co-authored of two books: The Sitcom Career Book (2004) with director Phil Ramuno and foreword by actor Henry Winkler and The Sitcom Career Book and Acting for Young Actors (2006) with actress Dinah Lenney and foreword by actor Jason Ritter. She has also been a judge for the Miss America Outstanding Teen Pageant, a lecturer at the Chautauqua Institute, and a panelist for Women in Film, the Directors Guild of America, Screen Actors Guild, and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists. She has judged the California Independent Film Festival, the Sapporo Short Film Festival in Japan, and CSU Media Arts Fest.
Awards
Among the awards she has won is from Mayor Tom Bradley for her work with abused children. She has lectured frequently throughout the United States including many universities such as AFI, New York University, Northwestern University, and University of Connecticut.
In 2022, Belli received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for her work on The Ms. Pat Show.
Personal life
Belli currently lives in Los Angeles with her husband and two teenage children, who are both actors. She is the aunt of notable drag queen and actor Willam Belli.
References
External links
Mary Lou Belli video interview at Interviewing Hollywood.com
Acting For Young Actors website
American television directors
American women writers
American women television directors
Living people
Penn State College of Arts and Architecture alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sarvelayat () may refer to:
Sarvelayat District
Sarvelayat Rural District
Paunzhausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freising (district)
A lanterne is a cinquain form of poetry, in which the first line has one syllable and each subsequent line increases in length by one syllable, except for the final line that concludes the poem with one syllable. Its name derives from the lantern shape that appears when the poem is aligned to the center of the page.
Each line of the lanterne is able to stand on its own, and while the poem may or may not be given a title, the title of a lanterne sometimes functions as an integral part of the poem, working as a 'sixth' line.
See also
Concrete Poetry / i.e. Shape poems
References
External links
Examples of lanterne poetic form
Stanzaic form
Graphic poetry
Poetic forms
Juan Holgado (born 16 April 1968) is a Spanish archer and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where he won a gold medal with the Spanish archery team, together with teammates Antonio Vázquez and Alfonso Menéndez.
References
1968 births
Living people
Spanish male archers
Olympic archers of Spain
Archers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Spain
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Montvoie Castle is a castle in the municipality of Clos du Doubs of the Canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Jura
Castles in the canton of Jura
George Shelby may refer to:
George Shelby, character in Uncle Tom's Cabin
George Shelby (musician) on Santamental album
Events in the year 1897 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
Sucreries Raffineries Bulgares became active in the country.
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Caguana is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,009.
Geography
Caguana is situated at an elevation of south of Santa Rosa in Utuado, Puerto Rico. It has an area of of which is water.
History
It is one of the few municipalities of Puerto Rico to have an ancient area for Mesoamerican ballgames, called Batéy games, in the Caribbean. The Caguana Ceremonial Ball Courts Site in Utuado preserves the site where the Taíno people lived. The Tanamá River goes through Caguana, Utuado.
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Caguana barrio was 2,555.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Imma lyrifera is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is found on New Guinea and Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is 18–19 mm. The forewings are fuscous purple, suffused with blue towards the costa and the markings orange. There are short costal and median streaks from the base and an irregular rather outwards-curved streak from the middle of the costa to three-fourths of the dorsum, dilated on the costa, interrupted in the middle and near the dorsum. A series of eight or nine interneural dashes is found between this and the following streak, but mostly not reaching either. There is a terminal streak, wide on the costa and attenuated to the tornus, the anterior edge concave, enclosing a blackish striga from the costa. The hindwings are hyaline (glass like), with the veins blackish grey and with a moderately broad rather dark grey band along the costa and a moderate blackish-grey terminal fascia, becoming abruptly very narrow near the tornus.
References
Moths described in 1910
Immidae
Moths of New Guinea
Moths of Australia
U Nu Mohamad Kassim, better known as Saya Gyi U Nu, or U Nu (; , July 17, 1762 – 1822), was a leading Burmese Muslim writer during the reign of King Bodawpaya. He combined words and terms from Burmese religious literature with poetic writing and Islamic ideas to produce books which are regarded as classics of Burmese Muslim literature. Bodawpaya appointed him to head a mission to India, to retrieve books and scriptures in Sanskrit, Hindi, Urdu, and Persian. Nu was appointed the Mayor of Yammar Wati (now Ramree Island) with the title Shwe Taung Thargathu, which means "Hero of the Ocean".
Early life
Nu was born in Shwebo on 17 July 1762, during the reign of King Naungdawgyi of the Konbaung Dynasty.
His father, Sheik Darwood, and mother, Daw Nyein were from the Taung Baloo quarters in Ava. He studied Burmese Classic literature, history and astrology at the Ava Nan Oo Phonegyi Kyaung, and was a friend of the prince Bodawpaya since they were seven years old. At 19 years old, he followed his father to Rangoon, in lower Burma, where he studied Islamic literature, Arabic Urdu and Persian from Syed Mohamad of Syria. Nu became fluent in the Pali, Thekkata, Hindi and Dekkani languages.
Career
He became an Imam (Islamic religious leader).
He translated a book and named in Burmese Islamic book in Eleven Chapters from Arabic to Burmese when he was 29 years old. as part of his Fard. When he was 32, he finished translation into Burmese and named the Islamic book in Three Chapters which he emphasized Islamic belief and basic concepts that Muslims should accept.
When he was 50, he wrote Islamic book in Six Chapters. In 1814, he wrote Analysis of Philosophy (Panyat Khwetan) in 16 paragram poems.
He finished the Saerajay Sharaei in 35 Chapters (Light of Islam) which addressed various topics in Islam. The 35 Chapters book was later published in 1929 and reprinted in 1931 under the title Guardian of the Burmese-Muslim Race Oopanisha scripture. The slogan, “If the wrongs prevail, the Rightful path will disappear” was published in Burmese and Arabic. He later wrote Disciplinary teachings in Seven-Paragraph Poems as an appendix to the 35 Chapters Book.
He wrote ”Royal Report Book” in response to Bowdapaya's query about the various religions, including Islam.
He also wrote the Golden book on Miraj (المعراج) (the Ascension to the Seven Heavens during the Night Journey).
On 30 November 1805, Nu went to Bengal for trading. He exported Areca nut or Betel nut through Hantharwaddy port of lower Burma and four towns in Arakan. Later he went to Arakan directly from Ava and based on that trip he wrote a poem with 55 Para.
On 12 February 1807, Bodawpaya sent him to Bengal to retrieve religious, medical and other books. Nu was accompanied by Mindon and Shew Taung Thiri Sith U Myae. The diplomatic group brought back various books, scriptures and presents from King Thargara and King Bayanathi. After the trip, Nu was appointed the Mayor of Yammar Wati (now Ramree Island) with the title Shwe Taung Thargathu, which means "Hero of the Ocean". Nu wrote “Diary on Bengal trip written as a poem.”
On 12 October 1808, Bodawpaya sent Nu to India to draw the map of the surrounding area, and to bring back more Buddhist Scriptures. Nu's expedition team included Indians who had come to Ava. After traveling to places all over India, the expedition returned to Sagaing on 18 May 1810, with books, scriptures, various memorabilia and presents.
Nu and the team were also sent as spies disguised as the persons searching for the books and scriptures. They also built a rapport with some of the city-state kings in India, some of them sent some presents and requested the Burmese Army's help to repel the British. U Nu was sent again as a spy to India by Bagyidaw who succeeded Bodawpaya.
King Bodawpaya recognized him as a poet and also appointed him as the Royal Customs Officer and Royal Purchasing Officer.
He had informed the Majesty about the Colonial British and their methods to colonize a country, behaviour, customs, etc. 80 years before Thibaw Min was overthrown and exiled to Ratnagiri, India.
With the help of Nu's Bengal information, Bodawpaya was able to capture the western kingdom of Rakhine, which had been largely independent since the fall of Bagan, in 1784. Bodawpaya also formally annexed Manipur, a rebellion-prone protectorate, in 1813.
U Nu served King Bodawpaya in Link Zin Kone, Amarapura, where he read and wrote articles, poems and books. After Bodawpaya's death in 1819, Nu remained at Amarapura until he died in 1822. He was buried near Taung Thaman In (Lake) in Amarapura.
Personal life
When Nu was 26, he returned to the capital of Nay Pyidaw, and married Ma Mae Ma Marium, who was from Ava, and was the daughter of Thwe Thaukkyi U Thar Dun Sheik Ali. They had a son, Sheik Abdul Kareem Maung Maung Pye, and two daughters: Noor Neza Ma Myat Hla and Khairulneza Ma Myat Htut.
Books
Nu had written and/or translated over sixty books, nine of which were notably published. This is a listing of some of Nu's books and poems:
Islamic book in Eleven Chapters
Islamic book in Three Chapters
Diary on Bengal trip
Saerajay Sharaei in 35 Chapters - also known as 35 Chapters book (reprinted 1929) and Guardian of the Burmese-Muslim Race oopanisha scripture (1931)
Disciplinary teachings in Seven-Paragraph Poems
Royal Report Book
Golden book on Miraj
Works cited
See also
Islam in Myanmar
Notes
References
Burmese politicians
1762 births
1822 deaths
Burmese Muslims
Burmese male poets
Burmese writers
19th-century Burmese poets
19th-century male writers
In complex analysis, a Padé table is an array, possibly of infinite extent, of the rational Padé approximants
Rm, n
to a given complex formal power series. Certain sequences of approximants lying within a Padé table can often be shown to correspond with successive convergents of a continued fraction representation of a holomorphic or meromorphic function.
History
Although earlier mathematicians had obtained sporadic results involving sequences of rational approximations to transcendental functions, Frobenius (in 1881) was apparently the first to organize the approximants in the form of a table. Henri Padé further expanded this notion in his doctoral thesis Sur la representation approchee d'une fonction par des fractions rationelles, in 1892. Over the ensuing 16 years Padé published 28 additional papers exploring the properties of his table, and relating the table to analytic continued fractions.
Modern interest in Padé tables was revived by H. S. Wall and Oskar Perron, who were primarily interested in the connections between the tables and certain classes of continued fractions. Daniel Shanks and Peter Wynn published influential papers about 1955, and W. B. Gragg obtained far-reaching convergence results during the '70s. More recently, the widespread use of electronic computers has stimulated a great deal of additional interest in the subject.
Notation
A function f(z) is represented by a formal power series:
where c0 ≠ 0, by convention. The (m, n)th entry Rm, n in the Padé table for f(z) is then given by
where Pm(z) and Qn(z) are polynomials of degrees not more than m and n, respectively. The coefficients {ai} and {bi} can always be found by considering the expression
and equating coefficients of like powers of z up through m + n. For the coefficients of powers m + 1 to m + n, the right hand side is 0 and the resulting system of linear equations contains a homogeneous system of n equations in the n + 1 unknowns bi, and so admits of infinitely many solutions each of which determines a possible Qn. Pm is then easily found by equating the first m coefficients of the equation above. However, it can be shown that, due to cancellation, the generated rational functions Rm, n are all the same, so that the (m, n)th entry in the Padé table is unique. Alternatively, we may require that b0 = 1, thus putting the table in a standard form.
Although the entries in the Padé table can always be generated by solving this system of equations, that approach is computationally expensive. Usage of the Padé table has been extended to meromorphic functions by newer, timesaving methods such as the epsilon algorithm.
The block theorem and normal approximants
Because of the way the (m, n)th approximant is constructed, the difference
Qn(z)f(z) − Pm(z)
is a power series whose first term is of degree no less than
m + n + 1.
If the first term of that difference is of degree
m + n + r + 1, r > 0,
then the rational function Rm, n occupies
(r + 1)2
cells in the Padé table, from position (m, n) through position (m+r, n+r), inclusive. In other words, if the same rational function appears more than once in the table, that rational function occupies a square block of cells within the table. This result is known as the block theorem.
If a particular rational function occurs exactly once in the Padé table, it is called a normal approximant to f(z). If every entry in the complete Padé table is normal, the table itself is said to be normal. Normal Padé approximants can be characterized using determinants of the coefficients cn in the Taylor series expansion of f(z), as follows. Define the (m, n)th determinant by
with Dm,0 = 1, Dm,1 = cm, and ck = 0 for k < 0. Then
the (m, n)th approximant to f(z) is normal if and only if none of the four determinants Dm,n−1, Dm,n, Dm+1,n, and Dm+1,n+1 vanish; and
the Padé table is normal if and only if none of the determinants Dm,n are equal to zero (note in particular that this means none of the coefficients ck in the series representation of f(z) can be zero).
Connection with continued fractions
One of the most important forms in which an analytic continued fraction can appear is as a regular continued fraction, which is a continued fraction of the form
where the ai ≠ 0 are complex constants, and z is a complex variable.
There is an intimate connection between regular continued fractions and Padé tables with normal approximants along the main diagonal: the "stairstep" sequence of Padé approximants R0,0, R1,0, R1,1, R2,1, R2,2, … is normal if and only if that sequence coincides with the successive convergents of a regular continued fraction. In other words, if the Padé table is normal along the main diagonal, it can be used to construct a regular continued fraction, and if a regular continued fraction representation for the function f(z) exists, then the main diagonal of the Padé table representing f(z) is normal.
An example – the exponential function
Here is an example of a Padé table, for the exponential function.
Several features are immediately apparent.
The first column of the table consists of the successive truncations of the Taylor series for ez.
Similarly, the first row contains the reciprocals of successive truncations of the series expansion of e−z.
The approximants Rm,n and Rn,m are quite symmetrical – the numerators and denominators are interchanged, and the patterns of plus and minus signs are different, but the same coefficients appear in both of these approximants. In fact, using the notation of generalized hypergeometric series,
Computations involving the Rn,n (on the main diagonal) can be done quite efficiently. For example, R3,3 reproduces the power series for the exponential function perfectly up through 1/720 z6, but because of the symmetry of the two cubic polynomials, a very fast evaluation algorithm can be devised.
The procedure used to derive Gauss's continued fraction can be applied to a certain confluent hypergeometric series to derive the following C-fraction expansion for the exponential function, valid throughout the entire complex plane:
By applying the fundamental recurrence formulas one may easily verify that the successive convergents of this C-fraction are the stairstep sequence of Padé approximants R0,0, R1,0, R1,1, … In this particular case a closely related continued fraction can be obtained from the identity
that continued fraction looks like this:
This fraction's successive convergents also appear in the Padé table, and form the sequence R0,0, R0,1, R1,1, R1,2, R2,2, …
Generalizations
A formal Newton series L is of the form
where the sequence {βk} of points in the complex plane is known as the set of interpolation points. A sequence of rational approximants Rm,n can be formed for such a series L in a manner entirely analogous to the procedure described above, and the approximants can be arranged in a Newton-Padé table. It has been shown that some "staircase" sequences in the Newton-Padé table correspond with the successive convergents of a Thiele-type continued fraction, which is of the form
Mathematicians have also constructed two-point Padé tables by considering two series, one in powers of z, the other in powers of 1/z, which alternately represent the function f(z) in a neighborhood of zero and in a neighborhood of infinity.
See also
Shanks transformation
Notes
References
(This is a reprint of the volume originally published by D. Van Nostrand Company, Inc., in 1948.)
Continued fractions
Numerical analysis
Hirokawa Bosai Dam is a rockfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 9.4 km2. The dam impounds about 12 ha of land when full and can store 990 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1972.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1972 establishments in Japan
Hidra is a former municipality that was located in the old Vest-Agder county in Norway. The municipality existed from 1893 until its dissolution in 1965. It encompassed the islands and southern coastal part of the present-day municipality of Flekkefjord in what is now Agder county. The municipality included the islands of Hidra and Andabeløya as well as 56 other islands, plus the mainland coast from Abelsnes to the river Sira. The administrative centre was the village of Kirkehavn where Hidra Church is located.
Hidra was home to Olav Omland (1909–1998), a landscape and coastal painter. He was also a poet and songwriter, and composed the song about Hidra "Hidrasangen". Hidra was also home to the eccentric personality and artist Tatjana Lars Kristian Guldbrandsen.
Name
The Old Norse form of the name was . The name is probably derived from a word with the meaning "split" or "cleft" (referring to the fact that the island is almost split in two by the Rasvåg fjord). Prior to 1918, the name was spelled Hitterø.
History
The parish of Nes og Hitterø was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt law). However, on 8 October 1893, this municipality was split into two municipalities: Hitterø (population: 2,075) and Nes (population: 1,704). During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1965, Hidra municipality (formerly called Hitterø) was merged with the municipalities of Nes, Gyland, most of Bakke, and the town of Flekkefjord to form the new municipality of Flekkefjord. Prior to the merger, Hidra had a population of 1,277.
Government
All municipalities in Norway, including Hidra, are responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, unemployment and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads. The municipality was governed by a municipal council of elected representatives, which in turn elected a mayor.
Municipal council
The municipal council of Hidra was made up of representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
Flekkefjord
Former municipalities of Norway
1893 establishments in Norway
1965 disestablishments in Norway
Taranath Tantrik is a Bengali horror web series streaming on Bengali OTT platform hoichoi. Bibhutibhushan wrote two short stories about the character of necromancer and Hindu esoteric occult practitioner Taranath Tantrik. It is directed by Qaushiq Mukherjee who also known as Q.
Cast
Jayant Kripalani
Koushik Roy
Satrajit Sarkar
Joyraj Bhattacharya
Sweta Chaudhuri
Uma Banerjee
Geetanjali Dang
Episodes
Season 1 (2019)
The series first started streaming on the OTT platform on 18 January 2019 with 10 episodes.
Episodes
References
External links
Indian web series
2019 web series debuts
Bengali-language web series
Hoichoi original programming
Virgo is one of the constellations of the zodiac. Its name is Latin for maiden, and its old astronomical symbol is (♍︎). Lying between Leo to the west and Libra to the east, it is the second-largest constellation in the sky (after Hydra) and the largest constellation in the zodiac. The ecliptic intersects the celestial equator within this constellation and Pisces. Underlying these technical two definitions, the sun passes directly overhead of the equator, within this constellation, at the September equinox. Virgo can be easily found through its brightest star, Spica.
Location
Virgo is prominent in the spring sky in the northern hemisphere, visible all night in March and April. As the largest zodiac constellation, the Sun takes 44 days to pass through it, longer than any other. From 1990 and until 2062, this will take place from September 16 to October 30. It is located in the third quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ3) and can be seen at latitudes between +80° and -80°.
The bright star Spica makes it easy to locate Virgo, as it can be found by following the curve of the Big Dipper/Plough to Arcturus in Boötes and continuing from there in the same curve ("follow the arc to Arcturus and speed on to Spica").
Due to the effects of precession, the First Point of Libra, (also known as the autumn equinox point) lies within the boundaries of Virgo very close to β Virginis. This is one of the two points in the sky where the celestial equator crosses the ecliptic (the other being the First Point of Aries, now in the constellation of Pisces). From the 18th century to the 4th century BC, the Sun was in Libra on the autumnal equinox, shifting into Virgo thereafter. This point will pass into the neighboring constellation of Leo around the year 2440.
Features
Stars
Besides Spica, other bright stars in Virgo include β Virginis (Zavijava), γ Virginis (Porrima), δ Virginis (Auva) and ε Virginis (Vindemiatrix). Other fainter stars that were also given names are ζ Virginis (Heze), η Virginis (Zaniah), ι Virginis (Syrma), κ Virginis (Kang), λ Virginis (Khambalia) and φ Virginis (Elgafar).
The star 70 Virginis has one of the first known extrasolar planetary systems with one confirmed planet 7.5 times the mass of Jupiter.
The star Chi Virginis has one of the most massive planets ever detected, at a mass of 11.1 times that of Jupiter.
The sun-like star 61 Virginis has three planets: one is a super-Earth and two are Neptune-mass planets.
SS Virginis is a variable star with a noticeable red color. It varies in magnitude from a minimum of 9.6 to a maximum of 6.0 over a period of approximately one year.
Exoplanets
There are 35 verified exoplanets orbiting 29 stars in Virgo, including PSR B1257+12 (three planets), 70 Virginis (one planet), Chi Virginis (one planet), 61 Virginis (three planets), NY Virginis (two planets), and 59 Virginis (one planet).
Deep-sky objects
Because of the presence of a galaxy cluster (consequently called the Virgo Cluster) within its borders 5° to 12° west of ε Vir (Vindemiatrix), this constellation is especially rich in galaxies.
Some examples are Messier 49 (elliptical), Messier 58 (spiral), Messier 59 (elliptical), Messier 60 (elliptical), Messier 61 (spiral), Messier 84 (lenticular), Messier 86 (lenticular), Messier 87 (elliptical and a famous radio source), Messier 89 (elliptical) and Messier 90 (spiral). A noted galaxy that is not part of the cluster is the Sombrero Galaxy (M104), an unusual spiral galaxy. It is located about 10° due west of Spica.
NGC 4639 is a face-on barred spiral galaxy located from Earth (redshift 0.0034). Its outer arms have a high number of Cepheid variables, which are used as standard candles to determine astronomical distances. Because of this, astronomers used several Cepheid variables in NGC 4639 to calibrate type 1a supernovae as standard candles for more distant galaxies.
Virgo possesses several galaxy clusters, one of which is HCG 62. A Hickson Compact Group, HCG 62 is at a distance of from Earth (redshift 0.0137) and possesses a large central elliptical galaxy. It has a heterogeneous halo of extremely hot gas, posited to be due to the active galactic nucleus at the core of the central elliptical galaxy.
M87 is the largest galaxy in the Virgo cluster, and is at a distance of from Earth (redshift 0.0035). It is a major radio source, partially due to its jet of electrons being flung out of the galaxy by its central supermassive black hole. Because this jet is visible in several different wavelengths, it is of interest to astronomers who wish to observe black holes in a unique galaxy. On April 10, 2019, astronomers from the Event Horizon Telescope project released an image of its central black hole; the first direct image of one. With a mass of at least 7.2 billion times that of the Sun, it is the most massive black hole within the immediate vicinity of the Milky Way.
M84 is another elliptical radio galaxy in the constellation of Virgo; it is at a distance of (redshift 0.0035) as well. Astronomers have surmised that the speed of the gas clouds orbiting the core (approximately ) indicates the presence of an object with a mass 300 million times that of the sun, which is most likely a black hole.
The Sombrero Galaxy, M104, is an edge-on spiral galaxy located 28 million light-years from Earth (redshift 0.0034). It has a bulge at its center made up of older stars that are larger than normal. It is surrounded by large, bright globular clusters and has a very prominent dust lane made up of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
NGC 4438 is a peculiar galaxy with an active galactic nucleus, at a distance of from Earth (redshift 0.0035). Its supermassive black hole is ejecting jets of matter, creating bubbles with a diameter of up to .
NGC 4261 also has a black hole from its center with a mass of 1.2 billion solar masses. It is located at a distance of from Earth (redshift 0.0075), and has an unusually dusty disk with a diameter of . Along with M84 and M87, NGC 4261 has strong emissions in the radio spectrum.
Virgo is also home to the quasar 3C 273 which was the first quasar ever to be identified. With a magnitude of ~12.9, it is also the optically the brightest quasar in the sky.
Mythology
In the Babylonian MUL.APIN (c. 10th century BC), part of this constellation was known as "The Furrow", representing the goddess Shala and her ear of grain. One star in this constellation, Spica, retains this tradition as it is Latin for "ear of grain", one of the major products of the Mesopotamian furrow. For this reason the constellation became associated with fertility.
The constellation of Virgo in Hipparchus corresponds to two Babylonian constellations: the "Furrow" in the eastern sector of Virgo and the "Frond of Erua" in the western sector. The Frond of Erua was depicted as a goddess holding a palm-frond – a motif that still occasionally appears in much later depictions of Virgo.
Early Greek astronomy associated the Babylonian constellation with their goddess of wheat and agriculture, Demeter.
The Romans associated it with their goddess Ceres.
Alternatively, the constellation was sometimes identified as the virgin goddess Iustitia or Astraea, holding the scales of justice in her hand (that now are separated as the constellation Libra).
Another Greek myth from later, Classical times, identifies Virgo as Erigone, the daughter of Icarius of Athens.
Icarius, who had been favored by Dionysus and was killed by his shepherds while they were intoxicated after which Erigone hanged herself in grief;
in versions of this myth, Dionysus is said to have placed the father and daughter in the stars as Boötes and Virgo respectively. Another figure who is associated with the constellation Virgo was the spring goddess Persephone, the daughter of Zeus and Demeter who had married Hades and resided in the Underworld during summer.
In the Poeticon Astronomicon by Hyginus (1st century BC), Parthenos () is the daughter of Apollo and Chrysothemis, who died a maiden and was placed among the stars as the constellation. Diodorus Siculus has an alternative account, according to which Parthenos was the daughter of Staphylus and Chrysothemis, sister of Rhoeo and Molpadia (Hemithea). After a suicide attempt she and Hemithea were carried by Apollo to Chersonesus, where she became a local goddess.
Strabo also mentions a goddess named Parthenos worshipped throughout Chersonesus.
During the Middle Ages, Virgo sometimes was associated with the Blessed Virgin Mary.
In Greek mythology, the constellation is also associated with the daughter of Zeus, Dike the goddess of justice, who is represented holding the scales of justice.
Gallery
See also
Virgo (Chinese astronomy)
Citations
References
Ian Ridpath and Wil Tirion (2017). Stars and Planets Guide (5th ed.), William Collins, London. . Princeton University Press, Princeton. .
External links
The Deep Photographic Guide to the Constellations: Virgo
The clickable Virgo
Star Tales – Virgo
Warburg Institute Iconographic Database (medieval and early modern images of Virgo)
Constellations
Equatorial constellations
Constellations listed by Ptolemy
Allen R. "Al" Weiss (1954) is an American businessman who served as President of Worldwide Operations for Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, a division of The Walt Disney Company.
Career at The Walt Disney Company
Weiss began his Disney career as an 18-year-old Walt Disney World cast member in 1972. His first job was a "z-runner", a financial analyst who zeroed out cash registers at the end of shifts.
He received an associate degree from Valencia College, a bachelor's degree from the University of Central Florida in 1976, and an MBA from Rollins College in 1981.
After serving in multiple roles, Weiss was named president of the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, starting in 1994 a role which he held until 2005. Meg Crofton succeeded Weiss as president of Walt Disney World Resort in 2006.
He was appointed President of Worldwide Operations, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts in November 2005. On June 22, 2011, Al Weiss announced his plans to retire from the Disney company effective November 1, 2011. This ended his 39-year career at The Walt Disney Company. In December 2011, he had a shop window dedicated with his name on Main Street U.S.A. in the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World.
Florida and Business Interests
Weiss served as the 2004–2005 chairman of the Metro Orlando Economic Development Commission, and served as a trustee at both University of Central Florida and Stetson University.
He served on the founding Board of Directors for the Corporation for Travel Promotion starting in 2010, after it was created by the Travel Promotion Act of 2009.
In 2018, as Chairman & General Partner of Global Blockchain Ventures, he launched a $100 million fund to invest in blockchain technology.
Personal
He is divorced from his ex-wife, Doreen, who lives in Kissimmee, Florida, and is now married to Brea Barnes Weiss. They live in Windermere, Florida.
He is also a co-founder of Vision360, an Orlando organization that builds multidenominational Christian churches.
References
Living people
University of Central Florida alumni
University of Central Florida Trustees
Walt Disney Parks and Resorts people
Disney executives
1954 births
Zinin reaction or Zinin reduction was discovered by a Russian organic chemist Nikolay Zinin (Russian: Николай Николаевич Зинин) (25 August 1812, Shusha – 18 February 1880, Saint Petersburg). This reaction involves conversion of nitro aromatic compounds like nitrobenzene to amines by reduction with sodium sulfides. The reaction exhibits excellent selectivity for the nitro group and is useful in cases where other easily reduced functional groups (e.g., aryl halides and C=C bonds) are present in the molecule. Moreover, dinitrobenzenes can often be reduced selectively to the nitroaniline.
Reaction mechanism
The precise details of the reaction mechanism remain obscure, but a basic outline is known.
The stoichiometry for the reaction is:
ArNO2 + 3 H2S → ArNH2 + 3 S + 2 H2O
Mechanistic studies have shown that disulfide (which is likely to be generated in situ) is a more active reducing agent and may be involved. The reaction is believed to proceed through oxygen transfer to sulfur to give ArNO, followed by further reduction to ArNHOH and, finally, to ArNH2.
Other Examples
Reduction of 4,6 (5,7)-dinitro and 5,6-dinitrobenzimidazoles
References
Name reactions
Organic reduction reactions
Organic redox reactions
Senator McCabe may refer to:
Brooks McCabe (born 1949), West Virginia State Senate
James H. McCabe (1870–1957), New York State Senate
William U. McCabe (1880–1931), Arkansas State Senate
Julia O'Rourke is a former competitive Irish stepdancer. After being featured in the 2010 Sue Bourne documentary Jig as a competitor at the 2010 Oireachtas Rince na Cruinne (Irish Dancing World Championships), O'Rourke became known as a public face for the dance form globally. She won several further titles before her retirement from competition in 2017.
Dancing career
O'Rourke began taking Irish stepdance classes at the age of 5 after seeing a classmate at elementary school perform the style in a show and tell session. She began lessons at the Petri School of Irish Dancing (later the Doherty-Petri School) in Garden City Park, and continued at the same school until her retirement from competition. At her first feis, she won a first prize.
In 2010, O'Rourke was selected to be featured in Jig. The documentary followed her preparation for the World Championships, that year held in Glasgow, Scotland, including competition at several other major competitions held by An Coimisiún Le Rincí Gaelacha around the world that year. O'Rourke won her first World Championship that year in her age group. As her career progressed, O'Rourke competed at three to five competitions outside the United States each year, usually including the Ireland and All Scotland Championships.
In 2012, O'Rourke suffered a major back injury, which resulted in an unusually low placing of 24th at Oireachtas Rince na Cruinne 2013. She did not compete for some months, but trained intensively throughout 2013 and won a second world title in 2014. That year, Oireachtas Rince na Cruinne was held for the first time in England and O'Rourke featured on the BBC program Newsnight.
O'Rourke won further titles at Oireachtas Rince na Cruinne in 2015 and 2017. She announced her retirement in June of that year.
During her career, O'Rourke was described as an "ambassador" for Irish dance and as a symbol of the increased diversity and globalisation of the dance form. In 2017, shortly before her retirement, O'Rourke was named one of five "Top Irish dance influencers" by IrishCentral.
Personal life
O'Rourke is the first of two children of father Kevin, originally from County Louth, Ireland, and Filipino mother Annelyn, both of whom are accountants.
She attended St. Agnes Cathedral School in Rockville Centre, New York and Sacred Heart Academy in Hempstead.
O'Rourke now began attending the University of Delaware in 2017 and has announced her intention to study physical therapy.
References
Performers of Irish dance
Year of birth missing (living people)
Irish stepdance
Living people
Thomas Fox Averill (born April 30, 1949) is a writer, novelist, and academic from Topeka, Kansas. His works, including Secrets of the Tsil Cafe, The Slow Air of Ewan Macpherson, Ordinary Genius, and, more recently Rode, have won wide acclaim in Kansas and throughout the United States. He is a two-time winner of Kansas Notable Book Awards.
Averill is a writer-in-residence and professor of English at Topeka's Washburn University. Well known as a writer and teacher, Averill has published numerous works of fiction, short stories, and stories on his native Kansas and society at large.
References
External links
His website
WU Professor writes novel
Writers from Topeka, Kansas
1949 births
Living people
American male novelists
21st-century American novelists
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
The 100 Greatest Albums of National Rock (Spanish: Los 100 mejores discos del rock nacional) is a 2007 special issue of Rolling Stone Argentina, the local edition of the American magazine that is published monthly by S.A. La Nación. It was made available in newsstands on April 3. That month, Rolling Stone Argentina was issued as a special "double anniversary edition", with the list being released alongside the magazine's usual publication. The issue celebrated the forty years of Argentine rock and the nine years of Rolling Stone Argentina. In 2013, a revised "bookazine" edition of the list was released, incorporating more albums from the 2000s.
The list focuses on Argentine rock, which is locally known as rock nacional (Spanish for "national rock") and is considered a distinct style of rock music, born in the late 1960s in Buenos Aires at a time when the city was experiencing a cultural blossoming. Rock nacional has been defined as "fusion music of various rhythms, completely identifiable as belonging to the urban areas of the country. It is a synthesis of the original [rock] with other expressions that, in the opinion of the foreigners, sometimes sounds like tango or [folk music]." Although rock and roll already existed in Argentina, the countercultural, young bohemians of Buenos Aires were the first to create a local version of rock that spoke of their own concerns, with the particularity of featuring Spanish lyrics at a time when it was frowned upon. The release of Los Gatos' debut single, "La balsa" on July 3, 1967 is generally considered to be the origin of the movement, as it established its commercial viability and turned it into a widespread youth culture phenomenon. For this reason, The 100 Greatest Albums of National Rock only includes records released after "La balsa", and was issued in commemoration of the forty years of the single's release or, in other words, the fortieth anniversary of the genre.
The number one album was Artaud by Luis Alberto Spinetta (credited to Pescado Rabioso).
Background
Made in a similar fashion to [[Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time|Rolling Stone'''s 500 Greatest Albums of All Time]], the list was voted for by 180 people related to the genre, including musicians, journalists, photographers and members of the recording industry. Each album entry is accompanied by a journalist commentary, with the exception of Clics modernos, which Charly García wrote himself.
List statistics
Among the first twenty albums selected, nine were recorded before 1983, the year Argentina's last military dictatorship ended.
Top 10 albums
Number of albums from each decade
2007 list
1960s: 1
1970s: 31
1980s: 32
1990s: 29
2000s: 7
2013 list
1960s: 1
1970s: 27
1980s: 29
1990s: 27
2000s: 16
See also
Rock en español''
''Rolling Stone'''s 500 Greatest Albums of All Time
''Rolling Stone Brasil'''s 100 Greatest Albums of Brazilian Music
References
External links
Rolling Stone Argentina
Lists of albums
2007 in music
Rolling Stone articles
Argentine rock music
Thomas Pinckney "Skipper" Heard (August 25, 1898 – July 11, 1980) or T.P. "Skipper" Heard was the athletics director at Louisiana State University from 1931 until 1954.
Heard was an early pioneer in the establishment of legal and honest athletic grants-in-aid and oversaw LSU's entry into the Southeastern Conference as a charter member in 1933. In addition, he is the "father" of night football games at Louisiana State University and was a force behind three expansions of Tiger Stadium raising seating capacity from 12,000 to 67,500. He also had LSU football games broadcast on 50,000-watt clear-channel WWL-AM in 1942 giving LSU a national broadcast platform and made it possible for LSU to fly to long-distance inter-sectional football games starting in 1939. Heard also coached the LSU Tigers golf team to a national championship (1947).
Heard was inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame in 2011.
LSU night football
The change to night football started in 1931 under Heard. LSU was not the first school to play a night football game, but "after dinner" football games were popularized at LSU.
There were multiple reasons why. First, there were shift changes of refinery workers in Baton Rouge. Many couldn't attend afternoon games, but they could attend evening games with 8 p.m. kickoffs. Competition for fans also played a role. Tulane University, then a football power, was playing on Saturday afternoons. A late LSU kickoff would allow fans to attend Tulane or other games and then drive to Baton Rouge to watch LSU. The move extended LSU's fan base because in the 1930s almost 80 percent of LSU's fan base was within 30-mile radius of Baton Rouge. The afternoon heat in Louisiana also played a role in moving the games to night. Heard had lights installed at Tiger Stadium for the sum of $7,500.
Tiger Stadium expansion
The first expansion of Tiger Stadium in 1931 from 12,000 to 22,000 seats was due to Hear. He learned that LSU president James M. Smith had $250,000 earmarked for dormitories. Heard sold Smith on the idea that the president could have his dormitories in the stadium simply by raising the stands on both sides and extending them to each goal line. Heard expanded Tiger Stadium for the second time in 1936 by enclosing the north end of the stadium to increase seating capacity to 46,000. In 1953, Tiger Stadium was expanded for the third time by 21,720 seats to 67,720 by enclosing the south end turning Tiger Stadium into a bowl configuration.
Due to stadium expansion in 1953, Heard was forced out of office in 1954. His persuasion of the state legislature to again enlarge Tiger Stadium was against the wishes of his boss, LSU president Troy H. Middleton, who badly wanted a new library built. Both projects eventually came to fruition, but it cost Heard his job.
LSU Tigers head golf coach
Heard was head coach of the LSU Tigers golf team for two seasons from 1946 to 1947. The 1947 team won the NCAA National Championship along with the SEC Championship. LSU golfer Joe Moore won the individual SEC championship that same year. Heard's 1946 team also won the SEC championship.
Personal life
Heard grew up in Pitkin, Louisiana and left high school to join the U.S. Navy during World War I. He served two years in the mine laying service before being discharged and returning to high school. He received his diploma in 1920 and was a school teacher for two years before enrolling at LSU.
At LSU, he joined Pi Alpha Omega local fraternity and caught the attention of Mike Donahue who made him an assistant student manager in 1924. By 1926, he was the senior athletics manager and helped move the athletics department to the new LSU campus. After graduation he was named the graduate manager of athletics, a post he held until he became Athletic Director. He helped Pi Alpha Omega become a chapter of Sigma Pi fraternity and was one of the first alumni initiated into the national organization.
References
1898 births
1980 deaths
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers athletic directors
LSU Tigers golf coaches
United States Navy personnel of World War I
District 37 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Clackamas and Washington counties. The current representative for the district is Democrat Rachel Prusak of West Linn.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clackamas County, Oregon
Washington County, Oregon
No Escape, released in some countries as Escape from Absolom and Absolom 2022, is a 1994 American science fiction action film directed by Martin Campbell. It stars Ray Liotta, Lance Henriksen, Stuart Wilson, Kevin Dillon, Michael Lerner and Ernie Hudson. It was based on the 1987 novel The Penal Colony by Richard Herley. In a dystopian future, a former Reconnaissance Marine serves life imprisonment on an island inhabited by savage and cannibalistic prisoners.
It was the first film collaboration between the director Martin Campbell and actor Stuart Wilson, who both later worked in The Mask of Zorro and Vertical Limit, both released in 1998 and 2000, and the film was also the third collaboration between the producer Hurd and Henriksen, after The Terminator and Aliens, both directed by James Cameron, and released in 1984 and 1986.
Plot
In 2022, the penal system is run by corporations, and prisoners are seen as assets. Highly-trained ex-Marine John Robbins is imprisoned for life for murdering his commanding officer after being ordered to kill innocent civilians in Benghazi; having escaped from two Level 5 maximum security prisons, he is sent to a Level 6 facility. A fellow prisoner tells him about "Absolom", an island where they send the worst prisoners and is feared more than the prison. The Warden, after being held at gunpoint by Robbins, is convinced that he is a threat and exiles him to the island.
On the island, Robbins is captured by a group of prisoners known as the Outsiders, led by a sociopath named Walter Marek and whose only rule is The Law of the Jungle. The abandoned island resort, complete with dilapidated houses and a swimming pool, is where the Outsiders have established a base. Marek forces Robbins to fight one of his men for amusement and is impressed when Robbins kill his opponent in seconds. He offers him a position in his gang; instead, Robbins knocks Marek into the pool, steals his rocket launcher, and flees the Outsider's camp. He is pursued through the jungle and cornered at the edge of a high cliff before being shot in the neck by blowgun darts. After falling into the river below, another prisoner group called the Insiders retrieves him.
Led by a terminally-ill doctor called the Father, the Insiders established a cooperative autonomous community with laws as opposed to the tyranny of the Outsiders. Robbins meets Father; King, the new-arrival helper; and befriends Casey, a naïve young man given a life sentence for a kidnapping which led to a dual felony murder accidentally when the hostages died. Robbins learns that the Insiders are heavily outnumbered by the Outsiders and that he is the only person to have ever escaped from Marek's camp. The weapon he stole is appropriated for the good of the community.
After helping repel an attack by the Outsiders, Father notes Robbins' abilities and asks him to join them. He refuses, saying he wants to leave Absolom; Father takes Robbins to the shore, explaining that they are 200 miles from the mainland. Gunships patrol 50 miles off the coast, and infrared satellite technology monitors thermal activity, such as large fires or explosions.
The Insiders have secretly built a scan-proof boat and launch it to tell the outside world about Absolom. However, the boat is destroyed by attack helicopters, causing Father to believe there is an informer among them.
Robbins learns about a new boat and demands a seat, still determined to escape. After learning that the engine needs a distributor, a part Robbins saw while in Marek's camp, he offers to retrieve it in exchange for passage; the Insiders agree. Casey follows Robbins, who infiltrates the Outsiders' camp and gets the engine part, but they are captured by the Outsiders. Robbins is forced to fight Casey to the death. Knowing they won't both escape, Casey impales himself on Robbins' weapon. Robbins escapes a planned execution with the help of an Insider spy, infuriating Marek.
Knowing Marek will attack, and over stern objections, Robbins convinces the Insiders to abandon their camp, but not before lacing it with booby traps. He stays behind to fire the stolen rocket launcher, igniting an incendiary bomb. Most of the Outsiders die, and the Warden intervenes when the satellites are triggered. Father dies while defending Robbins from Marek. After Robbins kills Marek, he finds the new boat incinerated and evidence that King has killed the engineer. Robbins forces King to give new coordinates to the Warden for where to land his helicopter on the island. Robbins hijacks the helicopter, throws the Warden out, and vows to spread the truth. King and the Warden are left behind as unseen Outsiders close in on them.
Cast
Ray Liotta as John Robbins
Lance Henriksen as The Father
Stuart Wilson as Walter Marek
Kevin Dillon as Casey
Kevin J. O'Connor as Stephano
Don Henderson as Killian
Ian McNeice as Tom King
Jack Shepherd as Dysart
Michael Lerner as Warden
Ernie Hudson as Hawkins
Russell Kiefel as Iceman
Brian M. Logan as Scab
Cheuk-Fai Chan as Skull
David Wenham as Hotel Guard
David Argue as the Cellmate
Stan Kouros as NCO
Production
The film began in production development on May 17, 1993 and lasted until August of that year. It was filmed in Australia, primarily in New South Wales.
Reception
No Escape holds a rating of 53% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 17 reviews; the average rating is 5.1/10.
The film grossed $15.3 million in the United States and Canada and $22.4 million worldwide.
Merchandise
A video game based on the film of the same name was released in 1994 for Sega Genesis & Super Nintendo Entertainment System. A Sega CD version was planned and even advertised, but was cancelled for unknown reasons. Marvel Comics published a three-issue comic book miniseries that adapted the original novel and the film's script, the series had Roger Salick as a writer, Mike Harris as a cartoonist, and Chris Ivy as an inker.
Home media
No Escape was released on VHS and Laserdisc in 1994, the VHS was re-released on April 14, 1998. The DVD was released by HBO on July 29, 1998. Columbia TriStar also released the film on DVD, VHS and Laserdisc in other countries from 1995–2003, while Sony Pictures Home Entertainment re-released the DVDs in 2005–2017. The DVD was released in the United Kingdom on October 3, 2003 by Pathé. The film was first released on Blu-ray in Germany by Nameless Media (under the label of SPHE) in 2017, and includes with Mediabook covers. On July 4, 2018, the film was released on Blu-ray and DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in Australia, and includes four TV Spots and Trailer. Unearthed Films will release a Blu-ray with Special Features for the North American releases in market on October 11, 2022.
References
External links
Review by Time Out
1994 films
1990s science fiction action films
American science fiction action films
Films about cannibalism
Films set in 2022
1990s prison films
Films about the United States Marine Corps
Savoy Pictures films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Martin Campbell
Films scored by Graeme Revell
Films set on fictional islands
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Kévin Constant (born 10 May 1987) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or left back. Having come through the Toulouse youth system, he left for LB Châteauroux in 2008. He moved to Italy in 2010 playing for Chievo, Genoa, and Milan. Following a stint at Trabzonspor in Turkey, he returned to Italy's Bologna in 2016 before joining FC Sion in Switzerland in 2017. In 2019, he was contracted to Iranian club Tractor but never played for the club. At international level, he made 24 appearances scoring 4 goals with the Guinea national team.
Club career
Toulouse
Constant progressed through the ranks of the reserves. In 2006, he was promoted to Toulouse's first-team squad.
Châteauroux
In 2008, Constant moved to Ligue 2 side LB Châteauroux.
Chievo
In September 2010, Constant was signed by Italian club Chievo on a loan deal, ultimately made permanent in June 2011.
Genoa
On 1 July 2011, Constant made a move to Genoa for €5.6 million cash, with Francesco Acerbi (tagged for €2 million) and Ivan Fatić (tagged for €200,000) moving the other way to Chievo. Genoa, however, bought Acerbi outright from Reggina for €2.2 million, which would make Constant worth €8 million.
Milan
On 20 June 2012, Constant moved to Milan on a loan deal, which carried an option to buy. On 26 January 2013, Milan entered into co-ownership with Genoa for Constant in exchange for the termination of Francesco Acerbi's co-ownership, both for €4 million fees. On 27 July 2013, Milan purchased Constant outright for another €6 million, also selling Rodney Strasser to Genoa for €3.5 million on the same day.
In July 2013, Constant responded to what he perceived as racial abuse from spectators at a pre-season TIM Trophy match against Sassuolo by leaving the pitch. Although the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) fined Sassuolo €30,000 due to "racially discriminatory shouts and chants aimed at a player from the opposition's team", a police investigation found no evidence of such.
Trabzonspor
Constant transferred to Turkish Süper Lig club Trabzonspor for a €2.5 million transfer fee in 2014, signing a four-year contract worth an annual average of €2.25 million. He made his official debut for the club against Russian side Rostov in the play-off qualifying round for the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League. Constant's contract was later terminated on 18 November 2015 for €2 million.
Bologna
On 1 February 2016, Constant returned to Italy after signing with Bologna on a -year deal.
Tractor
On 4 January 2019, Constant signed a 3.5-year contract with Tractor of the Persian Gulf Pro League. In June, Constant's contract was terminated after he failed a medical test at the club.
Retirement
In January 2020, Constant announced his retirement as a player at the age of 32 citing "personal reasons".
International career
Constant began representing the French under-17 squad in 2004.
Qualified to play for the Guinea senior team through his mother he made his debut on 14 October 2007, in a 1–3 friendly loss against Senegal. On 10 October 2010, Constant scored his second goal in a 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification against Nigeria.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
International
Scores and results list Guinea's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Constant goal.
Honours
France U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship: 2004
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fréjus
Association football fullbacks
Association football midfielders
Citizens of Guinea through descent
Guinean footballers
French sportspeople of Guinean descent
French people of Guadeloupean descent
French footballers
Guinea international footballers
Guinean expatriate footballers
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in France
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Serie A players
Süper Lig players
Swiss Super League players
Persian Gulf Pro League players
Toulouse FC players
LB Châteauroux players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
Genoa C.F.C. players
A.C. Milan players
Trabzonspor footballers
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
FC Sion players
Tractor S.C. players
France youth international footballers
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
Footballers from Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Black French sportspeople
The Príncipe weaver (Ploceus princeps) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe, where it is found on the island of Príncipe. It was described by Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1851. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
External links
Principe Golden Weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Príncipe weaver
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Endemic fauna of Príncipe
Príncipe weaver
Príncipe weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ananthu was an Indian screenwriter working on Tamil language films, often collaborating with K. Balachander. He was the mentor of actor Kamal Haasan.
Career
Ananthu was a screenwriter and close associate of director K. Balachander. He also worked with director C. Rudraiah on his two films. In the title card, Rudhraiya had dedicated the film Aval Appadithan to Ananthu. Ananthu was sub-dialogue writer with Chitralaya Gopu for the films Anubhavam Pudhumai and Galatta Kalyanam directed by C. V. Rajendran. Ananthu acted in the film Galatta Kalyanam with Sivaji Ganesan and Jayalalitha after intermission.
In 1991, Ananthu directed Sigaram starring S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Anand Babu, Radha and Ramya Krishnan. A critic noted "with an eye for realism and a talent for profound dialogue, Ananthu makes this a memorable entry into the annals of parallel cinema."
Work experience with Kamal Haasan
Ananthu was considered by Kamal Haasan as a close associate and mentor. Through Ananthu, Haasan was able to maintain close ties with K. Balachander.
In the early 1970s, Kamal Haasan had become jaded and suicidal with the monotonous, low-key roles that he was receiving from Tamil cinema. He later credited Ananthu for reinvigorating his interest in films, after taking up his suggestion of moving to work on Malayalam films. During the period, Ananthu continued to nurture Kamal Haasan's talent by evaluating his on-screen performances and by introducing him to world cinema. Haasan has also credited Ananthu for teaching him screenwriting.
Ananthu continued to work closely with Haasan for a number of his films in the 1990s through various capacities. He was behind the title of Nammavar, a term also later adapted by Kamal Haasan in his political activities.
Following Ananthu's death in 1998, Kamal Haasan's first Tamil directorial venture Hey Ram (2000) was dedicated to Ananthu. After winning the Henri Langlois award in 2016, Kamal Haasan dedicated the award to Ananthu. An official portrait of Ananthu was inaugurated in 2019 at Kamal Haasan's offices as a part of celebrations marking the actor's 60th year in the film industry.
Partial filmography
References
External links
Indian film directors
Indian screenwriters
Tamil film directors
Tamil-language film directors
Tamil screenwriters
20th-century Indian film directors
Film directors from Tamil Nadu
Screenwriters from Tamil Nadu
Year of birth missing
1998 deaths
20th-century Indian screenwriters
Empress Zhang (died July or August 237), personal name unknown, formally known as Empress Jing'ai (lit. "Respectful and Lamentable Empress"), was an empress of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period. She was the eldest daughter of the Shu general Zhang Fei and his wife Lady Xiahou, niece of Wei's general Xiahou Yuan. She married Liu Shan in 221 and became the crown princess of Shu. In 223 when Liu Bei died, Liu Shan ascended the throne of Shu, and Zhang became the empress. She died in 237 and was buried in Nanling (南陵)., succeeded by her younger sister
In the novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms she doesn't marry Liu Shan till after he is Emperor with Zhuge Liang recommending her for her prudence.
See also
Shu Han family trees
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
Notes
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
Robert Joe Cutter and William Gordon Crowell. Empresses and Consorts: Selections from Chen Shou's Records of the Three States with Pei Songzhi's Commentary. Honolulu: University of Hawai'i Press, 1999.
237 deaths
Shu Han empresses
Year of birth unknown
A druid oak is a large oak tree found in many ancient forests in Britain. Many such forests have named druid oaks — one such example being the Druid's Oak at Burnham Beeches. There are also rare examples at Salcey Forest, in Northamptonshire. Typically such trees will be hundreds of years old.
The name relates to the ancient druids who met in forests' oak groves and in particular beneath the old oak trees. One etymology of the word druid comes from "dru-wid", which means "knower of oak trees".
See also
Ancient woodland
References
External links
Illustrations of Druid Oaks
Individual oak trees
Trees
Individual trees in the United Kingdom
The women's team of four competition for bowling at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines was held on 6 December 2019 at Coronado Lanes, Starmall EDSA-Shaw.
Schedule
All times are Philippine Standard Time (UTC+8).
Results
Detailed result as in below:
References
Women's team of 4
Semi- is a numerical prefix meaning "half" The prefix alone is often used as an abbreviation when the rest of the word (the thing which half of is being described) is clear from context.
Semi or SEMI may refer to:
Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International (SEMI)
Semiconductor industry, also known as semi or semis in financial news
Semi-automatic firearm
Semi-detached house, a type of housing
Semi-erection, a partial erection when the penis is enlarged but not fully erect
Semi-final, of a knockout competition
Semi-formal, (esp. high school) dance
Semi Ojeleye (born 1994), American basketball player
Semiquaver, the time interval in music, which is half the length of a quaver
Semi-submersible, a watercraft which operates mostly submerged
Semi-trailer, a trailer with wheels at the rear end only
Semi-trailer truck (UK: articulated lorry), a truck designed to pull semi-trailers
Tesla Semi, vehicle by Tesla, Inc.
Goo Semi, member of South Korean girlgroup Cignature
See also
Demi (disambiguation)
Hemi (disambiguation)
Myrina is a purely Afrotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae containing a total of five species.
Species
Myrina anettae De Fleury, 1924
Myrina dermaptera (Wallengren, 1857)
Myrina sharpei Bethune-Baker, 1906
Myrina silenus (Fabricius, 1775)
Myrina subornata Lathy, 1903
Etymology
Early authors often named insects for classical figures. This one is named for Myrina, queen of the Amazons.
References
External links
"Myrina Fabricius, 1807" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Amblypodiini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Cináeth Ua Baígill was a bishop in Ireland during the 12th century: he was Bishop of Clogher until his death in1135.
References
12th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1135 deaths
Dorothy Bordass (née Foster, 1905 – 1992), was a British artist.
She studied at the Académie Julian in Paris under R T Mumford, and at the Heatherley School of Fine Art under Ian McNab. Bordass painted in St Ives during the later 1950s/early 1960s and took part in many group shows, including the important Metavisual Tachiste Abstract at The Redfern Gallery in 1957 and extensively abroad. Her solo shows include New Vision Centre Gallery, Woodstock Gallery, in the provinces and overseas. In 1958 she participated in the inaugural exhibition of the National Gallery of Malaya, Kuala Lumpa.
Bordass was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Painters in 1978 and was a Fellow of Free Painters and Sculptors.
See also
List of St. Ives artists
Notes
1905 births
1992 deaths
20th-century English painters
Académie Julian alumni
Alumni of the Heatherley School of Fine Art
Painters from London
British expatriates in France
Edward Bishop was involved in the witchcraft hysteria of 1692. Four men named Edward Bishop lived in Salem at the time of the trials. Most of the early genealogical works, such as those by Savage and Pope, were confused; and some stated as much.
Relationships
Savage states that an Edward Bishop was living in Salem, Massachusetts as of 1639. Edward Bishop Sr. was born around 1620 in England. Edward Bishop Sr. married Hannah More. The reconstructed vital records of Salem Massachusetts lists baptisms for 3 children of Edward Bishop Sr. (by his first wife Hannah) <ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=EthxO9RvKw8C&pg=PA1035&lpg=PA1035&dq=Ephraim+Brown,+Sr+%22hannah+howe%22&source=bl&ots=-2d0Kg1Fyg&sig=PmkLCx3VAkuc5a--hDLkdfggmZk&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj2jqWc9L_TAhUJy2MKHVroB88Q6AEILDAC#v=snippet&q=ephraim%20brown&f=falseGenealogical and Family History of the State of New Hampshire: A Record of the Achievements of Her People in the Making of a Commonwealth and the Founding of a Nation, Vol. 3'; Ezra S. Staerns, Ed.; Lewis Publishing Company; 1908, p. 1025.]</ref> between 1646 and 1651 at the First Church of Salem Massachusetts:
Hanna Bishop 12 April 1646
Edward Bishop (Jr.) 23 April 1648
Mary Bishop 12 October 1651
An Edward Bishop was one of the founders of the First Church of Beverly (Massachusetts Bay Colony) in 1667. Edward Bishop Jr. and his wife, Sarah (née Wildes), were accused of witchcraft and imprisoned in the spring of 1692. They were transferred to the Boston jail, and escaped in October of that same year. Edward Bishop Jr. and Sarah Bishop had a number of children, including Edward Bishop III. Edward III eventually married Susannah Putnam, a relation of the Putnam family who were the main accusers in the witchcraft hysteria.
Edward Bishop, the sawyer, was perhaps not closely related to the other Edward Bishops. Edward Bishop, the sawyer, married Bridget Playfer. Bridget Bishop lived on Conant Street in Salem Town. Bridget Playfer married Samuel Wasselbe on April 13, 1660 at St. Mary-in-the-Marsh in Norwich. Samuel Wasselbe and Bridget had two children: A son named Benjamin, Norwich parish registers list as baptized on October 6, and daughter Mary born in Boston. In the listing for Boston births for 1665, there is a listing for "Mary, of Samuel dec. and Bridget Wesselbee late of Norwich England born Jan.10".
It is unknown if Samuel died in England or accompanied Bridget to New England and died there, but her second marriage to Thomas Oliver (also from Norwich England) on July 26, 1666 was a troubled one. She had one child with Thomas, a daughter named Christian. After his death she was accused of bewitching her husband to death. Bridget was again accused of witchcraft in April 1692 and hanged in June of that year. That second arrest warrant still exists, referring to as "wife of Edward Bishop, the sawyer". After the death of his wife Bridget, Edward married Elizabeth Cash on 9 March 1693.
Bridget Bishop and Sarah (Wildes) Bishop are often confused. Sarah (Wildes) Bishop and her stepmother Sarah (Averill) Wildes are also sometimes confused. It may have been Sarah (Wildes) Bishop, rather than Bridget, who ran an inn that served drinks to underaged patrons and allowed 'shovel'-board to be played at all hours of the night. Sarah Bishop owned and lived at an inn located in Salem Village, next door to Christian Trask. Trask confronted the Bishops about the late night revelry, and a few weeks later supposedly committed suicide by slashing her own throat with a pair of sewing scissors.
A petition in defense of Rebecca Nurse confirms that Edward Bishop Sr. could not have been the husband of Bridget Bishop. When Rebeccah Nurse was accused of witchcraft, a petition in her defense was signed by 39 of her neighbors, including Edward and Hannah Bishop (spelled Edward Besop Sr and Hana Besop on the petition). Since Hannah was able to sign the petition presented in a document at the trials, she was therefore still alive in 1692; and Edward Sr. could not have been married to Bridget at the same time. It is unlikely that the signature belonged to his daughter Hannah as she was then married and would have been known by her married name.
Sources
Further reading
Upham, Charles (1980). Salem Witchcraft. New York: Frederick Ungar Publishing Co., 2 vv., v.1 pp. 141–3, 191, v 2, pp. 128, 135, 253, 267, 272, 383, 465–6, 478.
A Genealogical Dictionary of the First Settlers of New England.'' James Savage, Boston MA: Little Brown & Co., 1860. v 1, p. 183.
People accused of witchcraft
People of the Salem witch trials
Eas Dubh (Gaelic for dark or black waterfall) is the name of a number of waterfalls in Scotland:
Eas Dubh, Glen Urquhart
Eas Dubh, Glen Affric
Eas Dubh, Menteith Hills
Eas Dubh, Mull
Eas Dubh, River Lonan
Eas Dubh, Ullapool
Eas Dubh Gleann Tanagaidh
Eas Dubh Uidh a' Chlaigeil
Eas Dubh a'Ghlinne Ghairbh
Teofil Fabiny (also Theophil von Fabiny) (11 October 1822 – 4 March 1908) was a Hungarian politician and jurist, who served as Minister of Justice between 1886 and 1889.
References
Magyar Életrajzi Lexikon
1822 births
1908 deaths
19th-century Hungarian politicians
Justice ministers of Hungary
People from Pest, Hungary
Politicians from Budapest
Liberal Party (Hungary) politicians
Jeremy Jerome Moore (born June 29, 1987) is an American former professional baseball outfielder and current professional baseball coach in the Texas Rangers organization. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Professional career
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Moore attended North Caddo High School in Vivian, Louisiana. Moore was drafted by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in the 6th round of the 2005 MLB draft. With the AA Arkansas Travelers in 2010 he hit .303 with 13 homers and 61 RBI and was selected as a Texas League All-Star.
He was called up to the Angels on September 1, 2011 and made his debut as a pinch hitter against the Minnesota Twins on September 2, flying out to left field. He recorded his first Major League hit on a weak single to third off Michael Gonzalez of the Texas Rangers on September 27. It was his only hit in 8 at-bats that season. He subsequently missed the entire 2012 season after undergoing hip surgery.
Los Angeles Dodgers
He signed as a minor league free agent with the Los Angeles Dodgers on December 27, 2012. He got a late start due to his recovery from injury but eventually reported to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes. He was later demoted to the AA Chattanooga Lookouts. He played in 80 games combined in the Dodgers minor league system in 2013, and hit only .211 with 7 homers and 31 RBI.
Tampa Bay Rays
Moore signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Rays in January 2014. He became a free agent after the 2014 season and did not play professionally again.
Coaching career
Moore returned to professional baseball as a coach in 2017 with the Texas Rangers organization. In 2017, he was a coach for the Down East Wood Ducks. In 2018, he was a hitting coach for the AZL Rangers.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
North Caddo High School alumni
Los Angeles Angels players
Arizona League Angels players
Orem Owlz players
Cedar Rapids Kernels players
Rancho Cucamonga Quakes players
Arkansas Travelers players
Salt Lake Bees players
Albuquerque Isotopes players
Arizona League Dodgers players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Montgomery Biscuits players
Durham Bulls players
Baseball players from Shreveport, Louisiana
Carlos López de Silanes (born April 18, 1970) is a Mexican former footballer who played as a defender. He was a member of the Mexico national football team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He had a brief spell in English football, making 2 substitute appearances for Chester City in the Football Conference, and a single appearance for Wycombe Wanderers in The Football League.
References
playerhistory
1970 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Footballers from Mexico City
Chester City F.C. players
Wycombe Wanderers F.C. players
Mexican footballers
Mexican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Mexican expatriate sportspeople in England
English Football League players
In molecular biology, the plant calmodulin-binding domain is a protein domain found repeated in a number of plant calmodulin-binding proteins. These domains are thought to constitute the calmodulin-binding domains of these proteins. Binding of the proteins to calmodulin depends on the presence of calcium ions. These proteins are thought to be involved in various processes, such as plant defence responses and stolonisation or tuberization.
References
Protein domains
Administrative Training Institute, Mysore is a major federally funded training organization of the Government of Karnataka located in Mysore, India. V. Manjula IAS is the current Director General.
From 2002 to 2006, Anita Kaul was the Director General of the Institute.
Facilities
ATI, Mysore has a campus of 35 acres on the foothills of Chamundi hills near the Karanji lake. The State Institute for Urban Development is inside the same campus. ATI is the apex training organization of the provincial government. Being a nationally important and prestigious organization, ATI Mysore also conducts training for federal officers of IAS, IPS and IFS cadres. ATI Mysore has an auditorium that can accommodate 70 trainees.
SIRD Mysore
Abdul Nasir Sab State Institute of Rural Development or A.N.S.S.I.R.D. is a campus inside ATI, Mysore funded by the Government of Karnataka. This second organization gives training to local body employees.
ATI Library
The library inside the campus has 55,000 government records and other study material.
Hostels
ATI Mysore has hostel facility for 165 trainees.
See also
Mysore East
References
Government of Karnataka
Universities and colleges in Mysore
Organisations based in Mysore
Educational institutions in India with year of establishment missing
Vanport Mosaic Festival is an annual summer festival begun in 2016 commemorating the history of Vanport, Oregon's then second-largest city, which was destroyed by the 1948 Columbia River flood, and the Fair Housing Act. It is described by its organizers as an act of "memory activism".
See also
History of Portland, Oregon
Kaiser Shipyards
Interstate 405 (Oregon)
References
</ref>
Festivals established in 2016
Festivals in Portland, Oregon
History festivals
Yan Yuxin (born 28 January 1987) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television, the main state announcer of China. He is known all over China as an announcer for the 7:00 pm CCTV News program Xinwen Lianbo, which has reach all over China on various networks and internationally, is one of the most watched news programs in the world.
Biography
Yan was born in Beijing, on January 28, 1987, while his ancestral home in Shaanxi. He graduated from the Communication University of China. In 2007, he became an intern in Taizhou radio and TV station. In 2008, he joined the China Central Television and became a news anchor for CCTV-13. He hosted Xinwen Lianbo since September 23, 2020.
Television
Midnight News
Morning News
Xinwen Lianbo
References
1987 births
Living people
People from Beijing
Communication University of China alumni
CCTV newsreaders and journalists
Ingram Ball (1752 – 18 March 1807) was British born and was an officer in the 33rd Regiment of Foot, and later in the 7th Light Dragoons of the British army, reaching a rank of captain-lieutenant before resigning in 1780.
Ball arrived in Cape Breton, Canada in 1788 with his wife and children and became involved in the government of the time. He was appointed to the Executive Council in 1789 by Lieutenant Governor William Macarmick. After 1795, Macarmick left the colony and Ball found himself in almost constant dispute with David Mathews, the new administrator. No legislative assembly was in place and governing was done by the Executive Council which Matthews controlled. He continued to have problems with succeeding administrations, ending up in jail at one point.
Ball died near Sydney, Nova Scotia. He was the elder brother of Sir Alexander John Ball, Captain, (later Admiral) of HMS Alexander at the Battle of the Nile and who became the first British governor of Malta.
Legacy
namesake of Balls Creek, Nova Scotia
References
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
1752 births
1807 deaths
33rd Regiment of Foot officers
7th Dragoon Guards officers
Members of the Executive Council of Nova Scotia
Communist Party of Mexico (Marxist–Leninist) (), is an anti-revisionist Marxist-Leninist communist party in Mexico which upholds the line of Joseph Stalin and Enver Hoxha.
The party is an active member of the International Conference of Marxist-Leninist Parties and Organizations (Unity & Struggle). It publishes the newspaper Vanguardia Proletaria and the theoretical magazine Política.
This organization has been one of the most influential in the revolutionary left in Mexico, they have played an important part in the most significant social movements of recent years such as CGH (UNAM 1999), the Mexe Hidalgo (2000), Atenco (2003), Lazaro Cardenas (2006), Guerrero, the Commune of Oaxaca (APPO 2006).
External links
Official website
Vanguardia Proletaria (archive)
Communist parties in Mexico
Anti-revisionist organizations
Stalinist parties
Far-left politics in Mexico
International Conference of Marxist–Leninist Parties and Organizations (Unity & Struggle)
Political parties in Mexico
Hoxhaist parties
Political parties with year of establishment missing
The Croatia national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Croatia and is controlled by the Croatian Motorcycle Federation. Croatian riders was started in Under-21 World Cup once, in 2009 with Slovenian riders as "Adria" team. The best Croatian rider is Jurica Pavlic who was won two medals in Individual competition (silver medal in 2009 in Goričan, Croatia).
Competition
See also
Croatia national speedway team
Croatia national under-19 speedway team
External links
Speedway at Croatian Motorcycle Federation website
National speedway teams
Speedway
Speedway
Jan Jacobsz. Schipper (1616-1669) was a bookseller, printer, and theatre poet in Amsterdam.
Personal life
Schipper was born to Jacob Claesz. and Neeltje Leyen in Amsterdam. The surname Schipper is in fact a pseudonym derived from his father's work as a skipper, and his actual surname is Dommekracht, or Dommescracht.
Not much is known about Schipper's early life, however he was registered to the Amsterdam bookseller's guild on 28 October 1636, and married Suzanna Veselaers on 27 August 1650. In 1673 his widow started a printing house with Joseph Athias.
Work
Schipper was best known as the publisher of Calvin, De Brune, and particularly for Cats' complete works. He was also an accomplished translator of French prose, and a theatre poet in his own right. His most successful works are two plays about the “incomparable” Ariane, which featured the first woman to perform in Amsterdam theatre, Ariane Nooseman.
Notable Works
Alle de Wercken, Cats 1655, 2nd print 1661
Onvergelijkelijke Ariane, Schipper 1644 and 1655
De razende Roelant, Ariosto 1649, tr. Schipper
De bezadigde Roelant, François de Rosset 1649, tr. Schipper
Ariane, Jean Desmarets 1621, tr. Schipper
References
1616 births
1669 deaths
17th-century printers
Businesspeople from Amsterdam
Dutch booksellers
Dutch printers
Dutch translators
Writers from Amsterdam
17th-century Dutch businesspeople
17th-century translators
The black pitohui (Melanorectes nigrescens) is a species of bird in the monotypic genus of Melanorectes in the family Pachycephalidae.
It is found throughout the highlands of New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The black pitohui was originally described in the genus Rectes (a synonym for the genus Pitohui) and re-classified to Melanorectes in 2013. Alternate names include black whistler and dusky pitohui.
Subspecies
The following six subspecies are recognized:
M. n. nigrescens – (Schlegel, 1871): Found in northwestern New Guinea
M. n. wandamensis – (Hartert, 1930): Found in Wandammen Peninsula (western New Guinea)
M. n. meeki – (Rothschild & Hartert, 1913): Originally described as a separate species in the genus Pitohui. Found in west-central New Guinea
M. n. buergersi – (Stresemann, 1922): Found in northern and east-central New Guinea
M. n. harterti – Reichenow, 1911: Originally described as a separate species. Found in northeastern New Guinea
M. n. schistaceus – (Reichenow, 1900): Found in southeastern New Guinea
References
black pitohui
black pitohui
Birds of New Guinea
Taxa named by Hermann Schlegel
black pitohui
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
MalmöMässan is an exhibition and convention centre in Malmö, Sweden. The facility is located in the Hyllie area, close to Malmö Arena and has an area of 20,000 m², divided into exhibition hall, a conference centre and two restaurants.
One of the major annual events held there is Skånemässan ("The Scania fair") held in September and with about 25,000 visitors. According to the EBU, the former centre hosted the Eurovision Song Contest in 1992.
History
The former Malmömässan Convention Centre in the west harbour area of Malmö closed on 31 March 2010. The old building had an area of 20,000 m² and was originally built as a manufacturing hall by the Kockums shipyard, it was turned into a SAAB factory following the Swedish shipyard crisis of the late 1970s and 1980s.
In the early 1990s MalmöMässan AB, earlier based in Stadionområdet, Malmö ("The stadium area", where Malmö Stadion and Malmö Isstadion are located), relocated there.
A new exhibition hall was built in Hyllie, opened in February 2012 by architect Erik Giudice.
Events
Bröllopsmässan Malmö 2014 - February 2014
References
External links
Official site
Convention centres in Sweden
Viktor Aleksandrovich Demyanov (; born 10 June 1999) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Irtysh Omsk.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Baltika Kaliningrad on 16 August 2020 in a game against FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1999 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Dynamo Moscow reserves players
FC Baltika Kaliningrad players
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
FC Irtysh Omsk players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Leslie Peterson (born 1923) is a Canadian politician.
Leslie Peterson can also refer to:
Leslie Esdaile Banks (born Leslie Ann Peterson, 1959–2011), American writer
Leslie Peterson (bishop) (1928–2003), Canadian bishop
See also
Leslie Petersen, American politician, former Democratic candidate for Governor of Wyoming
Julia Maria Ragnarsson (born 30 July 1992) is a Swedish actress. She is the daughter of actor Lars-Göran Ragnarsson and stage director Karin Ragnarsson. She studied at Heleneholms gymnasium in Malmö 2008-11. She has acted in several television series and films like The Bridge, Maria Larssons eviga ögonblick, Stockholm Stories and Tillbaka till Bromma.
In 2016, she played the leading role as Olivia Rönning in the SVT crime series Springfloden.
Filmography
2003 – Tur & retur - My
2006 – Wallander – Den svaga punkten - Johanna
2008 – Wallander – Sidetracked (TV-series)
2008 – Maria Larssons eviga ögonblick - Anna Larsson
2012 – The Fear (TV-series) - Zana
2013 – The Bridge – Laura (TV-series)
2014 – Steppeulven
2014 – Stockholm Stories
2014 – Tillbaka till Bromma
2015 – In the Sea (short)
2016 – Min faster i Sarajevo
2016 – Springfloden (TV-series), (Spring Tide)
2016 – Take Down
2017 – Jakten på tidskristallen (TV-series) (Christmas Calendar)
2019 – Midsommar - Inga
2019 – Fartblinda (TV-series) - Bea Farkas
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
21st-century Swedish actresses
People from Malmö
Ruth Olay (July 1, 1924 – September 3, 2021) was an American jazz singer with Hungarian ancestry who was born in San Francisco, the daughter of a Rabbi and a professional chorister mother. Moving to Los Angeles while still an infant, Olay became a fixture in Hollywood's nightclub scene in the late 1940s and through the 1950s and early 1960s.
Career
Olay was born in San Francisco, California in July 1924. Initially a piano prodigy, her interest in music developed from exposure to her mother's professional chorus singing work. At age 16 or 17, working as secretary at Twentieth Century Fox, Olay undertook singing lessons with vocal coach Florence Russell (Dorothy Dandridge). While at work, she met one of Duke Ellington's vocalists, Ivie Anderson. Together they attended the venue where Ellington was playing and Olay was persuaded to sing. In 1942, at her mother's remarriage party she sang and impressed a guest, the wife of songwriter Irving Gordon (Throw Mama From the Train, Unforgettable). Gordon in turn introduced Olay to jazz musician Benny Carter who became her musical mentor.
She performed under the moniker Rachel Davis and, due to her dark complexion, passing as a black woman, with Carter in San Diego, and later with Jerry Fielding in Los Angeles and Beverly Hills clubs, all the while holding down a secretarial day job at Twentieth Century Fox, including work for celebrated screenwriter Preston Sturges. At the Cabaret Concert Theatre where she both waitressed and sang, she came to the attention of Bill Hitchcock of Zephyr Records. Olay's first LP on Zephyr in 1956 was promoted as coming from "the blues shouting tradition", "pop style" and "swinging interpretation".
While gigging at the Little Club, Olay was approached by Bill Burton, who managed, among others, Jimmy Dorsey and Dick Haymes, and soon got her big break when Burton booked her an emergency gig at the Avant Garde Club in replacement of Billie Holiday, who had fallen ill. This developed into a headline run, along with Shelley Berman, Matt Dennis Trio and Lenny Bruce. A regular at the club was arranger Pete Rugolo, who A&R'ed for Mercury Records.
Her first LP on Mercury OLAY! The New Sound of Ruth Olay in 1958 was followed by a guest vocalist spot on Jack Paar's Tonight Show. She became the "Singing Sensation of the Jack Paar Show" during Paar's stint, and also appeared later on Johnny Carson's watch, the latter time backed by Duke Ellington. Subsequent appearances included Jerry Fielding's TV show, and with Merv Griffin, Jackie Gleason and Steve Allen. In 1961, Olay found time to play the role of Julie in Lewis & Young's production of Show Boat.
For the second LP Easy Living on Mercury in 1959, Olay was set up with Jerry Fielding whose credits included arranging with big bands such as those of Kay Kyser, Claude Thornhill, Jimmie Lunceford, Tommy Dorsey, Charlie Barnet, and Les Brown. LP's followed on diverse labels after Olay's departure from Mercury and she continued nightclub appearances and TV shows well into the 1960s (e.g.: Sue Rainey on KTLA June 11, 1965). After spending some time performing in Europe where the popularity of American jazz persisted Olay returned to the US and gradually phased into retirement and withdrew from singing altogether.
Olay died on September 3, 2021, in Los Angeles, California, aged 97.
Personal life
Olay's parents divorced when she was six, her father going on to become the Head of Research at Warner Bros. Ruth was married three times, firstly to Lionel Olay from 1947 to 1949, and whose name she adopted as her stage name. They had a daughter, Amy, born in 1949, and there is a son from a subsequent marriage. Her second divorce was in 1961. In 1963 she married her manager Lee Magid, and together they had a son, Adam.
Recordings
1956 - It's About Time; Zephyr 12004 LP
1956 - "Good Love" / "Cotton Pickin' Moon"; Zephyr ZR 70002 single
1958 - OLAY! The New Sound of Ruth Olay; Mercury MG 36125 LP
1959 - Easy Living; Mercury MG 20390 LP
1959 - "I Wanna Be a Friend of Yours" / "On Behalf of the Visiting Firemen"; Mercury 71453 (78rpm) 71432X45 (45rpm) single
1959 - Never Do / I Wanna Be a Friend of Yours; Mercury DJ43 45rpm single promo
1960 - In Person Recorded Live at Mr. Kelly's; United Artists UAL 3115(M) UAL 6115 (S) LP
1963 - OLAY! O.K.!!; Everest 5218 (M) 1218 (S) LP
1963 - Gonna Build a Mountain / Scarlet Bird; Everest 2037 45rpm single
1966 - God Bless The Child / I Ain't Got Nothin' But The Blues; ABC 10870 45rpm single
1966 - Soul In The Night; ABC 573 LP
1979 - Jazz at the Ojai Festivals Bowl - Ray Leatherwood (drums) Eddie Miller (sax) & Ruth Olay (vocals); Townhall Records 527
1982 - Ruth Olay Sings Jazz Today; Laurel Records LR-8501 LP
1982 - Watch What Happens - Ruth Olay & Her Friends; Laurel Records LR-8502 LP
References
External links
1924 births
2021 deaths
American jazz singers
American people of Hungarian descent
Musicians from San Francisco
Studies in Church History is an academic journal published annually by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Ecclesiastical History Society. It comprises papers and communications delivered at the Ecclesiastical History Society's conferences.
References
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies
Religion history journals
Publications established in 1964
Annual journals
Cambridge University Press academic journals
Paa Kow (Enyan Denkyira, Ghana) is a Ghanaian Highlife and Afro-Fusion drummer and composer.
Early life
Growing up in a musical family in the small village of Enyan Denkyira, near Cape Coast, Ghana, Paa Kow began playing and performing music at the tender age of 5. His uncle and mother were both singers in a touring concert band called the Enidado Professional Band. It was with this band that Paa Kow first began performing, first playing cowbell and congas and then eventually moving to the drum set by age 7. Due to the cost and lack of access to instruments, he would fashion his own drums out of metal cans, wire, and a fertilizer bag as a bass drum, which he used to practice for hours every day. He also had to build his own drum pedal using an old sandal, a door hinge and some string.
While touring the country with his uncle's band, other band leaders began to take notice of the prodigious young drummer and Paa Kow was soon playing with other known groups eventually catching the eye of Highlife legend Amakye Dede. At age 14, Paa Kow was invited to Accra to join Dede's group. After some years in Accra playing with Amakye, his talent became widely recognized and Paa Kow was invited to play with other major Highlife artists in the country including Kojo Antwi, George Darko and Nat Brew taking him on tours to Switzerland, Scotland, Belgium, Amsterdam, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Togo, Egypt, and Nigeria.
Career
In 2007, Paa Kow was invited to Boulder, CO USA as a guest artist of the University of Colorado music school to perform with West African Highlife Ensemble directed by Dr. Kwasi Ampene. After, he returned to Ghana for a short time and then emigrated to the US later that year following an invitation from musicians he had met while at the university.
Since moving to the US, Paa Kow was no longer just a session drummer and began to compose his own music. His debut album Hand Go Hand Come was released in 2012 followed by Ask in 2014. His third album Cookpot was released in October 2017. Notable artists he has performed with in the US include Victor Wooten, Michael Kang, Brad Goode and John Gunther.
References
External links
Living people
Ghanaian highlife musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Thanyakon Khrongpha (Some sources Thanyakorn)(born 3 June 1990) is a Thai professional golfer.
Khrongpha was a successful amateur, winning gold at the Southeast Asian Games, before turning professional in 2010. He promptly won his first professional tournament on the Asian Development Tour at the Kariza Classic in Indonesia. At the end of the year Khrongpha came through the qualifying school to earn a card for the full Asian Tour.
In his first season on the main tour, Khrongpha made 13 of 14 cuts and finished 52nd on the Order of Merit, enough to retain his card for 2012.
Professional wins (5)
Japan Golf Tour wins (1)
Asian Development Tour wins (1)
All Thailand Golf Tour wins (2)
ASEAN PGA Tour wins (1)
Team appearances
2009 Southeast Asian Games (winners)
References
External links
Thanyakon Khrongpha
Asian Tour golfers
Japan Golf Tour golfers
Southeast Asian Games medalists in golf
Thanyakon Khrongpha
Competitors at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
1990 births
Living people
Periclepsis cinctana, the Dover twist, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae found in Europe. It was first described by Michael Denis and Ignaz Schiffermüller in 1775.
Description
The wingspan is 13–17 mm. There are contrasting cream and brown markings on the forewings. Adults have been recorded on wing from late April to the beginning of July.
The larvae feed on Lotus, Anthyllis, Genista and Cytisus species from within a tubular silken gallery. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
Distribution
It is found in most of Europe, where it has been recorded from Spain, Great Britain (Kent and Tiree), the Benelux, Germany, Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, Austria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, North Macedonia, Norway, Sweden, the Baltic region and Russia.
The habitat consists of chalk downlands and calcareous grasslands.
References
Archipini
Moths described in 1775
Tortricidae of Europe
Taxa named by Michael Denis
Taxa named by Ignaz Schiffermüller
Khorramabad (, also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
"Have Mercy on the Criminal" is a song written by English musician Elton John and songwriter Bernie Taupin, and performed by John. It is the most frequent live-track on the album besides the two dominating singles, "Daniel" and "Crocodile Rock".
Musical structure
The song is one of only two songs from the album that features orchestration. Long-time collaborator Paul Buckmaster was responsible for the arrangement. It opens unusually, in the middle of a crescendo, before ending with a snare drum-hit that segues into a slow-paced dramatic ballad that lasts for the rest of the song. Featured is also a guitar solo. Upon introducing the song during his orchestral tour of Australia in 1986, John stated that "no one did arrangements like this in those days," claiming "that's why Buckmaster was so great."
Author Mary Anne Cassata praises the song as a "breakthrough stunner," particularly praising Buckmaster's "tense" arrangement and John's "desperate" vocals. Elton John biographer David Buckley believes the song's guitar riff was influenced by that of Derek and the Dominos' "Layla."
Lyrical meaning
The lyrics describe what life is like for an escaped prisoner. The first verses mention "dogs at night chasing some poor criminal", while the last verses mentioning "never seen a friend in years", bookending the theme as being about the escape and recapture of a criminal. The chorus claims "have mercy on the criminal – are you blind to the winds of change – don't you hear them anymore," pleading for tolerance for the criminal on the lam. Author Elizabeth Rosenthal believes the song was influenced by the songs of Rosemary Clooney and Jo Stafford. Phillip Norman traces some of the imagery in the song to stories and B-movies that Taupin was exposed to as a child.
Performances
Bootleg sources prove that it was performed months before the album's release, with the earliest recording being from November 1972. It was performed at practically each show on his 1973 tours, occasionally in 1975. For his 1980 tour, it was a staple, being played during the latter half of every show. It was performed on and off in 1984 as well, and in 1986, with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. A live performance was included on the 1987 album Live in Australia with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. As with other songs performed at those shows, it also received performances during his 1988–89 World Tour. It was performed in 1995 in the Netherlands, and on his 2002 tour as a staple. It made a brief return in the summer of 2004 during his second orchestral tour. He sparcly performed the song in the 2010's. During the 2022 leg of the Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour, the song was brought back and played regularly at every show.
Personnel
Elton John – vocals, piano
Dee Murray – bass
Nigel Olsson – drums
Davey Johnstone – electric guitar
Paul Buckmaster – orchestral arrangement
References
Songs about criminals
1973 songs
Elton John songs
Songs with lyrics by Bernie Taupin
Songs with music by Elton John
Song recordings produced by Gus Dudgeon
Bartholomew of Brescia (b. probably in the second half of the 12th century at Brescia; died 1258) was an Italian canonist.
Life
He studied Roman and ecclesiastical law at Bologna, where he himself became a teacher. It is believed that he was murdered, when Ezzelino, the leader of the Ghibellines, captured Brescia (1258).
Works
His literary work consisted almost entirely in the revision of the productions of other writers. His "Brocarda", or Canonical Rules (Lyons, 1519), were a working-over of those of Damasus (12th and 13th centuries); his "Casus decretorum" were a revision of the "Casus" of Benencasa (d. c. 1206); the "Historiae super libro Decretorum" reproduced the work of an unknown author. Both his "Casus" and "Historiae" derive their importance from their incorporation into the Paris edition (1505) of Gratian's Decretum.
The "Ordo Judiciarius" of Tancred (d. c. 1235) was also revised by Bartholomew.
More important than the preceding works was his "Glossa Ordinaria" to the "Decretum" of Gratian, a correction of the "Glossa", or "Apparatus", of Johannes Teutonicus Zemeke (13th century). His only certain independent work was the "Quaestiones dominicales et veneriales", lectures delivered on Sundays and Fridays.
Editions
References
Schulte, Gesch. der Quellen u. Literatur des kan. Rechts (Stuttgart, 1875–80), II, 83-88
Scherer in Kirchenlexikon (2d ed., Freiburg, 1882), I, 2055, 2056
Hugo von Hurter, Nomenclator literarius theologiae catholicae (3rd ed., 1903)
1258 deaths
Canon law jurists
13th-century Italian jurists
Year of birth unknown
13th-century Latin writers
The National Defence College of Thailand or NDC () is an education organization that provides advanced training for both senior military officers and civilians. It is operated by the Royal Thai Armed Forces of the Thai Ministry of Defence.
History
The NDC was founded in on 2 February 1955 by Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram by opening the study for top executives of the military and civilian sectors only. Later in 1989, the National Defense Course for the Joint State-Private Sector was opened so that business executives at the level of business owners or executives have been educated with senior executives of the government. In 2003, opened the National Defense Course for national, private, and political by accepting more politicians. Currently, this course is not open to study. With the requirements of those who will be considered for this study if being a civil servant must be a high-level director or equivalent or higher, If being a military officer must have a rank of Colonel, Captain, Group Captain up and if being a police officer must have a Police Colonel rank.
Notable alumni
NDC alumni have dominated the military and political fields of Thailand since the establishment of the College. Prominent alumni include military dictator Field Marshal Thanom Kittikachorn (Class 1), Prime Minister Sanya Dharmasakti (Class 1), Supreme Commander Serm Na Nakhon (Class 4), Supreme Commander and ISOC Commander Sayud Kerbphol (Class 5), military dictator Kriangsak Chomanan (Class 5), and Privy Council president Prem Tinsulanonda (Class 9), Council for National Security President Sonthi Boonyaratglin (Class 42), Assistant CNS Secretary-General Saprang Kalayanamitr (Class 43), and the current and 50th Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Bureau Phukphong Phongpetra (Class 59).
See also
Royal Thai Army
References
Further reading
Website of the National Defence College
Educational institutions established in 1955
Military academies of Thailand
Education in Bangkok
Colleges in Thailand
1955 establishments in Thailand
Elof Gösta Harry "Hagge" Geigert, née Johansson, (30 June 1925 – 14 February 2000) was a Swedish revue-writer, theater director, television entertainer, author, journalist and debater.
He was born in Lerdal, Dalsland, Sweden. In television he participated in several entertainment-topic shows. In 1958 he presented Måndagsposten on SVT, in 1975 he presented the talk show Gäst hos Hagge, amongst his guests were Lill-Babs, Agnetha Fältskog and Anita Ekberg.
During several years he wrote columns for Göteborgs-Posten, several of his columns was re-published in the book Hagge på hugget in 1990.
Between 1965 and 1997, he was leader of the Lisebergsteatern in Gothenburg, where he would direct and participate in as a yearly tradition.
He was awarded the Illis quorum in 1998.
Geigert died in Gothenburg in 2000.
References
External links
1925 births
2000 deaths
Swedish actors
Recipients of the Illis quorum
Rocky Ford station was an Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway station in Rocky Ford, Colorado. The station is located two blocks south of U.S. Highway 50 and State Highway 71. The station has been restored and is now used by the Rocky Ford Chamber of Commerce. It was on the Denver Branch, connecting La Junta and Denver. The line is now owned by BNSF.
References
External links
Picture
Rocky Ford Depot (Surviving Santa Fe Depots)
Station from Google Maps Street View
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway stations
Former railway stations in Colorado
Transportation buildings and structures in Otero County, Colorado
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1903
Railway stations closed in 1979
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1659.
Events
January 27 – The poet Andrew Marvell is elected a member of Parliament for Kingston upon Hull in England's Third Protectorate Parliament.
August – William Davenant is briefly imprisoned for his part in George Booth's Cheshire uprising in favor of restoring the English Monarchy.
unknown dates
Méric Casaubon edits John Dee's journal of angel magic.
The Icelandic pastor Jón Magnússon completes his Píslarsaga (Passion Saga, or Story of My Sufferings).
New books
Prose
Richard Baxter – The Holy Commonwealth
Méric Casaubon (ed.) – A True & Faithful Relation of What passed for many Yeers between Dr. John Dee (A Mathematician of Great Fame in Q. Eliz. and King James their Reignes) and some spirits
Thomas Hobbes –
Christiaan Huygens –
Ninon de l'Enclos – (The Flirt Avenged)
Richard Lovelace – Lucasta (posthumous)
William Prynne – Parliamentary Writs (further parts in 1660, 1662 and 1664)
Johann Heinrich Rahn – Teutsche Algebra
Péter Révay –
John Rushworth – Historical Collections of Private Passages of State... (also The Rushworth Papers)
Anna Maria van Schurman – The Learned Maid, or Whether a Maid May Be a Scholar? (English version of 1638 Latin original)
Jeremy Taylor – Discourse on the Nature, Offices and Measures of Friendship
Drama
Anonymous – The London Chanticleers
Richard Brome – Five New Plays, including The English Moor, The Lovesick Court, The Weeding of Covent Garden, The New Academy, and The Queen and Concubine
Joan Leonardsz Blasius –
Sir William Davenant – The History of Sir Francis Drake
John Day and Henry Chettle – The Blind Beggar of Bethnal Green (published six decades after its premiere)
Richard Flecknoe – The Marriage of Oceanus and Britannia
Molière –
Walter Montague – The Shepherd's Paradise
Agustín Moreto – No puede ser...
James Shirley
The Contention of Ajax and Ulysses
Honoria and Mammon
Juan Bautista Diamante –
Poetry
William Chamberlayne –
Luis de Ulloa Pereira – Versos
Births
January 1 – Humphrey Hody, English theologian and archdeacon (died 1707)
March – Margrethe Lasson, Danish novelist (died 1738)
March 25 – John Asgill, English pamphleteer (died 1738)
March 26 – William Wollaston, English philosopher, classicist and cleric (died 1724)
April 29 – Sophia Elisabet Brenner, Swedish poet and writer (died 1730)
unknown dates
Thomas Creech, English classicist and translator (died 1700)
Kata Szidónia Petrőczy, Hungarian poet (died 1708)
Deaths
January 7 – Laurenz Forer, Swiss theologian and controversialist writing in Latin and German (born 1580)
January 31 – János Apáczai Csere, Hungarian linguist, mathematician and encyclopedist (born 1625)
February 4 – Francis Osborne, English essayist (born 1593)
April 15 – Simon Dach, German poet and hymnist (born 1605)
June 3 – Morgan Llwyd, Welsh preacher, poet and writer (born 1619)
September 22 – Thomas Morton, English polemicist and bishop (born 1564)
October 27 – Giovanni Francesco Busenello, Italian poet and librettist (born 1598)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The Return of Dracula is a 1958 American horror film directed by Paul Landres, and starring Francis Lederer, Norma Eberhardt, and Ray Stricklyn. It follows Dracula, who murders an artist aboard a train in Central Europe, and proceeds to impersonate the man, traveling to meet with his extended family in a small California town. The film is primarily in black and white, aside from one brief color sequence.
It is one of a handful of horror films that use the melody of "Dies Irae" as its opening theme tune. Others include The Shining, The Car and The Mephisto Waltz.
It was released in Los Angeles as a double feature with The Flame Barrier on May 21, 1958.
Plot
In Central Europe, Investigator John Meierman and several assistants attempt to trap Count Dracula inside his tomb in a cemetery, but upon opening his casket, they find it empty. Nearby, Dracula, who has fled, boards a train. He murders Bellac Gordal, a Czech artist en route to the United States to visit his extended family in the small community of Carleton, California. Dracula proceeds to impersonate Bellac, assuming his identity. After arriving in California, Dracula, posing as Bellac, is met by Bellac's widowed cousin, Cora, and her children, the young Mickey, and teenaged Rachel. Rachel is especially eager to meet her cousin, as she has a shared passion for art, specifically clothing design. The family quickly finds Bellac's behavior eccentric, as he maintains a social detachment from them. The day after Bellac's arrival, Mickey's beloved cat goes missing and is subsequently found mutilated in an abandoned mineshaft.
Unbeknownst to the others, Bellac has established a secret resting place in the abandoned mine, replete with a coffin where he goes to sleep. Rachel is disappointed by his absence one day, as she hoped to show him the town, but she eventually meets him at dusk— he explains he spent the day painting. Rachel departs to her night shift at the local parish house, where she tends to elderly and infirm residents, including a blind woman, Jennie. After Rachel finishes her shift, Bellac awakens Jennie, who offers to give her the ability of sight before biting her neck.
In the morning, Rachel is beckoned to the parish house and is driven there by her boyfriend, Tim. Rachel finds Jennie feverish and hysterical upon arriving, claiming a man entered her room through the window. When she attempts to get out of bed, Jennie collapses and dies. After Jennie's funeral, Cora and Rachel are approached by Mack Bryant, a detective appointed by Meierman. He asks about cousin Bellac and mentions that an unidentified man was thrown from a train to his death in Germany. Bellac appears at the home, and Bryant examines his immigration records and passport before meeting with Meierman outside to divulge his findings.
Bellac visits Jennie's tomb in the mausoleum and awakens her from the dead. Later, Bryant hears Jennie's voice beckoning him in the woods near the train station. When he goes to investigate, he is fatally mauled by a white wolf (portrayed by a white German Shepherd Dog). That night, Rachel invites Bellac to attend a Halloween costume party at the parish house the following day, but Bellac declines. Rachel confronts Bellac about his isolation from the family, but he remains evasive. Rachel later falls asleep while reading and has what seems to be a nightmare in which Bellac asks her to remove Jennie's crucifix pendant from her neck and offers her eternal life. In the morning, Rachel finds the crucifix lying on the floor, suspecting it was not a dream.
Meierman visits the parish house and confronts Reverend Whitfield with his findings. Meanwhile, before departing for the Halloween party, Rachel finds a portrait of herself in Bellac's room depicting her inside a coffin. When Bellac appears downstairs, Rachel grows terrified when she realizes his reflection does not appear in a mirror. Tim arrives moments later, and Rachel leaves with him to the party in a trance-like state. Whitfield and Meierman confront Rachel at the party, asking her to help them entrap Bellac. After finding Jennie's crypt empty, Meierman, Whitfield, and other police stake out the cemetery, where they soon witness Jennie returning to her crypt. Simultaneously, Rachel leaves the party and flees to the abandoned mineshaft to visit Bellac. As Meierman drives a stake through Jennie's heart, killing her, Bellac collapses before Rachel. Tim arrives at the mineshaft, having followed Rachel there, and finds her hysterical. Tim attempts to escort Rachel out of the mine, but Bellac blocks their exit. Bellac momentarily hypnotizes Tim, but Tim approaches him with Jennie's crucifix, forcing Bellac to fall into a shaft below. He is impaled through the back and chest on a large wooden post and disintegrates into a clothed skeleton.
Cast
Production
Filming of The Return of Dracula took place in October 1957.
Release
The Return of Dracula premiered theatrically in Los Angeles on May 21, 1958 as a double feature with The Flame Barrier. To promote the film, United Artists advertised that 12 insurance companies had refused to assume any liability risk for those admitted seeing the feature.
When shown on U.S. television, it was retitled Curse of Dracula. In the UK, it was released theatrically as The Fantastic Disappearing Man. Later in 1958, the Hammer film Horror of Dracula appeared in theaters in both the UK and the U.S. and The Return of Dracula was eclipsed as a result, due to Christopher Lee's new stardom as the Count.
Critical response
Geoffrey M. Warren of the Los Angeles Times dismissed the film, writing that it "could have been put off indefinitely and no one would have ever known."
Home video
The Return of Dracula was released on DVD by MGM in 2007 as a Midnite Movies Double Feature with Landres' previous film, The Vampire (1957). It was re-released on DVD as an exclusive release from BestBuy.
Legacy
On October 27, 1971, Lederer reprised his role of Count Dracula on an episode of Night Gallery titled "The Devil Is Not Mocked". In this story, Dracula tells his grandson how he fought the Nazis during World War II.
See also
List of American films of 1958
References
External links
1958 films
1958 horror films
American black-and-white films
American supernatural horror films
American vampire films
Dracula films
American films about Halloween
Films scored by Gerald Fried
Films directed by Paul Landres
Films set in California
United Artists films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Mahakoshal or Mahakaushal is a region of central India. Mahakoshal lies in the upper or eastern reaches of the Narmada River valley in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. Jabalpur is the largest city in the region. Nimar region lies to the west, in the lower reaches of the Narmada valley.
Mahakoshal is now predominantly a Hindi-speaking area, although it is the native region of
Dravidian languages such as Gondi, Pardhan and Bharia. Due to the prevalence of Gondi the region is also called Gondwana by Gondi speakers. Other languages used in the region include Bagheli and Marathi.
Geography
The Vindhya Range forms the northern boundary of the region; north of the Vindhya Range lie the regions of Malwa to the northwest, Bundelkhand to the north, and Bagelkhand to the northeast. Chhattisgarh state lies to the east, and the Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state lies to the south across the Satpura Range. Cities and districts of the region include Jabalpur, Shahdol, Katni, Chhindwara, Narsinghpur, Mandla, Dindori, Seoni and Balaghat.
History
Dynasties that have held the territory include the Gonds, Kalachuri, Satavahanas, and Marathas. During the British Raj Mahakoshal was part of the Central Provinces which contained two distinct linguistic regions: Mahakoshal (Hindi and Gondi) and Vidarbha (Marathi). The two linguistic regions could not be fully integrated as a unit owing to regional and cultural differences.
Demand for a Separate State
It is highly demanded state from an undivided Madhya Pradesh due to lack of recognition and development. An initiative has been started by MP High Court Bar council with a demand of a new state of "Rewakhand" with 25 districts of Mahakaushal and Bundelkhand.
See also
Central Provinces
Mahakoshal Express
Proposed states and territories of India
References
Regions of Madhya Pradesh
Proposed states and union territories of India
Historical regions
Beren Gökyıldız (born 29 September 2009) is a Turkish child actress. She is mainly known for her role as Ayşe in the television series Bizim Hikaye.
Biography
Beren was born on 29 September 2009 in Istanbul. She is continuing her education at primary school. She started her acting career by appearing on Fox TV's series Kocamın Ailesi, and won the favor of the audience with her character.
Despite her young age, she was able to give a successful performance and later appeared on Show TV's Güldüy Güldüy Show. She then got a role on Star TV's series Anne as Melek Akçay, and shared the leading role with Vahide Perçin and Cansu Dere.
Filmography
Awards
References
External links
Living people
2009 births
Actresses from Istanbul
Turkish child actresses
Turkish television actresses
Turkish film actresses
21st-century Turkish actresses
In late 2012, a yellow fever outbreak occurred in the Darfur region of Sudan that was the largest yellow fever epidemic to strike Africa in two decades. On 10 January 2013, the Sudan Federal Ministry of Health and the World Health Organization (WHO) reported that there had been 847 suspected cases since 2 September 2012, including 171 deaths, for an estimated case fatality rate of 20%. A mass vaccination campaign was launched in mid-November. By early January, the five states of Darfur were free of any new cases.
Epidemiology
The first cases of yellow fever occurred in early September, but the first blood samples for confirmation were not sent to the Institut Pasteur reference laboratory in Dakar, Senegal until 30 October. On 9 November, WHO Sudan reported 266 suspected cases and 85 deaths for a case fatality rate of 32%. Most cases were in Central Dafur state (51.5 percent, reported in March 2013), but the outbreak later expanded to the four other states of North Darfur (21 percent), West Darfur (17.4 percent) and South Darfur (9.5 percent), including refugee camps related to the ongoing war in Darfur. Laboratory confirmation of yellow fever came on 13 November. Most of the cases were among nomads, which contributed to the rapid spread.
According to newspaper reports, about 10 000 workers from the gold mines of Jebel Amer fled to Nyala, the capital of South Darfur, after more than 60 deaths in the gold mining area. One newspaper reported: "The spread of the disease in South Darfur is a disaster and the epidemic requires organizations and the international community to address the disease and provide enough vaccines to vaccinate all citizens of the state." Hundreds of patients had accumulated at the Nyala Teaching Hospital, some sleeping outside, and there was a shortage of medical personnel and supplies. By early December the number of deaths had reached 164.
Health authorities in China began scanning travelers and Chinese citizens returning from Sudan. As many as a million Chinese workers are employed in oil, mining and construction in Africa. Introduction of yellow fever into Asia, where it has never appeared, is a serious concern.
Vaccination Campaign
On 13 November, the government of Sudan requested help from the International Coordinating Group on Yellow Fever Vaccine Provision (YF-ICG) in starting a mass vaccination campaign. Besides the WHO, the YF-ICG consists of representatives of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), Médecins sans Frontières (MSF) and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC). The United Nations–African Union Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) airlifted the first batches of vaccines from Khartoum to Darfur on 18 November. Mass vaccination began on 20 November. Efforts were also undertaken to eliminate mosquitoes. A team from the Naval Medical Research Unit Three (NAMRU-3) and the WHO Collaborating Center was deployed from Cairo to help collect and test samples and train local personnel. The vaccination campaign, from late November 2012 through early January 2013, covered more than 3 million people and halted the outbreak. A new phase of the campaign beginning in January covered more than 2 million more people at risk. One of the difficulties was maintaining a cold chain for vaccine viability while transporting vaccine by donkey into remote areas.
A situation report released on 10 January 2013 reported that 171 people had died of the disease as of 9 January 2013. The number of suspected cases since 2 September 2012 was 847. The Minister of Health had announced on 5 January that no additional cases had appeared in the previous 3 weeks.
References
2012 in Sudan
2012 disease outbreaks
Yellow fever
Disease outbreaks in Sudan
Darfur
The Nepal Federation of Trade Unions (ANTUF) () is a national trade union center representing workers in Nepal. The Federation had its origins in the Nepalese Civil War and was created by activists from the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). Following the peace accords in 2006, the ANTUF was founded in 2007. The ANTUF is made up of 35 affiliated organisations. In January 2019, following the creation of the Nepal Communist Party, talks commenced for a merger between the ANTUF and the General Federation of Nepalese Trade Unions (GEFONT).
Affiliates
The ANTUF has 30 affiliated unions:
All Nepal Industrial Workers' Union
All Nepal Transport Workers' Union
All Nepal Hotel, Casino and Restaurant Workers' Union
All Nepal Construction Workers' Union
All Nepal Health Workers' Union
All Nepal Communication, Press and Publication Workers' Union
All Nepal Garment and Textile Workers' Union
All Nepal Security Workers' Union
All Nepal Carpet Workers' Union
All Nepal Agriculture Workers' Union
All Nepal Painter Workers' Union
All Nepal Shop and Sales Workers' Union
All Nepal Tea Workers' Union
All Nepal Road Workers' Union
All Nepal Artist Workers' Union
All Nepal Institution, Bank and Finance Workers' Union
All Nepal metalworkers' Union
All Nepal Petroleum Workers' Union
All Nepal Rickshaw Workers' Union
All Nepal Self-Employed Workers' Union
All Nepal Tourism Workers' Union
All Nepal Domestic Workers' Union
All Nepal steelworkers' Union
All Nepal Auto-Mechanic Workers' Union
All Nepal Beautician Workers' Union
All Nepal Cleaning Workers' Union
All Nepal Brick Factory Workers' Union
All Nepal Government, Temporary, Daily Wage, Contract Workers' Union
All Nepal Social Institution National Workers' Forum
All Nepal Progressive Migrant Workers Forum
References
National trade union centers of Nepal
2007 establishments in Nepal
Martina Biolo (born 12 January 1996) is an Italian professional racing cyclist. She rides for the Aromitalia Vaiano team.
See also
List of 2015 UCI Women's Teams and riders
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Italian female cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Somma Lombardo
Cyclists from the Province of Varese
Anna Marie Julie Čekanová, known professionally as Anka Čekanová and Anna Čekanová-Kukulová, (26 February 1905 - 22 July 1965) was a Czechoslovak dancer and choreographer.
Early life
Anna Marie Julie Čekanová was born on 26 February 1905 in her family home at 42 Charvátova Street in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia. Her father, Václav Čekan, owned a hat factory and her mother, Anna Broft, ran a motion studio. She had a twin brother named Wenceslas.
Career
In 1916 Čekanová's father founded the Forest Theater in Řevnice. She danced and acted in several theatrical performances and became part of the Chekan Drama Company, which performed at the theater. In 1924 she performed the role of Salome in Oscar Wilde's Salomé with the original score by Jaroslav Křička.
She studied rhythmic gymnastics, expressionist dance, and Dalcroze eurhythmics with Alice Dubská, Helena Vojáčková, Volková, Vratislav, Leben-Vaňková, Kupferová, and Siblík. She made her professional debut as a soloist in 1926 at the Červená Sedma cabaret in Prague. Later that year she performed at the National Theatre. She danced accompanied with music by Franz Schubert, Bedřich Smetana, Jaroslav Ježek, and František Hilmar. She was a member of the Devetsil Art Association and founded her own dance company, collaborating with composers Jaroslav Křička and Otakar Ostrčil.
On 26 May 1930 she married Otakar Kukula and retired from her career as a solo artist. She continued to dance with the Forest Theater ensemble, and was credited under her married name. She and her husband had two children.
References
1905 births
1965 deaths
Czechoslovak choreographers
Czechoslovak female dancers
Dancers from Prague
Women choreographers
Interferon-stimulated gene 20 kDa protein is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ISG20 gene.
References
Further reading
The 1997–98 Australian Figure Skating Championships was held in North Ryde from 1 through 9 August 1997. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing across many levels, including senior, junior, novice, adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of primary and intermediate.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
results
1997 in figure skating
1998 in figure skating
Fig
Fig
Australian Figure Skating Championships
August 1997 sports events in Australia
Køge Nord (North) Station is an Intercity, regional and S-train station that opened on 1 June 2019 in Køge, Denmark. It is about 35 km southwest of Copenhagen. The station and the Copenhagen–Ringsted Line constitute part of the Fehmarn Belt connection to Germany, and also the main line to western Denmark. It will allow passengers to change trains between high-speed rail services and S-trains, as well as regional services. Crown Prince Frederik inaugurated the station on 31 May 2019.
The six platforms are built on each side of an eight-lane motorway (two S-train platforms to the east; the main line platforms to the west) and are connected by a 225-metre pedestrian bridge. The high-speed line between Ny Ellebjerg and Ringsted is now completed, but adjustments are needed at Ringsted station before trains can start running at 250 km/h. S-trains and a limited regional service began using Køge Nord the day after its inauguration. Intercity services started in December 2019.
The station was chosen as a world selection for the 2020 edition of the Prix Versailles in the passenger stations category, and won the special prize exterior.
See also
High-speed rail in Denmark
Copenhagen–Ringsted Line
Køge Bay Line
References
S-train (Copenhagen) stations
Railway stations opened in 2019
HMS Enchantress was the mercantile vessel of the same name, launched in 1802 at Ringmore. The British Royal Navy purchased her in 1804. She then spent her career sitting at Bristol serving as a storeship. She was transferred to the Customs service in 1817 and may have served with it until c.1850.
Career
Mercantile service
Enchantress entered Lloyd's Register in 1802 with John Cole, master, and trade Teignmouth-Dartmouth. This entry continued into 1805.
Royal Navy service
The Royal Navy purchased Enchantress in 1804 and commissioned her at Bristol in October 1805 under Lieutenant George M. Higginson. She then remained at Bristol. Between 1807 and 1811 her commander was Lieutenant Robert Pearce. Lieutenant James Pasley succeeded him in 1812, only to be succeeded in 1813 by Lieutenant Joshua L. Rowe. Enchantress, then lying at Pill, on 18 March 1813 fired minute guns during the funeral procession for Captain John Phillips, late regulating officer at Bristol. Lieutenant Charles Bostock took command of "Enchantress stationary receiving ship", on 7 April 1814. He remained into 1815.
Between May and June 1816 Enchantress was at Plymouth undergoing fitting as a receiving ship. Later she was fitted there as a quarantine ship for Milford. Still, on 18 September the "Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy" offered "Enchantress armed Vessel, of 176 tons" for sale at Plymouth.
Enchantress failed to sell so between January and April 1817 she underwent fitting at Sheerness for transfer to the Revenue Service. She was transferred to the Blackwater River Service in August 1818.
Post-military service
It is not clear how long Enchantress served with the Customs service. During the period of the Coastal Blockade (1817–31), there was an Enchantress at Rye that served as the headquarters of the organization for Kent and Sussex. This vessel began operations in 1819, but by one account was the French vessel Rencontre, which had grounded on the coast of Sussex and been converted to this new role. The National Maritime Museum had records that indicate that there was an Enchantress extant c.1850, but it is not clear which vessel this was.
Citations and references
Citations
References
1802 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships
Merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Ships of the Royal Navy
The Social Democratic Party of Slovakia (, SDSS) was a centre-left political party in Slovakia. Its last chairman, since 1993, was , and its chairman in 1992 was Alexander Dubček.
Czechoslovakia (until 1992)
The party arose after the Velvet Revolution, in January 1990, and declared that it will attempt to continue the work of the "Slovak Social Democratic Party of (the Kingdom of) Hungary" (1905–1918) and of other social democratic parties forbidden in 1948 by the Communists.
Most of the time it failed to win seats in elections. In 1992 the party gained five seats (6.1% of the votes in Slovakia) in the "House of Nations" (Sněmovna národů) of the federal parliament of Czechoslovakia, which however was only because the party chairman was briefly Alexander Dubček, the ex-Czechoslovak leader, in 1992. Prior to his early death in November 1992, he was one of their MP's in the federal parliament.
Independent Slovakia (from 1993)
From 1994 to 1997, the SDSS was a member of a coalition called "Common Choice" (Spoločná voľba) that gained 10.18% (5 seats) in the Slovak parliament. They did not form a part of the government.
Following the 1998 elections, they joined the ruling Slovak Democratic Coalition until 2002. When Slovakia became a member of the European Union (on 1 May 2004), they were a part of the pan-European Party of European Socialists, along with the Party of the Democratic Left. The SDSS was also a member of the Socialist International.
In 2003, an agreement was signed with the Direction (Smer) party to work closely together in all spheres. On 1 January 2005 the SDSS finally merged with Direction to form Direction – Social Democracy.
References
Political parties established in 1990
Political parties disestablished in 2005
Former member parties of the Socialist International
Direction – Social Democracy
Social democratic parties in Slovakia
The Markar Clock Tower also known as Borj-e Sa'at-e Markar () is the historical clock tower in Yazd, Iran.
History
The cost of building has been paid by a Zoroastrian from India, Markar. The clock tower has been made on 26 Oct 1942. The Markar clock tower or Borj-e Sa'at Markar is located in the middle of the Marker Clock Plaza. The Tower is located in the center point of Iran coordinately.
Architecture
The tower has a height of about 4 meters, a square shape, a pyramid on, and looks like as an obelisk. The Tower is located in the center point of Iran coordinately. The movement system has been made in London by J. Smith & Sons Co. The spring should be charged weekly.
Mirza Soroush obtained permission for, and supervised the construction of the Markar Plaza with gardens around it. The plaza is situated on the road to Kerman just north of the Markarabad school entrance.
There are poems on four sides of tower from a local poet, Naser, which located in two lines and should read clockwise. The upper line poem is about Ferdowsi, but the lower line is about the benefactor. The last hemstitch (شادم از کردار نیک مارکار) implies the end time/year of building of tower in Abjad numerals system; 13:20 or 1320 (Solar Hijri), as well as Markar's religion (Zoroastrian) by using one of his religion maxims: "Good Deeds"; (Persian: کردار نیک).
This hemstitch has an Abjad numeric value: 300+1+4+40+1+7+20+200+4+1+200+50+10+20+40+1+200+20+1+200=1320
Etymology
Sa'at means "clock", which refers to the four face clock in top of the tower. Markar is the name of benefactor who paid the cost of building.
Gallery
References
Buildings and structures in Yazd
Geographical centres
The MATS Institute of Management & Entrepreneurship was founded in 2001 as the first business school by The JGI Group.
References
External links
Business schools in Bangalore
Digital Jungle is a cross-cultural, digital marketing agency headquartered in Beijing, China. The core business of this agency is to work with Western organizations to market their products and services to a Chinese speaking audience. The agency creates and curates content, then distributes it over multiple marketing channels such as social media (SMM), on social platforms such as Sina Weibo, Tencent Weibo, WeChat, Twitter & Facebook as well as via search engine marketing and mobile/community applications.
Origins
Digital Jungle was founded in January 2011 by Dr. Mathew McDougall.
The initial focus of the Agency was to provide digital marketing services to Western firms looking at undertaking digital marketing activities in China. However, in response to the rapidly growing affluent Chinese consumer, the focus of the Agency shifted towards marketing to a Chinese speaking audience irrespective of where they were located.
Services
Digital Jungle provides brand marketing and strategy, Content Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Search Engine Marketing, Social Media Analytics, Mobile Marketing, Community development and management services.
Clients overview
The company's list of clients includes:
Lexus, Bentley, Cover-More, CITS, New Zealand Trade & Entreprise, AusTrade, Global Blue, PATA, CYTS, Hawaii Tourism, Tourism Fiji
Offices
Digital Jungle has offices in a number of locations:
Beijing, China (HQ)
Shanghai, China
Auckland, New Zealand
Sydney, Australia
London, UK
References
Digital Jungle partners with Saatchi Fallon in Tokyo, Saatchi & Saatchi News, 9 February 2012
Dr. McDougall's Presentation at Amplify Festival 2011, Marketing Interactive Magazine, 10 June 2011
Dr. Mathew McDougall, Chinese Social Media Universe, 2nd Edition, March 2012
External links
Marketing companies established in 2011
Companies based in Beijing
The little thornbird (Phacellodomus sibilatrix) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
Further reading
little thornbird
Birds of the Gran Chaco
little thornbird
little thornbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Letpatan Township () is a township in Tharrawaddy District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Letpadan.
About 200 students and supporters of the movement against Education Law were crushed down by police at Letpadan on 10 March 2015 after they had been blocked on their way to Yangon for nine days by police. Over 100 were arrested after being attacked brutally by police force.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Tharrawaddy District
Pahalmanpur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7155 living in 818 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
54th Regiment may refer to:
54th (City of London) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery
54th (West Norfolk) Regiment of Foot
54th Foot, name of the 43rd (Monmouthshire) Regiment of Foot prior to 1751
54th Regiment of Foot, name of the 52nd (Oxfordshire) Regiment of Foot prior to 1756
54th Indiana Infantry Regiment
54th Infantry Regiment (France)
54th Infantry Regiment (Imperial Japanese Army)
54th Infantry Regiment (United States)
54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment
54th Massachusetts Volunteer Regiment
54th New York Volunteer Infantry
54th Ohio Infantry
54th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment
54th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Mounted Infantry
54th United States Colored Infantry Regiment
See also
54th Division (disambiguation)
Do You Like Brahms? () is a South Korean television series starring Kim Min-jae, Park Eun-bin, Kim Sung-cheol, Park Ji-hyun, Lee Yoo-jin and Bae Da-bin. It is a romance drama about the students of classical music at a prestigious institution. It aired on SBS from August 31 to October 20, 2020, every Monday and Tuesday at 22:00 (KST) time slot.
Synopsis
A drama about the dreams and love of classical music students who find their own happiness while learning music.
Cast
Main
Kim Min-jae as Park Joon-young
Park Sang-hoon as young Park Joon-young
Park Eun-bin as Chae Song-ah
Kim Sung-cheol as Han Hyun-ho
Park Ji-hyun as Lee Jung-kyung
Shin Soo-yeon as young Lee Jung-kyung
Lee Yoo-jin as Yoon Dong-yoon
Bae Da-bin as Kang Min-sung
Supporting
Kyunghoo Cultural Foundation
Ye Soo-jung as Na Moon-sook
Kim Jong-tae as Lee Sung-geun
Seo Jeong-yeon as Cha Young-in
Choi Dae-hoon as Park Sung-jae
Ahn Sang-eun as Jung Da-woon
Lee Ji-won as Kim Hae-na
Yang Jo-ah as Im Yoo-jin
Seoryeong University
Gil Hae-yeon as Song Jeong-hee
Baek Ji-won as Lee Soo-kyeong
Joo Seok-tae as Yoo Tae-jin
People around Chae Song-ah
Kim Hak-sun as Song-ah's father
Kim Sun-hwa as Song-ah's mother
Lee Noh-ah as Chae Song-hee, Song-ah's elder sister
Others
Kim Jung-young as Park Joon-young's mother
Ko So-hyun as Yang Ji-won, violinist
Kim Gook-hee as Ji-won's mother
Yoon Chan-young as Seung Ji-min, pianist
Kim Mi-kyung as maestro
Production
Director Jo Young-min and screenwriter Ryu Bo-ri previously collaborated on the 2019 SBS drama, .
The first script reading took place in April 2020 at the SBS Tanhyeon Production Center. The drama wrapped its filming on October 15, 2020.
The main cast (Kim Min-jae, Park Eun-bin, Park Ji-hyun and Kim Sung-cheol) appeared on the 518th episode of the variety show Running Man to promote the series while Park Eun-bin appeared on 206th episode of My Little Old Boy as a special host to promote the series.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Part 7
Part 8
Part 9
Part 10
Part 11
Chart performance
Viewership
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Classical music television series
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
Korean-language television shows
South Korean romance television series
2020 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
South Korean musical television series
Works about pianos and pianists
Works about violins and violinists
Television series by Studio S
Guðmundsson is an Icelandic patronym, meaning son of Guðmundur. The name may refer to:
Ágúst Guðmundsson (born 1947), Icelandic film director
Albert Guðmundsson (disambiguation)
Ari Guðmundsson (1927–2003), Icelandic Olympic ski jumper
Arinbjörn Guðmundsson (1932–2014), Icelandic chess master
Birkir Ívar Guðmundsson (contemporary), Icelandic professional handball player
Björgólfur Guðmundsson (born 1941), Icelandic billionaire businessman
Björn Hjörtur Guðmundsson (1911–1998), Icelandic master carpenter and environmental pioneer
Böðvar Guðmundsson (born 1939), Icelandic author, playwright, and poet
Einar Már Guðmundsson (born 1954), Icelandic author and poet
Guðmundur Guðmundsson (chess player) (1918–1974), Icelandic chess player
Guðmundur Guðmundsson (handballer) (born 1960), Icelandic professional handball coach
Guðmundur Guðmundsson (Mormon) (1825–1883), Icelandic Mormon missionary
Guðmundur Ívarsson Guðmundsson (1909–1987), Icelandic politician and minister
Haraldur Freyr Guðmundsson (born 1981), Icelandic professional football player
Herbert Guðmundsson (born 1953), Icelandic pop singer
Jóhann Berg Guðmundsson (born 1990), Icelandic professional football player
Jóhann Birnir Guðmundsson (born 1977), Icelandic professional football player
Jón Guðmundsson (1904–1988) was an Icelandic chess player.
Jón Axel Guðmundsson (born 1996), Icelandic basketball player.
Jón lærði Guðmundsson (1574–1658) was an Icelandic autodidact, poet, and alleged sorcerer.
Kristján Guðmundsson (born 1941), contemporary Icelandic conceptual artist
Kristmann Guðmundsson (1901–1983), Icelandic novelist of romantic fiction
Magnús Guðmundsson (1879–1937), Icelandic politician; member of the Althing 1916–1937
Páll Guðmundsson (born 1959), Icelandic sculptor and artist
Pétur Guðmundsson (basketball) (born 1958), Icelandic professional basketball player
Pétur Guðmundsson (athlete) (born 1962), Icelandic shot putter
Tómas Guðmundsson (1901–1983), Icelandic author and poet; known as “Reykjavík's poet”
Tryggvi Guðmundsson (born 1974), Icelandic professional football player
See also
Guðmundsdóttir
Icelandic-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Rosutl (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 80 as of 2010.
Geography
Rosutl is located 43 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Sekh and Ala are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
The Prisoner of Corbal is a 1936 British historical drama film directed by Karl Grune and starring Nils Asther, Hugh Sinclair and Hazel Terry. It is also known by the alternative title The Marriage of Corbal. It is set against the backdrop of the French Revolution.
The film was made at British and Dominions Elstree Studios as an independent production which was released by General Film Distributors. The film is based on the 1927 novel The Nuptials of Corbal by Rafael Sabatini.
Plot
The aristocrat Cleonie is the object of affection for both the Marquis of Corbal and Citizen-Deputy of the revolution, Varennes. The latter saves Cleonie from the guillotine by disguising her as his nephew and smuggling her out of France.
Cast
Critical reception
Writing for The Spectator in 1936, Graham Greene described the film as "incredibly silly and incredibly badly written but [with] a kind of wide-eyed innocence [...] which is almost endearing". Greene characterized the dialogue as "the worst I have heard these twelve months", and criticized the scenario and acting (which he attributed to the direction). Acknowledging the praise for this film from other reviewers Greene expressed concerns that other reviews may have been tainted by the presence of money.
TV Guide noted, "some racy bedroom scenes were clipped for the US release. The actors suffer from miscasting, but Asther gives an outstanding performance. Interesting use of camera angles stands out, as does the direction of the crowd scenes."
References
External links
1936 films
1930s historical drama films
British historical drama films
French Revolution films
Films directed by Karl Grune
Films based on British novels
Films set in the 18th century
Films shot at Imperial Studios, Elstree
British black-and-white films
1936 drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Lauren Lysaght (born 1949) is a New Zealand multidisciplinary artist. Her works are held in the collection of the Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki, the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, and the Sarjeant Gallery. She has exhibited widely in New Zealand since the early 1980s.
Early life
Lysaght was born in Hamilton in 1949. Lysaght grew up in Tauranga, the daughter of an Irish butcher father and an Italian mother. Lysaght credits an art teacher she met at Tauranga Girls' College, Claudia Jarman, with encouraging her passion to become an artist. At age 15 she was committed to the secure psychiatric institution Oakley Hospital, as she was considered not in 'full control'.
Career
In 1987 Lysaght started working as a full-time artist, and had her first solo exhibition at the Dowse Art Museum in Lower Hutt called Out of the Woodwork, an installation of found furniture customised by painting on it, titled to also mark her coming out as a lesbian.
Lysaght has been described as one of New Zealand's foremost social conscience artists, her works being often concerned with issues such as disability, poverty and mental illness. She has worked with mental health patients, elderly people in nursing homes, council housing tenants, and between 1984 and 1986 Lysaght helped set up an art programme at Arohata Women's Prison.
In 2016 Lysaght moved to Whanganui with her partner.
Notable solo exhibitions:
Kutarere Sunrise (2018) at Whakatāne Museum, Whakatane.
The Jar Room (2017) at Sarjeant on the Quay, Whanganui.
My Casa is Your Casa (2010) at Tauranga Art Gallery.
The Nita Gini Collection (2010) at City Gallery Wellington and the Gus Fisher Gallery in Auckland. This exhibition was an homage to her Italian grandmother and featured copies of well-known Crown Lynn works rendered in unconventional materials.
Outcomes (2008) at Aigantighe Gallery, Timaru. This work was created in response to the culture of 'beneficiary bashing' Lysaght saw in New Zealand culture.
Chateau Cardboard (2007) at Mary Newton Gallery, Wellington.
Citizen Cane No 52025 (2002) at the Sarjeant Gallery, the culmination of Lysaght's six month residency at Tylee Cottage in Whanganui. This exhibition responded to the experience of disability in an able-bodied world. The title of the show was drawn from the cane basket works made by Lysaght, and her disability parking permit number, 52025.
Hacker (2000) at Salamander Gallery, Christchurch, a tribute to computer hackers.
Four Legs Good (2000) at the Hawke's Bay Museum, Napier, New Zealand.
Hidden Agender (1995) at Rotorua Museum of Art and History Te Whare Taonga o Te Arawa.
Out of the Woodwork (1987) at the Dowse Art Museum, Lower Hutt.
Notable group exhibitions:
Glasgow Art Fair (2005) in Glasgow.
Auckland Triennial (2004) at Auckland City Gallery. Lysaght presented an installation titled Trifecta, a commentary on fantasy and gambling.
Sustainability The Land Remains (1999) at the Sarjeant Gallery, Whanganui. Other artists included Joanna Paul, Huhana Smith, Bronwynne Cornish, Grant Corbishley, Frances Jill Studd, Cushla Donaldson, and Andrew Drummond.
Awards and residencies:
Residency at the Arts Centre, Christchurch (2000).
Artist-in-residence at Tylee Cottage, Whanganui (2001).
Gold Medal Award Winner of the Art Addiction Annual Exhibition in Venice, Italy, for her work Day In Day Out.
Recipient of a Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council Grant.
Residency at Unitec, the site of the former hospital in which she was held as a teenager (2003). Lysaght saw this residency as a high-point in her career, as she was able to take 'revenge' for her experiences when committed to Oakley Hospital at age 15 through exploring art-making at the same site.
References
1949 births
Living people
New Zealand women artists
DeRo TFC (formerly DeRo United Futbol Academy) is Canadian soccer academy founded in 2012 by former Canadian professional soccer player Dwayne De Rosario based in the Scarborough district of Toronto, Ontario. They previously fielded a Canadian women's semi-professional soccer club that played in the League1 Ontario women's division.
History
The academy was founded in 2012 by Dwayne De Rosario to foster development for youth soccer players of both genders.
In 2018, they added a semi-professional team in the women's division of League1 Ontario with the core of their roster featuring many U21, university varsity, and post-university players of high quality. Peyvand Mossavat was named the semi-pro team's head coach. They defeated Durham United FA 2–0 on April 27 in their debut league match. They finished in sixth place in their inaugural season, narrowly missing a playoff berth. They were not listed as returning for the 2020 season.
In June 2021, the club became an official affiliate team of De Rosario's former club Toronto FC, joining their academy system and re-branded as DeRo TFC.
Seasons
Women
Notable players
Vital Kats
Nicole Kozlova
References
Association football clubs established in 2012
Soccer clubs in Toronto
Scarborough, Toronto
League1 Ontario teams
Women's soccer clubs in Canada
2012 establishments in Ontario
Toronto FC
Lee Cronin is an Irish film writer and director. He is best known as the writer/director of the 2014 Méliès d'Argent award-winning short, Ghost Train, and the well-reviewed 2019 horror film The Hole in the Ground. He is also set to write and direct the next film in the Evil Dead series called Evil Dead Rise.
Filmography
Short films
Feature films
Television
References
External links
Horror film directors
Living people
Irish film directors
Irish screenwriters
People from County Dublin
Year of birth missing (living people)
NGC 782 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Eridanus about 160 million light-years from the Milky Way. It was discovered by British astronomer John Herschel in 1834.
A type Ia supernova designated SN 2011eb was discovered in this galaxy on July 9, 2011. It was positioned west and south of the galactic core.
References
0782
Barred spiral galaxies
Eridanus (constellation)
007379
Forino (; ) is a village in the municipality of Gostivar, North Macedonia. Forino's distance is 5.15 km / 3.2 mi away from the center of the municipality.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 4,652 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Albanians 4,624
Serbs 1
Bosniaks 1
Others 26
Sports
Local football club KF Vardari plays in the Macedonian Second League (West Division).
Notable people
Talat Xhaferi, politician
References
External links
Villages in Gostivar Municipality
Albanian communities in North Macedonia
Francesca da Rimini, Op. 4, is an opera in four acts, composed by Riccardo Zandonai, with a libretto by , after D'Annunzio's play Francesca da Rimini. It was premiered at the Teatro Regio in Turin on 19 February 1914 and is still staged occasionally.
This opera is Zandonai's best-known work. In the New Grove Dictionary of Opera, Renato Chiesa calls it "one of the most original and polished Italian melodramas of the 20th century, [which] combines a powerful gift for Italian melody ... with an exceptional command of orchestration." Celebrated performers of the title role have included Gilda dalla Rizza, Magda Olivero (who recorded excerpts from the opera in 1969, for Decca Records), Raina Kabaivanska and Renata Scotto.
Roles
Synopsis
The story takes place in Ravenna and Rimini.
Francesca, daughter of Guido I da Polenta, for state reasons, is to be married to Giovanni, known as Gianciotto, the malformed son of Malatesta da Verucchio. But as Francesca would certainly refuse to marry the lame and deformed Gianciotto, she is introduced in the first act, by means of a well-laid plot, to his handsome younger brother, Paolo, known as Il bello. Under the impression that Paolo is her destined bridegroom, Francesca falls deeply in love with him at first sight; he also falls passionately in love with her, although they do not exchange a single word.
The next act takes place on the platform of a tower of the Malatesti, while a battle rages between the Guelphs and Ghibellines. Francesca, now married to Gianciotto, meets Paolo and reproaches him for the fraud practised on her. He begs forgiveness and reveals his intense passion for her. Gianciotto brings the news of Paolo's election as Captain of the People and Commune of Florence. Paolo departs for Florence.
In the third act Francesca, in her luxurious apartment, is reading the story of Lancelot and Guinevere to her women. They then dance and sing in celebration of the advent of Spring, until, on a whispered word from her slave, Francesca dismisses them. Paolo, sick with longing for her, has returned from Florence. He enters; they continue reading the story of Guinevere together, until, no longer in control of their feelings, they let their lips meet in a long kiss.
In the fourth act, Malatestino, Gianciotto's youngest brother, who himself lusts for Francesca, has discovered her secret meetings with Paolo. After Francesca refuses to give in to his sexual advances, Malatestino betrays Francesca and Paolo to Gianciotto, who determines to find out the truth for himself. Accordingly, Gianciotto lies in wait outside Francesca's door, and surprising her and Paolo together at early dawn, he slays them both.
Selected recordings
References
Further reading
Modern Music and Musicians, vol. 1. The University Society, New York. (1918)
The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1992
External links
Libretto
Italian-language operas
Operas by Riccardo Zandonai
Verismo operas
Operas
1914 operas
Operas set in Italy
Operas based on plays
Operas set in the 13th century
Operas based on real people
Cultural depictions of Francesca da Rimini
Operas based on works by Dante Alighieri
Operas based on works by Gabriele D'Annunzio
Works based on Inferno (Dante)
Jaime Hernández González (born 18 September 1953) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2000 to 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Jalisco.
References
1953 births
Living people
Politicians from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Jalisco
Kranidia is a village located on the south bank of the river Aliakmon in Servia municipality, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 320 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50500, while the telephone code is +30 24640. At the 2011 census the population was 461.
The regional capital, Kozani, is 31 km away.
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
Gerwin is a Dutch and German given name, containing the Germanic roots ger ("spear") and win ("friend"). Notable people with the name include:
Gerwin Pardoel (born 1981), Dutch rapper known as Gers
Gerwin van der Werf (born 1969), Dutch novelist and composer
See also
Gervin
Gerwen, a village in Dutch Brabant, derived from "Gerwin's home"
Georg Gottfried Gervinus (1805–1871), German literary and political historian
References
Dutch masculine given names
German masculine given names
George Wigan (c1692 – 11 November 1776) was a tutor at Christ Church, Oxford then rector of St Mary's, Oldswinford in Worcestershire.
George Wigan was born at Kensington, the oldest son of William Wigan and Mary (née Sonds) to survive to adulthood and brother of John Wigan. He was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford, matriculating on 9 June 1711 at the age of 18. He was awarded his BA, 1715; MA, 1718; DD (by diploma) 19 June 1749. Wigan was ordained deacon by George Hooper, Bishop of Bath and Wells (20 December 1719).
Career
Wigan remained at Christ Church as a tutor. One of his students was John Wesley who wrote to his mother on 23 September 1723 reporting that “Mr Wigan had resigned his pupils and was retired into the country to one of his livings.” Wesley goes on to note that “The small-pox and fever are now very common in Oxford; of the latter a very ingenious young gentleman of our College died yesterday, being the fifth day from the beginning of his illness. There is not any other in the College sick at present, and it is hoped that the approach of winter will stop the spreading of the distemper.”.
George Wigan was a resident rector of Oldswinford, Worcestershire, from 1722 until death and non-resident rector of Ashbury, formerly in Berkshire also from 1722 to death, the previous incumbent having died of smallpox (conferred by Bishop Hooper) Wigan acted as steward at the annual Anniversary of the Sons of the Clergy service at St Paul's Cathedral on 12 December 1723,
The early eighteenth century antiquarian, Thomas Hearne, attributed a number of publications to George Wigan. In 1722, Hearne attributed the editing of a volume of John Ernest Grabe's Septuagint which included authoring its Prolegomena. Wigan is variously credited with editing volume 3 or volume 4 but there is no indication of his contribution in either volume. (It is more probable that he contributed to volume 3 which was published after Grabe's death.) Hearne also claimed that George Wigan was admitted as Principal of New Inn Hall, Oxford. In fact, it was John Wigan.
George Wigan did not marry, living out his life at Oldswinford and being buried there on 16 November 1776. For part of that time, his unmarried sister, Mary, lived at Oldswinford. She was buried there on 26 July 1763.
References
1776 deaths
18th-century English Anglican priests
1692 births
Meemure is a village with a population of about 420 people living in if it is located near the border between Kandy District and Matale District in the Knuckles Mountain Range. Meemure is one of the most remote villages in Sri Lanka with the only access via a trail from the town of Loolwatte. There is no cellular service available in the village, but a CDMA telephone service is available. There is no direct mail delivery to the village; a villager journeys each day to Thapal Junction to exchange incoming and outgoing postal mail with a postman.
Lakegala mountain is in Meemure village. Residents of the village depend on several staple crops including pepper, cardamom, paddy and ginger. The distance from Colombo capital to Meemure is about 175 km.
Route
Meemure is approximately a 7-hour drive from Colombo, in an off-road vehicle. The main route is via Kandy city which is 116 km away from Colombo. Then Kandy-Mahiyangana Road (A26) towards to Mahiyangana. Turn to Left from Hunnasgiriya Junction which is 35 km away from Kandy. Then go towards the Loolwatte Village which is 15 km away from Hunnasgiriya Junction. Then from Loolwatte it is about another 15 km to the Meemure Village. The nearest Police station is Udadumbara Police.
On your way to Meemure from Colombo are a number of sites, including Hulu Ganga (River), Victoria Reservoir, Teldeniya New Town (Teldeniya was flooded in filling the Reservoir behind the Victoria Dam, Mahaweli Project), Dothalugala Forest and Botanical Garden, Mini Worlds End, Coberts Gap (Attala Mottuwa) a place where lot of wind blowing to the other side, Meemure and Lakegala Mountain where, according to legend, King Rawana lifted his Air Plane called Dhadu Monara.
References
External links
Article about History of Meemure & culture
Article about Meemure in the Sunday Times
Things to do in Meemure
Article about Meemure in the Daily News
Populated places in Kandy District
"Boy Oh Boy" is a song by American DJ and record producer Diplo and EDM duo GTA. It was released on October 7, 2013 via Mad Decent. The song was from Diplo's compilation album Random White Dude Be Everywhere.
Composition
The song uses a sample from "Work it" (2002) by Missy Elliot, and it is written in the key of C♯ Minor, with a tempo of 130 beats per minute.
Music video
The music video was released on March 26, 2014, and it was made with the help of fans, showed many vines like: "flamboyant dancing, dogs DJing, sports fails, and of course, an abundance of twerking."
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2013 songs
2013 singles
Diplo songs
Songs written by Diplo
The Buru friarbird or black-faced friarbird (Philemon moluccensis) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to the island of Buru in the Maluku Islands, Indonesia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Buru friarbird
Birds of Buru
Buru friarbird
Buru friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Take is a 2007 American crime drama film directed by Brad Furman and starring John Leguizamo, Tyrese Gibson, Bobby Cannavale, and Rosie Perez. The plot concerns an armored-truck driver who survives a violent hijacking and becomes obsessed with tracking down his attackers. It was released on April 11, 2008.
Plot synopsis
Felix De La Pena (John Leguizamo) is a hardworking armored-truck driver, a loving husband to his wife Marina (Rosie Perez) and a caring father of two in Los Angeles's Boyle Heights neighborhood. After being abducted and shot in the head during a hijacking led by Adell Baldwin (Tyrese Gibson), Felix loses his memory, exhibits erratic post-trauma behavior, and is framed as a prime suspect for the crime. Since he cannot provide any leads to FBI agent Steve Perelli (Bobby Cannavale), Felix is forced to try to find his assailant by himself.
Cast
John Leguizamo as Felix De La Pena
Tyrese Gibson as Adell Baldwin
Bobby Cannavale as Agent Steve Perelli
Rosie Perez as Marina De La Pena
Production
Both John Leguizamo and Rosie Perez admitted sex scenes with them together felt uncomfortable because they are close friends and attend church together.
Reviews
References
External links
Toronto International Film Festival
2007 films
2007 crime drama films
American crime drama films
Films directed by Brad Furman
2007 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Subodh Sen (1917-1989) was an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). His parents were Nirendra Binod Sen and Labbanya Sen. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Jalpaiguri in 1980.
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
1917 births
1989 deaths
Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from West Bengal
People from Jalpaiguri
India MPs 1980–1984
Lok Sabha members from West Bengal
Bath Beach is a neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York City, United States. It is located at the southwestern edge of the borough on Gravesend Bay. The neighborhood borders Bensonhurst and New Utrecht to the northeast across 86th Street; Dyker Beach Park and Golf Course to the northwest across 14th Avenue; and Gravesend to the east across Stillwell Avenue.
History
Bath Beach held one of Brooklyn's earliest African-American settlements. Freed slaves were given a parcel of land to settle in the mid-nineteenth century. The church that was once located in the heart of that community, Mount Zion Baptist, has moved to Bedford-Stuyvesant.
The term "Bath Beach" once described the beach resort specifically as part of the community of Bath, New York. Bath and Bath Beach are now more or less synonymous. The population of Bath Beach received a boost at the end of 1863 when steam dummy railroad service connected the community to the City of Brooklyn horsecar system terminal at 25th Street and 5th Avenue in Sunset Park. Bath Beach, named for the English spa, Bath, Somerset, was developed as a recreational seaside retreat for affluent families. It was part of the original Brooklyn town of New Utrecht. Although Coney Island was nearby, Bath Beach also had its own amusement park.
Despite its name, the neighborhood no longer has an actual beach. The beach was paved over during the mid-twentieth century to create the Shore Parkway. On the northwestern half, a promenade was constructed to allow residents access to a sea wall. The southwestern half, filled in with land excavated from the construction of the Shore (Belt) Parkway in the early 1940s, extended Bensonhust Park, from Cropsey Avenue with ballfields and, later, the Ceasar's Bay shopping center.
Demographics
Bath Beach is primarily a working-class community of semi-attached houses and small apartment houses. Bath Beach is becoming a mixed ethnic community as more recent Chinese, Middle Eastern, and former Soviet immigrants mix with the more established Italian-American population. The neighborhood contains a variety of small mom-and-pop businesses intermixed with chain stores, most of which are located at the Bay Shopping Center at the terminus of Bay Parkway, as well as on 86th Street.
Based on data from the 2010 United States Census, the population of Bath Beach was 29,931, an increase of 1,359 (4.8%) from the 28,572 counted in 2000. Covering an area of , the neighborhood had a population density of .
The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 54.8% (16,389) White, 0.9% (273) African American, 0.1% (21) Native American, 29.9% (8,953) Asian, 0.0% (10) Pacific Islander, 0.2% (67) from other races, and 1.1% (324) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 13.0% (3,894) of the population.
Bath Beach has had a long history of being predominantly populated by Italian Americans just like other surrounding areas like Bensonhurst, Dyker Heights, and Gravesend. However, since the beginning of the 21st century, large influx of Asian or American-Asian residents, mainly of Chinese heritage have been moving into these neighborhoods and in the 2020 census data according to NYC Dept. Of City Planning, each the white population and Asian population in Bath Beach were between 10,000 to 19,999 indicating that the neighborhood approximately are almost equally white and Asian populated, though a CNN article about the US racial populations shows in further detail that the white population is just slightly higher than the Asian population in Bath Beach. However, as of 2020, Dyker Heights and Bensonhurst showed the Asian populations surpassing the white populations for the first time in history.
Street grid
Streets of the neighborhood have a unique nomenclature. Four two-way thoroughfares traverse the neighborhood, running southeast/northwest, parallel to Shore Parkway: these are Cropsey Avenue, Bath Avenue, Benson Avenue, and 86th Street. Another, Harway Avenue, runs from Stillwell only as far as 24th Avenue. The one-way northeast/southwest cross-streets are numbered, with the word "Bay" attached (to distinguish them from other numbering systems elsewhere in the borough), from Bay 7th Street in the northwest through Bay 54th Street in the southeast. Every third "Bay" numbered street is replaced with a two-way numbered avenue, from 14th Avenue in the northwest to 28th Avenue in the southeast (except for what would be 22nd Avenue, which is called Bay Parkway). These avenues (as well as 86th Street) are part of the larger grid of avenues and streets encompassing other neighborhoods to the north and west, in the former Towns of Gravesend, New Utrecht, and Brooklyn. Belt Parkway runs on the shorefront north of Bay Parkway and is close to the shorefront south of Bay Parkway.
Parks
Parks in Bath Beach include Bath Playground, Calvert Vaux Park, Scarangella Playground, and Anthony Catanzaro Square.
Transportation
Bath Beach is served by the of the New York City Subway system, along the BMT West End Line. Stations along the line serving the community are 18th Avenue, 20th Avenue, Bay Parkway, 25th Avenue, and Bay 50th Street. MTA Regional Bus Operations routes serving Bath Beach include the in addition to the . express routes.
Library
The Brooklyn Public Library's Ulmer Park branch is located at 2602 Bath Avenue near 26th Avenue. It was founded as a subdivision of another library in 1951 before becoming a full-fledged circulation branch in 1956. The current building was opened in 1963 and was renovated in 2016.
In popular culture
During the 1970s, Bath Beach's commercial strip along 86th Street was used for scenes in the 1971 feature film The French Connection, in the opening credits to the popular television series Welcome Back, Kotter, and most famously in the opening scene of the 1977 feature film Saturday Night Fever. Tony Manero, the lead character (played by John Travolta), walks along the sidewalk, admires shoes in a storefront window, buys two (stacked) slices of pizza through a pizzeria window-counter at Lenny's Pizza, and ends up at the hardware store where he works (based on a real hardware store on Fifth Avenue in nearby Bay Ridge). The strip was used again in 2016 for the filming of Red Hot Chili Peppers - Go Robot music video. The film John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum features the main character on horseback along 86th Street.
References
Neighborhoods in Brooklyn
Little Italys in the United States
Populated coastal places in New York (state)
Italian-American culture in New York City
Russian-American culture in New York City
Chinese-American culture in New York City
The 1968 Bexley Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
The Daly College Ground also known as the Scindia cricket ground, is located at the Daly College in Indore, Madhya Pradesh. The Scindia Pavillion was donated by HH Maharaja Madho Rao Scindia of Gwalior State.
The ground has hosted five First-class cricket matches, when Holkar cricket team played against Madhya Pradesh cricket team beginning in 1955 through 2001.
The ground has hosted ten List A match from 2002 to 2005. The first match was played between Uttar Pradesh cricket team and Railways cricket team in 2002. Since then the ground has hosted non-first-class matches.
See also
Daly College
Yeshwant Club
Yeshwant Club Ground
Holkar Stadium
Nehru Stadium
References
External links
Cricinfo profile
Cricketarchive.com
Daly College Ground
Sports venues in Indore
Cricket grounds in Madhya Pradesh
Multi-purpose stadiums in India
Sports venues completed in 1910
1910 establishments in India
Foster is a small lunar impact crater that lies to the southeast of the larger crater Joule, on the far side of the Moon. The rim of Foster is slightly eroded, and the narrow inner walls slope directly down to the relatively dark interior floor. The rim has a small outward bulge along the southwest side. There is a small craterlet on the floor next to the northern rim. A tiny impact in the southeast part of the crater interior is surrounded by a small skirt of high albedo material, producing a bright patch.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Foster.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Andermatt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adrian Andermatt (born 1969), Swiss swimmer
Clara Andermatt (born 1963), Portuguese contemporary dancer and choreographer
Joseph Leonz Andermatt (1740–1817), Swiss general
Martin Andermatt (born 1961), Swiss footballer and manager
Werner Andermatt (1916–2013), Swiss painter
Club Sport Marítimo, mostly known as Marítimo, was a football team from Caracas, Venezuela. The club was founded in 1959 by Portuguese immigrants living in Caracas, who based their new club on their favourite team from back home, CS Marítimo, from the island of Madeira, who today compete in the Superliga. The club was dissolved in 1995.
Achievements
Primera División Venezolana: 4
1986/87, 1987/88, 1989/90, 1992/93
Segunda División Venezolana: 2
1985, 2003/04
Copa de Venezuela: 2
1988, 1989
Performance in CONMEBOL competitions
Copa Libertadores: 5 appearances
1988: First Round
1989: First Round
1991: First Round
1992: Round of 16
1994: First Round
Copa CONMEBOL: 1 appearance
1992: First Round
References
Association football clubs established in 1959
Football clubs in Venezuela
Football clubs in Caracas
1959 establishments in Venezuela
Association football clubs disestablished in 1995
1995 disestablishments in Venezuela
Defunct football clubs in Venezuela
Jon García Herrero (born 4 June 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Racing de Ferrol as a central defender or a full-back.
Club career
Born in Bilbao, Biscay, Basque Country, García graduated from Athletic Bilbao's youth setup, and made his senior debut with the farm team in the 2009–10 season, in Tercera División. In June 2011 he was promoted to the reserves, who competed in Segunda División B.
García was released by Athletic on 26 May 2014, and signed with CD Lugo on 7 July. He made his professional debut on 11 September, starting in a 1–0 home win against AD Alcorcón in the second round of the Copa del Rey. He played his first game in Segunda División on 18 October, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 away loss to Deportivo Alavés.
In February 2015, García suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury, being successfully operated the following month. The following January, after making a full recovery, he joined Racing de Santander.
García continued competing in the third tier the following years, representing Sestao River Club and SD Ponferradina. While at the service of the latter club, he suffered another serious knee ailment.
Late into the 2020 January transfer window, García was loaned to Racing de Ferrol of the same league. Upon returning to Ponfe, he terminated his contract on 3 September.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Bilbao
Association football defenders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CD Basconia footballers
Bilbao Athletic footballers
Athletic Bilbao footballers
CD Lugo players
Racing de Santander players
Sestao River footballers
SD Ponferradina players
Racing de Ferrol footballers
The South Korean television mystery music game show I Can See Your Voice premiered the fourth season on Mnet and tvN on March 2, 2017.
Gameplay
Format
Under the original format, the guest artist can eliminate one or two mystery singers after each round. The game concludes with the last mystery singer standing that depends on outcome of a duet performance with a guest artist.
Rewards
If the singer is good, he/she will have released a digital single; if the singer is bad, he/she wins .
Rounds
Each episode presents the guest artist six people whose identities and singing voices are kept concealed until they are eliminated to perform on the "stage of truth" or remain in the end to perform the final duet.
Episodes
Guest artists
Panelists
Postseason Showcase (July 6, 2017)
In the season finale, this episode includes an encore concert that featured former good singers returning to perform one last time, as well as rankings on mystery singers' performances for the past three seasons, including the current one.
Reception
Television ratings
Sources: Nielsen Media and
Notes
References
I Can See Your Voice (South Korean game show)
2017 South Korean television seasons
David James Fitzpatrick (born 28 February 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a left back for club Radcliffe.
He began his career playing semi-professional football for Northwich Victoria and New Mills in the Northern Premier League. He won the Cheshire Senior Cup with Northwich in 2011, scoring both goals in the final. He joined Southport in 2013 and established himself in the Conference Premier with 80 league appearances in two seasons, also winning three caps for the England C team. He signed with Macclesfield Town in September 2015 and soon established himself in the first-team, helping the club to reach the 2017 FA Trophy final. He played all 46 league games of the 2017–18 National League title winning campaign and made his debut in the English Football League the next season at the age of 28. He signed with Port Vale in August 2020 and moved on to Altrincham 12 months later. He signed with Chester in January 2022 and moved on to Radcliffe five months later.
Club career
Early career
Born in Manchester, Fitzpatrick started his career at Stockport County before joining Northern Premier League Premier Division side Northwich Victoria in November 2010. Having made over 30 appearances for the club over the course of the 2010–11 season, scoring five goals, he signed a new contract at the end of the season. He scored both of Northwich's goals in their 2–0 victory over Altrincham in the Cheshire Senior Cup final.
As a result of a lack of first-team action, Fitzpatrick was released by Victoria in October 2011 in order to join Northern Premier League Division One South side New Mills. Fitzpatrick made ten appearances for New Mills, scoring four goals, before rejoining Northwich Victoria on 23 December 2011. Northwich finished the 2011–12 season in second place but were actually relegated due to financial issues. In the summer of 2012, Fitzpatrick rejoined New Mills on a permanent basis. The "Millers" finished third in the 2012–13 campaign, but lost out to Trafford in the play-off semi-finals. Whilst playing in the Northern Premier League he also turned out for Altrincham Sunday League pub side Brookland's Tap and worked a full-time job in Human Resources for a claims company.
Southport
After an impressive season at New Mills, he joined Southport on 28 July 2013, who were managed by former Northwich manager Alan Wright. In Fitzpatrick's first season in the Conference Premier, he made 46 appearances and scored his only goal on the last day of the 2013–14 season, "a stunning 30-yard strike" in a 2–1 win over FC Halifax Town at Haig Avenue, won him the club's Goal of the Season award. His second season at the club saw him make 37 league appearances under three different managers: Martin Foyle, Gary Brabin and Paul Carden.
Macclesfield Town
Following trial periods at Crawley Town and Stevenage, Fitzpatrick joined Macclesfield Town in September 2015 on a four-month contract. In January 2016, his contract with the club was extended until the end of the season. After making 37 appearances for Macclesfield during the 2015–16 season, with Fitzpatrick praised for his performances, he signed a one-year contract extension at the end of the season. The 2016–17 campaign saw Fitzpatrick make 37 league appearances, whilst he also played in the 2017 FA Trophy final at Wembley Stadium, where Macclesfield lost 3–2 to York City. He signed another one-year contract extension in the summer. The 2017–18 season was another successful season for Fitzpatrick as he appeared in every one of Macclesfield's 46 league matches as the club finished top of the National League, and were promoted to League Two, with Fitzpatrick signing a new two-year contract with Macclesfield Town as a result. He was also named in the Non-League Paper's National League Team of the Season, alongside teammate Danny Whitaker and manager John Askey.
On 4 August 2018, he made his first appearance in the English Football League (EFL) in a 3–2 defeat to Swindon Town, before going on to make 40 appearances, scoring thrice in a season where Macclesfield would marginally survive relegation, finishing 22nd. The 2019–20 season saw Fitzpatrick make 21 appearances without scoring as Macclesfield would survive relation despite a points deduction as a result of Bury's expulsion from the Football League, with the "Silkmen" eventually finishing 23rd. Fitzpatrick accused the EFL of unfairly treating the club as they were deducted a total of 13 points, whilst the League Two campaigns was ended early due to the COVID-19 pandemic in England. However on 11 August, the EFL won an appeal to an independent arbitration panel to deduct a further four points from Macclesfield, relegating the club into the National League and handing a reprieve to Stevenage. He was released at the end of the 2019–20 season.
Port Vale
On 25 August 2020, Fitzpatrick signed a one-year contract with Port Vale after impressing on trial. He said the decision to sign up was "a no-brainer really" as he previously worked well with former Macclesfield manager John Askey and players such as Danny Whitehead. He was one of 15 players that were released at the end of the 2020–21 season.
Altrincham
He went on to have a trial with Altrincham after manager Phil Parkinson faced an injury crisis in pre-season, with Andy White, Connor Hampson and Shaun Densmore all ruled out; Fitzpatrick was signed to a contract with the National League club on 1 August 2021. On 31 December 2021, Fitzpatrick departed the club at the end of his short-term contract following the return of the injured players whom he was brought in to cover.
Chester
On 6 January 2022, Fitzpatrick joined National League North side Chester on a deal until the end of the 2021–22 season; he had previously worked with manager Steve Watson at Macclesfield. His arrival led to the departure of previous incumbent left-back Josh Askew. He made 20 appearances to help the "Seals" to avoid relegation and Watson credited his experience as part of an improved defensive record at the Deva Stadium.
Radcliffe
On 27 June 2022, Fitzpatrick joined Northern Premier League Premier Division club Radcliffe.
International career
On 19 November 2013, Fitzpatrick made his debut for the England C team in a 2–2 draw with the Czech Republic U21. He won further caps against Slovakia U23 and Hungary in May 2014.
Style of play
Fitzpatrick is a left-back with good composure who likes to play a simple game.
Personal life
Fitzpatrick worked in Human resources from 2010 to 2020.
Career statistics
Honours
Northwich Victoria
Cheshire Senior Cup: 2011
Macclesfield Town
FA Trophy runner-up: 2017
National League: 2017–18
References
1990 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Stockport County F.C. players
Northwich Victoria F.C. players
New Mills A.F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
Macclesfield Town F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Altrincham F.C. players
Chester F.C. players
Radcliffe F.C. players
Northern Premier League players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
England semi-pro international footballers
Skeleton Jar is the second album by Youth Group. It was first released in Australia on 22 March 2004, and on 24 May 2005 on Epitaph Records in the United States with a re-arranged track listing and one new song. The US version was released in Australia as a "repackaged" album in July 2004. In 2011 the album was voted #98 on Australian radio station Triple J's Hottest 100 Australian Albums of All Time (Industry List).
The album marked a transition point for the band, whose lineup had been stable for the first six years. Over the course of the recording sessions, bassist Andy Cassell and guitarist Paul Murphy quit, to be replaced by Patrick Matthews and Cameron Ellison–Elliott respectively, while Johnno Lattin also played bass on some tracks after Cassell's departure. "All of a sudden everything's gone kind of haywire," songwriter and singer-guitarist Toby Martin said.
Martin said the album added a strong folk flavour to the band's rock roots. He told the Herald Sun: "I've definitely been listening to older stuff in the time leading up to recording this record—like Dylan and the Velvet Underground. I really like country and folk music, so I think it's always going to come through. Maybe this time it's come through in a more authentic way, rather than playing with a genre, just playing it because we like it. I think the guitar-picking stuff on this record mostly comes from Bob Dylan or Nick Drake and that sort of stuff, more folk kind of things."
Music videos were produced for the singles "Skeleton Jar," "Shadowland" and "Baby Body."
Track listing
All songs by Youth Group.
Notes
The song deleted from the 2005 release, "Rosie and the Sea," appeared on the band's "Shadowland" single.
The song "Someone Else's Dream" on the 2005 release was later issued on the band's "Forever Young" single in February 2006.
Personnel
Toby Martin – vocals, guitar
Cameron Ellison-Elliott – guitar
Patrick Matthews – bass
Danny Lee Allen – drums
Andy Cassell – bass
Johnno Lattin – bass
Paul Murphy – lead guitar
Additional personnel
Wayne Connolly – pedal steel
References
2004 albums
Youth Group albums
Ivy League Records albums
Epitaph Records albums
Egenhofen is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Fürstenfeldbruck (district)
{{Infobox royalty
| image = Tukoji Rao Holkar.png
| succession = 4th Holkar Ruler of Indore
| name = Tukoji Rao Holkar
| caption = Tukoji Rao Holkar
| title = subadar (Ruler of Indore) | religion = Hinduism
| full name =
| coronation =
| birth_date = 26 June 1723
| birth_place =
| death_date =
| death_place =
| reign = 1795 - 1797
| predecessor = Ahilyabai Holkar
| successor = Kashi Rao Holkar
| spouse = Rakhmabai Holkar, Radhabai Holkar
| father = Tanuji HolkarMalhar Rao Holkar (adoptive)
| mother =
| issue = Kashi Rao HolkarVithoji Rao HolkarYashwant Rao HolkarMalhar Rao II Holkar
}}
Tukoji Rao Holkar (26 June 1723 – 15 August 1797), belonging to the Holkar clan of the Marathas was the feudatory of Indore (r. 1795–1797). Tukoji Holkar was the adopted son of Malhar Rao Holkar, he was the second son of Shrimant Tanuji Holkar, a nephew of Malhar Rao Holkar. Thus he was also the grand-nephew of Malhar Rao Holkar. He married two wives. He had four sons Kashi Rao, Malhar Rao II Holkar, Yashwant Rao, Vithoji Rao.
Life and Career
Tukoji Rao Holkar was from the Dhangar community. After the demise of Ahilyabai Holkar, Tukoji Rao was the only suitable person who could preserve the splendour of Holkar kingdom intact. He became the fourth ruler of the kingdom for a short period from 1795 to 1797 and protected the province as a courageous soldier. It was a time of crisis when Tukoji Rao received the responsibility of the Holkar Kingdom. Khanderao, husband of Ahilyabai had already lost his life in Kumbher war of 1754. Tukoji Rao Holkar was the most trustworthy commander-in-chief of Shreemant Malhar Rao Holkar. While on death bed, Malhar Rao's appreciation of Tukoji further intensified his loyalty to the royal house of Holkars. Malhar Rao said "You are the only one who can uphold my name and protect Prince Male Rao Holkar (grandson of Malhar Rao) after my death". But, Male Rao also had a very short-life span. He died on 13 March 1767 due to sickness. At this juncture, it was Tukoji Rao who has submitted himself to the service of Ahilyabai and she could withstand with the challenges she had in the service of her people of Malwa. Ahilyabai also respected him as her brother-in-law as Tukoji Rao was the adopted son of Malhar Rao Holkar I.
The remarkable and sincere services rendered by Tukoji Rao Holkar I during the reign of Malhar Rao Holkar I as a Commander in his army and during Ahilyabai Holkar as a Commander-in-Chief could congregate much recognition to his extraordinary talents in administration and as a chief of the armed forces. He, in the meantime, never forgot for a moment his original sense of obligation to the royal house of Holkars. He was more than obedient; he was dutiful, and all his actions were directed to please and conciliate the royal chair to which he was solely indebted for his high station. The people of Malwa felt themselves secure in the hands of Tukoji Rao Holkar I and the territories comprising the Holkar State continued to be prosperous for nearly two years after the death of Ahilya Bai.
He actively participated in the conquests of Punjab and fought in the Battles of Lahore, Attock, and Peshawar in which he commanded many of the Maratha forces in the Punjab region and the frontier regions of Attock and Peshawar. He also conquered Jallalabad for a brief period where he defeated Jahan Khan. Later after the debacle in Third Battle of Panipat, he played an important role Maratha Resurrection and subsequent First Anglo-Maratha War. Post that his relation with Mahadaji Scindia deteriorated.
Tukoji Rao died on 15 August 1797. He left behind him "the character of a good soldier, a plain, unaffected man and one whose courage was superior to his craft. The records show that during his lifetime he never used a seal of his own, and always been remained loyal to Malhar Rao and his family until his last breath."
In popular culture
In the 1994 Hindi TV series The Great Maratha'', Tukoji's character was portrayed by Sanjay Mahendirata.
In 2021-22 Hindi TV series Punyashlok Ahilyabai, the character is portrayed by Siddharth Bannerjee initially and then Sandeep Vasantrao Gaikwad.
See also
Javji Bamble
References
1723 births
1795 deaths
Maharajas of Indore
Liometopum apiculatum is a species of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae. Liometopum apiculatum ants are found in arid and semi-arid regions of southwestern United States and Mexico to Quintana Roo.
Taxonomy
Liometopum apiculatum was first described by Mayr (1870), who described the workers of this species. Emery (1895) later described the queens of this species; Wheeler (1905) described the males and Wheeler & Wheeler (1951) described the larvae. Shattuck (1994) considered L. apiculatum a senior synonym of Liometopum masonium. This species was also confirmed by Del Toro et al. (2009).
Habitat
Liometopum apiculatum ants are found in arid and semi-arid regions of southwestern United States and Mexico to Quintana Roo. They extend from Colorado through Texas, New Mexico, southeastern Arizona, and south into Mexico. They are usually found at elevations of , but their prime habitat is oak forests found around . At higher elevations they are found in pinyon pine zones, up to the ponderosa pine and riparian zones; at lower elevations they inhabit creosote bush scrub and grasslands in microhabitats of clay, under rocks, boulders, and decaying logs. They have also been found in foothill meadows, deciduous canyon forests, pinyon-cedar woodlands, ponderosa pine-cedar-oak woodlands, and cottonwood–willow forests. At high elevations, their abundance decreases and they are replaced by L. luctuosum. Altitude may play an important role in the distribution of Liometopum. In regions of Mexico explored by , L. luctuosum and L. apiculatum are only found between . Although conditions below looked favorable, they are absent. In the U.S., L. apiculatum is found from .
Nests
Nests of L. apiculatum are typically located underground and have a very distinctive structure. They fill hollowed-out chambers with a branched network of carton-like material made out of agglomerated soil and oral secretions until the entire nest resembles Swiss cheese. Within the nest as many as three or four large chambers containing this honeycombed carton-like material can be found. The carton-like material of this species is much finer than that of L. uctuosum. L. apiculatum tend to nest at higher densities than do L. luctuosum. These ants are usually found nesting in dead logs, under stones, or in decaying stalks of Yucca spp. They have also been collected in glass containers and rubber tires and among the roots of various perennial xerophytes such as Agave spp., Opuntia spp., Myrtillocactus geometrizans, Yucca filifera, Senecio praecox, Schinus molle or Prosopis juliflora. In some habitats, the nests are deep under heavy boulders or large trees. The queen is always well protected and is usually in a remote place about from the largest chamber where the brood is stored. The chambers are connected by various galleries.
Colonies
Colonies of L. apiculatum are polydomous with segments of nests (or satellite colonies) scattered over the landscape. Colonies are variable in size, ranging from a few hundred to hundreds of thousands of workers. Colonies exploited for their brood by humans contain between 65,000 and 85,000 individuals, while undisturbed colonies may contain as many as 250,000 individuals. Colonies remain useful for repeated brood collection by humans for 4 to 12 years.
Colony foundation in L. apiculatum is by haplometrosis (non-cooperative), that is, a single fertile queen founds each colony. Colony foundation behavior is not uniform among founding queens. The time spent exploring, excavating, and removing excavated materials and waste are usually higher throughout the day, while oviposition, brood care, and inactivity increase at night. Founding queens prefer sites close to bodies of water; however, sites slightly further from water are more conducive to the establishment of a successful colony as persistently high humidity will result in the early death of a colony due to fungal invasion.
Feeding
Liometopum apiculatum are opportunistic carnivores and granivores, and have also been observed foraging on dead insects, larger colonies being more predaceous. L. apiculatum also feeds on crustaceans, annelids, mollusks, dead vertebrates, animal droppings, and extrafloral nectar. These ants also obtain nectar or pollen from bear grass and substances from the outside of the ovaries of the flowers of century plants (Agave scabra and Agave chisosensis) and Spanish dagger (Yucca spp.). Workers have been attracted to various foods used as baits including apple sauce, sausage, vegetable soup, sugar water, and cookies. L. apiculatum have also been observed soliciting honeydew from insects including membracids (Vanduzea segmentata), aphids, and other ants (Pogonomyrmex barbatus, Camponotus sayi and Solenopsis xyloni). In some habitats the honeydew produced by hemipterans, Cinara spp., Dysmicoccus brevipes and Saissetia oleae, are the main energy sources. In other words, hemipteran exudates make up the bulk of the diet of L. apiculatum. Their role in disrupting biological control has not been determined.
Foraging activity
Liometopum apiculatum forage from March to September. Workers forage almost exclusively on trails as wide as on the soil surface, and when the temperature rises sharply at midday, they cease foraging and seek shelter under stones. The movement of this species is less erratic than L. occidentale at higher temperatures. An increase in temperature by changes the speed 15-fold, increasing exponentially from per second. There also appears to be little difference in the speed whether ants are moving towards or away from the nest, or between large and small workers during the summer months. However, after prolonged periods (two months or more) of low temperatures, the larger workers are faster than the small workers. Also within a range of , there appears to be little effect of temperature on the number of ants on trails. Maximal activity occurs between 12 p.m. and 12 a.m during the summer months in southern alpine habitats such as Mount Wilson, California. In natural environments, ants of this species forage in areas of , with an average of ; however, they only use between 16% and 30% of this area at any given time. The spatial distribution of the foraging areas for these species seems to be strongly correlated with the location of shrubs and trees infested by hemipterans.
Reproduction
Immature stages of reproductives have been found in L. apiculatum nests from May to August, whereas the rest of the year the brood is of the worker caste. Males and gynes have been collected outside the nest from June to August and queens (likely founding queens) have been collected in July and August under stones and other landscape features. Nuptial flights of this species occur during the day after a heavy rain during the months of April or May. Before a nuptial flight there is a great agitation of the workers, which leave the nest and run rapidly in a "zig-zag" fashion. The male and female alates leave the nest, but are less active. After a while the workers begin to bite the legs and wings of the alates, forcing them to climb the nearest plant. The workers continue to excite the alates with bites until they begin to beat their wings, and subsequently initiate flight one by one, not as a swarm. Mating takes place in the air, and mated males and females fall to earth together, often still attached. The life span of L. apiculatum queens is shorter than that of L. luctuosum queens (exact time difference not specified); however, their productivity (oviposition) is greater.
The annual productivity for an established colony (60,000 to 85,000 workers) of L. apiculatum is about of brood per year. Oviposition by founding queens is large, however, only a small percentage reaches the adult stage of the F1 generation, partly because the smaller, "trophic" eggs are consumed as food. After laying her first batch of eggs, the queen delays laying more until the first eggs have developed into pupae. Once the first workers emerge, the queen discontinues laying trophic eggs, which lowers the total number of eggs laid but increases the proportion of viable eggs. Eggs are laid all year round.
Some virgin queens of L. apiculatum emerge from the nest, remove their wings, and dig a nest without mating. They will lay eggs, care for them, and eat them to survive. However, they only care for more recently laid eggs that have not turned yellow or dried out.
Life cycle
A study by recorded the longevity of each of the reproductive castes and colony foundation of L. apiculatum. In this study, they studied the life cycle of this species under different conditions of humidity, temperature, and substrate. Ant queens were placed either in glass tubes with moist cotton or in jars with soil, and were held at varying temperatures and relative humidity. Observations of the longevity of the various reproductive castes of L. apiculatum are as follows: males lived 15 to 37 days, virgin queens lived 19 to 268 days and fertilized queens lived 17 to 316 days. However, the last estimate is incredibly short for a queen, so either these ants are highly polygynous or they live much longer in the wild.
References
Bibliography
Emery, C. (1895) Beiträge zur kenntniss der Nordamerikanischen Ameisenfauna. Zoologische Jahrbücher Abteilung für Systematik Ökologie und Geographie der Tiere 8:257-360.
Mayr, G. (1870) Neue Formiciden. Verhandlungen der Zoologisch-Botanischen Gesellschaft in Vienna 20: 960–961.
Shattuck, S.O. (1994) Taxonomic catalog of the ant subfamilies Aneuretinae and Dolichoderinae (Hymenoptera: Formicidae). University of California Publications in Entomology 112:1–241.
Wheeler, G. C., & J. Wheeler (1951) The ant larvae of the subfamily Dolichoderinae (Hymenoptera: Formicidae). Proceedings of the Entomological Society of Washington 53:169–210.
External links
Dolichoderinae
Hymenoptera of North America
Insects described in 1870
Edible insects
Garfield Kennedy is a documentary and fiction film-maker and producer based in Somerset, England. He was elected as a Liberal Democrat District Councillor for the Shepton West Ward of Mendip District Council in a by-election in July 2010.
Kennedy attended Coleraine Academical Institution and studied Architecture at the University of Edinburgh where he edited The Student newspaper and founded the long-running Festival Times newspaper with (now broadcaster) Sheena McDonald. Festival Times was the first publication to give dedicated and extensive coverage of the Edinburgh Festival (Fringe, International Festival and Film Festival). He then joined Granada Television in Manchester in 1975 and later formed his own independent production company.
Filmography
Kennedy's films include a series of documentaries on Sir Richard Branson and adventurer Per Lindstrand's successful flights across the Atlantic in 1987, then Pacific in 1990, and their series of attempts to fly non-stop around the world in a Rozière balloon in the late 1990s. He shot the film of the world's first circumnavigation of the world by balloon when Swiss psychiatrist, Bertrand Piccard, and English balloon pilot, Brian Jones, flew their Breitling Orbiter 3 Rozière balloon over the Mauritanian coast completing the flight in 19 days, 21 hours, and 55 minutes. This series of films won the Grand Prix at the Jules Verne Adventure Film Festival in Paris and the Audience Award at the same Festival.
He produced and directed the Emmy Award-winning 9/11 documentary for the BBC and PBS WGBH Boston, Why the Towers Fell and has completed a series of fiction shorts including the BAFTA Nominated Bye-Child (written and directed by Bernard MacLaverty. MacLaverty won the Best New Director at the BAFTA Scotland Awards for the film.
In addition, Kennedy produced The Fall of Shug McCracken which won the Best Comedy Award at the Santa Monica Film Festival and documentary, "The Grandparents" directed by Romanian-born Ioana Joca, which was nominated for Best New Work and for the Best New Director Awards by BAFTA Scotland.
In 2005 Kennedy executive produced the BBC factual entertainment series How to Start Your Own Country where writer/comedian, Danny Wallace formed his own micronation and named it "Lovely". The series and its associated website and interactive TV shows won two national BAFTA Awards in 2006.
In 2006–2007, Kennedy series produced Young Peoples Programmes for Raidió Teilifís Éireann in Dublin, then produced and directed a film on the murder of British student, Meredith Kercher, in Perugia Italy in November 2007.
Liberal Democrat Councillor
Kennedy now lives in Somerset where he was elected as a Liberal Democrat District Councillor in July 2010 for the Shepton West Ward of Mendip District Council.. The vacancy arose due to the non-attendance of a Conservative Party councillor, who was removed from office. Kennedy's election removed the Conservatives majority on Mendip Council.
External links
Garfield Kennedy - Official Liberal Democrat Councillor website.
Election win, July 2010.
Agit-prop site for the town, Shepton Mallet.
Why the Towers Fell resources.
Living people
English film producers
English documentary filmmakers
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Year of birth missing (living people)
Frank Albert Griffin (28 March 1928 – 4 June 2007) was an English professional footballer. He played as a winger and his most notable achievement was scoring the winning goal in the 1954 FA Cup Final.
Football career
Born in Pendlebury, near Manchester, Griffin began his career at Shrewsbury Town. He clocked up 5 goals in 37 appearances for the Shropshire club, including the winner against Wrexham in the first Football League match at the Gay Meadow, in 1950.
In April 1951, just a month after turning professional, he left for West Bromwich Albion, making his Albion debut against Sunderland at Roker Park. In the 1953–54 season, West Bromwich dominated the league, but faltered in the closing weeks and eventually finished second, which was their best finish since 1924. In the FA Cup Final which followed, they faced Preston North End and fought back from 2–1 down to equalise, before Griffin scored the winning goal in the 87th minute when he hit a low right footed shot past the goalkeeper from the right of the six yard box.
In an FA Cup match in February 1958, Griffin broke his leg in two places, which effectively ended his career. He was to make just 6 more appearances for Albion after his recovery. After leaving Albion he slipped down the divisions in successive seasons, playing first for Northampton Town then Wellington Town.
References
Frank Griffin 1928-2007
1928 births
2007 deaths
English footballers
Association football wingers
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
People from Pendlebury
Telford United F.C. players
FA Cup Final players
the Noise was a monthly newspaper serving the cities of Flagstaff, Prescott, Sedona, Cottonwood, Jerome, Clarkdale, and Winslow in northern Arizona. Founded in 1993 by four high school seniors whose rural hometown's budget cuts lead to the cancellation of the student newspaper, it has since expanded its circulation and editorial to encompass a large swath of northern Arizona. The last issue of the Noise ran in December 2017.
As an independent nonprofit publication, the Noise contained a variety of news, arts, music, poetry, fiction and commentary.
It had housed in-depth coverage of the controversial issue of snowmaking on the San Francisco Peaks by Arizona Snowbowl and the subsequent appeal from Native American tribes to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. It has also covered issues such as water rights, education reform, affordable housing, and immigration law.
External links
Official website
Newspapers published in Arizona
Flagstaff, Arizona
Rossville points are a type of arrowhead first recognized as a unique Native American cultural indicator in 1909 by archaeologists of the American Museum of Natural History. They were named by archaeologist Alanson Skinner after the Rossville section of Staten Island, New York where they were found in the vicinity of the old U.S. Post Office building.
Rossville points are indicative of the very late Archaic, Transitional, and Early Woodland periods, dating from approximately 3300 - 2700 B.P and are usually found in the Chesapeake Bay area, Southern New York, and New England.
See also
Burial Ridge
References
External links
LITHICS-Net
Anthropology
Rossville, Staten Island
The Stert and Westbury Railway was opened by the Great Western Railway Company in 1900 in Wiltshire, England. It shortened the distance between London Paddington station and , and since 1906 has also formed part of the Reading to Taunton line for a shorter journey from London to .
History
The Great Western Railway (GWR) had opened its main line between London Paddington and in 1841. It was extended westwards through and trains were running through to by 1867. Another route left the main line at Thingley Junction, west of , ran south to in 1848 and was extended to Weymouth in 1857. Both these lines carried trains connecting with ships – from the Channel Islands at Weymouth, and from America at Plymouth – but the GWR was sometimes referred to as the 'Great Way Round' as its routes to these places were longer than the rival London and South Western Railway.
In 1895 the GWR started work on laying a second track on the Berks and Hants Extension Railway which was part of a route westwards from to , and on constructing the Stert and Westbury line that would connect the Berks and Hants line with Westbury. The new line was ready for goods traffic on 29 July 1900 and passenger trains started to use the line on 1 October. The new line was long and reduced the distance from Paddington to Westbury and Weymouth by . From 2 July 1906 the line was also carrying trains from Paddington to Penzance due to the opening of the Langport and Castle Cary Railway which shortened this journey by .
Westbury station had been rebuilt in 1899 in preparation for the additional trains and two lines were added later to allow non-stop trains to avoid the congested station area. In 1933 a connection from the Stert line ran along a new route to the east of the station and rejoined the main line some distance to the west. Another connection was opened in 1942 to allow westbound trains from the Stert line to run directly to the north towards Chippenham or Bristol, one of many short connecting lines built around the network during World War II.
The GWR was nationalised to become the Western Region of British Railways on 1 January 1948. Local passenger trains were withdrawn on the line on 18 April 1966 but it still forms an important link in the London to Penzance Line and carries freight traffic from the quarries in the Mendip Hills towards terminals in London and the South East. The 1942 curve at Westbury also allows it to be used as a diversionary route when the Great Western Main Line through is blocked.
Stations
Unless otherwise stated, all stations were open for passenger traffic from 29 July 1900 to 18 April 1966. The station buildings were constructed in brick and all stations had a covered footbridge to link the platforms (except Westbury where a subway was provided).
Patney and Chirton
When the Berks and Hants Extension Railway had opened in 1862 the nearest station to Patney had been at Woodborough. With the construction of the Stert line a new junction station was provided north of the village and it opened for passengers on 29 July 1900. Known initially as 'Patney Bridge', this was soon changed to avoid confusion with Putney Bridge station in London. Chirton is another village a short distance beyond Patney. The main building was on the westbound platform, from where a road led to the village. Opposite this was a double-sided platform with a smaller building; trains from Westbury used one face of the platform, and those to and from Devizes used the other. A signal box was situated west of the main platform and a small goods yard was located behind this but this was not in use until 1904.
A military training exercise in 1909 prompted the building of a fourth platform. This 'military platform' was north of the main station and had its own access road. It was taken out of use in the 1950s. The goods yard closed on 19 May 1964 and the station was unstaffed from November 1965. The signal box closed in 1966, and the station was demolished soon after. Just the footbridge remains.
Lavington
This station was situated where the line passed close to Littleton Panell on an embankment but was named to reflect two larger communities: Market Lavington and West Lavington. The main building was on the westbound platform and a waiting room was built on the eastbound. The goods yard (in use from 29 July 1900) was at the southwest of the station and the West signal box was opposite. A second East signal box on the south side of the line was open from about 1903 to 1914, when it was removed to allow the platforms to be lengthened. The first signal box was retained for occasional use after the station closed until 1979. The goods yard closed on 3 April 1967 and a scrapyard now occupies the site.
The largest engineering structure on the line is the brick viaduct at Lavington. Situated east of the station, it is long and up to high.
Edington and Bratton
The station at Edington opened for goods traffic on 29 July 1900, a month before passenger trains were allowed to use the line. The village of Bratton is about distant. A brick building containing the main facilities stood on the westbound platform and a waiting shelter was provided for passengers travelling eastwards. The goods shed was to the west of the main building. Passenger trains no longer called after 3 November 1952 and the buildings were demolished, but the goods shed and yard remained open for traffic until 25 March 1963. The site is now an industrial estate.
Westbury
The station at Westbury opened on 5 September 1848 as the terminus of a line from . Lines continued to both and and were all served by the same small station with a wooden train shed covering the platforms. In 1899 it was rebuilt with two platforms, each served by two tracks. The station offices were at road level on the east side of the station, and access to the platforms was by a subway at the same level. In 1984 the easternmost track was taken out of passenger use but in 2013 the Swindon and Wiltshire Local Transport Body prioritised its reopening at an estimated cost of £5.4m. Although the locomotive sheds have long gone, the station remains a busy junction with extensive goods yards. A signal box north of the station was opened in 1984 and controls the whole of the Westbury area and of the main line from east of Lavington as far as .
References
Railway lines constructed by the Great Western Railway
Rail transport in Wiltshire
Patumwan Demonstration School, Srinakharinwirot University (), commonly known as Satit Patumwan, is a 13-18 public school in Pathum Wan District, Bangkok, Thailand. It was founded in 1953 by Pin Malakul as Secondary educators' training department, Demonstration Unit, Triam Udom Suksa School (), making it the oldest demonstration school in Thailand.
Patumwan Demonstration School's campus is adjacent to Chulalongkorn University and Triam Udom Suksa School on Henri Dunant Road, Pathum Wan District in the heart of the city's commercial district.
Education
The school's Mathayom 1-6 students comprise 50 classes; 38 regular program classes and 12 in the English program. It accepts regular admission to mathayom 1 and 4. In the junior years (mathayom 1–3) the syllabus is uniform for all the students, but in the senior years (mathayom 4–6) the school's syllabus is divided into four programs with different subjects:
Science–Mathematics
Mathematics-Arts (English)
Mathematics-Arts (German/French/Japanese/Chinese)
Arts–Mathematics (English)*
The difference between science–mathematics and art programs is that art programs do not include science subjects in the syllabus. The program is focused on the study of liberal arts. Each student has a choice of foreign language, but the science–mathematics student has English as the only language option. Programs are chosen by the student entering Mathayom 4 and can't be changed until graduation. The programs are aimed to aid the students during their university periods, even in the stage of entrance preparation.
English Program (EPTS)
Patumwan Demonstration School has an English program, established in 1997, teaching most core subjects in the English language called the EPTS (English Program for Talented Students). The EPTS program is available to all grades and must be chosen prior to admission. It has two classes in each grade, with around 35 students a class.
Notes
References
Schools in Bangkok
Srinakharinwirot University
Pathum Wan district
Educational institutions established in 1953
1953 establishments in Thailand
Demonstration schools in Thailand
Jerome Chen is a Chinese American visual effects supervisor and director. He is a founding member of Sony Pictures Imageworks.
He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects at the 72nd Academy Awards for his work on Stuart Little, shared with John Dykstra, Henry F. Anderson III, and Eric Allard.
He also shares several patents for facial/body motion capture and interactive camera technologies.
Partial Filmography
James and the Giant Peach (1996) (computer graphics supervisor)
Contact (1996) (computer graphics supervisor)
Stuart Little (1999) (visual effects supervisor)
Stuart Little 2 (2002) (visual effects supervisor)
The Polar Express (2004) (visual effects supervisor)
Beowulf (2007) (senior visual effects supervisor)
The Amazing Spider-Man (2012) (visual effects supervisor)
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014) (visual effects supervisor)
Fury (2014) (visual effects supervisor)
Suicide Squad (2016) (visual effects supervisor)
Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017) (visual effects supervisor)
Men in Black: International (2019) (visual effects supervisor)
Love, Death, & Robots: Lucky 13 (2019) (director)
Love, Death, & Robots: In Vaulted Halls Entombed (2022) (director)
References
External links
https://www.imageworks.com/our-team/jerome-chen
Living people
Special effects people
Visual effects supervisors
1963 births
Pepe Gotera y Otilio, or more complete Pepe Gotera y Otilio, chapuzas a domicilio (roughly: Pepe Leak and Otilio, botched jobs home delivered) are Spanish comic characters of the series of the same name created by Francisco Ibáñez Talavera in 1966 focusing on the comic adventures of two bumbling and disastrous workmen.
Plot
The main characters are Pepe Gotera and Otilio, who form a peculiar company of reparations and other manual jobs.
Pepe Gotera is the boss, the foreman, meaning that he only gives orders and works as little as possible. He always wears a red bowler hat and a Groucho Marx-style mustache.
Otilio is who does the hard work, although he is more concerned about lunch time than the reparations he has to do. He is fat and wears a blue cap and overall. At the beginning of every comic he appears eating completely absurd and excessive dishes (such as a sandwich of elephant, whale, cow, etc.) and later when working he uses very rustic and unsafe methods for carrying out the work.
Actually none of them work, and they cause trouble and all kinds of disasters in the places they visit, such as landslides, flooding, explosions and many more variants.
As with Mort and Phil (the most famous series of the author), is always Pepe Gotera, the boss, who ends up paying the blunders of his partner, and because of their ineptitude most of the comics finish with a customer angered by the result of their efforts.
Publication
The first strip of the workers appeared on 2 April 1966 in the Tío Vivo magazine. and soon became one of the most popular characters of the author.
In 1985 they had their own short-lived namesake magazine (8 issues) which published a long "apocryphal" (not by Ibáñez) story titled El castillo de los Pelhamcudy, by Juan Martínez Osete.
Influence
Several television critics have commented that the TV series Manos a la obra, broadcast in Antena 3 from 1998 to 2001 is inspired by this comic.
References
External links
Pepe Gotera y Otilio in mortadeloyfilemon.com
Humor comics
Spanish comics titles
Spanish comic strips
Fictional mechanics
Comic strip duos
1966 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1966
Fictional Spanish people
Spanish comics characters
In mathematics, Hermite's cotangent identity is a trigonometric identity discovered by Charles Hermite. Suppose a1, ..., and are complex numbers, no two of which differ by an integer multiple of . Let
(in particular, A1,1, being an empty product, is 1). Then
The simplest non-trivial example is the case n = 2:
Notes and references
Trigonometry
The 1935 French Grand Prix (formally the XXIX Grand Prix de l'Automobile Club de France) was a Grand Prix motor race which was held at Montlhéry, France on 23 June 1935. The race lasted 500 km (12.5 km x 40 laps) and was won by Rudolf Caracciola driving a Mercedes-Benz.
Background
For the first time, the Automobile Club of France decided that the grid positions should be set by practice times, rather than by ballot, a practice introduced in Europe at the Monaco Grand Prix.
Having witnessed the more powerful German cars winning nearly every race they entered (notably not the 1934 French Grand Prix), the organisers decided to reduce the speeds of the Montlhéry circuit by installing three slow chicanes. This was ultimately successful in ensuring the competitiveness of the Alfa Romeos, with Tazio Nuvolari able to set second fastest time in practice, and completing the fastest lap of the race, albeit 23 seconds slower than last year's fastest lap due to the chicanes.
Starting Grid (3x2)
Classification
Fastest Lap: Tazio Nuvolari (Alfa Romeo Tipo-B P3) 5:29.1, 136.74 km/h
References
External links
French Grand Prix
French Grand Prix
Grand Prix
An Olympic-size swimming pool conforms to regulated dimensions that are large enough for international competition. This type of swimming pool is used in the Olympic Games, where the race course is in length, typically referred to as "long course", distinguishing it from "short course" which applies to competitions in pools that are in length. If touch panels are used in competition, then the distance between touch panels should be either 25 or 50 metres to qualify for FINA recognition. This means that Olympic pools are generally oversized, to accommodate touch panels used in competition.
An Olympic-size swimming pool is used as a colloquial unit of volume, to make approximate comparisons to similarly sized objects or volumes. It is not a specific definition, as there is no official limit on the depth of an Olympic pool. The value has an order of magnitude of 1 megaliter (ML).
Specifications
FINA specifications for an Olympic-size pool are as follows:
There must be two spaces wide outside lanes 1 and 8 (in effect, two empty lanes). The length of must be between the touch pads at the end of each lane, if they are used. If starting blocks are used, then there must be a minimum depth of from between from the end of the pool to at least from the end of the pool. At all other points, the minimum depth is . If the pool is used for Olympic Games or World Championships, then the minimum depth is increased to .
At FINA's 2009 Congress, rules were approved for 10-lane courses for competition, as an alternative to the more traditional 8-lane course.
History
This version of the Olympic-sized swimming pool debuted in the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics. Beforehand, the Summer Olympics featured the more traditional 8-lane course with a depth of roughly seven feet, now the minimum depth requirement. Twenty-five world records were broken at this pool.
Advantages
The new Olympic-sized swimming pool was designed to provide advantages to assist the swimmers, the first being the increase in the number of lanes. Increasing the lane count from eight to ten gives the swimmers a "buffer lane", helping to absorb waves generated by the swimmers' movements, allowing for less resistance against the swimmers. Moreover, increasing the depth of the pool further gives swimmers another advantage, as the added depth assists the lane lines in dissipating water churn from the swimmers, creating less hydrodynamic drag for the swimmers.
See also
Sport venue
List of long course swimming pools in the United Kingdom
List of long course swimming pools in the Republic of Ireland
List of Olympic-size swimming pools in the Philippines
List of the largest swimming pools
List of Olympic venues in swimming
References
Swimming at the Summer Olympics
Wellspring Learning Community is a comprehensive school for grades Nursery - High School (US Grade-numbering system) located in Beirut, Lebanon. It was founded in 2007 with grades nursery - three. The original campus in the Mathaf neighborhood now serves grades preschool through 5, while a second campus in Hazmieh/Ain el Remaneh opened in 2013 to accommodate the middle and high school students.
Languages
Wellspring's curriculum is taught primarily in English. Social studies are taught in Arabic, and the students study the Arabic language. Elementary students study French as a third language, while grades 6-12 can choose between Spanish and French.
International Baccalaureate Programme
Wellspring is notable in Lebanon for its participation in the IB Programme. The subject areas of the Primary Years Programme are language, social studies, mathematics, science and technology, arts, and personal, social and physical education. It is the only school in Lebanon to offer the IB program at the middle school (grades 6-8) level, through the MYP (Middle Years Programme). It also offers the IB programme for high school (DP Diploma Programme). The school year 2015-16 was the first year in which it offered grade 12.
Assessment is carried out by teachers according to strategies provided by the IB, and with respect to guidelines to what the students should learn specified in the curriculum model.
Technology
Computer-assisted teaching and learning, and interactive whiteboards are utilized in keeping with Wellspring's emphasis on technology in the classroom. Students in Grades 6-12 are required to bring an iPad to school and utilize it for their studies.
Community, Careers, Sustainability and the Environment
As its name suggests, Wellspring seeks to foster community, and community service, among all its constituents: students, teachers, staff, parents and area residents. Sustainability and respect for the environment are reflected in its Learning Garden, recycling program, and Living Workshop, and in its career education program.
References
External links
Wellspring Learning Community web site
Schools in Lebanon
The 2020–21 Washington Huskies women's basketball team represented University of Washington during the 2020–21 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Huskies, led by fourth-year head coach Jody Wynn, played their home games at Alaska Airlines Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion in Seattle, Washington as members of the Pac-12 Conference. On March 15, 2021, following a season with a 7–13 (3–13 Pac-12) record, Wynn was fired as head coach.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Pac-12 Women's Tournament
46
See also
2020–21 Washington Huskies men's basketball team
References
Washington Huskies women's basketball seasons
Washington Huskies women
Washington Huskies basketball, women
Washington Huskies basketball, women
Prosotas is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae erected by Hamilton Herbert Druce in 1891. The species of this genus are found on New Guinea in the Australasian realm and the Indomalayan realm. An overview is provided by Hsu and Yen.
Species in alphabetical order:
Prosotas aluta (H. Druce, 1873) – banded lineblue
Prosotas atra Tite, 1963
Prosotas bhutea (de Nicéville, [1884]) – Bhutya lineblue
Prosotas datarica (Snellen, 1892)
Prosotas dilata (Evans, 1932)
Prosotas dubiosa (Semper, [1879]) – small purple lineblue, tailess lineblue
Prosotas ella Toxopeus, 1930
Prosotas elsa (Grose-Smith, 1895)
Prosotas felderi (Murray, 1874) – Felder's line blue
Prosotas gracilis (Röber, 1886)
Prosotas lutea (Martin, 1895)
Prosotas maputi (Semper, 1889)
Prosotas nelides (de Nicéville, 1895)
Prosotas nora (Felder, 1860) – common lineblue
Prosotas noreia (Felder, 1868) – white-tipped lineblue
Prosotas norina Toxopeus, 1929
Prosotas papuana Tite, 1963
Prosotas pia Toxopeus, 1929 – margined lineblue
Prosotas talesea Tite, 1963
References
External links
With images.
Further reading
French Wikipedia has more information about this genus at :fr:Prosotas
Lycaenidae genera
Lucca Sesano (born 29 September 2002) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for All Boys.
Career
Sesano came through the youth ranks at All Boys, having joined in 2012. He was promoted into the first-team squad under manager José Santos Romero in late-2020, with the central midfielder initially featuring in the club's pre-season friendlies ahead of the 2020 Primera B Nacional campaign; notably scoring against Lanús Reserves on 16 October. In the following month, on 28 November, Sesano made his senior debut in a goalless draw away to Brown in Primera B Nacional; appearing for the full duration.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Primera Nacional players
All Boys footballers
Kuhsaran () may refer to:
Kuhsaran District, in Kerman Province
Kuhsaran Rural District, in Mazandaran Province
3050 series may refer to:
Japanese train types
Keisei 3050 series EMU
Nagoya Municipal Subway 3050 series EMU
KQFM (93.7 FM, "The Q") is a radio station licensed to serve Hermiston, Oregon, United States. The station, established in 1978, is owned by West End Radio, LLC, which is in turn owned by the Ronald L. Hughes and Gloria Hughes Living Trust.
Programming
KQFM broadcasts an adult contemporary music format including the satellite-delivered "Adult Contemporary (radio network)" 24-hour live format produced by Westwood One. KQFM had aired the Hits and Favorites radio network provided by ABC Radio Networks and Citadel Media, but the network ceased operations in July 2014, leaving KQFM to affiliate with Westwood One's format. KQFM 100.5 FM recently left its oldies format behind for new programming that features adult contemporary music including hits from the '70s through the '90s, plus current popular music. In addition to its usual music programming, KQFM broadcasts select high school sports events featuring teams from Hermiston High School.
History
The beginning
This station began regular operation on September 18, 1978, broadcasting with 3,000 watts of effective radiated power on a frequency of 99.3 MHz. The station was assigned the call sign KOHU-FM by the Federal Communications Commission. Launched as a sister station of KOHU (1360 AM), KOHU-FM broadcast a beautiful music format under the guidance of general manager and chief engineer Harmon Springer and program director Willie Kelly and the ownership of the Hermiston Broadcasting Company.
The station was assigned new call sign KQFM-FM by the FCC on March 1, 1984. Just over two years later, on November 25, 1986, the station changed call signs again, this time to the simpler KQFM.
New ownership
In February 1997, the Hermiston Broadcasting Company reached an agreement to sell KQFM and AM sister station KOHU to the Capps Broadcast Group through their West End Radio, LLC, subsidiary. The deal was approved by the FCC on April 16, 1997, and the transaction was consummated on May 1, 1997.
Move to 100.5
In April 2000, KQFM applied to the FCC to change its assigned broadcast frequency from 99.3 MHz to 100.5 MHz. The change was made as part of a multi-station shuffle to accommodate a power increase by KUJ-FM in Burbank, Washington. The station received a new construction permit to authorize the change on August 8, 2000.
In January 2003, the Capps Family, co-owners of KQFM licensee West End Radio, LLC, announced an agreement to transfer control of the company to Ronald L. Hughes and Gloria Hughes. The deal was approved by the FCC on February 14, 2003, and the transaction was consummated on June 4, 2003. This move coincided with the station's flip from oldies to adult contemporary music. In March 2004, Ronald L. Hughes and Gloria Hughes applied to the FCC to transfer the broadcast license for KQFM to the Ronald L. Hughes and Gloria Hughes Living Trust. The transfer was approved by the FCC on April 7, 2004, and the transaction was consummated on April 12, 2004.
Move to 100.1
In April 2007, KQFM filed another application with the FCC to change its assigned broadcast frequency again, this time from 100.5 MHz to 100.1 MHz. This move is part of a multi-station shuffle involving KQFM and KWRL to allow religious broadcaster KHSS in Walla Walla, Washington, to obtain a "bigger, more powerful" signal at 100.7 MHz. The transmitter site would also be moved very slightly to the west and the antenna raised to in height above average terrain. The station received a new construction permit to authorize the change on September 17, 2007. The station began licensed operation on 100.1 MHz on February 17, 2010.
Move to 93.7
On February 4, 2016 KQFM moved from 100.1 FM to 93.7 FM, swapping frequencies with KRKG-FM Pasco, Washington, which moved from 93.7 FM to 100.1 FM.
Station alumni
Harmon Springer, then the general manager of KQFM and KOHU, served as the president of the Oregon Association of Broadcasters for the 1987 calendar year.
Previous logo
(KQFM's logo under previous 100.5 frequency)
References
External links
GoHermiston.com
QFM
Mainstream adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1978
Hermiston, Oregon
1978 establishments in Oregon
"It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)" is a song written and recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was released as the fourth and final single from their 1985 album Be Yourself Tonight. The song was produced by Dave Stewart, and the song's brass arrangement was devised by Michael Kamen.
The single became Eurythmics' tenth Top 20 hit in the UK where it peaked at number 12, but was less successful in the United States, stalling at number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100. As songwriters, Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart received the 1986 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically.
Composition
The song is a blend of R&B and electronica in the key of Db Major, with a tempo of 93 beats per minute. The intro and chorus repeats the chords Db Major, Cb Major, Gb Major and Fb Major over a bass pedal point of Db, while the bridge remains on Eb minor throughout.
Reception
Cash Box said it "carries on the soul groove of earlier outings."
Track listings
7"
A: "It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)" (LP Version) - 3:50
B: "Conditioned Soul" (LP Version) - 4:32
12"
A: "It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)" (LP Version) - 3:50
B1: "Conditioned Soul" (LP Version) - 4:32
B2: "Tous les garçons et les filles" (Non-LP Track) - 3:29
Music video
The song's music video, directed by Willy Smax, is a combination of live shots and computer animation, an innovative look for a music video in the mid-1980s. The video depicts a story in which Annie Lennox is in a car accident at the beginning of the video and her partner, portrayed by Dave Stewart, is so connected to her that he can instantly tell that something is wrong and immediately travels from the Orient to get to her. She is seen lying in a hospital bed with a heart monitor in the background. She performs the song as an out-of-body experience. The main focus of the video is Stewart's race to get to Lennox's side, which he finally does by the end of the video. When he opens the door to her hospital room, her eyes instantly pop wide open and the two embrace and then turn into pieces of abstract animation.
Personnel
Eurythmics
Annie Lennox – vocals, keyboard sequencers
David A. Stewart – guitars
Additional Personnel
Dean Garcia – bass guitar
Olle Romo – drums
Dave Plews – trumpet
Martin Dobson – saxophones
Charts
References
External links
YouTube - "It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)" video
1985 singles
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
1985 songs
The 2010 Tippeligaen was the 66th completed season of top division football in Norway. The competition began on 14 March and ended on 7 November. Rosenborg was the defending champions, having secured their twenty-first league championship in 2009. Haugesund, Hønefoss and Kongsvinger entered as the three promoted teams from the 2009 1. divisjon. They replaced Fredrikstad, Bodø/Glimt and Lyn who were relegated to the 2010 1. divisjon.
Season summary
On 6 June, Lillestrøm scored three goals in four minutes and 24 seconds, two of them in injury time, to go from 3–0 down to 3–3 away at Molde. Sandefjord lost 5-0 away to Odd Grenland on 26 September. This was their 23rd consecutive top flight match without winning, breaking a record of 22 set by Os in 1975. The streak would continue for four matches, ending at 27 before Sandefjord won in their 28th attempt on the last day of the season, beating Hønefoss 6–1 at home. On 31 October, Rosenborg played Kongsvinger to a 0–0 draw away, making 2010 the second consecutive season without away losses for Rosenborg.
Kongsvinger and Sandefjord were relegated at the end of the 2010 Tippeligaen season after finishing in the bottom two places of the league table. Sandefjord ended a two-year tenure at the highest football level of Norway, while Kongsvinger returned to the 1. divisjon after just one season. They were replaced by 2010 1. divisjon champions Sogndal and runners-up Sarpsborg 08. Sogndal returned to the Tippeligaen after a six-year hiatus, while Sarpsborg 08 made its debut at the Norwegian top-level league.
Hønefoss as 14th-placed Tippeligaen team had to compete in a relegation/promotion playoff with the 1. divisjon teams ranked third through fifth (Fredrikstad, Løv-Ham and Ranheim) for one spot in the 2011 Tippeligaen. This spot was taken by Fredrikstad, who defeated Hønefoss 8–1 on aggregate in the playoff finals and returned to Norway's top flight after just one season. In turn, Hønefoss had to return to the 1. divisjon, also after just one season.
Teams
Haugesund and Hønefoss were promoted directly from the 1. divisjon at the end of the 2009 season. Kongsvinger defeated Sarpsborg by 5–4 on aggregate in the final matches of the play-off round between the 3rd-, 4th- and 5th-placed team in the 1. divisjon and the 14th-placed team in the Tippeligaen, giving them the sixteenth and final spot.
Team summaries
1Stabæk also played three home matches in May at Ullevaal Stadion because Telenor Arena was being used to host the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.
Managerial changes
League table
Positions by round
Relegation play-offs
At the end of the season, Sandefjord and Kongsvinger were relegated directly to 1. divisjon, and were replaced by Sogndal and Sarpsborg who were directly promoted.
Four teams entered a play-off for the last Tippeligaen spot in the 2011 season. These were:
A) Hønefoss (by virtue of being the 14th placed team in the Tippeligaen)
B) Fredrikstad (by virtue of being the third placed team in the 1. divisjon)
C) Løv-Ham (by virtue of being the fourth placed team in the 1. divisjon)
D) Ranheim (by virtue of being the fifth placed team in the 1. divisjon)
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
Source: NRK Sport
Top assists
Source: Alt om fotball
Discipline
Player
Most yellow cards: 9
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson (Hønefoss)
Most red cards: 1
23 players
Club
Most yellow cards: 47
Brann
Most red cards: 3
Molde
Vålerenga
Attendances
References
Eliteserien seasons
1
Norway
Norway
Sir Richard Bernard Frank Stewart Body (18 May 1927 – 26 February 2018) was an English politician. He was Conservative Member of Parliament for Billericay from 1955 to 1959, for Holland with Boston from 1966 to 1997, and for Boston and Skegness from 1997 until he stood down at the 2001 general election. He was a long-standing member of the Conservative Monday Club, and came second in its 1972 election for chairman. A prominent eurosceptic, Body also served as president of the Anti-Common Market League.
Family background and early life
Sir Richard was the son of Bernard Richard Body and his wife, Daphne (formerly Corbett). His father was from a Berkshire family resident in Shinfield since the 1720s. Through his paternal grandmother, he was a third cousin of theatre director Val May. He attended the Reading School, and later the Inns of Court School of Law. He married the former Marion Graham in 1959, and they had a son and a daughter. Lady Body was a friend and Bletchley Park colleague of Valerie Middleton, the grandmother of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. He served in the Royal Air Force towards the end of World War II.
Career
Before finally gaining election at Billericay in 1955, Body had fought several elections across the country without success. He was the Conservative candidate for Deptford at the 1949 London County Council election, then Rotherham in the 1950 United Kingdom general election, Abertillery in a by-election that same year, and then Leek in 1951.
In January 1973, Body was an opponent of Prime Minister Edward Heath's Counter-Inflation Bill, stating that the real cause of inflation was too much government spending. Within the Tory party his doubts were shared by Enoch Powell, Ronald Bell and Nicholas Ridley, the last of whom complained that what was needed was a "proper economic policy".
Rural Buckinghamshire-born, and representing fertile South Holland, Body was an early supporter of environmental causes within the Conservative Party. Coming from a British agriculture perspective, he was highly critical of many aspects associated with the heavily subsidised agriculture associated with the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) of the European Economic Community (EEC). His Agriculture: The Triumph and the Shame, a non-fictional agricultural book exposing, it asserted, its folly, was published in 1983, followed by Farming in the Clouds (1984). He was also critical over the use of pesticides in agriculture, and led an inquiry on the issue in 1986–87. The enquiry produced a draft report which contained 45 recommendations, mostly influenced by his support for organic farming and use of such methods on his own farms. The report was ignored by the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, which made no response and did not attempt to alter its own favoured methods. Between 1984 and 1993, Body (under the pseudonym "Old Muckspreader") also wrote the "Down on the Farm" column in Private Eye, in which he regularly criticised both CAP and environmental mismanagement of farms.
He was knighted in 1986.
Body was generally regarded as of the "Old Right" of the party, and often found himself at odds with the John Major government and its predecessor, including those influenced by it, who had come to dominate the parliamentary Conservative Party by the mid-1990s. He made such views clear in March 2001, shortly before he retired as an MP, writing in the parliamentary magazine The House that the rural and, specifically, the agricultural communities of Britain were the victims of major changes to the culture at Westminster in his time in the Commons, as the number of Tory MPs from landowning or farming backgrounds had declined and the number of self-made men from the suburbs on the Tory benches had increased.
In 2020 it emerged that in the 1990s Body had been tricked into believing he was speaking with John Major by the impressionist-comedian Rory Bremner. The incident prompted Cabinet Secretary Robin Butler to warn Channel 4 head Michael Grade against any further calls for fear that state secrets could be inadvertently leaked.
In his later years as an MP, Body clearly distanced himself from an increasingly economic-rationalist and internationalist Tory party by associating himself with a number of environmentalist groups who disapproved of large national or free trade groupings and supported smaller, more "natural" and "organic" communities. He has been associated with such long-standing figures of the green movement such as Edward Goldsmith, John Seymour, and John Papworth. Unlike the vast majority of Conservative MPs, Body voted in favour of the equalisation of sexuality activity to apply equally to homosexuals from the age of 16, and also supported the legalisation of cannabis. He called for an English Parliament in his book England for the English, published in April 2001.
Body's fervent euroscepticism led to him being numbered amongst the rebellious "bastards" condemned by John Major in 1993. His actions regarding Europe eventually led to his resigning the Conservative whip for a temporary period. He authored multiple eurosceptic books, including A Europe of Many Circles (1990) and The Breakdown of Europe (1998) (which deliberately echoed the title of Leopold Kohr's book The Breakdown of Nations).
On 10 November 1999, Body put forward an Early Day Motion in support of the writer Robert Henderson, who believed that the security services had interfered with his mail and telephone line after he had written allegedly threatening letters to Prime Minister Tony Blair, his wife Cherie, and various Labour MPs. This followed an article by Henderson in Wisden Cricket Monthly in 1995 entitled "Is it in the blood?" which suggested that only "unequivocal Englishmen" should play cricket for England. Body's motion not only defended Henderson and accused Blair of interfering with Henderson's activities, but referred to "publicly reported incidents of racism within the Labour Party".
Later life
After leaving parliament, Body joined the UK Independence Party, but left UKIP for the English Democrats by 2008. He was interviewed in 2012 as part of The History of Parliament's oral history project.
Body died at his home in Stanford Dingley, Berkshire, on 26 February 2018 at the age of 90.
Books
Agriculture: Triumph and the Shame (1982), Avebury
Farming in the Clouds (1984), Temple Smith
Red or Green for Farmers (and the Rest of Us) (1987), Broad Leys
A Europe of Many Circles: Constructing a Wider Europe (1990), New European
Our Food, Our Land: Why Contemporary Farming Practices Must Change, (1991) Rider
The Breakdown of Europe: An Alternative to the European Union (1998) New European
England for the English (2001), New European
A Democratic Europe: The Alternative to the European Union (2006), New European
References
External links
Richard Body interview at History of Parliament Online
1927 births
2018 deaths
20th-century English male writers
20th-century English non-fiction writers
21st-century English male writers
21st-century British non-fiction writers
Alumni of the Inns of Court School of Law
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
English Democrats politicians
English Quakers
Knights Bachelor
People educated at Reading School
People from Buckinghamshire
People from West Berkshire District
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
UK Independence Party people
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
Hong Gi-il (born 21 April 1974) is a South Korean handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
South Korean male handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The M10 Road is a Road in Zambia. It goes from Livingstone, through Sesheke, to Mongu. The Road is approximately 508 kilometres and follows the Zambezi River for its entire length.
The M10 between Livingstone and Kazungula (where there is a narrow border to Botswana) and extending further west to Sesheke (where there is a border to Namibia's Caprivi Strip) is a major route used by motorists for international trade and travelling between Zambian cities and the respective countries of Botswana, Namibia and South Africa. The road is one lane in each direction. As a result, the road may be very busy and may have high volumes of traffic in either direction.
The M10 between Livingstone and Sesheke (Katima Mulilo) is part of the Walvis Bay-Ndola-Lubumbashi Development Road.
Route
The M10 Route begins in Livingstone (just south of the town centre), at an intersection with the T1 Road (Lusaka-Livingstone Road; with access to Victoria Falls and north-western Zimbabwe in the south and northern, central and eastern Zambia in the north-east).
The road goes west, being the road separating the Dambwa North and Dambwa Central suburbs of Livingstone. The road goes for 70 kilometres, though the north-western section of the Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park, to the small town of Kazungula, where there is a narrow border with Botswana on the Zambezi River (Currently crossed using the Kazungula Bridge; previously by the Kazungula Ferry) (The tiny stretch of road from the M10 to the Kazungula Bridge is known as the M19 Road on Zambia's network and the road on the other side of the Border is known as the A33 road of Botswana).
Most global positioning systems suggest that the route through Kazungula and Eastern Botswana is a quicker route to Johannesburg, South Africa from Livingstone than through Victoria Falls and Zimbabwe. The M10 Road is also on the main route between Botswana and Lusaka (Zambia's capital city) and countries like DR Congo and Malawi. As a result, the route is important for international trade and may be busy in either direction.
From the small town of Kazungula, the M10 Road continues west for 135 kilometres, crossing into the Western Province, bypassing the town of Mwandi, to the town of Sesheke. Just before Mwandi, by Simungoma Market (40 kilometres before Sesheke), is a junction with the D787, which goes north to the town of Mulobezi (95 kilometres away), where there is a timber industry. As part of the National Road Fund Agency's plans, there will be a tollgate before Sesheke.
The M10 is the main road through Sesheke Central. 3 kilometres west of Sesheke, at a junction with the RD325 Road, at the point where the Zambezi River stops being a national borderline and turns northwards, the M10 Road crosses in a south-westerly direction as the Katima Mulilo Bridge (completed In 2004) to be on the western side of the Zambezi River, before meeting the Namibia (Katima Mulilo) Border Post.
Just after crossing the Zambezi River, there is a road south into Namibia's Caprivi Strip, connecting to Namibia's B8 road (part of the Walvis Bay-Ndola-Lubumbashi Development Road). The Katima Mulilo Bridge (completed in 2004), connecting Sesheke with the western side of the Zambezi River, completes a much-needed road link between Zambia and Namibia.
As the main link between cities in Namibia like Walvis Bay and cities in Malawi, DR Congo, Tanzania and Zambia, the road is important for international trade and may be used frequently by motorists in either direction.
The M10 between Kazungula and Sesheke is a road in a very poor condition, with many motorists choosing to use different routes between Kazungula and Namibia (like commuting through Kasane and the northern area of the Chobe National Park, both in Botswana, to enter Namibia at Ngoma).
From the Namibia Border, the M10 turns to the north-north-west and heads for 116 km to a point south of the town of Sioma. Just before Sioma is the Ngonye Falls, also known as the Sioma Falls, on the Zambezi River. The M10 Road crosses back to the eastern side of the Zambezi River as the Sioma Bridge and continues north for 85 kilometres to the town of Senanga, which is near the southern point of the Barotse Floodplain. It passes through the eastern suburbs.
From Senanga, the M10 Road goes north for 100 km, through the Lui Toll Plaza, to the town of Mongu, which is the capital of the Western Province and Barotseland. The M10 ends at an intersection with the M9 Road from Lusaka at a roundabout in Mongu Central (adjacent to Barotse Shopping Mall).
M19 Road (Zambia)
On Zambia's road network, the M19 is designated as the short 3-kilometre road through Kazungula, from the junction with the M10 southwards to the Kazungula Bridge on the Zambezi River, where it crosses the river into the nation of Botswana. It becomes the A33 road of Botswana to Kasane and Nata on the other side of the river. The border area on the other side of the river crossing is also named Kazungula.
References
Main Roads in Zambia
Roads in Zambia
Road infrastructure in Zambia
Southern Province, Zambia
Western Province, Zambia
The International Society for Science and Religion (ISSR) is a learned society established in 2001 for the purpose of the promotion of education through the support of inter-disciplinary learning and research in the fields of science and religion conducted where possible in an international and multi-faith context. The Society took shape after a four-day conference in Granada, Spain.
Membership
Membership is available to all interested persons. However, Fellowship is only attained through nomination by existing Fellows only. There were 97 founding members, including five Fellows of the Royal Society.
Varieties of faith tradition
Although many of the founders of the ISSR are Christians, the society actively welcomes members from other faith traditions. The book Why the Science and Religion Dialogue Matters produced by the society has major contributions from:
John Polkinghorne, George Ellis, Holmes Rolston III and Fraser Watts (who are Christians), on why the science and religion dialogue matters
Carl Feit on Judaism
Munawar Anees on Islam
B.V. Subbarayappa on Hinduism
Trinh Xuan Thuan on Buddhism
Heup Young Kim on Asian Christianity
Presidents
The Presidents of the ISSR have been:
John Polkinghorne (Founding President)
George Ellis
Sir Brian Heap
John Hedley Brooke
Michael J. Reiss (Current President)
Secretariat
The society's central office is based at St. Edmund's College at the University of Cambridge. The Executive Secretary is Professor Fraser Watts.
Opposition to intelligent design
In 2008 the ISSR released a statement declaring "that intelligent design is neither sound science nor good theology."
See also
Science and religion
Issues in Science and Religion by Ian Barbour
Notes and references
External links
Official Website
Religion and science
International learned societies
Jean Paelinck (1906–1961) was a Belgian colonial administrator. In the Belgian Congo he was appointed governor of Kasaï Province in 1955, then Katanga Province in 1956.
Early years
Jean Henri Paelinck was born in Hasselt in 1906.
His parents were Henri Paelinck, an accountant, and Irène Dumoulin, a seamstress.
He was the first child and only boy, but had three sisters.
He studied at the Royal Athenaeum and then at the Koloniale Hogeschool in Antwerp, graduating in 1928.
He married Elvira Alexina Coopman on 30 July 1928.
Colonial career
Paelinck left for the Congo in September 1928.
He moved through the ranks.
In 1949 he was appointed district commissioner of Lusambo.
In 1950 he was transferred to Kabinda District.
He was made secretary in Lusambo and Jadotstad in 1951, and in Elisabethville in 1953.
In 1954 Paelinck was appointed provincial commissioner in Elisabethville.
Paelinck succeeded Roger Le Bussy as governor of Kasaï Province on 20 April 1955.
He left office on 27 September 1955, and was succeeded by Antoine Lamborelle.
In January 1956 he succeeded René Wauthion as governor of Katanga Province.
He held office until September 1958, when he was succeeded by André Schöller.
Last years
Paelinck returned to Belgium in 1958.
He settled in Brussels, where he died in 1961.
Notes
Sources
1906 births
1961 deaths
People from Hasselt
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of Katanga Province
Plesiocyanophrys is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
Bozlar can refer to:
Bozlar, Biga
Bozlar, Burdur
Eetu Huuhtanen (born 31 January 2003) is a Finnish professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Finnish premier division club Ilves.
References
2003 births
Living people
Finnish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Ilves players
Kakkonen players
Veikkausliiga players
Covington Plantation House, also known as John Wall Covington House, is a historic plantation house located near Rockingham, Richmond County, North Carolina. It was built about 1850, and is a two-story, three bay, frame dwelling in the Italianate style. It features a low-pitched bracketed gable roofs, wide eaves, and a -story central projection.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References
Plantation houses in North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Italianate architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1850
Houses in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
U.S. Route 1
Teresa Bracco (24 February 1924 – 28 August 1944) was an Italian Catholic from Savona killed during World War II after refusing to submit to the sexual aggression of a Nazi soldier. Bracco was born to modest farmers and tilled in the fields while also attending Masses on a frequent basis.
Bracco was beatified in 1998 on the occasion of Pope John Paul II's visit to Turin. Her beatification was approved after it was proven that she was killed in the defense of remaining a Christian virgin.
Life
Teresa Bracco was born in Dego – in Savona – in 1924 as the sixth of seven children to farmers Giacomo Bracco and Anna Pera. Her two brothers died within a week of each other. Her siblings were:
Giovanni – died in 1927 from typhus
Luigi – died in 1927 from typhus
Giuseppina
Maria
Adele
Anna – born in 1928
The birth of her sister Anna was one of profound happiness for her parents though her father would have preferred a male in order to take possession of the farm when he was older. Bracco received her baptism in 1924 and had been named in honor of Saint Thérèse of Lisieux.
In the evenings her father presided over the recitation of rosaries. Bracco often recited several rosaries as she did her chores around the house. Father Natale Olivieri came to her hometown of Santa Giulia in 1930 and was impressed with Bracco; he instructed her in catechism and also provided her with a range of religious texts for her to broaden her faith and her knowledge. She made her First Communion in the spring of 1931 and received her Confirmation on 2 October 1933. Bracco often stared at the Eucharist in times of Eucharistic Adoration – or in the tabernacle – in deep contemplation in order to draw strength from it. To that end she often rose in the mornings to walk over a kilometer in order to attend Mass. In 1933 she saw an image of Saint Dominic Savio in the "Bollettino Salesiano" with the late saint's motto: "Death rather than sin" and upon seeing it she exclaimed: "That applies to me too!" She cut out the image and then pasted it onto a card before hanging it over her bed – it remained a prized possession. She then began to read about his life and also liked to read the "External Maxims" that Saint Alphonsus Maria de' Liguori published and those of Saint Vincenzo Strambi. She also cultivated devotions to Saint Agnes of Rome and her town's patron Saint Julia of Corscia as well as Saint Cecilia and Saint Lucia.
In her adolescence she was noted for her modest speech and for her modest dress and was known to be timid and meek. Bracco disliked makeup though her attractiveness to men in her town saw them seek to walk with her in the fields or to Mass – she allowed this as a favor to them though remained reserved and modest in both action and thought. Her example became known when Father Olivieri often said: "Be like Teresa!" In Lent 1940 she meditated on the two themes of life and death after two Passionist priests preached on the topics. Her father died on 13 May 1944.
On 28 August 1944 she attended morning Mass at 7:00am and then went to work in the fields with her two sisters Anna and Adele when the three heard gunshots all of a sudden. At 9:00am partisans on the run warned them not to return to their home because the German soldiers were fast approaching and would pose a significant danger to the women though she wanted to return to help her mother hide and to take several possessions with her including a photograph of her late father.
The Nazi soldiers who had pushed back partisans entered her hometown of Santa Giulia and began to terrorize the residences while parading the partisans as their prisoners. At 3:00pm the soldiers arrived and she hid behind a rock though was soon discovered. The Nazis kidnapped several other women in addition to Bracco. In the procession of those taken prisoner she met her cousin Enrichetta Ferrera and her infant – Ferrera gave her child to Bracco for a brief moment but Bracco handed the child back when it began to wail and anger the soldiers.
One soldier took her into the woods to rape her and she tried in vain to run to find help though was caught. The angered soldier strangled her – despite her best efforts to resist – and then shot her twice in the heart. He then stomped on her skull. Father Natele searched the woods and discovered her remains on 30 August alongside Bracco's sister. It was found that the murdered Bracco was on her back with her hands crossed over her chest – a bullet went through one hand and was lodged in her upper chest and there was a pale mark on her throat in addition to bruises on her face and bite marks across her arms and chest. Olivieri hurried to cover her remains and Doctor Scorza was summoned to confirm the death and examine what had occurred. Her funeral was celebrated on 31 August.
Her remains were exhumed on 10 May 1989 for canonical inspection as part of the beatification process that had been initiated.
Beatification
The beatification process commenced on 15 April 1988 under Pope John Paul II after the Congregation for the Causes of Saints issued the official "nihil obstat" (nothing against) to the cause and titled her a Servant of God as the first stage in the process. Bishop Livio Maritano inaugurated the diocesan process on 20 June 1988 and later closed it not long after before the C.C.S. validated it – on 25 January 1991 – in Rome.
The official dossier known as the Positio was sent to the C.C.S. in 1993 and the theologians advising the latter approved the cause on 26 November 1996 while the cardinal and bishop members of the C.C.S. also approved the cause's merits on 15 April 1997. John Paul II issued his final approval on 7 July 1997 in a decree and on his pastoral visit to Turin beatified her on 24 May 1998.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
1924 births
1944 deaths
Catholic saints and blesseds of the Nazi era
Deaths by firearm in Italy
Italian beatified people
Italian civilians killed in World War II
People executed by Nazi Germany by firearm
People from Savona
Venerated Catholics
Matthew Corrin (born 1982) is a Canadian businessman. He is the founder, chairman and former CEO of Freshii.
Early life
Corrin was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1982. He attended St. John's-Ravenscourt School and the University of Western Ontario where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree. After graduating, Corrin moved to New York City where he became an intern on the Late Show with David Letterman.
Career
Corrin worked in New York City for fashion designer Oscar de la Renta when he came across the fresh delis and wanted to create his own fresh food business. In 2005, he started Freshii with the first location opening in Toronto, Ontario.
In 2022, Corrin stepped down as CEO of Freshii to focus on a new venture, Percy, which outsources cashiers at restaurants via videoconferencing.
References
Canadian businesspeople
1982 births
University of Western Ontario alumni
Living people
The Rural Municipality of Excel No. 71 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 3 and Division No. 2. It is located in the south-central portion of the province.
History
The RM of Excel No. 71 incorporated as a rural municipality on January 1, 1913.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Organized hamlets
Ormiston
Localities
Crane Valley
Maxwellton
Readlyn, dissolved as a village, December 31, 1955
Verwood, dissolved as a village, December 31, 1954
Viceroy, dissolved as a village, May 10, 2002
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Excel No. 71 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Excel No. 71 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Excel No. 71 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the first Tuesday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Arnold Montgomery while its administrator is Jan McDonald. The RM's office is located in Viceroy.
Transportation
The Red Coat & Rail Ltd. operates a short-line railway through the rural municipality. It is primarily used for the transport of agricultural products.
References
E
Division No. 3, Saskatchewan
White Wolf is a Canadian heavy metal band from Edmonton, Alberta, led by Don Wolf.
History
White Wolf originally formed in 1975 under the name Slamm, then changed to Warrior before settling on White Wolf. The group played locally for several years before landing a recording contract with RCA Records; their debut album, Standing Alone, was issued on the label in 1984. The band toured in Canada, the United States, Europe and Japan in support of the album.
A second album, Endangered Species, was released in 1986. The album included one song which was made into a music video: "She".
The group disbanded shortly after completing the album, but released a third album with new material, Victim Of The Spotlight, in 2007. They came together again for a tour of Germany that year; a concert from this tour was recorded live and released in 2008 by Escape Music as WHITE WOLF Live in Germany.
As of 2016, White Wolf continues to perform occasionally at local venues.
Members
Current members:
Don Wolf (Wilk) - vocals, keyboards
Cam McLeod - lead guitar, vocals, record producer
Scott Webb - rhythm & lead guitar, backing vocals
Russel Berquist - bass, backing vocals
Brendan Ostrander - drums, backing vocals
David J Petovar - keyboards, backing vocals
Past members:
Rick Nelson - guitar
Loris Bolzon - drums
Les Schwartz - bass
Martin Kronlund - guitar
Richard Quist - bass, keyboards
Imre Daun - drums
Dale Christie - guitar
Discography
Standing Alone (RCA, 1984), U.S. No. 162
Endangered Species (RCA, 1986), U.S. No. 137
Victim of the Spotlight (Escape Music, 2007)
Standing Alone/Endangered Species (2 disc digipack) (Escape Music, 2007)
Live in Germany (Escape Music, 2009)
References
Canadian heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1975
Musical groups disestablished in 1986
Musical groups from Edmonton
1975 establishments in Alberta
1986 disestablishments in Canada
Harold Leman Spears (December 31, 1919 – December 6, 1944) was an American combat pilot who was a United States Marine Corps fighter ace during World War II.
See also
Robert M. Hanson
Donald N. Aldrich
References
External links
1919 births
1944 deaths
American World War II flying aces
Aviators from Ohio
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
United States Marine Corps officers
United States Marine Corps pilots of World War II
United States Naval Aviators
United States Marine Corps personnel killed in World War II
Zimbabwe National Statistics Agency (ZIMSTAT) is the statistics agency of Zimbabwe. It is headquartered in the Kaguvi Building in Harare.
Census and Statistics Act of 2007 created the agency. It replaced the Central Statistical Office (CSO). It was headquartered in the Kaguvi Building in Harare.
References
External links
Zimbabwe National Statistics Agency
Government of Zimbabwe
National statistical services
Government agencies established in 2007
2007 establishments in Zimbabwe
Troms Folkeblad is a newspaper published in Troms, Norway. Its main office is located in Finnsnes.
History and profile
Troms Folkeblad was first published on 15 November 1965. The paper is part of Polaris Media and is published by Harstad Tidende Gruppen AS, a subsidiary of Polaris Media. It covers the local communities Lenvik, Berg, Torsken, Tranøy, Sørreisa, Dyrøy, Salangen, Lavangen, Bardu and Målselv. The chief editor and publisher is Steinulf Henriksen.
The printed edition is published from Mondays to Saturdays. The newspaper had 24,000 readers in 2007.
References
External links
www.folkebladet.no
1965 establishments in Norway
Newspapers published in Norway
Norwegian-language newspapers
Polaris Media
Publications established in 1965
Mass media in Troms
Waldine, Op. 385, is a polka-mazurka composed by Johann Strauss II. The title is taken from one of Strauss' operettas, Blindekuh (Blind Man's Buff). Waldine was the last, as well as the least successful, of the five orchestral dance compositions that Strauss had arranged on tunes from the operetta, having been first performed an entire year after the premiere of the operetta, where it was conducted by Eduard Strauss in the Musikverein in Vienna on December 7, 1879.
References
Compositions by Johann Strauss II
Polkas
1879 compositions
The 2022 Pac-12 Conference men's soccer season is the 23rd season of men's varsity soccer sponsored by the Pac-12 Conference. Part of the 2022 NCAA Division I men's soccer season, the Pac-12 will begin play in August 2022 and conclude in November 2022.
Oregon State are the defending Pac-12 champions.
Teams
Stadiums and Locations
Preseason
Recruiting classes
Preseason Coaches polls
The preseason polls will be released on August 16, 2022. Oregon State and Washington were voted to be co-champions. Below are the results of the media poll with total points received next to each school and first-place votes in parentheses.
Preseason awards
All−American teams
Preseason All Pac-12
First Team
Second Team
All Pac–12 Honorable Mention (received votes from four or more members of the media):
California:
Oregon State:
San Diego State:
Stanford:
UCLA:
Washington:
Preseason exhibitions
Head coaches
Coaching changes
There was one coaching change ahead of the 2022 season. California head coach, Kevin Grimes, retired at the end of the 2021 season. Grimes was replaced by Leonard Griffin, who had previously coached Grand Canyon University.
Coaches
Note: All stats current through the completion of the 2021 season
Regular season
All times Pacific time.
Conference results
Each team plays every other conference team twice; once home and once away.
Positions by round
Schedule
Week 1 (Aug 22–28)
Week 2 (Aug 29–Sep 4)
Week 3 (Sep 5–11)
Week 4 (Sep 12–18)
Week 5 (Sep 19–25)
Week 6 (Sep 26–Oct 2)
Week 7 (Oct 3–9)
Week 8 (Oct 10–16)
Week 9 (Oct 17–23)
Week 10 (Oct 24–30)
Week 11 (Oct 31–Nov 6)
Week 12 (Nov 7–13)
Postseason
NCAA tournament
Rankings
National rankings
Regional rankings - USC Far West Region
The United Soccer Coaches' Far West region ranks teams across the Pac-12, Big West, and WAC.
Awards and honors
Player of the week honors
Following each week's games, Pac-12 conference officials select the player of the week.
Postseason honors
Conference honors
National honors
MLS SuperDraft
Draft picks
Homegrown contracts
Notes
References
External links
Pac-12 Men's Soccer
2022 NCAA Division I men's soccer season
Ahmed Eisa Kamil (Arabic:أحمد عيسى كميل; born 19 September 1983 ) is an Emirati footballer.
External links
References
Emirati footballers
1983 births
Living people
Al-Ittihad Kalba SC players
Al-Shaab CSC players
Dibba FC players
Khor Fakkan Sports Club players
Place of birth missing (living people)
UAE First Division League players
UAE Pro League players
Association football defenders
Juvenilia; or, a Collection of Poems Written between the ages of Twelve and Sixteen by J. H. L. Hunt, Late of the Grammar School of Christ's Hospital, commonly known as Juvenilia, was a collection of poems written by James Henry Leigh Hunt at a young age and published in March 1801. As an unknown author, Hunt's work was not accepted by any professional publishers, and his father Isaac Hunt instead entered into an agreement with the printer James Whiting to have the collection printed privately. The collection had over 800 subscribers, including important academics, politicians and lawyers, and even people from the United States. The critical and public response to Hunt's work was positive; by 1803 the collection had run into four volumes. The Monthly Mirror declared the collection to show "proofs of poetic genius, and literary ability", and Edmund Blunden held that the collection acted as a predictor of Hunt's later success. Hunt himself came to despise the collection as "a heap of imitations, all but absolutely worthless", but critics have argued that without this early success to bolster his confidence Hunt's later career could have been far less successful.
Background
When Hunt was 15, he entered into a series of competitions run by the Monthly Preceptor calling for the submission of both poems and essays. Throughout 1800, Hunt submitted various works including a translation of Horace, which won first prize. In December, he came in second for an essay called "On Humanity to the Brute Creation as a Moral and Christian Duty". The Monthly Preceptor printed many of his poems, even ones not submitted for the competition. The successful publication of these works prompted his father Isaac Hunt to collect his son's childhood poetry to publish them. Since publishers would not pay the expenses to publish a book for an unknown author, Isaac Hunt decided to take subscriptions for the book to defer the cost of publication. Under an agreement with the printer James Whiting, the Hunts collected subscribers with the support of his uncle and aunt, Benjamin and Elizabeth West.
Eventually, they were able to collect over 800 subscribers to the volume. The collection was published March 1801 with the title Juvenilia; or, a Collection of Poems Written between the ages of Twelve and Sixteen by J. H. L. Hunt, Late of the Grammar School of Christ's Hospital with a subscription list that ran for more than 15 pages. The subscribers included important academics and artists, well known publishers and booksellers, and many politicians, lawyers, and government employees. The list covered people from all aspects of British life and even included many from the United States. A frontispiece by Francesco Bartollozi based on a painting by Raphael West was included in the edition based on an allegorical representation of penury from Hunt's poem "Retirement". The third edition included an engraving of Hunt's portrait by Robert Bowyer. By 1803, four editions of the volume had been published with a new set of subscriptions for each, which included many famous politicians, artists, and other well-known individuals.
Poems
The collection separated the poems into sections based on genre and type: elegy, hymn, ode, pastoral, sonnet, allegory modelled after Edmund Spenser's, and a section for miscellaneous. The volume begins with "Macbeth; or, the Ill Effects of Ambition" and "Content". Poems that followed are "Chearfulness" and The Palace of Pleasure. The miscellaneous poems include: "Retirement, or the Golden Mean", "Remembered Friendship", "Christ's Hospital", "The Negro Boy, A Ballad", "Epitaph on Robespierre", "Written at the Time of the War in Switzerland", "Speech of Caractacus to Claudius Caesar", and "Progress of Painting".
In the "Progress of Painting", Hunt reveals his debt to the artistic background of his uncle in introducing the wonders of various painters. Hunt's "Remembered Friendship" is similar to Samuel Taylor Coleridge's depiction of a childhood watching of the sky in Frost at Midnight.
Most of the work was imitative. Although success allowed Hunt greater opportunities and connections in Britain, he later believed that his early success kept him from properly starting his path to become a poet.
Critical response
The response to Hunt's Juvenilia was positive. The reviews focused on Hunt's successful youthful accomplishment and he was well received by the literary establishment. In an immediate review, the Monthly Mirror claimed that the poems were "proofs of poetic genius, and literary ability, which reflect great credit on the youthful author, and will justify the most sanguine expectations of his future reputation". However, Hunt later stated, "I was as proud, perhaps, of the book at the time as I am ashamed of it now [...] a heap of imitations, all but absolutely worthless". Edmund Blunden, in 1930, argued: "The best poetical promise in Juvenilia was an occasional floweriness of colouring and personal fancy [...] But even in most juvenile passages the collection informs us of Hunt's boyish attainments and natural tastes, anticipating his later characteristics in several tendencies."
In 1985, Ann Blainery wrote, "For a boy of 17 it was an achievement, and if it went to his head this was understandable. The shy schoolboy whose poems were despised by his teacher had become a literary lion-cub. Without the confidence imparted by his first book, his career could have been very different." Nicholas Roe claimed, "His Juvenilia has been genuinely impressive for the skill with which he had imitated other writers, and it had deservedly drawn admiration." Anthony Holden argued, "The opening ode on Macbeth [...] is declared, as if by way of apology for its orotund emptiness, to have been written at the age of twelve. Even so, it shows a remarkably precocious technique, as do the marginally more mature teenager's fluent if florid pastiches of Spenser and Pope, Dryden and Gay, Thomson and Johnson, even Akenside and Ossian".
Notes
References
Blainey, Ann. Immortal Boy. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1985.
Blunden, Edmund. Leigh Hunt and His Circle. London: Harper & Brothers Publishers, 1930.
Edgecombe, Rodney. Leigh Hunt and the Poetry of Fancy. Madison: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1994.
Holden, Anthony. The Wit in the Dungeon. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2005.
Roe, Nicholas. Fiery Heart. London: Pimlico, 2005.
1801 poems
English poetry collections
Works by Leigh Hunt
Thief of Hearts is a 1984 American erotic drama film produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer. It was written and directed by Douglas Day Stewart.
It stars Steven Bauer, Barbara Williams, John Getz and David Caruso. The film was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Musical Score for Giorgio Moroder.
Plot
A burglar, Scott Muller (Steven Bauer), teams up with his buddy Buddy Calamara (David Caruso), a valet at a high-society restaurant. Buddy keeps an eye on Mickey and Ray Davis, a rich married couple, while Scott robs their home.
One night, one of the items Scott takes is a diary belonging to the wife (Barbara Williams). Scott reads the diary and discovers that the wife, Mickey, an interior designer, yearns for a more interesting life. He quickly becomes infatuated with her. The diary is full of her fantasies and dreams, so Scott plans to turn these into reality.
Mickey's husband, children's book author Ray Davis (John Getz), gets too involved in his work and neglects his wife's needs. Scott uses his inside knowledge to seduce her, using the pretext of needing someone to re-design his apartment, and posing as a school supply company CEO. The forbidden romance soon blossoms into a passionate sexual relationship, as Ray becomes suspicious.
During another robbery, Buddy kills a policeman who spotted them. Scott becomes more and more tense when Mickey starts asking questions about him and his past. Ray decides to follow Scott with his friend and publisher Marty Morrison (George Wendt). They snoop around the building used by the robbers and find out Scott is the thief who stole his belongings.
Buddy sees Ray there. He tells Scott, who, visibly agitated, goes to see Mickey, asking her to leave the city with him, revealing he was the one who stole her diary. Her husband arrives and fights with Scott, and when Mickey comes to her husband's aid, Scott leaves.
When the Davises go to a restaurant, Scott breaks into their home and reads Mickey's latest diary entry. Buddy intends to rob them again and Scott tries to stop him. They fight and one gets stabbed with Buddy's knife. The married couple come home to find the last standing intruder still in the house.
Mickey gets out her pistol and aims at the masked man. A gunshot is heard and the man stumbles down. The police arrives and it is revealed that the man shot was Buddy. Mickey goes to the bedroom and finds out that Scott is there, alive but wounded. Rather than be arrested for having shot Buddy, he escapes from the police through the window as Mickey watches him running in the dark.
Cast
Steven Bauer as Scott Muller
Barbara Williams as Mickey Davis
John Getz as Ray Davis
David Caruso as Buddy Calamara
Alan North as Sweeney
Christine Ebersole as Janie Pointer
George Wendt as Marty Morrison
Production
Douglas Day Stewart wrote and directed the film off the back of his successful scripts for The Blue Lagoon and especially An Officer and a Gentleman. The latter was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer who produced Thief of Hearts. Stewart called the film "an unusual romantic drama best described as an American Last Tango in Paris... I never try to write to the market. I just write love-themed material. I think my last project shows there has been terrible starvation for love themed projects in the movies."
Stewart said "The story started for me about 12 years ago, when I was robbed. You start to try to put faces to the people that came in and walked around and lifted your personal possessions. They might have touched the bed where you slept, or looked at that intimate photo in that drawer. That was the beginning of the story, but I didn't quite have a handle on it for many years until I added the element of the journals."
Stewart says "read all those books about women's sexual fantasies. I talked to women about their fantasies. I read journal entries. It proved to me that women lived so much inside their fantasies that men didn't realize it."
Stewart estimated he did 23 drafts. Filming started 13 February 1984 in San Francisco. It was made by the team of Simpson-Bruckheimer who were coming off a big success with Flashdance.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a score of 0% based on reviews from 6 critics.
Vincent Canby of The New York Times called it "a good, romantic suspense film that, at its best, has some of the steaminess of Lawrence Kasdan's Body Heat, although a few important plot twists don't stand careful scrutiny."
The film was the only flop from Simpson and Bruckheimer in their early days. Simpson later dismissed Stewart in an interview as "a man with nice hair. He should probably stick to writing."
Home media
Thief of Hearts was released on DVD on April 16, 2002. The DVD release is heavily edited, especially the gun range scene.
References
External links
1984 films
American erotic drama films
American erotic thriller films
American psychological thriller films
1980s psychological thriller films
Paramount Pictures films
Films produced by Don Simpson
Films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer
Films directed by Douglas Day Stewart
Films with screenplays by Douglas Day Stewart
Films scored by Harold Faltermeyer
1980s erotic drama films
1980s erotic thriller films
1984 drama films
1980s English-language films
1984 directorial debut films
1980s American films
BAZAN Group, (ORL or BAZAN, ), formerly Oil Refineries Ltd., is an oil refining and petrochemicals company located in Haifa Bay, Israel. It operates the largest oil refinery in the country. ORL has a total oil refining capacity of approximately 9.8 million tons of crude oil per year with a Nelson complexity index of 9. ORL provides a variety of products used in industrial operations, agriculture and transportation. ORL is Israel's largest integrated refining and petrochemical facility. The company also provides storage and transportation services for oil fuel products, as well as electricity and steam to industrial customers in the region.
History
The company's beginnings date back to the British Mandate for Palestine when Consolidated Refineries Limited (CRL), a joint venture of Shell and the Anglo-American Oil Company (now Esso), started constructing a sprawling refinery complex which sat at the end of the British-built Mosul-Haifa oil pipeline which stretched from the oil fields near Kirkuk in then British-controlled Iraq.
Construction of the first refinery unit started in 1938 and was carried out by the M. W. Kellogg Co. with assistance from Solel Boneh, with an annual capacity of two million tons of crude oil. Construction was completed in 1944, increasing the annual yield to four million tons of crude oil.
During World War II, the complex supplied refined products to British and American forces operating in the Mediterranean and Middle East theatre, and was bombed many times during the early stage of the war, by Italy. Damage to the refineries was quickly repaired.
Due to concerns about the Arab League Boycott, the British Government sold CRL to the State of Israel in 1958 which then changed its name to Oil Refineries Ltd.
Since then the complex has undergone significant expansion and upgrades. In the past, ORL also owned the Ashdod Oil Refinery in southern Israel and therefore as a company, it held a monopoly over oil refining in the country. This changed in 2006, when Israel's Government Companies Authority, headed by Eyal Gabbai started privatization processes.
On August 1, 2006, the Ashdod facilities were sold to the Paz Oil Company for 3.5 billion ILS. In February 2007, 44% of the shares were sold to institutional investors. Following this, 46% were sold to the Ofer-Federman group at 3.30 ILS per share, with the remaining shares sold in an IPO on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange in 2007. There were more than 5,500 requests to buy shares, an unprecedented number.
Since 2008 the company's historic cooling towers have not been in use. One of the towers was converted into a visitor's center, which is open to the public for free, multi-sensory tours.
In 2009 the Bazan Group and Olefins companies merged and in 2010 Haifa Basic Oils was fully purchased by Bazan. In 2012 Bazan commissioned UOP's Unicracking strategies in its plants for production of liquid petroleum gas, naphtha, and kerosene.
More than 70% of ORL's products are distributed locally (for private and public purposes) and the rest is exported. The company is a direct employer of 1,500 workers and an additional 2,000 contractors; the majority of employees are residents of Haifa and the northern region of Israel.
On June 12, 2020, the eastern cooling tower unexpectedly collapsed.
Subsidiaries
Carmel Olefins is Israel's sole manufacturer of petrochemical products that are used as raw materials for the plastics industry. Carmel manufactures standard and special grades of polypropylene (PP) as well as a broad range of low density polyethylene (LDPE) grades.
Gadiv Petrochemicals, opened in 1974, manufactures and supplies a range of petrochemicals products including aromatic hydrocarbons, aliphatic solvents and intermediates for pharmaceutical, plastic, food and chemical industries.
Haifa Basic Oils produces base oils and paraffin wax, exporting nearly 50% of its products to overseas companies.
Partnerships and innovation
In 2018 Bazan launched BNNovation, an innovation initiative to grow small and larger companies in the fields of energy, renewable energy, and industry. In 2019, BNNovation was among the founders of ESIL Technologies, an international team operating a lab for cleantech innovation and environmental protection. Also in 2019, Bazan won the tender to establish an environmental innovation lab in Haifa Bay together with the Israeli branch of EDF Renewables and Johnson Matthey.
Partners include Haier Group Corporation and Leumi Partners.
On November 16, 2020, Bazan signed a MOU with the Emirtati energy company Mazrui International to import polymers that are not made in Israel. In Nov 2021, UBQ Materials signed with Bazan to provide climate-friendly thermoplastics for resin products.
Environmental impact
BAZAN Group's vast petrochemical plants have released significant amounts of pollution to the environment around Haifa Bay. The company has set goals to reduce air pollution, including investing over a billion dollars to develop environmentally-friendly systems.
Starting in March 2011, after being connected to the new national natural gas distribution grid, the plants switched to using natural gas (rather than mostly fuel oil) as their main power source, thus greatly reducing the amount of air pollution emanating from the complex. In 2012, the company also completed a hydrocracking unit. The switch to natural gas was expected to save the company US$200 million per year in fuel and other costs.
In 2014 ORL acquired systems for treating hazards related to smells and treating emissions of volatile organic materials.
In 2020, ORL published its first report for Corporate Responsibility since 2011, including its achievements in reducing benzene emissions and facilitating healthier environmental conditions.
In December 2020 BAZAN announced a $3.7 million project to create, compress and transport hydrogen with the ultimate goal of bringing hydrogen-fueled cars to Israel.
In April 2021, a government CEO committee assigned to resolve Haifa's decline, suggested a full closure of Bazan group's facilities within 10 years, is required.
In July 2021, Bazan presented plans to become the leading Israeli supplier of renewable energy and alternative fuels at a conference in Tel Aviv. The company announced it would make $1.5 billion in capital investments by 2030, and laid out a three-pronged strategy built in accordance with international ESG standards. The company announced a set objective of 15% green polymers by 2025 and 30% by 2030.
See also
Israel Corporation
Gadiv Petrochemical Industries
References
External links
Official site
Oil and gas companies of Israel
Companies listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
1958 establishments in Israel
Companies based in Haifa
Formerly government-owned companies of Israel
Kathy Yaeji Lee (;, born August 6, 1993), known professionally as Yaeji, is a Korean-American singer, DJ, and producer based in Brooklyn, New York. Her style blends elements of house music and hip hop with mellow, quiet vocals sung in both English and Korean.
Early life
Kathy Yaeji Lee was born August 6, 1993, in Flushing, Queens, as a single child in a Korean family. She moved from New York to Atlanta when she was 5, and then to South Korea in the third grade. While living in South Korea, Yaeji switched between different international schools on a yearly basis, leading her to find friends on the Internet, where she would first discover music. She also briefly attended school in Japan before moving back to Korea.
Yaeji eventually moved back to the United States to study conceptual art, East Asian studies, and graphic design at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. She embraced DJing as a hobby while attending Carnegie Mellon, crediting the afterhours electronic music dance party Hot Mass with her "indoctrination into nightlife." Yaeji learned how to use Traktor and began DJing at house parties. She DJed for two years before learning Ableton, making her own music and debuting on Carnegie Mellon's college radio station WRCT. Yaeji graduated from Carnegie Mellon in 2015.
Career
After graduation, Yaeji moved back to New York City to get involved in the music scene and to DJ. Her first single, "New York '93", referring to her year of birth, was issued on the New York City label Godmode on February 29, 2016, followed by a cover of "Guap" by Australian DJ Mall Grab that May. She had previously uploaded songs to SoundCloud, although they were removed; this included "Areyouami", which was released when she was at college.
Her debut eponymous EP, including both prior singles, was released by Godmode on March 31, 2017.
She began to gain attention following her first Boiler Room session in May 2017, which involved a remix of Drake's single "Passionfruit". The song was later released officially on Godmode's Soundcloud page.
The first of several stand-alone singles, "Therapy" was issued in July 2017, followed by a two-track digital single, Remixes, Vol. 1, on August 1 and the "Last Breath" single on August 28.
The music video for the single "Drink I'm Sippin On" was released on 88rising's YouTube channel in October 2017, quickly gaining over 1 million views in two weeks.
On November 3, 2017, Yaeji released her second EP, EP2, to positive reviews and moderate commercial success. The video for "Raingurl" was released on November 16.
Yaeji was named to the BBC's Sound of 2018 longlist in November 2017. She also performed at the 2018 Coachella Festival.
In 2021, "Raingurl" made it into New York Times's T magazine Spotify playlist, "Right Here: Asian Women Artists in the West." She also performed at BRIC's Celebrate Brooklyn! music festival, where she was rushed by fans.
Personal life
Yaeji currently lives in Brooklyn.
Discography
Mixtapes
Extended plays
Singles
As featured artist
Remixes
Videos
"New York '93" (2016)
"Guap" (2016)
"Noonside" (2017)
"Feel It Out" (2017)
"Therapy" (2017)
"Last Breath" (2017)
"Drink I'm Sippin On" (2017)
"Raingurl" (2017)
"One More" (2018)
"Waking Up Down" (2020)
"What We Drew " (2020)
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
American electronic musicians
American house musicians
Musicians from Brooklyn
American musicians of Korean descent
Living people
American women in electronic music
1993 births
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
Woman DJs
American women DJs
LGBT people from Korea
Lesbian musicians
The Latin American Diet Pyramid is a nutrition guide that was developed by Oldways and scientific advisers from the Harvard School of Public Health, the Baylor College of Medicine, and the Latin American Summit Scientific Committee in 2005. It is a tradition-based diet that suggests the types and frequency of foods that should be enjoyed every day.
This pyramid is based on two distinct historical periods of the culinary evolution of the peoples of Latin America.
The first period describes the dietary traditions of regions inhabited primarily by three high cultures of aboriginal Latin Americans: the Aztec, the Inca, and the Maya. The second period describes the dietary traditions that emerged following the arrival of Columbus, at about 1500, to the present time. The dietary patterns followed today by the people of Latin America find their roots in both of these historical culinary patterns.
The selection of these peoples and of these time periods as a basis for the design follows from these considerations:
A consistency with patterns of other healthy population groups of the world;
Availability of data describing the character of food consumption patterns of the areas at that time; and
The convergence of the dietary patterns revealed by these data and our current understanding of optimal nutrition based on world-wide epidemiological studies and clinical trials.
Variations of these diets have traditionally existed in other parts of Central America, South America, the Caribbean, and the southern edge United States. For the purposes of this research, the aforementioned regions are considered as part of Latin America. They are closely related to traditional areas of maize, potato, peanut, and dry bean cultivation in the Latin American region.
Given these carefully defined parameters of geography and time, the phrase traditional Latin American diet is used here as a shorthand for those traditional diets of these regions and peoples during two specific time periods that are historically associated with good health.
The design of the Latin American Diet Pyramid is not based solely on either the weight or the percentage of energy (calories) that foods account for in the diet, but on a blend of these that is meant to give relative proportions and a general sense of frequency of servings, as well as an indication of which foods to favour in a healthy Latin American-style diet.
Resources
National Diabetes Information Clearinghouse. National diabetes statistics. NIH publication 02–3892. 2002. Fact sheet. http://www.niddk.nih.gov/health/diabetes/pubs/dmstats/dmstats.htm. Accessed April 4, 2002.
Latino Nutrition Coalition
Latin American Diet Summit Consensus Statement
Nutritional advice pyramids
2005 establishments in North America
2005 establishments in South America
Latin American cuisine
"Omega Station" is the eighth episode and season finale of the second season of the American anthology crime drama television series True Detective. It is the 16th overall episode of the series and was written by series creator Nic Pizzolatto, and directed by John Crowley. It was first broadcast on HBO in the United States on August 9, 2015.
The season is set in California, and focuses on three detectives, Ray Velcoro (Colin Farrell), Ani Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams) and Paul Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch), from three cooperating police departments and a criminal-turned-businessman named Frank Semyon (Vince Vaughn) as they investigate a series of crimes they believe are linked to the murder of a corrupt politician. In the episode, Velcoro and Bezzerides partner with Semyon in order to take down their enemies in a last stand.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 2.73 million household viewers and gained a 1.2 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received mixed-to-negative reviews from critics; the writing, resolution to the main mystery, lack of emotional stakes, pacing, and anticlimactic ending were criticized, with many deeming it a disappointing season, although some praised the performances and Crowley's directing.
Plot
After having sex, Velcoro (Colin Farrell) and Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams) discuss their problems. Bezzerides recalls her childhood molestation at the hands of a stranger. Velcoro recalls when he confronted Gena's supposed rapist and then killed him.
Semyon (Vince Vaughn) asks Jordan (Kelly Reilly) to leave for Barquisimeto in Venezuela with Nails (Chris Kerson). Jordan refuses to leave him but he convinces her he will see her in two weeks, telling her to meet him in the local Obelisk with a white dress while he wears a white suit with a rose. He bids both Jordan and Nails farewell as they leave. He later visits Chessani (Ritchie Coster) at his mansion, only to discover him dead in the pool. He questions Veronica (Agnes Olech) about it, and she insinuates that Tony (Vinicius Machado) was involved in his murder. He calls Osip (Timothy V. Murphy) to threaten him and settles down at a bunker at the Black Rose to map out his plan, with the help of Felicia (Yara Martinez).
Velcoro calls Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch), only to be answered by Burris (James Frain), who was with the police as they take his corpse. Velcoro knows he is involved and Burris suggests meeting up. Knowing that he will be blamed for his death, Velcoro and Bezzerides deduce that Laura (Courtney Halverson), Caspere's secretary, and Lenny (Luke Edwards), a photographer from the movie set of the stolen prop car, as possible suspects in Caspere's death. They visit their house, finding the bird mask, weapons and pictures of many officers, including Burris and Holloway (Afemo Omilami). They also discover Laura, handcuffed to the fireplace. She confesses to meeting Tony, who put her to work with Caspere. She also admits that Lenny is responsible for Caspere's death, intending to meet with Holloway to trade the hard drive (which has been erased) for money in the new train station at Anaheim (ARTIC).
Bezzerides takes Laura to a bus station, telling her to go to Seattle for a new life. Velcoro goes to the train station at Anaheim to meet with Lenny, confronting him for shooting him and his incoming plan. As Holloway shows up, Velcoro shows him and they sit on a bench, with Lenny behind them, but with Burris nearby. Using a wire, Velcoro claims to have the hard drive and demands the diamonds, also having him reveal his involvement in Amarilla's death and his partnership with Tony. Holloway then claims that Laura was Caspere's illegitimate daughter, prompting an angry Lenny to attempt to stab him, only to be shot by Burris. Bezzerides, who arrived at the location, also starts shooting but in the chaos, the crowd steps on the wire, destroying their evidence and forcing her and Velcoro to escape. Lenny then stabs Holloway until both are gunned down by law officials.
Velcoro and Bezzerides take refuge with Semyon at his bunker. While talking to Bezzerides, Semyon tells her she should leave for Barquisimeto and deliver a message to Jordan. Semyon suggests to Velcoro to strike back at their enemies and he decides to do it. Velcoro and Semyon then intercept a Catalast meeting at a cabin in the woods and they kill everyone, including Osip and McCandless (Jon Lindstrom). They also steal $12 million, which they equally split, and they part ways, intending to meet in Barquisimeto.
Bezzerides informs Velcoro that Dr. Pitlor (Rick Springfield) has been killed and both agree to meet soon. He then drives to meet with Chad (Trevor Larcom) at school, where he is overjoyed to see him with his father's police badge. Chad notices him and they silently exchange a look at each other before he leaves. He returns to his car, discovering that hitmen have put a transponder. Instead of removing it, he drives off with the car as he is being followed by a black SUV. Meanwhile, Semyon is intercepted by the Mexican cartel and is driven to an unknown location.
Realizing that his fate is sealed, Velcoro calls Bezzerides, telling her to leave for Venezuela, lying that he will see her soon. He then privately talks to Felicia, telling her that he will die but she must make sure that Bezzerides leaves, and she agrees to do it. Semyon is taken to the desert, where the cartel bosses are angry for the clubs' destruction. He offers $1 million for his life, which the cartel accepts but they refuse to take him out of the desert, unless he gives up his suit. He refuses and punches a member of the cartel, but is fatally stabbed and left alone in the desert. Bleeding, he starts walking his way back to civilization. Meanwhile, Bezzerides leaves the city in a bus, then leaves for a boat.
While driving through the woods, Velcoro leaves a phone message to Chad but the signal loss prevents the message from being sent. He leaves the vehicle and his share of the money behind just as the black SUV catches up with him. He escapes through the woods while being followed by Burris and hitmen. He kills some of them and prepares for one last stand, but is gunned down by Burris and his henchmen. He left back his phone, which didn't send the phone message. Back at the desert, Semyon is haunted by hallucinations of his father and childhood bullies, who taunt him. He then sees an hallucination of Jordan in a white dress, who tells him he died some time ago. He turns back and sees his corpse in the ground, his walk part of the hallucination. Accepting his fate, he drops dead to the ground.
In the aftermath, Eddie (Fred Ward) is disheartened to see the media report Velcoro's death. Gena (Abigail Spencer) finally receives the results of her paternity test, which states that Velcoro was Chad's father. Woodrugh has a highway named after him, with Emily (Adria Arjona), Cynthia (Lolita Davidovich) and his baby attending. Tony Chessani is named Mayor of Vinci, while elected Governor Richard Geldof (C. S. Lee) inaugurates the California High-Speed Rail Authority, which goes as planned.
Some time later, in Barquisimeto, Bezzerides speaks with Dan Howser (Stevin Knight), recounting on all the events that happened and provides with all incriminating evidence, including Caspere's case files. Howser tries to convince her to testify in court but she declines. She leaves for a room, revealing that she lives with Jordan and her daughter, who is also Velcoro's daughter. They leave the room, joining Nails outside. They walk through the crowd, until they disappear.
Production
Development
In June 2015, the episode's title was revealed as "Omega Station" and it was announced that series creator Nic Pizzolatto had written the episode while John Crowley had directed it. This was Pizzolatto's sixteenth writing credit, and Crowley's second directing credit.
Reception
Viewers
The episode was watched by 2.73 million viewers, earning a 1.2 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale. This means that 1.2 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. This was a 25% increase from the previous episode, which was watched by 2.18 million viewers with a 1.0 in the 18-49 demographics. But it was a 23% decrease from the previous season finale, which was watched by 3.52 million viewers with a 1.6 in the 18-49 demographics.
Critical reviews
"Omega Station" received mixed-to-negative reviews from critics. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 31% approval rating for the episode, based on 36 reviews, with an average rating of 5.84/10. The site's consensus states: "A disappointing ending to a disappointing season, 'Omega Station' was packed with incident but ultimately failed to tie together the many narrative strands of True Detectives second incarnation."
Alan Sepinwall of HitFix wrote, "'Omega Station' was all the sins of season 2 writ large. It offered long swaths of action that made little sense, followed by awkward exposition dumps. It was self-serious to the point of self-parody. The characters were so sketchily written that there was almost no impact when several of them died."
Gwilym Mumford of The Guardian wrote, "The formulaic tropes that plagued the second season continue right into the bloody finale, and many questions have been left unanswered." Ben Travers of IndieWire gave the episode a "C-" grade and wrote, "After spending seven weeks weighing each episode on this scale — murder mystery vs. character study — it turns out True Detective Season 2 was neither. For it to be a mystery, audiences would have needed to enjoy piecing together the clues, rather than waiting for missing bits of exposition to drop heavily during long-winded back-and-forths. While there were times the rampant confusion over what was happening on True Detective was overblown, it would be hard to argue anyone was engaged with the mystery for the right reasons. In the end, it was a simple case of revenge and everything surrounding it was just filler thrown in to add unfounded complexity. In other words, Season 2 was filled with poorly chosen red herrings, and what did matter lacked the dramatic heft of better stories."
Jeff Jensen of Entertainment Weekly wrote, "An ambitious, busted season comes to a bleak, unfulfilling conclusion." Aaron Riccio of Slant Magazine wrote, "True Detectives first season had a methodical and measured approach to tracking its villain, but this season doesn't know when to stop changing things up."
Brian Lowry of Variety wrote, "Despite rallying marginally at the end, the encore to the acclaimed limited series that paired Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson proved a major disappointment – not just compared to the original, but on its own turgid terms. It's hard to say if the concept is mortally wounded – the beauty of self-contained series, beyond opening casting doors, is the opportunity to start from scratch – but ultimately, this was to film noir what bad imitation Hemingway is to Hemingway." Sean T. Collins of Rolling Stone wrote, "True Detective creator Nic Pizzolatto delivered a frustrating finale that tried to have its catharsis cake and mute it too. He allowed many of its main characters to go down in an unironic blaze of glory, then insisted it was all more or less pointless. A show that has spent its entire existence straddling both sides of the self-parody line just doesn't have the control required to pull off that contrast. It felt like a celebration of macho genre nonsense rather than an examination of it. After eight-plus hours of aimlessly cruising around the California noir freeway, it's high time we headed for the exit ramp."
Shane Ryan of Paste gave the episode a 4.8 out of 10 and wrote, "The beautiful mess is over, and the tumbling, changeable dice that is True Detective season two landed more on 'mess' than 'beautiful' in last night's finale." Kenny Herzog of Vulture gave the episode a 3-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "This iteration of True Detective as a whole oriented, disoriented, and then reoriented us to its environment and ethos with lurid detours into genre storytelling and sobering cause and effect on real lives. It wasn't always coherent, and it could be unintentionally comical, but it's hard not to walk away having received the message that if we don't want more Vincis to take root and prosper, it is indeed time to wake up."
Not all reviews were negative. Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a "great" 8.5 out of 10 and wrote in his verdict, "True Detectives second season certainly contained a lot. To both admire and chastise, I suppose. Did so many heroes fall this year because Season 1's cops survived? Or was it because that's the end result of this type of sprawling, nesting doll noir? No happy endings. No defeating the hydra. Because, overall, the villain is human corruption and greed. I'm very glad that last week's episode made big strides, character-wise, because I did feel actively invested in most everyone's survival. Something I probably couldn't have said halfway through the season. A solid, somber finish to a shaky season."
Emily L. Stephens of The A.V. Club gave the episode a "B+" grade and wrote, "This last episode of True Detectives second season doesn't redeem the confusion that came before, and even as a strong chapter in a weak season, it trips over itself several times. But it packs a potency that will linger."
Tony Sokol of Den of Geek gave the episode a 4-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "True Detectives 'Omega Station' runs out of steam before it runs out of track. It keeps a good pace, but the ticket never gets punched." Carissa Pavlica of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 3.5-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "True Detective Season 2 wasn't a win. With an absolutely stellar cast, there wasn't anything that could be done with a story gone bad or editing that ran amok. Hopefully some lessons were learned here that won't be repeated. The franchise should carry on. Many series suffer sophomore slumps and power on. True Detective will, too. It's just a shame that the cast wasn't given more to work with."
Notes
References
External links
"Omega Station" at HBO
2015 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Nic Pizzolatto
True Detective episodes
Vladan Gjurica (d. April 1465) was an Albanian nobleman and Skanderbeg's main advisor during Skanderbeg's rebellion. He is thought to be from Gjoricë, in modern-day Dibër County from which he got the surname Gjurica/Jurica. He was most likely a member of the Arianiti family. During the Battle of Vaikal he was captured and sent to Constantinople where he was skinned alive.
References
Notes
Sources
Sources
15th-century Albanian people
Medieval Albanian nobility
Albanian military personnel
Year of birth unknown
1465 deaths
People executed by flaying
15th-century executions by the Ottoman Empire
Albanian people executed abroad
People from Bulqizë
The Public Service Union of Namibia (PSUN) is a trade union representing 23,000 public sector workers in Namibia. Originally founded as a multiracial association in March 1981 as the Government Service Staff Association (GSSA) due to restrictions on trade unionism during the period of South African control of Namibia. The union adopted its present name in November 1990.
References
Trade unions in Namibia
Rahul Chandran (born 1976) is the first Executive Director of the Global Alliance for Humanitarian Innovation. GAHI was a major outcome of the World Humanitarian Summit. He was previously a thought leader on United Nations reform, working across the fields of development, conflict and security, widely known for his work on resilience, statebuilding and humanitarian change.
Chandran was the author and managing editor of Humanitarianism in the Network Age, a major report on the future of humanitarian action. The report argued that information was a basic need in crisis response and was described as ground-breaking and a "turning point for the use of mobile and ICT in humanitarian crises and the protection of human rights".
Chandran has also led various efforts on UN reform, including around the Sustainable Development Goals, and the International Review of Civilian Capacity Secretariat, a reform process for the United Nations.
Prior to this, Chandran was the Deputy Director at the Center on International Cooperation(CIC). At CIC, Chandran, along with the Director, Bruce D. Jones, and Richard Gowan, helped to make CIC one of the most influential think-tanks working on conflict and security issues. While at CIC, Chandran ran the Afghanistan Reconstruction Program, working for Barnett Rubin before his appointment as Senior Advisor to Richard Holbrooke.
Chandran was the lead author of From Fragility to Resilience, a policy paper for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that provided new definitions for State-building and resilience. The paper was highly influential in the world of conflict policy. First, it restored the idea that political settlement was essential to social contract stability. Second, it defined building resilience as the goal of international assistance to conflict countries. Third, it renewed the focus on legitimacy. This work has been taken forward in a number of other fora – on political settlements most notably by Alan Whaites and DfiD, as well as the World Bank's 2011 World Development Report, and on legitimacy by the OECD's International Network on Conflict and Fragility.
Chandran was also the lead author of Recovering From War a report commissioned by the UK Government ahead of its 20 May 2008 thematic debate in the United Nations Security Council. Recovering from War defined three primary weaknesses in the international response to conflict:
A strategy gap – observing "no evidence of strategy that encompassed political, security, development and humanitarian tools across bilateral and multi-lateral actors; and no framework for prioritization."
A financing gap – noting that financing "instruments are neither flexible nor dynamic."
A series of capacity gaps – in leadership capacity; in implementation capacity; in sheer availability of civilian resources, and in a lack of training for purpose.
These findings formed the basis of then Prime Minister Gordon Brown's address to the Security Council, and the subsequent debate. They have also launched a series of processes to address these, with considerable success on the capacity gap through the Review of Civilian Capacities; some progress on the financing gap through the OECD/DAC process on financing and aid architecture; and negligible process on the strategy gap.
Chandran has previously worked for the World Bank on participatory monitoring and evaluation issues, and for the UN in Afghanistan, where he wrote a popular Diaries Diaries column for Slate Magazine. Before this, he had a successful private sector career, involved with ESPNCricinfo and Rely Software among others. He was also a paralegal on Pigford v. Glickman one of the largest civil rights actions in US history.
Chandran currently serves on the Expert Advisory Group of the Partnership for Democratic Governance for whom he wrote Statebuilding and Government Consolidation in Situations of Fragility, and the Consortium Advisory Group for DfID's Secure livelihoods research consortium.
Education
Chandran is a graduate of Yale University and the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy.
Select Publications
References
Living people
1976 births
Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 145, in 36 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Teodor Wålemark (born 25 June 2001) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Lindome GIF.
Club career
Early career & BK Häcken
Wålemark spent his first months of life in Cyprus, where his father played professional football for AEL Limassol. They returned to Ljungskile in 2004, where Wålemark began playing football at the age of 5-6 at Ljungskile SK. When he was ten years old, the family moved to Gothenburg and football life continued in Västra Frölunda IF. As a 15-year-old, he was moved up to the A-team and after a half a season in the Swedish fourth division, where he also got his debut, he wanted to try new challenges. After a trial with BK Häcken's U19 team, which at this time was trained by Teddy Olausson, he impressed so much that despite his young age, he was promised a place in the U19 team's starting eleven. Wålemark played more or less all games for the team.
At the end of May 2019 the club confirmed, that Wålemark would be promoted to the first team squad in summer 2019, signing a professional contract until the end of 2021. However, he was never given the chance on the first team, before he left the club at the end of the season.
Ljungskile SK
On 28 November 2019, Ljungskile SK confirmed, that 18-year-old Wålemark had returned to his former childhood club on a deal until the end of 2021. Except for the first game, Wålemark played as a starter in the next 10 games in a row. In the beginning of 2021, Wålemark stated in public, that he wanted to leave the club. He officially left the club a few days later.
Lindome GIF
On 16 February 2021, Wålemark signed with Lindome GIF. He got his debut on 3 April 2021 against FC Trollhättan.
Personal life
Teodor is the son of former Swedish footballer and current coach Jörgen Wålemark. Teodor was born in Cyprus, where his father played at the time. His uncle, Bo Wålemark, is also a football coach, while his cousin, Patrik Wålemark, also is a footballer.
References
External links
Teodor Wålemark at SvFF
Living people
2001 births
Association football defenders
Swedish footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Superettan players
Ykkönen players
Västra Frölunda IF players
BK Häcken players
Ljungskile SK players
Marcelo Rozo (born 6 September 1989) is a Colombian professional golfer who plays on Korn Ferry Tour.
Professional career
Rozo turned professional in 2012. He became a full-time member of PGA Tour Latinoamérica in 2013 and won his first title on the tour at the Visa Open de Argentina on 8 December 2013. Having shot a course record 64 in the second round, Rozo eventually won the tournament by two strokes in a field including two-time major winner Ángel Cabrera.
Rozo earned his second win on PGA Tour Latinoamérica at the TransAmerican Power Products CRV Open at Guadalajara on 23 March 2014, eagling the second playoff hole in a seven-way playoff. This win moved Rozo to a career high of 414th in the Official World Golf Ranking and into the top 500 for the first time in his career. Later he finished second at the Ecuador Open and Colombian Classic, third at the Abierto del Centro, fourth at the Argentine Open, fifth at the Roberto De Vicenzo Invitational Copa NEC, sixth at the Lexus Panama Classic and ninth at the Mexico Open. With US$89,117 in earnings, he ended second at the PGA Tour Latinoamérica Order of Merit.
In 2015, Rozo won the gold medal at the Pan American Games. However, he missed the cut at each of his seven appearances at the Web.com Tour. Therefore he switched to the PGA Tour Latinoamérica mid-season, collecting a 6th finish at the Guatemala Open and a 7th at the Colombian Classic. In 2018, Rozo won the gold medal at the Central American and Caribbean Games.
Professional wins (6)
PGA Tour Latinoamérica wins (3)
PGA Tour Latinoamerica Developmental Series wins (2)
Other wins (1)
Playoff record
Korn Ferry Tour playoff record (0–1)
Team appearances
Amateur
Eisenhower Trophy (representing Colombia): 2010, 2012
References
External links
Colombian male golfers
PGA Tour Latinoamérica golfers
Golfers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in golf
Pan American Games gold medalists for Colombia
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Colombia
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in golf
Competitors at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games
Sportspeople from Bogotá
1989 births
Living people
20th-century Colombian people
21st-century Colombian people
Dimanches à l'Élysée (Sundays at the Élysée) is the fifth live album by Alain Bashung, issued posthumously in November 2009 on Barclay Records. It documents the 2008-2009 tour which followed the album Bleu pétrole.
Production
Dimanches à l'Élysée documents the tour that Alain Bashung did in 2008-2009 while fighting with the cancer that led to his death on 14 March 2009. The album features most of the songs from Bleu pétrole, with around fifteen more songs showcasing his career.
The album was mostly recorded on 14 December 2008 at the Élysée Montmartre in Paris.
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Bobby Jocky - bass guitar
Arnaud Dieterlen - drums
Yan Péchin - guitar
Jeff Assy - cello
2009 live albums
Barclay (record label) live albums
Alain Bashung albums
Mehmood Hayat Khan, also known as Tochi Khan, is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013. He had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 1993 to 1996.
Political career
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate for Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) for Constituency PP-192 (Vehari-I) in 1993 Pakistani general election. He received 27,676 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Sardar Muhammad Khan Khichi.
He ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PPP from Constituency PP-192 (Vehari-I) in 1997 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 18,463 votes and lost the seat to Mian Zahid Nawaz, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N).
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate for PPP for Constituency NA-170 (Vehari-IV) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 87,124 votes and defeated Aurangzaib Khan Khichi, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly as a candidate for PPP for Constituency NA-170 (Vehari-IV) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 19,554 votes and lost the seat to Saeed Ahmed Khan.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 1993–1996
Pakistan People's Party MPAs (Punjab)
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bilinear time–frequency distributions, or quadratic time–frequency distributions, arise in a sub-field of signal analysis and signal processing called time–frequency signal processing, and, in the statistical analysis of time series data. Such methods are used where one needs to deal with a situation where the frequency composition of a signal may be changing over time; this sub-field used to be called time–frequency signal analysis, and is now more often called time–frequency signal processing due to the progress in using these methods to a wide range of signal-processing problems.
Background
Methods for analysing time series, in both signal analysis and time series analysis, have been developed as essentially separate methodologies applicable to, and based in, either the time or the frequency domain. A mixed approach is required in time–frequency analysis techniques which are especially effective in analyzing non-stationary signals, whose frequency distribution and magnitude vary with time. Examples of these are acoustic signals. Classes of "quadratic time-frequency distributions" (or bilinear time–frequency distributions") are used for time–frequency signal analysis. This class is similar in formulation to Cohen's class distribution function that was used in 1966 in the context of quantum mechanics. This distribution function is mathematically similar to a generalized time–frequency representation which utilizes bilinear transformations. Compared with other time–frequency analysis techniques, such as short-time Fourier transform (STFT), the bilinear-transformation (or quadratic time–frequency distributions) may not have higher clarity for most practical signals, but it provides an alternative framework to investigate new definitions and new methods. While it does suffer from an inherent cross-term contamination when analyzing multi-component signals, by using a carefully chosen window function(s), the interference can be significantly mitigated, at the expense of resolution. All these bilinear distributions are inter-convertible to each other, cf. transformation between distributions in time–frequency analysis.
Wigner–Ville distribution
The Wigner–Ville distribution is a quadratic form that measures a local time-frequency energy given by:
The Wigner–Ville distribution remains real as it is the fourier transform of f(u + τ/2)·f*(u − τ/2), which has Hermitian symmetry in τ. It can also be written as a frequency integration by applying the Parseval formula:
Proposition 1. for any f in L2(R)
Moyal Theorem. For f and g in L2(R),
Proposition 2 (time-frequency support). If f has a compact support, then for all ξ the support of along u is equal to the support of f. Similarly, if it has a compact support, then for all u the support of along ξ is equal to the support of .
Proposition 3 (instantaneous frequency). If then
Interference
Let be a composite signal. We can then write,
where
is the cross Wigner–Ville distribution of two signals. The interference term
is a real function that creates non-zero values at unexpected locations (close to the origin) in the plane. Interference terms present in a real signal can be avoided by computing the analytic part .
Positivity and smoothing kernel
The interference terms are oscillatory since the marginal integrals vanish and can be partially removed by smoothing with a kernel θ
The time-frequency resolution of this distribution depends on the spread of kernel θ in the neighborhood of . Since the interferences take negative values, one can guarantee that all interferences are removed by imposing that
The spectrogram and scalogram are examples of positive time-frequency energy distributions. Let a linear transform be defined over a family of time-frequency atoms . For any there exists a unique atom centered in time-frequency at . The resulting time-frequency energy density is
From the Moyal formula,
which is the time frequency averaging of a Wigner–Ville distribution. The smoothing kernel thus can be written as
The loss of time-frequency resolution depends on the spread of the distribution in the neighborhood of .
Example 1
A spectrogram computed with windowed fourier atoms,
For a spectrogram, the Wigner–Ville averaging is therefore a 2-dimensional convolution with . If g is a Gaussian window, is a 2-dimensional Gaussian. This proves that averaging with a sufficiently wide Gaussian defines positive energy density. The general class of time-frequency distributions obtained by convolving with an arbitrary kernel θ is called a Cohen's class, discussed below.
Wigner Theorem. There is no positive quadratic energy distribution Pf that satisfies the following time and frequency marginal integrals:
Mathematical definition
The definition of Cohen's class of bilinear (or quadratic) time–frequency distributions is as follows:
where is the ambiguity function (AF), which will be discussed later; and is Cohen's kernel function, which is often a low-pass function, and normally serves to mask out the interference. In the original Wigner representation, .
An equivalent definition relies on a convolution of the Wigner distribution function (WD) instead of the AF :
where the kernel function is defined in the time-frequency domain instead of the ambiguity one. In the original Wigner representation, . The relationship between the two kernels is the same as the one between the WD and the AF, namely two successive Fourier transforms (cf. diagram).
i.e.
or equivalently
Ambiguity function
The class of bilinear (or quadratic) time–frequency distributions can be most easily understood in terms of the ambiguity function, an explanation of which follows.
Consider the well known power spectral density and the signal auto-correlation function in the case of a stationary process. The relationship between these functions is as follows:
For a non-stationary signal , these relations can be generalized using a time-dependent power spectral density or equivalently the famous Wigner distribution function of as follows:
If the Fourier transform of the auto-correlation function is taken with respect to t instead of τ, we get the ambiguity function as follows:
The relationship between the Wigner distribution function, the auto-correlation function and the ambiguity function can then be illustrated by the following figure.
By comparing the definition of bilinear (or quadratic) time–frequency distributions with that of the Wigner distribution function, it is easily found that the latter is a special case of the former with . Alternatively, bilinear (or quadratic) time–frequency distributions can be regarded as a masked version of the Wigner distribution function if a kernel function is chosen. A properly chosen kernel function can significantly reduce the undesirable cross-term of the Wigner distribution function.
What is the benefit of the additional kernel function? The following figure shows the distribution of the auto-term and the cross-term of a multi-component signal in both the ambiguity and the Wigner distribution function.
For multi-component signals in general, the distribution of its auto-term and cross-term within its Wigner distribution function is generally not predictable, and hence the cross-term cannot be removed easily. However, as shown in the figure, for the ambiguity function, the auto-term of the multi-component signal will inherently tend to close the origin in the ητ-plane, and the cross-term will tend to be away from the origin. With this property, the cross-term in can be filtered out effortlessly if a proper low-pass kernel function is applied in ητ-domain. The following is an example that demonstrates how the cross-term is filtered out.
Kernel properties
The Fourier transform of is
The following proposition gives necessary and sufficient conditions to ensure that satisfies marginal energy properties like those of the Wigner–Ville distribution.
Proposition: The marginal energy properties
are satisfied for all if and only if
Some time-frequency distributions
Wigner distribution function
Aforementioned, the Wigner distribution function is a member of the class of quadratic time-frequency distributions (QTFDs) with the kernel function . The definition of Wigner distribution is as follows:
Modified Wigner distribution functions
Affine invariance
We can design time-frequency energy distributions that satisfy the scaling property
as does the Wigner–Ville distribution. If
then
This is equivalent to imposing that
and hence
The Rihaczek and Choi–Williams distributions are examples of affine invariant Cohen's class distributions.
Choi–Williams distribution function
The kernel of Choi–Williams distribution is defined as follows:
where α is an adjustable parameter.
Rihaczek distribution function
The kernel of Rihaczek distribution is defined as follows:
With this particular kernel a simple calculation proves that
Cone-shape distribution function
The kernel of cone-shape distribution function is defined as follows:
where α is an adjustable parameter. See Transformation between distributions in time-frequency analysis. More such QTFDs and a full list can be found in, e.g., Cohen's text cited.
Spectrum of non-stationary processes
A time-varying spectrum for non-stationary processes is defined from the expected Wigner–Ville distribution. Locally stationary processes appear in many physical systems where random fluctuations are produced by a mechanism that changes slowly in time. Such processes can be approximated locally by a stationary process. Let be a real valued zero-mean process with covariance
The covariance operator K is defined for any deterministic signal by
For locally stationary processes, the eigenvectors of K are well approximated by the Wigner–Ville spectrum.
Wigner–Ville spectrum
The properties of the covariance are studied as a function of and :
The process is wide-sense stationary if the covariance depends only on :
The eigenvectors are the complex exponentials and the corresponding eigenvalues are given by the power spectrum
For non-stationary processes, Martin and Flandrin have introduced a time-varying spectrum
To avoid convergence issues we suppose that X has compact support so that has compact support in . From above we can write
which proves that the time varying spectrum is the expected value of the Wigner–Ville transform of the process X. Here, the Wigner–Ville stochastic integral is interpreted as a mean-square integral:
References
L. Cohen, Time-Frequency Analysis, Prentice-Hall, New York, 1995.
B. Boashash, editor, “Time-Frequency Signal Analysis and Processing – A Comprehensive Reference”, Elsevier Science, Oxford, 2003.
L. Cohen, “Time-Frequency Distributions—A Review,” Proceedings of the IEEE, vol. 77, no. 7, pp. 941–981, 1989.
S. Qian and D. Chen, Joint Time-Frequency Analysis: Methods and Applications, Chap. 5, Prentice Hall, N.J., 1996.
H. Choi and W. J. Williams, “Improved time-frequency representation of multicomponent signals using exponential kernels,” IEEE. Trans. Acoustics, Speech, Signal Processing, vol. 37, no. 6, pp. 862–871, June 1989.
Y. Zhao, L. E. Atlas, and R. J. Marks, “The use of cone-shape kernels for generalized time-frequency representations of nonstationary signals,” IEEE Trans. Acoustics, Speech, Signal Processing, vol. 38, no. 7, pp. 1084–1091, July 1990.
B. Boashash, “Heuristic Formulation of Time-Frequency Distributions”, Chapter 2, pp. 29–58, in B. Boashash, editor, Time-Frequency Signal Analysis and Processing: A Comprehensive Reference, Elsevier Science, Oxford, 2003.
B. Boashash, “Theory of Quadratic TFDs”, Chapter 3, pp. 59–82, in B. Boashash, editor, Time-Frequency Signal Analysis & Processing: A Comprehensive Reference, Elsevier, Oxford, 2003.
Signal processing
Fourier analysis
Digital signal processing
Time–frequency analysis
Martin Gleeson (born 25 August 1994) is a professional Australian rules footballer, who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). His position on the field is half back. He is the nephew of former player Adrian Gleeson.
Early career
Gleeson played for the North Ballarat Rebels in the TAC Cup. He was drafted by with pick 53 in the 2012 national draft and played 13 games in the VFL before injuring his shoulder. Like his uncle Adrian, he played for Koroit as a junior.
AFL career
He made his AFL debut against in round 1 of the 2014 AFL season. He became a regular in the senior side until a serious ankle injury kept him out for the entire 2018 season. He returned to the seniors in 2019 but struggled to kept his spot. Known as a popular clubman he was delisted at the end of the 2021 season.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of 2021
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
| || 35 || 9 || 2 || 4 || 71 || 42 || 113 || 37 || 15 || 0.2 || 0.4 || 7.9 || 4.7 || 12.6 || 4.1 || 1.7
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2015
| || 35 || 22 || 2 || 3 || 152 || 154 || 306 || 84 || 45 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 6.9 || 7.0 || 13.9 || 3.8 || 2.1
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2016
| || 8 || 20 || 0 || 1 || 181 || 172 || 353 || 106 || 35 || 0.0 || 0.1 || 9.1 || 8.6 || 17.7 || 5.3 || 1.8
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
| || 8 || 18 || 1 || 0 || 196 || 100 || 296 || 106 || 32 || 0.1 || 0.0 || 10.9 || 5.6 || 16.4 || 5.9 || 1.8
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2018
| || 8 || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || - || -
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
| || 8 || 9 || 0 || 1 || 92 || 57 || 149 || 40 || 10 || 0.0 || 0.1 || 10.2 || 6.3 || 16.6 || 4.4 || 1.1
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2020
| || 8 || 13 || 0 || 0 || 75 || 65 || 140 || 40 || 17 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 5.8 || 5.0 || 10.8 || 3.1 || 1.3
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2021
| || 8 || 6 || 0 || 0 || 33 || 27 || 60 || 21 || 11 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 5.5 || 4.5 || 10.0 || 3.5 || 1.8
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 97
! 5
! 9
! 800
! 527
! 1327
! 434
! 165
! 0.1
! 0.1
! 8.4
! 6.5
! 14.9
! 4.5
! 1.7
|}
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Essendon Football Club players
Greater Western Victoria Rebels players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
People educated at St Patrick's College, Ballarat
The Buhl Building is a historic commercial building in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. Built in 1913 in the Italianate style, the building is faced with multi-colored terra cotta tiles.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 3, 1980. As well, it is listed as a landmark by the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Office buildings in Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks
Italianate architecture in Pennsylvania
Commercial buildings completed in 1913
Headquarters in the United States
1913 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Pittsburgh
Mana Telangana is a registered Telugu language newspaper in the Indian State of Telangana.
It is published simultaneously from Nizamabad, Karimnagar, Warangal, Khammam, Nalgonda, Hyderabad and Mahbubnagar.
The paper is also available in epaper format.
See also
List of newspapers in India
List of newspapers in India by circulation
List of newspapers in the world by circulation
References
External links
Daily newspapers published in India
Telugu-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Hyderabad
Publications established in 2015
2015 establishments in Telangana
Kukenthalia is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
The only species in the genus Kukenthalia is Kukenthalia borealis (Gottschaldt, 1894).
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Monotypic tunicate genera
Kenny More (born ) is a Scottish curler and curling coach.
As a coach of British wheelchair curling team he participated in 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Kenny More - Performance - SportScotland (web archive)
Team GB's curling team adds new tech-dimension to sports analysis | Axis Communications
Living people
1966 births
Scottish male curlers
Scottish curling champions
Scottish curling coaches
Karl Feller (1 December 1898 – 1991) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1918.
References
External links
1898 births
1991 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Das Kapital is a foundational theoretical text in materialist philosophy, economics and politics written by Karl Marx.
Das Kapital may also refer to:
DAAS Kapital (1991–1992), an Australian comedy television series starring the Doug Anthony All Stars
Das Capital (album) (2003), an album by Luke Haines
Das Kapital (album) (2010), an album by Capital Inicial
Hypacostemma is a genus of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. It is the only genus in the tribe Hypacostemmini. Hypacostemma contains at least 5 described species distributed throughout Southern Africa. Hypacostemma are usually large greenish leafhoppers with a length between 7-10 mm.
Species
There are currently 5 described species in Hypacostemma:
Hypacostemma brevis
Hypacostemma devia
Hypacostemma falcata
Hypacostemma uniformis
Hypacostemma viridissima
References
Deltocephalinae
Fauna of Southern Africa
Abhanpur is a tehsil (administrative division) in Raipur district, Chhattisgarh, India. It is a part of the Naya Raipur township.
Geography
Abhanpur is located about 28 km southeast of Raipur. Abhanpur Tehsil (or administrative block) has 105 villages and 2 Nagar Panchayats.
Transport
National Highway 43 passes through Abhanpur. The nearest airport is Raipur Airport and the nearest railway station is Raipur Junction. A mini-train runs from Abhanpur towards Rajim.
Economy
The primary activity is agriculture. The planned Naya Raipur market is expected to be located in Abhanpur.
Demographics
Chhattisgarhi is the most spoken language.
Things to Do in Abhanpur
Nandan Van Zoo & Safari.
Purkhouti Muktangan.
Naya Raipur Central Park.
Shri Rajiv Lochan Mandir.
Urja Park.
Woodkart Handicrafts Pvt. Ltd.
References
External links
About Abhanpur
Cities and towns in Raipur district
Tehsils of Chhattisgarh
Wyoming was admitted to the Union on July 10, 1890, and elects United States senators to Class 1 and Class 2. Its current U.S. senators are Republicans John Barrasso (serving since 2007) and Cynthia Lummis (serving since 2021). 21 people have served as a United States senator from Wyoming.
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | July 10, 1890 –November 18, 1890
| After joining the Union, Wyoming did not elect its senators for four months.
| rowspan=3 | 1
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=5 | 1
| After joining the Union, Wyoming did not elect its senators for four months.
| nowrap | July 10, 1890 – November 15, 1890
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 align=left | Francis E. Warren
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | November 18, 1890 –March 3, 1893
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1890.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1890.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | November 15, 1890 –March 3, 1895
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 align=right | Joseph M. Carey
! rowspan=4 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 4, 1893 –January 23, 1895
|
| rowspan=4 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 2
| rowspan=12 align=left | Clarence D. Clark
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 23, 1895 –March 3, 1917
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish vacant term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1895.
| rowspan=18 nowrap | March 4, 1895 –November 24, 1929
| rowspan=18 | Republican
| rowspan=18 align=right | Francis E. Warren
! rowspan=18 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1899.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 22, 1901.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 25, 1905.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 22, 1907.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 24, 1911.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 28, 1913.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=13 | 3
| rowspan=13 align=left | John B. Kendrick
| rowspan=13 | Democratic
| rowspan=13 nowrap | March 4, 1917 –November 3, 1933
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1916.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1918.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1922.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=7 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1924.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=7 | Re-elected in 1928.Died.
| rowspan=9 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | November 24, 1929 –December 5, 1929
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Warren's term.Retired when successor elected.
| nowrap | December 5, 1929 –November 20, 1930
| | Republican
| align=right | Patrick J. Sullivan
! 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | November 20, 1930 –December 1, 1930
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected to finish Warren's term.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | December 1, 1930 –January 3, 1937
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Robert D. Carey
! rowspan=6 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 8
| rowspan=5 | Elected to full term in 1930.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | November 3, 1933 –December 18, 1933
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=10 | 4
| rowspan=10 align=left | Joseph C. O'Mahoney
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 nowrap | December 18, 1933 –January 3, 1953
| Appointed to continue Kendrick's term.Elected November 6, 1934 to finish Kendrick's term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1934.
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1936.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1937 –January 3, 1943
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Harry Schwartz
! rowspan=3 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1940.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1942.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1943 –January 3, 1949
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Edward V. Robertson
! rowspan=3 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1946.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1948.Died.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1949 –June 19, 1954
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Lester C. Hunt
! rowspan=3 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 5
| rowspan=6 align=left | Frank A. Barrett
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1953 –January 3, 1959
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 1952.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=6 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | June 19, 1954 –June 24, 1954
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Hunt's term.Retired when successor elected.
| nowrap | June 24, 1954 –November 28, 1954
| | Republican
| align=right | Edward D. Crippa
! 8
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected November 8, 1954 to finish Hunt's term.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | November 29, 1954 –January 3, 1961
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 align=right | Joseph C. O'Mahoney
! rowspan=4 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Elected to full term in 1954.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=10 | 6
| rowspan=10 align=left | Gale W. McGee
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 nowrap | January 3, 1959 –January 3, 1977
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1958.
| rowspan=4 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 13
| Keith Thompson (R) was elected in 1960, but died before the Congress began.Acting as governor, Hickey appointed himself to begin Thomson's term.Lost election to finish Thomson's term.
| nowrap | January 3, 1961 –November 6, 1962
| | Democratic
| align=right | John J. Hickey
! 10
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish Thomson's term.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | November 7, 1962 –January 3, 1967
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Milward Simpson
! rowspan=3 | 11
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1966.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1967 –December 31, 1978
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Clifford Hansen
! rowspan=6 | 12
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1970.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1972.Retired and resigned early to give successor preferential seniority.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=10 | 7
| rowspan=10 align=left | Malcolm Wallop
| rowspan=10 | Republican
| rowspan=10 nowrap | January 3, 1977 –January 3, 1995
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1976.
| rowspan=4 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish Hansen's term, having already been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=10 nowrap | January 1, 1979 –January 3, 1997
| rowspan=10 | Republican
| rowspan=10 align=right | Alan Simpson
! rowspan=10 | 13
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1978.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1982.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1988.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1990.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=7 | 8
| rowspan=7 align=left | Craig Thomas
| rowspan=7 | Republican
| rowspan=7 nowrap | January 3, 1995 –June 4, 2007
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1994.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1996.
| rowspan=14 nowrap | January 3, 1997 –January 3, 2021
| rowspan=14 | Republican
| rowspan=14 align=right | Mike Enzi
! rowspan=14 | 14
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2000.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 20
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 2002.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 2006.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | June 4, 2007 –June 22, 2007
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 9
| rowspan=9 align=left | John Barrasso
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | June 22, 2007 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Thomas's term.Elected November 4, 2008 to finish Thomas's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2008.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2012.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2014.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2018.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2020.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2021 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Cynthia Lummis
! rowspan=3 | 15
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| rowspan=2|24
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| 24
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election.
Living former senators
, there is one living former U.S. senator from Wyoming. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Mike Enzi (served 1997–2021) on July 26, 2021.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Excludes incumbent Lummis
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
List of United States representatives from Wyoming
United States congressional delegations from Wyoming
References
External links
Wyoming Senators, Representatives on GovTrack.us
Senators of the 115th Congress, U.S. Senate
Wyoming
United States Senators
The Route nationale 25 is a motorway in northern France. It connects the towns of Amiens and Arras and is approximately 68 km long.
Route
Until recently, the road used to begin at a junction with the N1 in the centre of Amiens at the Esplanade Édouard Branly. The road followed Rue du Marechal de Lattre de Tassigny to the north. The new road now starts at a junction with the A29 autoroute and forms the north east section of the town's by-pass. The routes re-converge at junction 38 with the RN 25 heading north and the by-pass becoming the RN 1.
The road passes Villers-Bocage passing through open countryside. After Beauval the road drops into the Authie valley and the town of Doullens. The road turns east thereafter and passes several British War Cemeteries. The road passes Beaumetz-lès-Loges before reaching the outskirts of Arras.
The new road becomes the towns north west by-pass ending at a junction with the RN 17. The old road is now numbered the RD 265 and named Route de Doullens into the town centre.
Before, until the seventies, the RN 25 was linking Le Havre and Lille passing by Fécamp, Saint-Valery-en-Caux, Dieppe, Eu, Abbeville, Doullens, Arras, Carvin and Seclin. It has been renamed RD 925 except between Doullens and Arras (where it's still RN 25), Arras and Carvin (where it's RD 917) and Seclin and Lille (where it's RD 549).
025
The green-and-black fruiteater (Pipreola riefferii) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela, where its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Because of its range and population size this species is not classified as threatened.
Description
The green-and-black fruiteater is a plump, stocky bird with a length of about . The adult male has a black head, throat and chest glossed with green and mid-green upper parts, with pale tips to the tertial feathers of the wings. There is a yellow rim to the dark chest and the underparts are otherwise yellowish, usually mottled or streaked with green. The female is similar to the male apart from the replacement of the black areas by green, and the absence of the yellow necklace. In both sexes, the iris of the eye is reddish-brown, and the legs and bill are orangish-red. The song is a high-pitched "ts-s-s-s-s-s-s" lasting for a few seconds, slowing and sometimes fading as it winds down.
Distribution and habitat
P. riefferii is native to the lower and mid-level mountain forests on the eastern side of the Andes in South America. Its range extends from southern Venezuela to northern Peru and its altitudinal range is between above sea level. This species is more often seen in small flocks than some other fruiteaters.
Status
Though somewhat uncommon, the green-and-black fruiteater has a very wide range. The population size has not been quantified but seems stable and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the conservation status of the bird as being of "least concern".
References
green-and-black fruiteater
Birds of the Northern Andes
green-and-black fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Joaquin Botellas, known to the State of California in 1853 as Joaquin Botellier, one of the Five Joaquins, was a Sonoran born near Real de los Álamos that came to Alta California before the California Gold Rush. He was a brother to Refugio Botellas the first mail carrier in Alta California.
Joaquin Botellas mined with Joaquin Murrieta, in Murphy's New Diggins and took up Murrieta's cause against the mob that lynched Murrieta's elder stepbrother Jesus Carrillo Murrieta and whipped Joaquin on the false accusation of the theft of a mule. He became an active member of the Five Joaquins Gang riding with Joaquin Murrieta's own band.
In April 1853 Joaquin Botellas' name, appearing as Joaquin Botellier, was included in the list of the five Joaquins in the bill of the California legislature authorizing the California Rangers to hunt them down. Joaquin Botellas became fearful for his safety, and was in Monterey winding up his affairs before moving back to Sonora, when the battle of the Cantua occurred. Nothing further is known about him; presumably he returned to Sonora.
References
Five Joaquins Gang
People in 19th-century California
Quinolizinium refers to the heterocyclic cation with the formula . The cation is isoelectronic and nearly isostructural with naphthalene, the difference being the replacement of one of the two carbons at the fusion positions with N+. The parent quinolizine has not been isolated but salts of these aromatic quinolizinium compounds are well known. Several syntheses begin with 2-substituted pyridines and involve N-alkylation and various dehydrogenation reactions. The quinolizinium core is represented in the berberine family of natural products. It is formally derived from the elusive quinolizines by hydrde abstraction. According to X-ray crystallography of the hexafluorophosphate salt, which is colorless, is planar.
Reactions
Being a cation, quinolinizium resists electrophilic attack, although it can be brominated. Catalytic hydrogenation gives quinolizidine.
References
Pyridinium compounds
Nasirabad (, also Romanized as Naşīrābād and Nasīr Ābād; also known as Naşrābād and Naşrābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 195, in 49 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Nibanga Temau is the easternmost island of the Reef Islands located in Temotu Province of the independent nation of the Solomon Islands. Nibanga Temau has a length of 3.4 kilometres. The nearest large island is Lomlom.
References
Islands of the Solomon Islands
Polynesian outliers
Johnathan Michael Wood (born 9 September 1948) is an English former professional footballer. He made 7 appearances in the football league for Wrexham in the 1960s. He also played for Rhyl.
References
1948 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Rhyl F.C. players
Horace Norman Vincent Tonks (29 January 1891 – 25 November 1959) was an Anglican colonial bishop in the Windward Islands from 1936 until 1949.
He was born in Walsall, England, on 29 January 1891 to Henry and Emily Tonks and educated at the town's Queen Mary's Grammar School and Lichfield Theological College. Ordained in 1918 after a curacy in Fenton, he was priest in charge of Holy Cross, Airedale, then from 1926 to 1935 the vicar of Saint Sampson with Holy Trinity in York. After that he was Archdeacon of Grenada for a brief period in 1935 and 1936 before his appointment to the episcopate in the Windward Islands. On his return to England, he was Rector of Leybourne in Kent from 1949 to 1956. He died on 25 November 1959.
Family
In 1921, he married Alice Underwood. They had 3 sons and 2 daughters together.
References
External links
Horace Norman Vincent Tonks papers, 1923-1956 at Pitts Theology Library, Candler School of Theology
1891 births
People from Walsall
Archdeacons of Grenada
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Deans of St George's Cathedral, Kingstown
Anglican bishops of the Windward Islands
1959 deaths
People educated at Queen Mary's Grammar School
Alumni of Lichfield Theological College
Martha Nix Wade (born September 26, 1967) is an American actress, best known for her roles as Janice Horton on the NBC daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives and Serena Burton on the CBS drama The Waltons.
Personal life
Wade began acting at an early age. At age 7, she landed the role of Janice Horton on the NBC daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives. While experiencing success as a child actress, Wade was being sexually molested by a neighbor. She details how she overcame the abuse in her 2011 autobiography, My Secret Life: A Truthful Look at a Child Actor's Victory Over Sexual Abuse. She and her husband, Gary, are the parents of 2 children. On January 15, 2021, Martha and Gary's son, Ryder, was tragically killed in a motorcycle accident as he was leaving water polo practice at Concordia University of Irvine. The family has established the Ryder Wade Foundation to distribute income for charitable purposes.
A Quarter Blue
In 2007, Wade created the not-for-profit organization A Quarter Blue, with the goals of stopping childhood sexual abuse through education and empowering survivors to begin the process of healing. Based in Orange, California, A Quarter Blue offers resources and training opportunities.
Filmography
Days of Our Lives (1976–1979)
The Waltons (1979–1980)
Little House on the Prairie (1979–1981)
Aloha Paradise (1981)
Archie Bunker's Place (1981–1982)
Silver Spoons (1983)
It's Your Move (1984)
Safe At Home (1986)
References
External links
aquarterblue.org
American television actresses
Living people
1967 births
21st-century American women
"Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples" is the fifth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Community, and the 30th episode of the series overall. It aired in the United States on NBC on October 21, 2010. The episode's plot surrounds a religious film created by Greendale Community College student Abed Nadir (Danny Pudi).
Plot
The episode begins with Ian Duncan incompetently pretending to teach anthropology by showing viral videos from YouTube. The students are excited by the crude videos, until Shirley (Yvette Nicole Brown) brings the class down by asking what videos can be found by searching for "God." Later, Shirley asks Abed to make a viral video promoting a Christian message, but he's not interested. Meanwhile, Pierce (Chevy Chase) grows tired of being mocked by his younger friends, and starts hanging out with a group of elderly scofflaws called the "Hipsters," named for the fact that they've all had hip replacements.
Abed finds Shirley in the library, and tells her he's read the entire New Testament at her earlier suggestion. Abed is drawn to the story and the character of Jesus, but he wants to approach it in a new way and envisions a "Jesus movie for the post-post-modern world". Unfortunately for Shirley, Abed's idea is an impenetrable story about a filmmaker exploring Jesus, involving the filmmaker realizing that he is in some way Jesus and the camera is God, starring Abed and called ABED. Shirley is not impressed, and she disassociates herself from the project.
The Hipsters are betting on poker while drinking liquor; Leonard advises Pierce to pretend that they're playing bingo if they're caught. Dean Pelton (Jim Rash) walks in and Pierce convinces him to allow the game to continue by pretending to be befuddled due to age. Pierce's ruse earns him the respect of his peers, presenting a contrast to how the study group views him.
Shirley continues in her mission, convincing Troy and reluctant atheist Britta to help with her Jesus rap video. They are interrupted by Abed, who has convinced the student body that they are part of something important. Out on the lawn the students are all gathered around Abed as he continues filming his epic. Enraptured Greendale students discussing the film and flock too Abed to ask questions about his work. When Shirley protests, the other students accuse her of being a Pharisee, and she runs off.
Troy alerts the rest of the study group to Pierce's late-night shenanigans with the Hipsters. Pierce and Leonard are drinking out of paper bags when Dean Pelton emerges from his Prius with Shirley—leaving his keys behind. Pierce is talked into a drunken joyride in the dean's car with the other Hipsters. The Hipsters crash at extremely low speed into a light pole due to one of their members' sudden genuine confusion. Pierce stays with his fellow, as the other Hipsters run off. In the cafeteria, the dean explains that Shirley has filed an official complaint on the grounds of separation of church and state but is convinced by Abed that his film is not about Jesus, as it is allegorical.
Abed realizes in post-production that his film is a "self-indulgent, adolescent mess" which will ensure that he never has a real career. He prays to God to save him from himself which Shirley overhears. She destroys the equipment with a baseball bat, ensuring that Abed's film will never be seen.
Jeff, after being called by the administration, reluctantly comes to collect Pierce and learns that Leonard only acts this way because his kids abandoned him. In anthropology class again, Abed convinces the professor to show the film Shirley had imagined, which he had unbeknownst to her completed - a video of Troy rapping about Jesus.
Cultural references
Director and screenwriter Charlie Kaufman is mentioned more than once in the episode. The dialogue between Abed and Shirley about film within a film resembles Kaufman's film Synecdoche, New York.
Troy's rap video at the end of the episode is a clear nod towards the song "Jesus Walks" by Kanye West as well as perhaps to Donald Glover's burgeoning career as his rap persona Childish Gambino.
Reception
Around 4.46 million Americans watched "Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples".
Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club rated the episode A, citing the fact that the show's structure creates believable opportunities for people with different beliefs to interact and engage with one another. She also focuses approvingly on the fact that Shirley and Pierce, unlikely comedic heroes, are given the reins in this particular episode.
References
External links
"Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples" at NBC.com
Community (season 2) episodes
2010 American television episodes
Television episodes about religion
Television episodes about filmmaking
Colonel Sir Archibald Christie, KCH of Riddry, formerly of Stenton, (1774–1847) was an army officer. He was the son of James Christie, an officer in the Royal Dragoons, and Lucy, daughter of John Beardsley of Glascott, Warwickshire.
Archibald Christie served in many important military engagements in Flanders and Holland, where he was wounded. In reward for his service, he was appointed a Knight of the Royal Guelphic Order (also known as the Hanoverian Guelphic Order). He was appointed as a Commandant-General of army hospitals in 1811 and as a Colonel of the 1st Royal Veteran Battalion in 1819.
He was commandant at Chatham for twenty years and was subsequently appointed Deputy Governor of Stirling Castle.
Christie married Jane (d. 1843) in Co. Limerick. She was the only child of George Dwyer, Esquire, son of John Dwyer, Esquire of Singland.
He died at Stirling Castle in August, 1847, and his remains were interred in Logie churchyard.
References
1774 births
1847 deaths
British Army officers
Black Watch officers
Knights Bachelor
British Army personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
Camille Fischbach (20 April 1932 – 19 March 2020) was a French footballer. He played goalkeeper.
Biography
Fischbach played for 1. FC Saarbrücken from 1952 to 1956, who played in the Oberliga Südwest. After a year off from playing following a spinal injury, he joined US Forbach in 1957. He then played for Olympique de Marseille and FC Metz before retiring in 1960.
Fischbach played 17 matches in Ligue 1 and 64 matches in Ligue 2.
References
1932 births
2020 deaths
French footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Moselle (department)
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Olympique de Marseille players
FC Metz players
Footballers from Grand Est
French expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
French expatriate footballers
"A Buncha Girls" is a song co-written recorded by American country music artist Frankie Ballard. It was released in February 2011 as the second single from his debut album Frankie Ballard. Ballard wrote the song with Rhett Akins, Dallas Davidson, and Ben Hayslip, who comprise The Peach Pickers.
Critical reception
Amy Sciarretto of Taste of Country gave the song a favorable review, writing that Ballard "espouses the virtues of carefree girls in his rawk ‘n' roll-meets-country drawl." Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song four stars out of five, saying that "what we have here been a delightful radio-ready song that will have the guys noddin' their heads to the song while the girls shimmy and shake and sing-a-long."
Music video
The music video was directed by Jim Wright and premiered in May 2011.
Chart performance
"A Buncha Girls" debuted at number 59 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of March 5, 2011.
Year-end charts
References
2011 singles
2011 songs
Frankie Ballard songs
Reprise Records singles
Song recordings produced by Michael Knox (record producer)
Songs written by The Peach Pickers
Den Haan Rotterdam B.V. is a company that makes navigation lights, searchlights, floodlights and ship's horns for the shipping industry. It has a history in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. It was established August 7, 1922, by Marinus den Haan as a tinsmith workshop. The company also manufactures decorative nautical oil and electric lamps.
The company imports intermediates and exports products, adopting the logo "DHR" internationally.
Research and development
The part of the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute that approved and certified the nautical lights, compasses and instruments in Rotterdam closed in 1988. This meant that all the lanterns had to be tested in house and certificates provided. For this purpose a room furnished with the necessary equipment, as directed by the government, was purchased.
After 1.5 years of research, the "Burtone" horn was brought to market. A TNO test report confirmed that the horns even meet German standards. The entire range ZEEKRO-search lights was tested and the entire structure was renovated to meet CE regulations.
In 2009, the noise test area was restructured due to increased air horns complaints from the immediate vicinity. In 2010, new products included a signal lamp with LED, and a new motor housing for searchlights. In 2012 development began for an inland navigation lantern with LED technology.
Acquisitions
1979—the last Dutch competitor P.J. van den Bosch
1992—part of German company Brökelmann (BJB)
1993—the production of the “BURTONE”-ship's horns
1999—ZEEKRO, manufacturer of marine searchlights for inland vessels for more than 50 years
Locations
Started at Zalmhaven in Rotterdam, with a workshop of 65 m²
On 14 May 1940 house and the company was hit by the bombing of Rotterdam. Both buildings were destroyed. The company moved to Westzeedijk in Rotterdam for the war's duration.
In the early 1950s it moved to the Hoornbrekerstraat, a building of 450 m² and expanded there.
In 1962, a new factory building was built on the Wijnhaven with a total floor area of 3,150 m²
In 1983, an adjoining plot of 1,000 m² became the site of the press, tooling shop and the shipping department.
The current business had to be diverted to Capelle aan den IJssel and from January 2008 could be moved into a new facility of 5,000 m² of production, warehouse and office facilities .
External links
Manufacturing companies of the Netherlands
Capelle aan den IJssel
History of Rotterdam
Douglas County (county code DG) is located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 118,785, making it the fifth-most populous county in Kansas. Its county seat and most populous city is Lawrence.
History
Early history
For millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France via the Third Treaty of San Ildefonso, although the former country kept title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
19th century
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1855, Douglas County was established. Douglas County was opened for settlement on May 15, 1854, and was named for Stephen A. Douglas, a senator from Illinois. The county was practically at the center of the Bleeding Kansas years as leaders in Lecompton (the territorial capital) wanted Kansas to be a slave state, whereas leaders in Lawrence wanted Kansas to be a free state. The pro- and anti-slavery settlers held great animosity towards one another, leading to many events, such as the drafting of the Lecompton Constitution (which would have admitted Kansas into the Union as a slave state), the Wakarusa War (1855), the Sack of Lawrence (1856), Battle of Black Jack (1856), and the Lawrence Massacre (1863).
The first railroad in Douglas County, the Kansas Pacific, was built through that territory in 1864.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.0%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Kansas by land area. Much of its northern boundary is defined by the Kansas River, which flows through Lawrence and provides hydropower at the Bowersock Dam.
Lakes
Clinton Lake
Lone Star Lake
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County (north)
Leavenworth County (northeast)
Johnson County (east)
Miami County (southeast)
Franklin County (south)
Osage County (southwest)
Shawnee County (northwest)
Demographics
Douglas County comprises the Lawrence, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.
As of the 2000 census, there were 99,962 people, 38,486 households, and 21,167 families residing in the county. The population density was 219 people per square mile (84/km2). There were 40,250 housing units at an average density of 88 per square mile (34/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 86.1% White, 4.2% Black or African American, 2.6% Native American, 3.1% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.2% from other races, and 2.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the population.
There were 38,486 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.0% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 26.4% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females there were 98.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,547, and the median income for a family was $53,991. Males had a median income of $35,577 versus $27,225 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,952. About 6.2% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.
Government
County
In recent years, since the 1990s, the Democratic Party has been dominant in Douglas County. Democrats control all County-wide offices in the county. Douglas County is currently served by county commissioners Patrick Kelly, Shannon Reid, and Shannon Portillo, all are Democrats. According to the Kansas Secretary of State's office, as of July 2021, there were 35,146 registered Democrats, 22,324 registered Republicans, 900 registered Libertarians, and 21,474 Independents in the county.
State
Democratic state representatives representing portions of the county include Eileen Horn (10th District), Barbara Ballard (44th District), Mike Amyx (45th District), and Dennis Highberger (46th District); Republican state representatives include Jim Karleskint (42nd District), and Ken Corbet (54th District). The three state senators representing the county, Marci Francisco (2nd District), Tom Holland (3rd District), and Anthony Hensley (19th District), are all Democrats.
Presidential elections
Douglas County has a political history more typical of Vermont and Maine than of the Great Plains. This is due to the county's strong New England roots. It voted for the Republican candidate in every Presidential election between 1864 and 1960, except in 1912 when the GOP was mortally divided and the county supported Progressive Theodore Roosevelt. Roosevelt would later rejoin the GOP. The county reverted to form and gave Republican presidential nominees over 60 percent of the vote in every election between 1920 and 1960 (except 1932 when Herbert Hoover received 58.7 percent). As a measure of how deeply the county's Republican roots ran, even when Kansas was swept up in Franklin D. Roosevelt's landslide victories of 1932 and 1936, Republican candidates carried the county easily.
This tradition was broken in 1964, when the conservative sentiment and Western origins of Barry Goldwater drove the county into Lyndon B. Johnson's hands, making Johnson the first Democrat ever to carry the county. Even then, however, Goldwater managed 45 percent of the county's vote. With more moderate GOP candidates, the GOP carried the county in every election between 1968 and 1988. However, the growing transformation of Lawrence into a liberal academic center has pulled the county into the Democratic column in every election since 1992. This was typical of many counties around the country dominated by college towns. In 2004, John Kerry became only the second Democrat to win a majority of the county's vote. Since then, Douglas County has been one of the most Democratic counties in Kansas. In 2016, for instance, Donald Trump turned in the worst showing on record for a Republican in the county without the presence of a credible third-party challenger on the ballot. In most elections, only Wyandotte County is more Democratic. In the 2018 governor's race, however, Douglas County was Democratic nominee Laura Kelly's strongest county.
Since the 1990s, Douglas and Wyandotte have frequently been the only two counties in the state to vote for Democratic presidential candidates although that has changed as of 2020.
Laws
The county overwhelmingly voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 81% to 19%, outpacing its support of Joe Biden during the 2020 presidential election.
Law enforcement
The Douglas County Sheriff's office has two divisions, Corrections, which operates a 185-bed jail, and Operations. The Operations Division includes a dive team, a patrol, and a warrants unit. The department works with other local police agencies at the University of Kansas, Lawrence, Eudora, and Baldwin City. the sheriff is Jay T. Armbrister.
Education
Unified school districts
Douglas County is served by seven school districts.
Lawrence USD 497 serves Lawrence, the Clinton Lake area, and parts of rural Douglas County that surround Lawrence.
Baldwin City USD 348 serves Baldwin City and most southern Douglas County.
Perry-Lecompton USD 343 serves Lecompton and most northwest Douglas County.
Eudora USD 491 serves Eudora and the northeast part of the county.
Santa Fe Trail USD 434 An Osage County school that covers the far southwest part of the county.
Wellsville USD 289 covers extreme southeast Douglas County.
Shawnee Heights USD 450 services the extreme western part of the county including Big Springs.
Universities and colleges
The University of Kansas's main campus is located in Lawrence, as is Haskell Indian Nations University. Baker University, the state's oldest university, is located in Baldwin City.
Parks
Clinton Lake, completed in 1980, offers boating, fishing and other water sports and various parks surrounding the lake provides camping and trails for mountain biking, hiking and horseback riding.
Lone Star Lake is a small country lake to the southwest of Lawrence offers fishing, boating and camping. Just northeast of Baldwin City is Douglas State Fishing Lake which provides hunting, fishing and limited camping. Other parks around the county include Black Jack Park which includes the Ivan Boyd Prairie Preserve and Robert Hall Pearson Memorial Park, Broken Arrow Park in Lawrence and Wells Overlook Park just south of Lawrence.
Events
Major events in the county include the Maple Leaf Festival in Baldwin City every third full weekend in October. Lecompton's Territorial Days take place every year in June and Lawrence has many parades throughout the year including Christmas and St. Patrick's Day.
Transportation
Major highways
, runs east to west just north of Lawrence.
runs north to south through the middle of the county and the middle of Lawrence.
virtually follows the Oregon Trail heading west out of Lawrence.
runs east to west in the southern half of the county, going through Baldwin City and skirts the Santa Fe Trail.
runs from the I-70 Lecompton Exchange along the south and west border of Lawrence to US-59 then north until 23rd Street where it heads east out of town into Johnson County.
Other major highways include:
which is in Grant township leading from Leavenworth to Jefferson County.
starts just outside Lawrence and leads into Leavenworth County.
is in extreme southeast Douglas County and leads into Franklin County.
County Highways
Douglas County also maintains an extensive network of county highways to serve the rural areas of the county. None of these county highways is in the Lawrence city limits.
Communities
Incorporated cities
Baldwin City
Eudora
Lawrence
Lecompton
Unincorporated communities
Big Springs
Black Jack
Clearfield
Clinton
Globe
Grover
Hesper
Kanwaka
Lake View
Lone Star
Midland
Pleasant Grove
Sibleyville
Stull
Vinland
Worden
Townships
Douglas County is divided into nine townships. The city of Lawrence is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) of significant size included in that township's population total.
Historic townships
The county originally had only four townships. Lecompton comprised the area of Lecompton, Kanwaka, and Clinton townships; Washington took the place of Marion and Willow Springs townships; Wakarusa comprised both Wakarusa and Eudora townships; and Calhoun was the original name of Palmyra township. Grant township was annexed from Jefferson County in 1874.
Notable people
Isaac F. Hughes, Douglas County commissioner and City Council member in both Lawrence, Kansas, and Los Angeles, California.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Douglas County, Kansas
Kansas River - Natural crossing point for westward wagon trains on the Oregon Trail
California Road - Cutoff on the Oregon Trail to Lawrence, Kansas from Westport
Santa Fe Trail Swales - Visible near Black Jack Park
Geographic Information System Viewers
References
Further reading
Nowak, David. J. Assessing Urban Forest Effects and Values, Douglas County, Kansas. Newtown Square, PA: United States Forest Service, Northern Research Station, 2014.
Armitage, Katie H., “‘Seeking a Home Where He Himself Is Free': African Americans Build a Community in Douglas County, Kansas,” Kansas History, 31 (Autumn 2008), 154–75
Standard Atlas of Douglas County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 53 pages; 1921.
Plat Book and Complete Survey of Douglas County, Kansas; Kenyon Co; 44 pages; 1909.
Standard Atlas of Douglas County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 43 pages; 1902.
Standard Atlas of Douglas County, Kansas; F.W. Beers & Co; 25 pages; 1873.
External links
County
Douglas County - Directory of Public Officials
Douglas County - Law Library
Other
Aerial Photography from Multiple Decades
Daily World, Google News archive. —PDFs for 1,062 issues, dating from 1892 through 1895.
Daily Record, Google News archive. —PDFs for 998 issues, dating from 1889 through 1893.
Maps
Douglas County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas highway maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
States and territories established in 1855
This is a list of navigable canals that are at least partially located in Poland.
Augustów Canal
Bachorze Canal first mention 1297
Bydgoszcz Canal
Bystry Canal
Danube–Oder Canal
Elbląg Canal
Finow Canal
Gliwice Canal
Jagiellon's Canal near Elbląg, built in 1494
Kłodnica Canal
Łączański Canal near Cracow
Masurian Canal
Młynówka Malborska or Jurand's Canal, built in 1320
Mosiński Canal
Notecki Canal
Piast Canal
Przekop
Szlak Batorego
Ślesiński Canal
Żerański Canal
Wołczkowski Canal
See also
Transport in Poland
List of rivers of Poland
Map of canals of Poland on the website of the Polish National Water Management Authority
Poland
Canals
Canals
Canals
Glyphipterix bicornis is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in India (Assam).
References
Moths described in 1909
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Asia
Mehdiabad (, also Romanized as Mehdīābād; also known as Kaleh Jār and Kareh Chār) is a village in Jushaq Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 134, in 68 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Ayangudi is an Indian village located in Kattumannarkoil taluk in the Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu, India. It is located to the south of the district headquarters Cuddalore, from Kattumannarkoil and 255 km from State capital Chennai
Average Sex Ratio of Ayangudi village is 1087 which is higher than Tamil Nadu state average of 2500. Child Sex Ratio for the Ayangudi as per census is 4000, higher than Tamil Nadu average of 4500.
Ayangudi village has higher literacy rate compared to Tamil Nadu. In 2018, literacy rate of Ayangudi village was 83.99% compared to 80.09% of Tamil Nadu. In Ayangudi Male literacy stands at 89.23% while female literacy rate was 79.23%.
As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Ayangudi village is administrated by Sarpanch (Head of Village) who is elected representative of village.
Education institutions
Muslim High School - Ayangudi
Al-Ameen Nursery & Primary School - Ayangudi
Government Elementary School - Ayangudi & Melappakathurai
Bank
Indian Bank
Indian bank ATM
One india ATM
Health
Ayangudi Government Primary Health Centre Pharmacy
West way society medical center
AR Medical
Clinic
Dr.Mujammel
References
Villages in Cuddalore district
Middle Bucks Institute of Technology (MBIT) is a vocational-technical school serving Centennial, Central Bucks, New Hope/Solebury, and Council Rock School Districts in Pennsylvania, United States. Many secondary-school students who wish obtain an in-depth education in specific technical areas not covered by their "home school" choose to attend MBIT. Typically, a student will attend either in the morning (A Session) or in the afternoon (B Session), for a three-hour class and then return to their home school. MBIT offers classes, including: Childcare, Computer Networking, Website Design, Automotive Technologies, HVAC, Dental Occupations, Health Occupations, Public Safety, Culinary Arts, Cosmetology, and Multimedia Technology.
Educational program
MBIT uses the Career Cluster model, and offers ten such clusters: "Architecture & Construction", "Arts, A/V Technology & Communications", "Health Science", "Hospitality & Tourism", "Human Services", "Information Technology", "Law, Public Safety & Security", "Manufacturing", "Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics" and "Transportation, Distribution & Logistics". Each cluster has one or more associated career pathways. Students typically choose one career pathway, which includes core classes common to the cluster, and courses specific to the pathway.
School years in each program are described as levels. Typically, 100 level as a sophomore, 200 level as a junior, and 300 level as a senior. Many programs offer scholarships or college credits after completing the 300 level.
References
External links
MBIT Home Page
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Schools in Bucks County, Pennsylvania
Globitermes is a genus of termites endemic to Southeast Asia and mostly inhabit the tropical rain-forests of this region. This genus contains three species which are known for their defensive strategy of autothysis.
Species
Globitermes brachycerastes Han, 1987 – China (Yunnan)
Globitermes globosus (Haviland, 1898) – Southeast Asia
Globitermes sulphureus (Haviland, 1898) – China (Yunnan), Southeast Asia
References
Termites
Termite genera
Insects of Asia
General Alvear is a department located in the south east of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 44,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is General Alvear, which is located around from Buenos Aires.
The City of general Alvear is home to a campus of Universidad Nacional de Cuyo.
The partido and its agricultural lands are irrigated by the Rivers Diamante and Atuel.
Name
The department and its head town are named after General Carlos María de Alvear (1789-1852) a hero of the Argentine War of Independence.
History
1879, The land now forming Departamento General Alvear is conquered in the 2nd desert campaign.
1884, The lands are purchased by Diego de Alvear, son of General Carlos María de Alvear.
1912, The Departamento was officially created on August 12 and the Sarmiento Railroad arrived in the city of General Alvear.
Districts
Bowen
General Alvear
San Pedro del Atuel
Smaller settlements
Canalejas
Carmensa
Cochicó
Colonia Alvear Oeste
Corral de Lorca
El Ceibo
El Juncalito
La Escandinava
La Mora
Línea de Poste
Los Compartos
Ovejería
Poste de Hierro
External links
My Alvear (Spanish)
Municipal site (Spanish)
Alvear Mendoza (Spanish)
Tourist Site (Spanish)
Information about General Alvear (Spanish)
General Alvear Civil Defence (Spanish)
Universidad nacional de Cuyo (Spanish)
1912 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
Populated places established in 1912
The Shaeffer Campbell Covered Bridge is located on the College Pond on the campus of Ohio University Eastern Campus in St. Clairsville, Ohio.
History
The bridge was once located in Fairfield County, south of Amanda on Clear Creek. The bridge was built in 1875 in the multiple kingpost truss style. The county contains many examples of that style built by Fairfield native and expert covered bridge builder, James W. Buchanan, the man credited as being the builder of the Shaeffer Campbell Bridge.
The bridge was damaged when a farm tractor fell through the floor in 1973, and it was donated to Belmont County in 1975. Belmont County did not have any covered bridges at the time, as its last covered bridge over Captina Creek had collapsed under the weight of a coal truck in 1953. The bridge was dismantled and taken to a county garage in Lloydsville, where it was reassembled and reconditioned. The bridge was placed over the College Pond in 1975 with a dedication by the county engineer, R.J. Boccabella.
Appearance
The wooden bridge sits atop wooden slat-pressured trusses that reach into the muddy bottom of the College Pond. The railings of the approaches to the bridge are designed to mirror railings found on the home of famous American writer Mark Twain. The flat wooden floor of the bridge was built to support loads of wagons and horses, but has not been reinforced for automobile usage, leaving it closed to vehicular traffic but open to pedestrians, such as a cross-country event for local high schools every year.
The bridge has slanted front supports, allowing the roof to extend further than the sides. The shingles on the roof are laid in a way to allow water to run off without leaking through the small gaps between panels. The sides of the bridge are wooden planks nailed vertically with a small gap between the roof and the top of the side walls. The bridge is normally painted red and is visible from both lanes of Interstate 70, which runs less than south of the bridge.
References
Further reading
The Covered Bridges of Ohio: An Atlas and History; Miriam F. Wood; Thunder Bay Press; 1994
Covered Bridges: Ohio, Kentucky & West Virginia; Miriam F. Wood; The Wooster Book Company; Wooster, Ohio; 2007
Covered bridges in Ohio
Bridges in Belmont County, Ohio
Bridges completed in 1875
Wooden bridges in Ohio
Tourist attractions in Belmont County, Ohio
Road bridges in Ohio
Pedestrian bridges in Ohio
Former road bridges in the United States
2009 Tochigi S.C. season
League Table
Domestic results
J2 League
As of the 5 December 2009, these are all the matches they played for 2009 season.
Tochigi SC results for 2009. (Japanese)
Emperor's Cup
Player statistics
Emperor's Cup data reference
References
External links
J. League official site
Tochigi S.C.
Tochigi SC seasons
Granville Island is a peninsula and shopping district in the Fairview neighborhood of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It is located across False Creek from Downtown Vancouver under the south end of the Granville Street Bridge. The peninsula was an industrial manufacturing area in the 20th century. The area was named after Granville Leveson-Gower, 2nd Earl Granville.
Granville Island includes a public market, a marina, a hotel, the False Creek Community Centre, as well as various performing arts theatres including the Arts Club Theatre Company and Carousel Theatre.
Granville Island was used as the finale of the film Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol (2011).
The Vancouver International Children's Festival, the Vancouver Fringe Festival, and the Vancouver Writers Fest are all located here.
Transportation
False Creek Ferries and Aquabus provide ferry service from Granville Island to Downtown Vancouver, Yaletown, False Creek, the West End, and Vanier Park. Other water transportation options include a water taxi service to Bowen Island provided by English Bay Launch.
WESTCOAST Sightseeing and Vancouver Trolley Hop-On, Hop-Off services both have stops located at Granville Island.
Between 1998 and 2011, the Vancouver Downtown Historic Railway operated between Granville Island and Science World. The streetcar is now permanently shut down.
History
The peninsula was originally used by the Musqueam Indian Band and the Squamish people as a fishing area.
The city of Vancouver was called Granville until it was renamed in 1886, but the former name was kept and given to Granville Street, which spanned the small inlet known as False Creek. False Creek in the late 19th century was more than twice today's size, and its tidal flats included a large permanent sandbar over which spanned the original, rickety, wooden Granville Street bridge. This sandbar, which would eventually become Granville Island, was first mapped by Captain George Henry Richards in the British Boundary Commission's naval expedition in 1858–59, and the island today conforms roughly to the size and shape documented at that time. A British Admiralty Chart of 1893 shows the island in greater detail and conforming even more accurately to today's Granville Island.
The first attempt to stabilize the sandbar by driving piles around the perimeter was an unofficial attempt to create some free real estate shortly after the creation of the original Granville Street bridge in 1889. The Federal government put a stop to the work as a menace to navigation, but the piles are still visible in a photo taken in 1891.
In 1915, with the port of Vancouver growing, the newly formed Vancouver Harbour Commission approved a reclamation project in False Creek for an industrial area. A island, connected to the mainland by a combined road and rail bridge at its south end, was to be built. Almost of fill was dredged largely by a man named Alvin Kingston, from the surrounding waters of False Creek to create the island under the Granville Street Bridge. The total cost for the reclamation was $342,000. It was originally called Industrial Island, but Granville Island, named after the bridge that ran directly overhead, was the name that stuck.
The very first tenant, B.C. Equipment Ltd., set the standard by building a wood-framed machine shop, clad on all sides in corrugated tin, at the Island's western end. (Today the same structure houses part of the Granville Island Public Market.) The company repaired and assembled heavy equipment for mining and forestry industries and used barges for shipping.
By 1923 virtually every lot on the Island was occupied, mostly by similar corrugated-tin factories.
During the Great Depression, one of Vancouver's several hobo jungles sprang up on the False Creek flats opposite Granville Island's north shore. "Shackers" lived on the island, in town, or in floathouses, and survived by fishing and beachcombing and sold salmon, smelt, and wood door to door or at the public market on Main Street. They were basically self-sufficient and were left alone.
During the Second World War, Wright's Canadian Ropes on the island was Canada's biggest manufacturer of heavy-duty wire rope. Their Green Heart product was supplied to forestry and mining industries. A fire in 1953 gutted their Granville Island factory so they moved to south Vancouver in 1956.
In 1972, a federal order-in-council assigned management of the 14-hectare site to Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC). The federal government invested $24.7 million there between 1973 and 1982. In 1979, the federal and provincial governments converted a 50,000 square foot building to the Public Market. In 1980, the Emily Carr University of Art & Design was added to the island.
Ron Basford, the Minister responsible for CMHC was, was referred to as Mr. Granville and was later recognized with the naming of Ron Basford Park on Granville Island.
In 2016, the federal government announced a commitment to develop a 2040 plan to redevelop the island, in part because the Emily Carr University was going to move off the island.
Granville Island Public Market
The Granville Island Public Market was established in 1979 as a location where farmers and other food vendors could sell to consumers. It operates year-round in an enclosed facility where customers can purchase fresh produce, meat, fish and seafood, cheeses and other products, many locally sourced. There are generally 50 vendors in the market. The market includes retail food vendors, selling a range of items from Mexican, Asian, Greek and deli food to candy and snacks. The market attracts both local residents and tourists. The market includes a "kids market" designed for children.
Other businesses
Granville Island Brewing Co. is the name of a beer company which originated on Granville Island in 1984, but whose main base of operations was moved to Kelowna, British Columbia, some time later. In 2009 it was purchased by Molson's Brewery and continues to brew small batches of its varieties at the Granville Island brewing original site, and offers beer tasting and tours of their brewing facilities.
Ocean Concrete is the longest-established tenant on the island, having set up shop there in 1917. In 2014, OSGEMEOS (Portuguese for THE TWINS), consisting of brother duo Gustavo and Otavio Pandolfo, revamped the concrete silos with their ongoing mural project, 'Giants'.
Granville Island is home to several theatre companies such as the Arts Club Theatre Company, Arts Umbrella, Axis Theatre Company, Boca Del Lupo, Carousel Theatre for Young People, Ruby Slippers Production Company, and the Vancouver Theatre Sports League.
Canada's only physical hammock shop, the Hamuhk Hangout Place, has been operating on Granville Island since 1995.
Gallery
Notable residents
Jim Coleman (1911–2001), Canadian sports journalist, writer and press secretary
References
External links
Official Granville Island website
Granville Island Cultural Society Information about busking (street performing) on Granville Island and theatre information
Satellite image of Granville Island from Google Maps.
Granville Island Day Vendors Association website
Granville Island Business and Community Association website
Granville Island Works community website
The Growing Pains of Vancouver – Internet radio documentary discussing Granville Island from 24'00" till 34'43".
Shopping districts and streets in Canada
Shopping malls in Metro Vancouver
Neighbourhoods in Vancouver
Busking venues
Retail markets in Canada
Islands of British Columbia
Tourist attractions in Vancouver
Former islands of Canada
Adaptive reuse of industrial structures in Canada
Market halls
Food retailers
Walther von Holzhausen (29 May 1876, Opava – 9 August 1935, Magdeburg) was a German chess master and problemist.
Born in Troppau (Opava), then Austrian Silesia, as the son of an Austrian officer (although his family lived in Frankfurt am Main), he graduated from states military academies at Graz (Austria) and Hanau (Germany). During World War I, he fought on the Eastern Front, where he was captured by Russians. He was captured as a prisoner of war and was sent to Khabarovsk in Russian Far East. In winter 1917/18 he escaped from the camp.
Competitions
At the beginning of his chess career, he won at Leipzig 1898/99 (Schachklubs Augustea). After the war, he took 4th at Bad Oeynhausen 1922 (the 22nd DSB Congress, Hauptturnier B), took 3rd at Frankfurt 1923 (the 23rd DSB Congress, Haupturnier A), and shared 1st at Eisenach 1924.
Walther von Holzhausen was the director of international the 24th DSB Congress at Breslau 1925 (Efim Bogoljubow won), and won himself Hauptturnier A there. He took 10th place at Berlin 1926, 5th at Dresden 1926, 9th at Vienna 1926 (DSV Kongress),
3rd at Hanover 1926), 8th at Bremen 1927,
3rd-4th at Magdeburg 1927 (the 25th DSB Congress),
8th at Giessen 1928,
12th at Berlin 1928 (Café Koenig),
12th at Duisburg 1929 (the 26th DSB Congress),
tied for 13-14th at Bad Pyrmont 1933 (the 1st German Chess Championship) and took 6th at Bad Salzbrunn 1933 (the 12th Silesian Chess Congress).
Publications
He published two chess books: Brennpunktprobleme. Eine Schachstudie. (Leipzig 1926), and Logik und Zweckreinheit im neudeutschen Schachproblem. (Leipzig 1928).
Namesakes
His name is attached to the Holzhausen Attack in the Giuoco Piano (1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bc4 Nf6 4.0-0 Bc5 5.d4 Bxd4 6.Nxd4 Nxd4 7.Bg5 d6 8.f4 Qe7 9.fxe5 dxe5 10.Nc3).
References
External links
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessplayer?pid=20048
1876 births
1935 deaths
German chess players
Chess composers
Sportspeople from Opava
Fabrice Dupont, better known as 'Fabulous' Fab Dupont, is a French mixing engineer, record producer and teacher. He was born in Canada but his parents moved back to France when he was a toddler. Growing up in Paris, he studied music theory and saxophone before moving to Boston, Massachusetts where he attended Berklee College of Music, majoring in Songwriting. As a self-taught engineer and producer, Dupont uses a hybrid of both analog and digital technology to create records for artists such as Shakira, Jennifer Lopez, Bebel Gilberto, Freshlyground, David Crosby, Wakey Wakey, Vicente Garcia, Juan Luis Guerra, Nat King Cole, Visitante and many others. As a consultant, Dupont has worked with manufacturers such as Lauten Audio, Presonus, George Massenburg Labs, Dangerous Music, Avid, Sonnox, and Universal Audio to troubleshoot, create, distribute and promote audio systems.
Fab Dupont is the owner of Flux Studios in New York City as well as co-owner of PureMix.net, an educational website for production and recording techniques.
Other projects
Dupont worked closely with Lauten Audio founder Brian Loudenslager in the development of the Lauten Atlantis microphone and the Lauten Eden microphone in order to create a design that would be versatile enough to handle the rigors of the modern DAW-based recording environment.
Production credits
Selected Production Credits:
References
French record producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2015 Pan American Games Parade of Nations occurred at the 2015 Pan American Games opening ceremony, held beginning at 18:45 Eastern Daylight Time (UTC−4) on July 10, 2015. 41 athletes bearing the flags of their respective nations led their national delegations as they paraded into Pan Am Ceremonies Venue in the host city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Athletes entered the stadium in an order dictated by tradition. As the host of the first Pan American Games, Argentina entered first. The Canadian delegation entered last, representing the host nation. The remaining countries entered in Spanish alphabetical order as per Pan American Sports Organization protocol.
As each nation entered the music reflected the traditional instruments and melodic styles of each of the 41 countries and territories. Silhouettes portraying the five disciplines of the pentathlon appear in the distance to honour their entrance (javelin, long jump, wrestling, discus and running), where the first multi sport games and the Pan American Games grew from their foundations. Each nation was preceded by a placard bearer holding a high-tech LED Device which flashed the name of each participating team in the three languages (English, French and Spanish), the former two also being the official languages of Canada.
List
References
National Flag Bearers, 2015 Pan American Games
Parades in Toronto
Aksel Gürcan Demirtaş (born 2 January 1973 in Varna) is Turkish athlete specialising in the sprinting events. During her long career, she has represented Turkey at multiple international competitions, including the 1997 World Championships, six World Indoor Championships, three European outdoor and five indoor championships, although with little success.
Her 60 metres personal best of 6.21 seconds is the still standing national record.
Competition record
1Did not finish in the semifinals
Personal bests
Outdoor
100 metres – 11.49 (+1.8 m/s) (Kalamáta 2001)
200 metres – 23.71 (Ankara 1999)
Indoor
60 metres – 7.27 (Moscow 2001)
200 metres – 23.79 (Piraeus 2002)
References
1973 births
Living people
Turkish female sprinters
Sportspeople from Varna, Bulgaria
Bulgarian Turks in Turkey
Athletes (track and field) at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Turkey
Buck Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Western in Oneida County, north of North Western.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Edilpur Copperplate () was found in a char land dug of Edilpur zamindari under Shariatpur District of Bangladesh about 120 miles directly east of Calcutta. Baboo Conoylal Tagore of Tagore zamindari has presented the plate to Asiatic Society of Bengal in 1838, but now it is missing from collection. The plate is made of copper and was sharp in the letters, that the plate could have been long buried in the place where it was found. There was a seal, which is an elaborately executed figure of Siva in copper cast. The character of this inscription is rather less simple than the earlier alphabets of Pala dynasty. It is strictly the Gaur character which has descended the modern written Bengali. It is much to be regretted that when the first a font of Bengali type was prepared, the letters were made after the model of the running hand or written instead of this which may be called the print hand.
History
In Bengal and India Copper plate inscriptions (tamarashasana), usually record grants of land or lists of royal lineages carrying the royal seal, a profusion of which have been found . These inscriptions were legal documents such as title-deeds they were etched on a cave or temple wall, were then secreted in a safe place such as within the walls or foundation of a temple, or hidden in stone caches in fields. The earliest authenticated plates were issued by the Pallava dynasty kings in the 4th century A.D. The use of copper plate inscriptions increased and for several centuries they remained the primary source of legal records. This is the first copperplate record of a grant by the Sena Dynasty.
Importance of Edilpur Copperplate
Edilpur copperplate inscriptions play an important role in the reconstruction of the history of Bengal. An account of the plate was published in the Dacca Review and Epigraphic Indica. The copperplate inscription written Sanskrit and in Gauda character dated 3rd jyaistha of 1136 samval which represents 1079 A.D. The Asiatic Society's proceeding for January 1838, an account of the Edilpur plate describes that 3 villages were given to a Brahman named Iswara Deva Sarma, of the Vatsa tribe, of the villages of Bagule Bettogata and Udyamuna situated between four equally unknown places in Banga, or Bengal in the 3rd year of Keshab Sen. The grant was given with the landlord rights, receives the power of punishing the chandrabhandas or sundarbans, a race that lived in the forest. It records the grant of the land in the village of Leliya in the Kumaratalaka mandala situated in shatata-padamavati-visaya. The copperplate of Kaesava Sana tells that the king Vallal Sena carried away the goddesses of fortune for the enemies on palanquins (Shivaka) supported by staff made of elephant tusk. It also claims that his father Lakhman Sena (1179–1205) erects pillars of victory and sacrificial posts at Benaras and Allahbad and Adon Coast of South Sea. The plate describes the villages with smooth fields growing excellent paddy also noticed about the dancing and music in the ancient Bengal and ladies of that period used to adorn their bodies with blooming flowers. The Edilpur copperplate of Kaesava Sena records that the king made a grant in favor of Nitipathaka Isvaradeva Sarman for the inscae of the subha-varsha.
See also
Sena dynasty
History of Bengal
History of India
idilpur Union
References
History of Bengal
Medieval India
Indian inscriptions
Shariatpur District
Left Bank Encores is a live album by saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Gene Ammons recorded in Baltimore in 1973 and released on the Prestige label in 2002. The album was recorded at the same concert that produced God Bless Jug and Sonny.
Reception
The Allmusic review stated "when the saxmen were reunited at that Baltimore concert in 1973, they weren't as competitive and battle-minded as they had been in their younger days. But their chops were still in top shape, and they could still swing unapologetically hard... Like God Bless Jug and Sonny, Left Bank Encores falls short of essential, but is an enjoyable disc that Ammons and Stitt's hardcore fans will appreciate".
Track listing
Just in Time" (Betty Comden, Adolph Green, Jule Styne) - 9:08
"They Can't Take That Away from Me" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 11:31
"Theme from Love Story" (Francis Lai, Carl Sigman) - 9:39
"Exactly Like You" (Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh) - 6:56
"Don't Go to Strangers" (Redd Evans, Arthur Kent, Dave Mann) - 6:04
"Autumn Leaves" (Joseph Kosma, Johnny Mercer, Jacques Prévert) - 15:52
"Blues Up and Down" (Gene Ammons, Sonny Stitt) - 14:05
Personnel
Gene Ammons - tenor saxophone (tracks 1, 2 & 4-7)
Sonny Stitt - tenor saxophone (tracks 1 & 4-7), alto saxophone (track 2)
Cedar Walton - piano - trio track 3
Sam Jones - bass
Billy Higgins - drums
Etta Jones - vocals (tracks 4 & 5)
References
2002 live albums
Prestige Records live albums
Gene Ammons live albums
Sonny Stitt live albums
Collaborative albums
Anadasmus arenosa is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are light ochreous with the plical and second discal stigmata minute and blackish. The hindwings are pale brassy-yellowish.
References
Moths described in 1916
Anadasmus
Moths of South America
Hollywood Gaming at Mahoning Valley Race Course, is a thoroughbred racino in Austintown, Ohio. It is owned by Gaming and Leisure Properties and operated by Penn Entertainment.
History
Construction on Mahoning Valley Race Course, located on Ohio Route 46, began on May 30, 2013. Mahoning Valley Race Course opened on September 17, 2014. The facility features a one-mile dirt course with grandstand, and a gaming area that displays nearly 1,000 video lottery terminals.
The track replaces Beulah Park Racetrack in Columbus, Ohio. Racing operations at Mahoning Valley began on November 24, 2014.
Physical Attributes
The track features a one-mile oval racetrack over which the thoroughbreds race. The track is 80 feet wide, and is banked at 3% in the stretches and 6% in the turns. The stretch run is 1,000 feet long.
There are two (2) main wagering areas – 1st floor, and the Simulcast Teletheater on the 2nd Floor. Wagering machines are available on both levels.
The backstretch consists of 13 barns with stabling for up to 988 horses, and a receiving barn which has 54 stalls. The receiving barn is used by horses that will be coming in the day of the race from another track or farm to race. Dormitories are available for employees of the horse trainers, the building has 84 rooms that can house 2 (two) people in each room, capacity of 168. There is no charge to horsemen for barn stall space but they will be charged for the dormitory space. The dormitory will have a lounge and vending machines available for horseman.
Racing
In its second season of racing, Mahoning Valley Racecourse has seen gains in both wagering and overnight purses. In March, 2015, overnight purses raised by 5%. The average daily purse at the end of the 2015 winter/spring meet was $76,000. Prior to the second racing season, officials at Mahoning Valley announced another purse increase, during the 2015-16 meet, overnight purses averaged more than $106,000. This number competes aggressively with both Thistledown Racino in nearby North Randall and Mountaineer Racetrack in nearby West Virginia. MVRC announced at the end of 2017 a 5-7% purse increase. Purses for maiden special weights increased from $21,000 to $22,100 and allowance races will be as high as $29,000.
During the 2015-16 racing season, Mahoning Valley Racecourse announced two open stakes races added to its stakes schedule. The $200,000 Steel Valley Sprint Stakes, a six-furlong dash for 3-year-old horses, became the tracks signature race. At the conclusion of the 2018 spring meet, the track announced a $50,00 increase in the sprint, making the total purse $250,000. The $75,000 Hollywood Gaming Mahoning Distaff, also a six-furlong dash, was also added. These two races become part of a 23-race, $5.35 million Penn Gaming Racing Challenge.
Notable Jockey's who have ridden at Mahoning Valley include Corey Lanerie, Florent Geroux, Irad Ortiz, Jr., Trevor McCarthy, Ricardo Santana, Jr., Jose Valdivia Jr., Paco Lopez, Channing Hill, Javier Castellano and Deshawn Parker.
Now entering its fourth live-racing season, Hollywood Gaming Mahoning Valley Racecourse's thoroughbred horses run on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays with post times of 12:45 P.M. EST and Saturdays with a post time of 12:15 P.M. EST, from late October to late April.
Stakes Schedule
The 2021 racing schedule features 17 stakes races, three (3) open stakes and ten (10) Ohio State bred stakes races. Also in 2016, Mahoning Valley Racecourse will host the Best of Ohio Day featuring four (4) Ohio bred stakes races.
Open Stakes Races
$250,000 Steel Valley Sprint
$75,000 Hollywood Gaming Mahoning Distaff
$75,000 Austintown Filly Sprint
Ohio Bred Stakes Races
$75,000 Ohio Debutante Handicap
$75,000 The Cardinal Handicap
$75,000 The First Lady Stakes
$75,000 The Glacial Princess Stakes
$75,000 The Ruff/Kirchberg Memorial Handicap
$75,000 The Joshua S. Radosevich Memorial-Ohio Freshman Stakes
$75,000 The Bobbie Bricker Memorial Handicap
$75,000 The Southern Park Stakes
$75,000 The Howard B. Noonan Stakes
Best of Ohio Day
$100,000 The Best of Ohio Distaff Stakes
$100,000 The Best of Ohio Endurance Stakes
$100,000 The Best of Ohio Sprint Stakes
$100,000 The Best of Ohio Juvenile Stakes
$100,000 The Best of Ohio John Galbreath Memorial Stakes
See also
List of casinos in Ohio
References
External links
Horse racing venues in Ohio
Casinos in Ohio
The Berlin S-Bahn line 46 (S46) runs from Königs Wusterhausen to Westend. It operates over:
the Görlitz line, opened in 1866 and electrified in 1929,
the Baumschulenweg–Neukölln link line, opened on 8 June 1896 and electrified in 1928 and
the Ring line, completed in 1877 and electrified in 1926.
Until 28 May 2006, the line ran from Königs Wusterhausen to Gesundbrunnen. The line was shortened to Westend to allow frequency improvements to the S41 and S42 ring lines. The shortened line contains 23 stations.
References
Berlin S-Bahn lines
Exposure to oil (petroleum) can result in both external and internal damage to animals. It has the greatest impact on bird species, aquatic mammals, and other aquatic organisms. Affected wildlife can usually be identified via visual inspection, and can be treated if found early on. Major sources of such oil in the environment include accidental oil spills from off-shore sites, oil tankers, pipelines, and other facilities that store and process oil.
Cause
The main cause of wildlife exposure to oil is oil spills. Oil spills occur most commonly near oil-shipping routes, pipelines, wells and refineries. Oil spills have a more drastic impact in the late winter and early spring months, because large populations of overwintering birds gather near shores. The Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill (also known as the BP Oil Spill) was estimated to have killed over 8,000 birds, sea turtles and marine mammals from April to September in 2010.
Animals come into direct contact with the oil, and may ingest, inhale or absorb it. Animals may also become contaminated by eating other contaminated animals.
Species affected
Any animal can come into direct contact with an oil spill. However, marine species are more likely to be impacted by an oil spill.
Birds
Of the many species affected by direct exposure to oil, birds are usually the most severely affected. Birds that nest near the shoreline are most likely to be affected, including loons (Gavia spp.), grebes (Family: Podicipedidae), murres (Uria spp.), pelicans (Family: Pelecanidae), and penguins (Family: Spheniscidae). The species of bird and the type of oil can vary the effects of oil exposure. Birds affected often die from hypothermia, starvation, exhaustion, or drowning. Birds exposed to oil become more susceptible to other diseases due to a reduced immunologic function.
Birds can come into contact with oil through direct exposure, which leads to ingestion, inhalation, and absorption. Birds coated with oil lose the insulation and waterproofing properties of their feathers, and can also ingest oil during preening. Bird that are coated with oil lose the ability to thermo-regulate, fly, and float on water. Ingestion of oil can result in lung, liver and kidney damage, often leading to death. The oil can also affect the eggs laid by affected females, often resulting in embryonic death or low birth weight. 5-20 microliters of oil can kill embryos if the egg comes into contact. Eggs laid prior to an oil spill can also become damaged if an affected animal sits on the nest.
Mammals
Mammals are affected by oil spills in many of the same ways birds are, including organ damage, immune system suppression, skin irritation, and behavioral changes. It generally affects terrestrial mammals that feed on other affected animals that are directly exposed to oil. This includes scavengers, such as raccoons and skunks. It affects a variety of marine mammals, including sea otters (Enhydra lutris), whales (Order: Cetacea), dolphins (Suborder: Odontoceti), seals (Clade: Pinnipedia), and manatees (Trichechus spp.). Sea otters are among the most susceptible of marine mammals, because the oil interrupts their ability to trap air within their fur for insulation.
Other animals
Other species, such as marine turtles (Superfamily: Chelonioidea), fish, and shellfish can also be adversely affected by oil spills. Sea turtles may become affected when they return to shores to lay eggs. Fish are impacted by the oil that is taken in by their gills and digestive system. Many species of shellfish can survive exposure to oil, but accumulate high levels in containment in their bodies. Oil in water can contaminate algae, plankton, and fish eggs, which in turn contaminate fish that feed on them.
Clinical signs
Animals affected externally by oil can often be seen or found via the smell. In some light, transparent oils may be difficult to detect visually. Animals can also be internally diagnosed via necropsy by identifying petroleum hydrocarbons in their fat, liver, or kidney tissues For damage assessments, the death of the animal must have occurred after the oil spill.
The severity of damage directly correlates with the amount of oil spilled and the animal's exposure to oil. However, a small spill at a more sensitive season or environment may have more drastic impacts than a large spill in a less sensitive season or environment. External exposure to oil often leads to destroyed insulating fur or feathers, resulting in death from hypothermia. Contact with oil can also result in blindness, which impairs animals' ability to compete for food or to avoid predators.
The ingestion of oil can cause a variety of internal problems. These include anemia, reproductive impairment, and damage to the stomach and intestines. These animals can also suffer from dehydration and pneumonia, due to a decreased thermo-regulation.
Treatment
Animals affected by oil should be cleaned and allowed to recover from stress. Animals should be kept in a quiet and warm environment while they recover. Direct contact with oil or oiled wildlife can be hazardous to human health, so it is recommended that treatment be performed by people who have received training.
References
Oil Spills
Ocean_pollution
Ecotoxicology
Josep Tolosa i Carreras, (Girona, November 20, 1846 – Barcelona, April 28, 1916) was a Catalan physician, chess writer and player.
He was a pupil of Joan Carbó i Batlle, and master of Josep Paluzie i Lucena and Valentí Marín i Llovet. He was a member in the chess clubs of Café del Recreo and Cafè Anglès.
Works
Articles in the publication Teoría y práctica del ajedrez, 1867
Articles in the publication La Ilustración, 1883
Articles in the publication Sportsmen's Club, 1904–1905
Traité analytique du probleme d'échecs (Paris, 1892)
Ruy López, (Barcelona, 1896–1899)
External links
www.chessgames.com
1826 births
1916 deaths
Physicians from Catalonia
Writers from Catalonia
Spanish chess writers
Spanish chess players
Spanish writers in French
Spanish medical writers
19th-century chess players
Boledehi (بلیده ای:Baluchi) is a term referring to a group of khans and sardars in southern Balochistan, Sarbaz and Chah Bahar provinces of South West Asia.
For centuries, Boledehies were the Hakims (princes) of Dashtyari, Bahu and Rask. Their Hakimate in Bahu collapsed due to emigration and the attack of a Sindhi aboriginal tribe known as the sardarzahi (or saddazahi), but they remained as influential hakims in Sarbaz and Nikshahr.
References and further reading
(In Persian): Chabahar va Daryaei Pars, Iraj Afshar Sistani, Siddiqi Publication, Zahedan, pages 267, 268, 271
Philip Carl Salzman, Politics and Change among the Baluch in Iran, June 20, 2008: http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/mesh/papers/
Geography of Iran
Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Baloch people
Bartlett House, a historic railroad hotel, restored in 2016 to house a kitchen, bakery, and cafe. It was built about 1870, and is a three-story, five bay by five bays, square, Italianate style brick building on a raised basement. It features a full width front porch at the primary story and decorative cornice. The name BARTLETT HOUSE appears in white lettering between the second and third stories.
History
The Bartlett House was built in 1870 by Ebenezer Bartlett and served as a hotel for railroad travelers. In the mid-1900s, the hotel was the subject of photographs by Walker Evans. The photos were displayed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. The Bartlett House continued to operate as a railroad hotel for the New York and Harlem and Hudson and Boston Railroads until about 1948. After the rail line was abandoned, the hotel fell into many years of disuse.
In 2012, the Bartlet House was added to the National Register of Historic Places .
In 2016, the Barlett House was renovated and is now open to the public as café and bakery.
References
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Italianate architecture in New York (state)
Hotel buildings completed in 1870
Buildings and structures in Columbia County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, New York
Railway hotels in the United States
You Again are the third studio album by the American country music group The Forester Sisters. It was released in 1987 via Warner Records Nashville.
Content
Three singles charted from the album: a cover of Brenda Lee's 1965 single "Too Many Rivers", followed by the title track and "Lyin' in His Arms Again". Of these, "You Again" achieved the number one position on Hot Country Songs in 1987, while the other two both peaked at number five on the same.
"Sooner or Later" was later covered by Eddy Raven, who released it in 1990 as a single from his album Temporary Sanity. As with the Forester Sisters' version, Raven's was also produced by Barry Beckett.
Track listing
"That's What Your Love Does to Me" (Bill Caswell, Chick Rains) - 2:35
"You Again" (Don Schlitz, Paul Overstreet) - 3:19
"Before You" (Chris Waters, Terri Gibbs) - 2:26
"Too Many Rivers" (Harlan Howard) - 3:15
"My Mother's Eyes" (Gary Harrison, Karen Staley) - 3:19
"Sooner or Later" (Bill LaBounty, Beckie Foster, Susan Longacre) - 4:23
"I Can't Lose What I Never Had" (Jim Rushing) - 2:34
"Lyin' in His Arms Again" (J. L. Wallace, Terry Skinner) - 3:30
"Down the Road" (J. R. Roper, Joy Henley, Kent Blazy) - 3:00
"Wrap Me Up" (Holly Dunn, Radney Foster) - 2:23
Personnel
The Forester Sisters
Christy Forester - vocals
June Forester - vocals
Kathy Forester - vocals
Kim Forester - vocals
Additional Musicians
tracks 1, 5, 7, 10
Larry Byrom - acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Paul Franklin - pedal steel guitar
Emory Gordy Jr. - bass guitar
John Barlow Jarvis - keyboards
Larrie Londin - drums
Reggie Young - electric guitar
tracks 2, 6, 9
Barry Beckett - keyboards
Mark Casstevens - acoustic guitar, mandolin
Sonny Garrish - steel guitar
Owen Hale - drums
Mitch Humphries - keyboards
Carl Marsh - Fairlight series III computer programming
Brent Rowan - electric guitar
Buddy Spicher - fiddle
Bob Wray - bass guitar
tracks 3, 4, 8
Terry "Bus" Adkins - bass guitar
Sonny Garrish - steel guitar
Owen Hale - drums
Hoot Hester - fiddle
Lonnie "Butch" Ledford - bass guitar
Will McFarlane - acoustic guitar
Steve Nathan - keyboards, synthesizer
J. L. Wallace - electric guitar
John Willis - acoustic guitar
Chart performance
References
1987 albums
The Forester Sisters albums
albums produced by Barry Beckett
albums produced by James Stroud
Warner Records albums
Jay Zeffin is an English writer, producer and guitarist from the Southern rock band Jericho Summer, formed with wife Vanessa Joy. Originally from Newcastle upon Tyne, Zeffin now lives on the island of Mallorca in Spain. Gathering together a supergroup of musicians to record their debut album Night Train, the album went into the UK New Releases Chart at number 6 when it was released by Devil's Blade Records in August 2016, with Amazon UK selling out at the same time.
Zeffin and Joy had already been working in the music industry since meeting in 1995, and the Night Train album project resulted through a meeting of Zeffin and ex-Guns N' Roses rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin in 2012. It was at this time Zeffin also met Marco Mendoza from Thin Lizzy and Richard Fortus from Guns N' Roses.
To join the line-up were Albert Lee and Stuart Duncan, plus other musicians such as John Marcangelo, notable for his work with Violinski ("Clog Dance"). According to the media, the album was recorded digitally between studios in Mallorca, Cumbria, London, Nashville and Los Angeles. Zeffin was the first producer to record two of the world's most renowned guitarists, Albert Lee and Richard Fortus on the same album.
Night Train was released on 12 August 2016 with one video, "Bitchin' with a Woman", and a second, "Running Free", dedicated to Harley-Davidson in November 2016. Jericho Summer were featured in the winter edition of the Harley-Davidson Owners Group Magazine winter edition 2016.
The band have also covered "Good One Comin' On", a track written by David Lee Murphy, Parnell and Garry Nicholson which was initially recorded by Trent Willmon and then Blackberry Smoke. Night Train is described as being a well balanced mix of rock and ballad numbers. Metal-discovery.co.uk said "This release is a mixture of high tempo and high octane rockers and slower ballad style tracks, a rewarding experience". Are you ready for Supergroup Jericho Summer.
The success of the debut album Night Train with positive reviews on Amazon both in the UK and US, in addition to iTunes, has had the couple planning for the future with a possible additional album in the pipeline.
References
External links
Jericho Summer official website
BBC Radio One Interview
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English session musicians
English country singers
Musicians from Newcastle upon Tyne
English songwriters
English rock guitarists
Keith English (born February 13, 1927 – January 21, 1989) was a Grey Cup champion and award-winning Canadian Football League player. He was primarily an offensive end but also played on defence.
A graduate of both Loyola High School and Loyola College, English joined his hometown Montreal Alouettes in 1948. Playing 12 regular season games he scored 2 touchdowns and a safety, good enough to win the Gruen Trophy for best rookie in the eastern Big Four (at a time when only Canadians could win the award). In 1949 he was an integral part of the Larks first Grey Cup championship. He retired after only 4 seasons with Montreal, playing 39 games.
He later became an avid curler and golfer, and was a Vice-President with McFarlane Son and Hodgson Ltd. In 1972 he was elected into the Loyola College Sports Hall of Fame (now Concordia University). He died on January 21, 1989, aged 61, from undisclosed causes.
References
1927 births
1989 deaths
Anglophone Quebec people
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Loyola College (Montreal) alumni
Montreal Alouettes players
Place of death missing
Players of Canadian football from Quebec
Sportspeople from Montreal
Anwar Hadi Ramli is a playwright and actor who has appeared in several TV films and theatre productions since 2000. He appeared in the 2008 Kallang Roar the Movie as Gelek King Dollah Kassim in Singapore national football team of the 1970s. He is currently working in theatre. In 2017, his play, The (Assumed) Vicious Cycle of a (Melayu) Youth, won the Best Theatre Script at the Anugerah Persuratan (Malay Literary Awards) by the Malay Language Council of Singapore.
Filmography
Kallang Roar the Movie (2008) .... Dollah Kassim
Blood Ties (2009) .... Nazri
Theatre
Keris Sempana Daik (2003) .... Majlis Pusat Teater Titisan
Hikayat Hang Tuah (2003) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Awang Batil (2003) .... Teater Kami Ltd
NSMen Life! (2003) .... Teater Kami Ltd
VIA 3 Dramatic reading (2004) .... Teater Ekamatra
Lelaki 9 Akal 1 Nafsu (2004) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Ainul Jauhara (2004) .... Majlis Pusat – Teater Titisan
Psikosis (2004) .... Teater Kami Ltd
VIA 4 Dramatic reading (2004) .... Teater Ekamatra
Mat Rock Minah Kental (2004) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Kelab Dangdut (2005) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Puteri Saadong (2005) .... Teater Kami Ltd
VIA 5 Dramatic reading (2005) .... Teater Ekamatra
Horlick Milo Kopi Teh (2005) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Rock Opera the Musical (2006) .... IMG Promotions
Bicara (2006) .... Teater Artistik
VIA 7 Dramatic reading (2006) .... Teater Ekamatra
Tekong Highway (200) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Mat Champion the Musical (2007) .... Teater Ekamatra
Al-Kisah Jakun dan Tengek (2007) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Gentarasa Titisan Cacamerba (2007) .... MESRA
Balada Tun Fatimah (2007) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Adventures of Han and Geet (2007) .... Act3 Theatrics
Wayang Betul..Lah (2007) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Campur Satu (2007) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Awang Batil (2008) .... ACJC
Robinson Crusoe (2008) .... Act3 Theatrics
Treasury of Singapore Tales (2008) .... Act3 Theatrics
Love Story of Romzi and Juleha (2008) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Badang Returns (2008) .... Teater Kami Ltd
Sidang Burung (2008) .... Teater Ekamatra
The Assumed Vicious Cycle of a Malay Youth (TVCY) (2016) ... Pentas Karyawan
Claustrophobia (2017) ... Pentas Karyawan
Mahameru (2018) ... Pentas Karyawan
Kurun Yang Hilang (2019) ... Pentas Karyawan
References
1970 births
Living people
Singaporean male film actors
21st-century Singaporean male actors
Singaporean male stage actors
Singaporean male television actors
Lenovo A526 is a dual-SIM, quad-core MediaTek Cortex A7 based smartphone launched on 2 April 2014. It released on April 5, 2014.
Design and features
The CPU is Mediatek Cortex A7 1.3 GHz quad-core processor. It has a 4.5-inch FWVGA screen with a resolution of 480x854 px.
RAM memory is 1 GB, internal eMMC memory size is 4 GiB. Additionally, the smartphone supports external microSD/microSDHC card of a capacity up to 32 GB.
The Li-Po battery capacity is 2000 mAh. Lenovo A526 is running Android 4.2, Jelly Bean operating system.
References
A526
Android (operating system) devices
Mobile phones introduced in 2014
Discontinued smartphones
The Battle of the Siritsa River (also Seritsa) took place on 27 August 1501 between the forces of the Livonian Order under Grand Master Wolter von Plettenberg on the one side and the forces of the Grand Duchy of Moscow and Pskov Republic on the other. The Russian forces were soundly defeated.
Grand Prince Ivan III of Russia pursued expansionist policies, which strained Moscow's relations with Livonia. In 1492, Moscow built Ivangorod Fortress opposite of Narva and two years later closed down the Hanseatic office in Novgorod. Hanseatic merchants, most of them Livonians, were imprisoned. The trade through Tallinn and Tartu diminished significantly. During the Russo-Swedish War (1495–1497), Sweden captured Ivangorod and offered it to Livonia, an offer which was refused. Moscow perceived that as a Swedish–Livonian alliance. As negotiations failed, Livonia began preparing for war. In May 1500, a war broke out between Moscow and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. On 17 May 1501, Livonia and Lithuania concluded a ten-year alliance in Vilnius. In August 1501, von Plettenberg led a Livonian army, reinforced with 3,000 mercenaries from Lübeck, towards Pskov.
The armies met on 27 August 1501 on the Siritsa River, 10 km south from Izborsk, on the western approaches to Pskov. The Pskovian regiment attacked the Livonians first but was thrown back. The Livonian artillery then destroyed the remainder of the Muscovite army despite a Russian attempt to reply with their own, insufficient, artillery force. In the battle, the smaller Livonian army defeated the Muscovite army (drawn from the cities of Moscow, Novgorod, and Tver, as well as from Pskov – which was not formally part of Muscovy until 1510) in large part due to the Order's formidable artillery park and the Russians' significant shortage of guns of any kind. The defeat prompted Moscow to modernize its army by creating standing infantry units armed with arquebus.
Livonian troops then captured Ostrov and unsuccessfully besieged Pskov. The Russians retaliated by invading and plundering eastern Livonia and defeating the Order at Helmed near Dorpat. The Order won a victory at the Battle of Smolin in September 1502. The war ended in 1503 when Lithuania sued for peace. Peace between Livonia and Moscow lasted until the Livonian War (1558–1583).
References
External links
Interactive timeline of the Livonia–Moscow War (1501–1503)
Siritsa
Siritsa
Siritsa
the Siritsa River
History of Pskov
Robert Wolff may refer to:
Bobby Wolff (born 1932), American bridge player
Bob Wolff (1920–2017), American sportscaster
Robert Paul Wolff (born 1933), American political philosopher
Robert Jay Wolff (1905–1978), American abstract artist
Robert Lee Wolff (1915–1980), American historian and book collector
See also
Robert Wolf (disambiguation)
Robert Wolfe (disambiguation)
Saddar Dera Bugti is town and union council of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
Conor Kenna (born 21 August 1984) is a retired Irish footballer who played as a centre back.
Club career
Shelbourne & UCD
Kenna began his League of Ireland career with Shelbourne where he was a primary figure in the Reds' under 21 squads and was briefly part of their first team squad. He left Shels prior to the start of 2004 League of Ireland season to join First Division UCD for whom he helped to promotion to the Premier Division with a 2nd-place finish. His primary role was at centre back although he deputised on many occasions at left back for UCD in spite of being right footed. Kenna formed a highly successful partnership at centre back with Alan McNally in a defence that gave up the fourth fewest goals in the 2006 League of Ireland season. Kenna was called into an Irish U-21 squad in 2005 but had to withdraw through injury. He was appointed UCD captain in the 2008 pre-season to replace the retired Tony McDonnell. He scored his first competitive goal for UCD in a 3–2 defeat to Derry City on 7 March 2008.
Drogheda United
Following UCD's relegation to the First Division at the end of the 2008 season, Kenna signed for Drogheda United in February 2009. Kenna made 38 competitive appearances and scored 5 goals for Drogheda in 2009 as the Louth club retained their Premier Division status.
St Patrick's Athletic
Kenna signed for St Patrick's Athletic on 9 February 2010, linking up at the Inchicore club with his former UCD manager Pete Mahon, who selected him as club captain. Kenna became a fan's favourite at Inchicore and received the St. Patrick's Athletic Supporters Club Player of the Year award in 2010. Kenna also earned the nickname 'Kennavaro' after brilliant performances similar to famous World Cup winning central defender Fabio Cannavaro. He played every minute of every game in all competitions for the Saints in 2010 and didn't get a single yellow or red card all season. It was widely speculated that Kenna would join 2010 league winners and Dublin rivals Shamrock Rovers but he stayed loyal to his club and this made him even more of a popular figure with the fans.
2011 looked to be a promising season for the Saints but his footballing career came into doubt when he sustained an injury to a tendon in his knee in the second league game of the season against Bray Wanderers at Richmond Park on 11 March. He returned from his long injury setback in a 0–0 draw away to Sligo Rovers on 27 July, Kenna wasn't expected to return so early as he was still building up his fitness but Mahon was forced to play him due to players being tired from a tough game against FC Shakhter Karagandy and he lasted the first 68 minutes before being replaced by Brian Shortall. Kenna went on to regain his place in the starting line up, pushing Shortall to the bench. Kenna scored in a 1–0 win over Sligo at Richmond Park in a huge match in the 2011 title run-in After Kenna returned from injury his performances were just a shadow of his 2010 performances which many fans put down to finding his feet again after the long period without playing games.
Indeed, they were correct as Kenna regained his excellent form in defence and the Saints found themselves with 3 clean sheets and just 2 goals conceded after the first 5 games of the 2012 season. Kenna played a big part in Pats' 2012 Europa League campaign, playing every game and setting up Stephen O'Flynn's goal against Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja in extra-time at the Hásteinsvöllur, Iceland and also setting up Christy Fagan's winning goal in extra-time against NK Široki Brijeg from Bosnia and Herzegovina at Richmond Park to earn a tie against Hannover 96, whom he played against in the 49,000 seater AWD-Arena. He captained the Pats side in their first ever appearance at the Aviva Stadium in the 2012 FAI Cup Final on 4 November 2012, but unfortunately for Kenna and the Saints, they lost 3–2 after extra time to Derry City meaning the club's FAI Cup drought was extended to 52 years.
Kenna continued his excellent form alongside his partner at Centre back, Kenny Browne into the 2013 season, with the captain maintaining his spot in the starting eleven and heavily contributing to what was the joint best defence in the league, with just 10 goals conceded after 20 games, as his Pats side sat top of the league. He made his 350th career appearance in a famous 4-0 win away to Shamrock Rovers in the South Dublin derby on 9 August 2013. Kenna made his 100th league appearance for Pats on 16 August 2013 in a 1-0 over Shelbourne at Richmond Park. On 13 October 2013, one year on from losing the 2012 title to Sligo Rovers as a result of a last minute penalty given against Kenna, he marked his 150th appearance for Pats by skippering the team to a 2-0 win at home to Sligo to clinch the 2013 League title. Kenna lifted the League of Ireland trophy at Richmond Park on 20 October 2013 following a 1-1 draw with Derry City, Pats' ninth league title. Kenna's last game for the Saints was in a 4–2 loss away to Cork City on the final day of the season.
Shamrock Rovers
Kenna signed for Shamrock Rovers in November 2013
Conor's only goal for Rovers was scored in the 26 July 2015 league match at Tallaght Stadium against Limerick FC, a 4-1 home win.
Bray Wanderers
Conor signed for Bray Wanderers in December 2015, and spent three seasons with the Wicklow club, most of them as captain on the pitch or as Club Captain.
Longford Town
Having departed Bray after the 2018 season, Kenna signed for Longford Town in February 2019. He helped Longford to a third place finish in the 2019 First Division season and was named on the PFAI First Division Team of the Year.
He announced his retirement from the game on 28 November 2019.
Later career
In 2018 and 2019, Kenna worked with the PFAI to help out-of-contract players land League of Ireland clubs.
On 10 January 2020, Kenna returned from his retirement to play for Irish Leinster Senior League club Kilnamanagh AFC until the summer 2020, the club he also played for as a child. Kenna already worked for the club as director of coaching for the past 12 months, before joining the playing squad.
International career
In October 2000, Kenna played for the Republic of Ireland U16s in a qualifying tournament in Riga for the 2001 UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship where he came up against Andrés Iniesta.
He made his debut at U23 level in November 2007 in the 2007–09 International Challenge Trophy . His second appearance came in May 2008. He made his third and last appearance at this level in a defeat to Belgium in October 2008.
Honours
Club
St Patrick's Athletic
League of Ireland Premier Division (1): 2013
Leinster Senior Cup (1): 2011
Individual
League of Ireland Player of the Month (1): March 2010
PFAI Premier Division Team of the Year (1): 2010
PFAI First Division Team of the Year (1): 2019
St Patrick's Athletic Player of the Season (1): 2010
References
External links
Living people
1984 births
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football central defenders
Association footballers from County Dublin
University College Dublin A.F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Shelbourne F.C. players
Drogheda United F.C. players
League of Ireland players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
Bray Wanderers F.C. players
League of Ireland XI players
Republic of Ireland youth international footballers
Republic of Ireland under-23 international footballers
Cherry Orchard F.C. players
Longford Town F.C. players
Esțfān Nehmé (; 8 March 1889 – 30 August 1938) - born Yūsuf Nehmé - was a Lebanese Maronite professed religious from the Lebanese Maronite Order. Nehmé worked to alleviate people's pain during World War I through the distribution of food to those suffering from famine and was known for an intense devotion to the Mother of God. He worked in the fields of his convent and other monasteries and also worked in construction for a brief period - he became well known and other monasteries sought him to live with them for his spiritual insight and work ethic.
Nehmé was beatified on 27 June 2010 in Lebanon.
Life
Yūsuf Nehmé was born on 8 March 1889 in Lehfed in Lebanon as the last of seven children to Estephanos Bou Haykal Nehmé and Christina Badawi Hanna Khaled. He had three male siblings and two female siblings. He was baptized on 15 March 1889 at the church of Our Lady in Lehfed; it was Father Gerges Fadel that baptized him. His father died in 1903.
Nehmé studied under the Lebanese Maronite Order at the Lady of Grace school in Sakii Rishmaya. A tale from his childhood reports that he once observed a badger enter a cave; Nehmé dug at that spot and unearthed a spring which is known at present as the "Badger's Fountain". In 1905 he entered the novitiate of the Lebanese Maronite Order at the convent of Saints Cyprian and Justina in Kfifan. Nehmé made his monastic vows on 23 August 1907 in the name of Esțfan. He made his solemn vows as a professed religious on 13 April 1924. At various monasteries he did manual labor in the fields and gardens as well as working in construction and as a carpenter. Nehmé's contemporaries made special note of his constant repetition of the mantra: "God can see me". During World War I he distributed food to those suffering from famine.
Nehmé died of a severe fever that led to a stroke at 7:00 p.m. on 30 August 1938 at the convent in Kfifan. Moments before his death Brother Charbel Nehmeh asked him if it would be fine to fetch water and the monk replied Nehmeh could do so if he wanted. The monk died mere moments after as his fellow friar searched for water. His remains reside at the convent of Saints Cyprian and Justina has been said to have been found incorrupt. Monks investigating the tomb on 10 March 1951 found that his remains had not decomposed. The remains were moved to a new tomb where visitors seek his intercession and ask for his healing.
Beatification
The beatification process started in a diocesan process that spanned for several weeks from 27 November 2001 until 17 December 2001 while the formal introduction came under Pope John Paul II on 16 January 2002 after the Congregation for the Causes of Saints issued the official "nihil obstat" to the cause and titled him as a Servant of God. The C.C.S. later validated the diocesan process in Rome on 26 April 2002 and received the Positio in 2005 for assessment.
Theologians met and approved the cause on 2 March 2007 as did the C.C.S. members on 16 October 2007 which in turn allowed for Pope Benedict XVI to name him as Venerable on 17 December 2007 upon the confirmation of his heroic virtue. The process for a miracle took place where it originated in and later received C.C.S. validation on 14 February 2003 before receiving the approval of the medical board in Rome on 1 October 2009. Theologians later assented to this on 16 December 2009 as did the C.C.S. on 16 March 2010 before Pope Benedict XVI approved the miracle and beatification on 27 March 2010.
Nehmé's beatification took place in Lebanon on 27 June 2010 and Archbishop Angelo Amato presided over the celebration on the pope's behalf. The miracle in question was the cure of Sister Marina Nehmeh from osteosarcoma. The President and the Prime Minister of the nation were both in attendance as were 50 thousand other people.
The current postulator assigned to this cause is the Rev. Boulos Azzi.
External links
Hagiography Circle
Official website
Saints SQPN
Santi e Beati
References
1889 births
1938 deaths
20th-century venerated Christians
20th-century Lebanese people
Beatifications by Pope Benedict XVI
Eastern Catholic monks
Incorrupt saints
Lebanese beatified people
Lebanese Maronites
People from Byblos District
Venerated Catholics by Pope Benedict XVI
The Many Sides of the Serendipity Singers is the second studio album by the Serendipity Singers. It peaked at number 68 on the Billboard Top LPs chart in 1964.
Track listing
Side one
"Let Me Fly Zion" – 1:40
"Beans in My Ears" – 2:06
"Soon It's Gonna Rain" – 2:42
"Mill Girls Don't Sing or Dance" – 2:22
"Look Away Over Yondro" – 1:58
"The New Frankie and Johnny Song" – 2:28
Side two
"You Don't Know" – 2:32
"Down Where the Wind Blows (Chilly Winds)" – 3:16
"Movin' in My Heart" – 2:06
"Six Foot Six" – 2:04
"Hi-Lili-Hi-Lo" – 2:52
"Fast Freight" - 2:22
Charts
References
1964 albums
Easy listening albums
Tharrawaddy Township is a township in Tharrawaddy District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Tharrawaddy.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Tharrawaddy District
The Barnet Boys School Boer War Memorial is located opposite Christ Church on the St Albans Road in Chipping Barnet, London. It marks the deaths of the eight former pupils of Barnet Boys School who died in the Second Boer War of 1899 to 1902 and was unveiled by Field Marshal Lord Grenfell in July 1903. It has been grade II listed on the National Heritage List for England since June 2017. The heritage listing describes the monument as "simple yet dignified".
Description
The memorial is in the form of a marble obelisk on a square marble pedestal base on a marble platform on a paving slab. It is decorated by a relief sculpture of a crossed rifle and sword on its front and back imposed over a laurel wreath. On the front face of the pedestal is inscribed.
References
External links
1903 establishments in England
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Barnet
Grade II listed monuments and memorials
Military memorials in London
Obelisks in England
Second Boer War memorials
Chipping Barnet
The 1928 Giro di Lombardia was the 24th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 3 November 1928. The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by Gaetano Belloni.
General classification
References
1928
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
BNS Umar Farooq was a of the Bangladesh Navy. She was the first frigate to enter service with the Bangladesh Navy. The ship was named after the second Rashidun Caliph Umar.
History
The ship previously served the Royal Navy as . She served the Royal Navy from 1958 to 1976. On 10 December 1976, she was transferred to the Bangladesh Navy.
Career
On 10 December 1976, BNS Umar Farooq was commissioned in the Bangladesh Navy. She was based at Chittagong, serving with the Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla (COMBAN). About 200 personnel served aboard Umar Farooq, with most living aboard her.
Umar Farooq paid a goodwill visit to India, Pakistan and Maldives in 1989. The ship participated in the International Fleet Review in South Korea in 1998.
On 26 February 2007, Umar Farooq paid a two-day goodwill visit to Kochi Port of India. In December 2010, the ship made a three-day visit to the Indian naval base at Visakhapatnam.
In 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, a 777-200ER, disappeared during flight. Due to the possibility of finding the wreckage in Bay of Bengal, Umar Farooq, along with the frigate , joined the search operation in this region.
She was decommissioned on 30 December 2015 after serving Bangladesh Navy for around 39 years, with a total service life of 57 years. After brief use as museum ship from December 2015, she was sold for demolition in Bangladesh in 2016. She was replaced by a Chinese-built Type 053H3 frigate with the same name and pennant number.
Mission
Umar Farooq was deployed to support operations off the Bangladeshi coast, such as anti-piracy and anti-smuggling operations, as well as search and rescue deployments.
See also
List of historic ships of the Bangladesh Navy
References
External links
Umar Farooq at the Bangladeshi Navy's website
Salisbury-class frigates of the Bangladesh Navy
1955 ships
Ships of the Bangladesh Navy
Frigates of the Bangladesh Navy
Decommissioned ships of the Bangladesh Navy
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Americano (LNFA) is the name of the top gridiron league which operates in Spain. It was first founded in 1988 and reorganized in 1995 after the merge of several previous Spanish competitions.
The league is run by the Spanish Federation of American Football (Federación Española de Futbol Americano (FEFA) in Spanish language).
At the end of the season, league champion and runner-up clinch bids to compete at next year's European Football League, while third and fourth teams classify for the EFAF Cup.
There has been changes in the number of teams throughout the years. Since 2015, teams are divided into three categories: Serie A, with the top six teams, second tier Serie B with ten teams competing in two conferences, and Serie C, with regional and interregional leagues.
History
LNFA Bowl results
LNFA Bowl appearances
LNFA Serie B
The Serie B is the second division of the LNFA. It was created in 2012 and named originally as LNFA while the top league was called LNFA Elite. In 2014, it changed the name to Serie B.
LNFA Serie C
The Serie C is the third division of the LNFA. It was created in 2015 with the aim to get more teams in the national leagues.
See also
Spain's american football cup
LNFA 2
External links
Spanish Federation of American Football
Agrupación Española de Fútbol Americano
Historia de la competición en España
European Federation of American Football
International Federation of American Football
Amer
Spa
1995 establishments in Spain
Sport leagues established in 1995
The 2013–14 San Jose State Spartans men's basketball team representsed San Jose State University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Spartans, led by first year head coach Dave Wojcik, played their home games at the Event Center Arena and were first year members of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 7–24, 1–17 in Mountain West play to finish in last place. They lost in the first round of the Mountain West Conference Tournament to Boise State.
Preseason roster changes
Departures
Many players from the previous season left with eligibility remaining. Athletic director Gene Bleymaier explained in 2014: "Last year, we were faced with a situation that needed to be dealt with in a major fashion. The coaching staff was not retained, and several players were not invited back for the 2013-14 season. Only four players returned from the 2012-13 team."
Incoming transfers
*Redshirted this season per NCAA transfer rules.
Recruiting
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#005a8b; color:#c79900;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#005a8b; color:#c79900;"| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#005a8b; color:#c79900;"| Mountain West Tournament
References
San Jose State Spartans men's basketball seasons
San Jose State
San Jose State Spartans men's basketball
San Jose State Spartans men's basketball
Heron County Park is a park in Newell Township in Vermilion County, Illinois. It is located just north of Danville, Illinois on Newell Road, at the north end of Lake Vermilion where the lake's waters are very shallow. A 950-foot-long floating boardwalk and watchtower which allows visitors to walk through a portion of the wetland. The wetlands were donated by Aqua Illinois Inc.
References
External links
Park website
Vermilion County Conservation District main page
County parks in the United States
Protected areas of Vermilion County, Illinois
2004 establishments in Illinois
Parks in Illinois
Protected areas established in 2004
The Atlanta Internet Exchange (AtlantaIX) is an Internet Exchange Point situated in Atlanta, Georgia, USA. AtlantaIX is a fast-growing, neutral and independent peering point. The beginnings of the AtlantaIX can be traced back to 1997. The current version of the AtlantaIX was re-established on September 4, 2003 by Michael Lucking, GreatAccess.com, WV Fiber (now Host.net) and 56 Marietta Street Partners. AtlantaIX was originally created as a free exchange point sponsored by the donations of the founders. Today AtlantaIX continues to run without any re-occurring charges to the participants. In 2007, one time port fees were instituted to aid in paying for a recently upgraded switch infrastructure. In January 2007, Michael Lucking purchased a new Foundry Networks Jetcore 15000 in order to support 10 Gigabit Ethernet connections. In January 2008 the switch fabric was migrated to a Cisco 6509 in order to support line rate 10 gigabit Ethernet. In early 2008, the AtlantaIX began supporting IPv6.
As of March 24, 2008, there were 64 registered (40 active) participants of the AtlantaIX, advertising over 21,000 unique IPv4 BGP routes.
Technology
The AtlantaIX operates a single Cisco 6509 switch. Participants can connect via 100baseTX, 1000baseSX, 1000baseLX, or 10000baseLR connections. AtlantaIX also offers aggregated links, which are used to provide speeds beyond 1 Gbit/s. The bundling of two 1 Gbit/s ethernet connections can provide speeds of 2 Gbit/s, and so on. While these are still in use, some participants are now upgrading to 10 Gigabit Ethernet.
Location
56 Marietta St NW
2nd Floor, Cage M33
Atlanta, GA 30303
History
The original Atlanta Internet Exchange was created in February 1997 by Bay Networks, Epoch Networks, Siemens Business Services, and GridNet. Then known as AIX, the peering point provided 10BaseT, T1 and DS3 connectivity. The AIX was located within the Atlanta POP of Epoch Networks. AIX never became a popular Internet Exchange Point, in part due to the high re-occurring costs of connecting to the switch. In March 2000, Michael Lucking, then an employee of Epoch Networks, now incarcerated for murder, decommissioned the equipment. In mid-2003, while meeting with a group of other peering coordinators in the Atlanta Area, Michael decided to resurrect the exchange. By August 2003, Michael had worked a deal with 56 Marietta Street Partners to provide space and power, WV Fiber (Now Host.net) to provide the first switch and cabling, and GreatAccess.com to provide domain hosting, and any costs for domain names and IP address registration fees. The new AtlantaIX operated at no expense to participants. In January 2007, Michael provided a second switch capable of supporting 10 Gigabit Ethernet connections. The AtlantaIX then began charging a one time port fee to aid in paying back the costs of the recently upgraded switch infrastructure.
See also
List of Internet Exchange Points by size
References
External links
Official Website
Current Participants
Usage Information
Internet exchange points in the United States
Tänassilma is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County in southern Estonia. The village has 148 inhabitants. The village includes Kalmetu School and the former Tänassilma orthodox church and cemetery.
Notable people
Politician Jaan Tõnisson (1868–1941?) was born near Tänassilma.
Poet and prosaist Viivi Luik (born 1946) was born in Tänassilma.
References
Villages in Viljandi County
Kreis Fellin
Glauburg-Stockheim station is a station on the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway in the town of Glauburg in the German state of Hesse. It is also at the end of the Nidda Valley Railway () from Bad Vilbel. The Oberwald Railway (Oberwaldbahn) to Lauterbach began here from 1 October 1888 until 1 June 1984. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 5 station.
The station is located in the area of the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (Rhine-Main Transport Association, RMV).
History
The station was opened on 30 October 1870 with opening of the end of the third section of the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway (Nidda–Büdingen) by the Upper Hessian Railway Company (Oberhessische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft). The station was originally called Stockheim (Oberhess). On 1 October 1888, the Stockheim–Gedern section of the Oberwald Railway was opened. This section was, in effect, the oldest part of the Nidda Valley Railway. Exactly 17 years later, on 1 October 1905, the Nidda Valley Railway was extended to the south to Nidderau. There was no through traffic between Bad Vilbel and Lauterbach until 1 June 1907.
Passenger services on the Stockheim–Lauterbach line ended on 28 September 1975. Freight traffic operated on the Stockheim–Gedern line until 1 June 1984. On 10 June 2001, the whole line between Stockheim and Lauterbach was closed.
In 2008, the Nidda Valley Railway was upgraded. This included, among other things, the renewal of all the stations. All the platforms at the halts and the stations of Nidderau, Niederdorfelden and Glauburg-Stockheim were renewed and raised to the level of the exits of the double-deck coaches used on the line (76 cm). Since 4 May 2008, services have been operated on the line at weekends. On the same day RMV bus route 5150 (formerly DB bus route 650), which had run between Bad Vilbel and Nidderau, was closed completely.
Platforms
The station has three platform tracks. The “house” platform (platform 1) is used exclusively for services on the Nidda Valley Railway towards Nidderau, Bad Vilbel and Frankfurt Central Station. The central platform (tracks 2 and 3) is served primarily by Hessische Landesbahn services on the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway to Giessen via Nidda, Hungen and Lich and to the south towards Gelnhausen via Büdingen. Trains in both directions use track 2, track 3 is usually used only to allow trains to pass. Occasionally trains from Bad Vilbel running on the Nidda Valley Railway terminate on track 3.
Entrance building
The Nidda Valley Railway is popularly known as the Stockheimer Lieschen ("Stockheim Lizzie") because there used to be a station restaurant in Glauburg-Stockheim station operated by Liesel Brand, where many passengers and railway staff stopped at the end of the line.
After long years of neglect, the station building was privatised in 2006 and partially restored. The station restaurant has been modernised and reopened as a bistro. In the former offices, there is a model railway (Modellbahnhof Stockheim), which has a focus on the Nidda Valley Railway during the 1950s and 1960s.
Operations
On weekdays, Deutsche Bahn operates services on the Nidda Valley Railway every hour to Frankfurt Hauptbahnhof. Additional services run to Bad Vilbel from Monday to Friday during peak hours to reduce the interval between services to half an hour. On Sundays the trains run every two hours only as far as Bad Vilbel.
On the Gießen–Gelnhausen railway, services are operated by Hessische Landesbahn with GTW 2/6 sets at hourly intervals between Gießen and Gelnhausen. In the morning peak and after lunch an extra service runs to Gelnhausen and in the evening peak an extra service runs from Gelnhausen.
Buses
Stockheim station is served by several regional bus routes. From 1 May to 31 October each year routes VB-90 to VB-95 of the Vogelsberger Vulkan-Express (Vogelsberg Volcano Express, Vex) operate. Route VB-90 runs from Stockheim station via Gedern, Grebenhain, Herbstein and Lauterbach. Route VB-94 runs from Büdingen via Stockheim and Gedern to Hoherodskopf.
Notes
External links
]
Railway stations in Hesse
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1870
Buildings and structures in Wetteraukreis
NPL (for NonProcedural Language) was a relational database language developed by T.D. Truitt et al.<ref name="Truitt83">"An Introduction to Nonprocedural Languages Using NPL", T.D. Truitt et al., McGraw-Hill 1983.</ref> in 1980 for Apple II and MS-DOS.
In general, a non-procedural language (also called a declarative language) requires the programmer to specify what the program should do, rather than (as with a procedural language) providing the sequential steps indicating how'' the program should perform its task(s).
Notes and references
Query languages
Great Wall Airlines Company Limited was a cargo airline based in Shanghai, People's Republic of China. It operated cargo services to Europe, the United States and Asia. Its main base was Shanghai Pudong International Airport. The airline was merged into China Cargo Airlines in 2011.
History
The airline launched its first flight from Shanghai to Amsterdam on 1 June 2006 with an initial frequency of six flights per week, becoming the first local-foreign partnership airline to take flight in China.
It was co-owned by China Eastern Airlines (51%), Singapore Airlines Cargo (25%), and Dahlia Investments (24%), a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings based in Singapore.
The airline suspended operations on 18 August 2006 after its parent company, China Great Wall Industry, had sanctions imposed on it by the United States Department of the Treasury for allegedly supplying missile technology to Iran. All aircraft were returned to Singapore Airlines Cargo. On 13 December 2006, it was announced that sanctions against Great Wall Airlines had been lifted, and that the airline would resume service in February 2007. The airline resumed scheduled services to Amsterdam (six times weekly), Incheon (six times weekly) and Mumbai/Chennai (three times weekly). As of April 30, 2007, Great Wall Airlines also launched scheduled services to Manchester via Amsterdam (two times weekly).
The airline operated to U.S stations including Seattle and Chicago beginning end of May 2008. It started services to Atlanta in 2009.
Merger
In the first half of 2011, the company was merged into China Cargo Airlines, together with Shanghai Airlines Cargo, which was the freight division of Shanghai Airlines.
Passengers Airline
Prior to 2002, a small passenger airline operated under the name Great Wall Airlines from its base in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province. The airline was purchased by China Eastern Airlines in May 2001.
Destinations
Great Wall Airlines operated flights to the following (as of January 2013):
Shanghai - Shanghai Pudong International Airport Hub
Tianjin - Tianjin Binhai International Airport
Amsterdam - Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
Seoul - Incheon International Airport
Manchester - Manchester Airport
Anchorage - Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport
Atlanta - Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport
Chicago - O'Hare International Airport
Fleet
Prior to the company's closure in 2012, Great Wall Airlines operated 2 Boeing 747-400BCF and 2 Boeing 747-400F.
References
Cargo airlines of China
Defunct airlines of China
Airlines established in 2006
Singapore Airlines
Airlines disestablished in 2011
The 1932 German Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Nürburgring on 17 July 1932.
Classification
References
German Grand Prix
German Grand Prix
Grand Prix
The following is a list of events affecting Canadian television in 2019. Events listed include television show debuts, finales, cancellations, and channel launches, closures and rebrandings.
Events
Television programs
Programs debuting in 2019
Series currently listed here have been announced by their respective networks as scheduled to premiere in 2019. Note that shows may be delayed or cancelled by the network between now and their scheduled air dates.
Programs ending in 2019
Television films
Networks and services
Network conversions and rebrandings
Network closures
See also
2019 in Canada
List of Canadian films of 2019
List of most watched Canadian television broadcasts of 2019
References
Piratenpartij may refer to:
Pirate Party (Belgium)
Pirate Party (Netherlands)
The 1958 edition of the Campeonato Carioca kicked off on July 13, 1958 and ended on January 17, 1959. It was organized by FMF (Federação Metropolitana de Futebol, or Metropolitan Football Federation). Twelve teams participated. Vasco da Gama won the title for the 12th time. no teams were relegated.
System
The tournament would be disputed in a double round-robin format, with the team with the most points winning the title.
Championship
Playoffs
As stipulated in the regulations, in case of two teams or more tying in points, the teams in question would dispute a playoff. since Vasco da Gama, Botafogo and Flamengo ended up tied, the playoffs would be disputed as a single round-robin tournament, popularly known as the "Supercampeonato". However, at the end of the tournament, the three tied in points again, forcing another playoff, known as the "Supersupercampeonato", to be held, which was won by Vasco da Gama.
References
Campeonato Carioca seasons
Carioca
Vehicle is the debut studio album by The Ides of March, released in 1970. The single and title of the album, "Vehicle", became the fastest selling single in Warner's history.
Reception
In his retrospective review for Allmusic, critic Mark Deming wrote "the band sounds tight, enthusiastic, and emphatic on all ten tracks" and that the album "documents this band's limitations as well as its strengths, but ultimately it's a good week's work, and shows the Ides of March had more up their sleeve than their only hit." Conversely, Robert Christgau called the album "Schlocky... more schlock than anyone needs."
Track listing
All songs written by Jim Peterik, except where noted.
"Vehicle" 2:56
"Factory Band" 3:02
"Sky Is Falling" 2:48
"Home" 3:38
"Wooden Ships/Dharma for One" (David Crosby, Stephen Stills, Paul Kantner / Ian Anderson, Clive Bunker) 7:14
"Bald Medusa" (Mike Borch, Peterik) 3:02
"Aire of Good Feeling" 3:14
"Time for Thinking" (John Larson) 2:30
"One Woman Man" 3:15
"Symphony for Eleanor (Eleanor Rigby)" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) 9:42
Bonus tracks
"Lead Me Home, Gently"
"Superman"
"Melody"
"Vehicle" (single version)
"High on a Hillside"
Personnel
Jim Peterik - lead guitar, lead vocals
Larry Millas - rhythm guitar, bass, keyboards, backing vocals
Bob Bergland - bass, saxophone, backing vocals
Ray Herr - bass, backing vocals
Michael Borch - drums, percussion
John Larson - trumpet, flugelhorn
Chuck Soumar - trumpet, backing vocals
Production
Produced By Bob Destocki & Frank Rand
Recorded & Engineered By Dick Dearborn & Richard Brayfield at Columbia Studios, March 1970
References
External links
Vehicle'' at songfacts.com
"Vehicle" at discogs
1970 debut albums
Warner Records albums
The Ides of March (band) albums
Karl Johann Greith (b. at Rapperswil, Switzerland, 25 May 1807; d. at St. Gallen, 17 May 1882) was a Swiss Catholic bishop and church historian.
Life
He received his early education at St. Gall, then went to the lyceum at Lucerne and the University of Munich; at the university he studied theology, philosophy, and history, and met Joseph Görres. In 1829 he went to Paris to perfect himself in library work; while there he decided to enter the priesthood and completed his theological studies in the Sulpician seminary of that city. He was ordained priest in 1831, and was made sub-librarian of St. Gall, also sub-regent and professor of the ecclesiastical seminary.
During the ecclesiastico-political troubles which soon after arose in Switzerland, Greith was prominent with pen and voice in defence of the Catholic Church. He was, consequently, deprived of his offices. He went to Rome, at the instance of the English Government, for the purpose of collecting documents in the Roman libraries and archives relating to English history. After the restoration of peace he devoted himself to parochial work in St. Gall, was made dean of the cathedral in 1847, professor of philosophy in 1853, and was consecrated Bishop of St. Gall in 1862.
From early years he had been an intimate friend of Ignaz von Döllinger, and at the First Vatican Council he held, in regard to the question of papal infallibility, that a dogmatic decision was inadvisable under existing circumstances. However, he accepted the decision of the council and tried to induce Döllinger to do the same.
Greith was a strong champion of ecclesiastical interests and defended the Church against civil power. He could not prevent the suppression of his seminary for boys nor hinder the civil prohibition of missions and retreats; nevertheless he renewed the religious life of his diocese and called into being an educated clergy.
Works
He devoted himself to the study of history and corresponded with numerous scholars, among others Lasaberg, Pertz, Böhmer, Franz Pfeiffer, Schosser, Mone, Gall Morel, and others. His numerous ecclesiastico-political writings were only of transient importance, and they bear witness to his Catholic sentiments.
In his sermons and pastoral letters he laid great stress on the greatness and majesty of God as exhibited in the Redemption and in the founding and continuous activity of the Catholic Church. He published: "Katholische Apologetik in Kanzelreden" in three volumes (Schaffhausen, 1847–52); he also wrote, in collaboration with the Benedictine Georg Ulber, "Handbuch der Philosophie fur die Schule und das Leben" (Freiburg, 1853–57).
Greith had no sympathy with scholastic philosophy and esteemed Descartes and Leibnitz.
His best and most lasting work was done in history. Among his historical publications were: "Spicilegium Vaticanum, Beiträge zur näheren Kenntniss der vatikanischen Bibliothek für deutsche Poesie des Mittelalters" (Frauenfeld, 1838); "Die deutsche Mystik im Predigerorden" (Freiburg, 1861); "Der heilge Gallus (St. Gall, 1864); "Die heiligen Glauensboten Columban und Gall (St. Gall, 1865); "Geschichte der altirischen Kirche und ihrer Verbindung mit Rom, Gallien und Alemannien, 430-630 (Freiburg, 1867). This last work is an exhaustive study of the foreign relations of the early Roman Catholic Church in Ireland, especially its relations with Rome and its missionary work.
References
Baumgartner, Erinnerungen an Karl Johann Greith in Stimmen aus Maria-Laach, XXIV, XXVI
Rothenflue in Historisch-politische Blatter, XC, a bibliography of Greith's addresses, sermons, Lenten and pastoral letters.
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia source
Catholic Hierarchy page
1797 births
1882 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Switzerland
The Breve chronicon Northmannicum or Little Norman Chronicle is a short, anonymous Latin chronicle of the Norman conquest of southern Italy, probably written in Apulia in the early twelfth-century. It covers the years from the first Norman "invasion" of Apulia in 1041 to the death of Robert Guiscard in 1085. Though once treated as an important source, its reliability and authenticity have been called into question by André Jacob, who showed that it is probably an eighteenth-century forgery by Pietro Polidori. According to John France, who seems unaware of Jacob's argument, it was based mainly on an oral tradition and was subsequently used as a source for both the Chronicon Amalfitanum and Romuald Guarna.
The first edition of the Chronicon was published by Ludovico Antonio Muratori in the fifth volume of his Rerum italicarum scriptores (1724) under the long title Breve chronicon Northmannicum de rebus in Iapygia et Apulia gestis contra Graecos. The text he used was preserved in a twelfth- or thirteenth-century codex borrowed from Pietro Polidori, as well as a copy of c.1530, both now lost. Only one authentic copy remains, though a forgery of G. Guerrieri also exists. In 1971 a new edition was published by Errico Cuozzo in the Bollettino dell'Istituto storico italiano per il Medioevo.
Notes
Italian chronicles
Catepanate of Italy
12th century in Italy
12th-century Latin books
Norman conquest of southern Italy
Çeltikderesi is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Rabbi Chaim Heller (11 July, 1879 - 10 April, 1960) was a prominent Talmudist and Targumic scholar who combined traditional rabbinic erudition with expertise in modern textual research. He was renowned for his genius and command of ancient languages. He was posthumously awarded the Rabbi Kook Prize for Rabbinical literature in 2007.
Biography
Born in 1879 in Białystok to Israel Pinsker, he was the younger brother of Nachman Heller, who would also become an American rabbi. He was raised in Warsaw, where he was famous for his Talmudic acumen from an early age, earning him the title "Illui of Warsaw". From the age of ten he is self-educated, and he never attended a yeshiva. He married the daughter of H. Diskin, a wealthy Jew from Łódź. In the house of a rich uncle in Warsaw, he met and disputed with the greatest Talmudists of the age, including Joseph B. Soloveitchik (who became his disciple), Eugen Mittwoch, Yechiel Yaakov Weinberg, Yitzchak Elchanan Spektor, and Naftali Zvi Yehuda Berlin. He was a close friend of Chaim Ozer Grodzinski, Eliyahu Chaim Meisel, and Eliyahu Feinstein.
Heller received a doctorate from the University of Würzburg. After the death of Malkiel Tzvi Tenenbaum, the community of Łomża chose Heller to replace him. By this time Heller had already begun to publish well-received researches on the Septuagint and on Maimonides. Despite this, he soon left the rabbinate. Soloveitchik recalled that Heller told him that he was concerned that his position as community rabbi would require him to deal with soul-crushing concerns.
In November 1920, Heller came to New York to work on a new translation of the Hebrew Bible. Heller then went to Berlin, where he founded the Academy of Higher Jewish Learning in 1922 and led seminars which academically investigated Judaic literature. The school did not succeed, failing to find enough students which met its standards. Soloveitchik attended the classes, as did Abraham Aharon Price and (probably) Menachem Mendel Schneerson. In 1937, as the Nazis rose to power, Heller left for New York, where he continued his academic work while teaching at Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary. Heller was renowned for his ability to bring age-old stories to life. Soloveitchik had such respect for Heller that he would pause public lectures when he saw Heller arrive to help him with his coat and escort him to his seat. By the end of his life, Heller's voice had grown so weak that he could not lecture to groups even with the aid of a microphone. Instead, Soloveitchik would sit next to him and repeat his lectures verbatim to the crowd.
He was an honorary president of the Orthodox Union and the co-chair of the Rabbinical Council of America's Halakha Commission.
Heller died in 1960, leaving behind a wife and three daughters.
He is buried in Mount Judah cemetery in Ridgewood, Queens. His funeral was attended by hundreds of rabbis, led by Joseph B. Soloveitchik.
Roads in Rehovot and Givat Mordechai are named after him.
Academic work
Heller dealt with many diverse areas of Hebrew Bible, Talmud, and Halakha. In his research he sought to clarify texts with correct manuscript readings. In general his approach was conservative, but he did not shun modern investigations of Jewish and non-Jewish works. He saw his investigations of the ancient Biblical versions as a holy mission to prove the integrity of the Masoretic Text. He wrote fifteen books, mostly in Hebrew.
His works include an edition of Sefer HaMitzvot, a two-volume work on Shulchan Aruch, Choshen Mishpat entitled LeChikrei Halachot, Nusach HaShomroni, and other works.
References
Yeshiva University faculty
Polish rabbis
Biblical scholars
Talmudists
1879 births
1960 deaths
Irene Capek (28 December 1924 – 19 November 2006) was a Jewish Holocaust survivor, humanitarian and local Australian politician. She was the fourth ever female member of the Caulfield City Council, was the recipient of the Caulfield City Council Citizen of the Year award, and went on to become a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).
Early life
Capek was born Bedriska ‘Ishka' Lavecka (anglicised to 'Irene') to parents Anna and Emil Lavecka in Prague, Czechoslovakia on December 28, 1924. She lived with her parents until 1931, when her mother died from typhoid and her father, a travelling salesman and recovering World War 1 serviceman, placed her in the care of her grandmother. She was transferred to the care of a Prague orphanage in 1936 following the death of her grandmother, and to a nearby English boarding school soon after.
Holocaust
The German occupation of Czechoslovakia began with the annexation of the Sudetenland in 1938, and the subsequent establishment of Bohemia and Moravia as German protectorates in March 1939. Capek describes these early years of German occupation as 'gradual, and systematic'. Her persecution developed over the course of a three-year period, beginning with her removal from school, and progressing to her banishment from work and subsequent placement in a Jewish Youth Hostel. The situation changed dramatically with the assassination of German Nazi Officer Reinhard Heydrich in 1942. Heydrich's death saw a marked increase in transportations from Prague to Czechoslovakia's Theresienstadt Concentration Camp. By September 1942, Capek herself was bound for the camp. Capek remembered Theresienstadt 'in mixed terms'. She recalled the horror of finding her father malnourished and emaciated on her arrival there, and watched him die from pleurisy two days later. She recalled the inhumanity she felt in knowing that the old and sick were dying at the camp, and the scenes she witnessed in the early days as a cleaner in the camp's infirmary. By September 1944, she had met and become engaged to marry one of the camp's inhabitants, Igor ‘Sisi' Eisenberg. Upon learning that he and hundreds of the camp's other men were bound for Auschwitz, Capek and five hundred of the camp's women volunteered to join them. At the time, Capek recalled that the men and women of the camp thought they were being moved to 'assist with the war efforts'. Capek arrived at Auschwitz on 1 October 1944. Upon arrival, the leader of her group was shot and killed as she exited the train. The group were then gathered outside the gates of the camp, where they were separated into two groups by ‘a man in a white coat'. After entering the camp, Capek and her group were shaved, showered and dressed in dog collars and rags. Over the ensuing four weeks, Capek was woken every morning at 5:00 am for roll call and fed red beetroot in water. Amongst the horrors, she recalled witnessing German guards murder two Polish women, and people throwing themselves at the electrical fence. By her own account, she was 'lucky' to have arrived at Auschwitz as late in the war as she did. By 28 October 1944, Capek was being transported again, this time to the Kudowa-Sackisch concentration camp, where she remained for the duration of the war. She stated that the camp was run largely by 'female Gestapo officers', and was required to work as a machinist, grave digger and railway worker during her time there. At the end of the war, on 8 May 1945, Capek was marched by the Gestapo to the border of Czechoslovakia with the remainder of the camp's inhabitants. She was met by the townsfolk of Nachod, who took her and the remainder of the camp into their care as they recovered.
Post-War years
After the war, Capek returned to Prague and worked for the Red Cross, tending to the sick and dying who had returned from Europe's concentration camps. It was there that she learnt that her fiancé, Sisi, had died of dysentery soon after being transferred from Theresienstadt. It was also there that she re-united with Fred Capek. Fred and his late-wife Greta, who was murdered at Auschwitz, had been Capek's supervisors at the Jewish Youth Hostel she attended in Prague before the war. Within a year, Capek and Fred were married, and expecting their first son, John.
Migration to Australia
Three years later, fearing the Stalinisation of Europe, the Capeks fled from Prague to Australia. They arrived in Melbourne aboard the Cyreniaii on 5 April 1949. The years following their arrival were lean. For the first five years, the family lived in a converted garage. Irene worked as a cleaner and waitress, and Fred worked as a gardener and conveyor belt operator. Their fortunes changed when Fred, a mechanical engineer by trade, obtained work at a local engineering company. Employed to clean the company's European machinery, Fred took the liberty of designing machinery for the company in his free time, and eventually impressed his employers with a design for commercially harvesting sea-wood. He was given a job as an engineer, and his wages increased commensurably. In 1953, this allowed Irene, who had just given birth to the couple's second child, Annabelle, to quit her cleaning and waitressing jobs, and focus on her community endeavours.
Humanitarian work
With the challenges of settling in a new country fresh in her mind, Capek focused her efforts on migrant services. She began by attending the Port Melbourne docks, migrant hostels and local hospitals to hand out information to new arrivals. Sensing a need for a more concerted effort, she went on to establish the Prahran Migrant Advisory Service, and lobby government through her roles as an Executive Member of the Commonwealth and Victorian Migrant Advisory Councils. Her other appointments in migrant and community services included: United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund. Australian Auxiliary (Secretary and Treasurer); Good Neighbours Council (United Nations Delegate, and Vice President); Caulfield Community Services (foundation member); Commonwealth Council of the Ageing (Executive Member); United Nations Association of Australia (Executive Member); and Caulfield Citizens Advice Bureau (Member).
Election to the Caulfield City Council
Capek was elected as a councillor to the City of Caulfield in September 1977, making her the fourth woman to achieve this office. Ultimately, she served less than a year on the council, leaving office in June 1978 so that she could resume work with people at a more community level, and attend to family matters.
Honours
Capek's involvement in migrant welfare was recognised on 1 January 1973, when she was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire. Her appointment was formalised on 12 April 1973, when she attended Victoria's Government House to be vested with her insignia.
Capek was named the Caulfield City Council Citizen of the Year on 22 January 1988, the year of Australia's bicentenary celebrations.
References
1924 births
2006 deaths
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
Czechoslovak emigrants to Australia
Victoria (Australia) local councillors
Women local councillors in Australia
20th-century Australian politicians
20th-century Australian women politicians
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
Theresienstadt Ghetto survivors
People from Prague
Paavo Piironen (6 June 1943 in Helsinki – 6 November 1974) was a Finnish film and television actor, director and writer of the 1960s and early 1970s. He is perhaps best known for his work on the 1971 film comedy Saatanan radikaalit in which he starred and co-directed alongside Heikki Nousiainen, Timo Nissi and Heikki Huopainen.
He died in 1974 in a traffic accident.
Filmography
Tyttö ja hattu (1961)
Oksat pois... (1961)
Pikku Suorasuu (1962)
Pähkähullu Suomi (1967)
Lauantai (1967)
Speedy Gonzales - Noin 7 veljeksen poika (1970)
Akseli and Elina (1970)
Saatanan radikaalit (1971)
Kahdeksas veljes (1971)
External links
1943 births
1974 deaths
Male actors from Helsinki
Finnish writers
20th-century Finnish male actors
Writers from Helsinki
James Crace (born 1 March 1946) is an English writer and novelist. His novels include Quarantine, which was judged Whitbread Novel of 1998, and Harvest, which won the 2015 International Dublin Literary Award, the 2013 James Tait Black Memorial Prize, and was shortlisted for the 2013 Booker Prize.
Biography
Early life
Crace was born at Brocket Hall, Hertfordshire, while it was a maternity hospital. He grew up on an estate in Enfield, north London and attended Enfield Grammar School. He studied for a degree at the Birmingham College of Commerce (now part of Birmingham City University), where he was enrolled as an external student of the University of London. While at university, Crace edited and contributed to the Birmingham Sun, Aston University's student newspaper. He was awarded an external Bachelor of Arts in English Literature from the University of London in 1968.
Immediately after graduating from university, Crace joined Voluntary Services Overseas (VSO) and was sent to Khartoum, Sudan. He traveled through Africa and briefly taught at a village school called Kgosi Kgari Sechele Secondary School in Molepolole, Botswana. Two years later he returned to the UK, and worked for the BBC writing educational programmes.
Writing career
From 1976 to 1987, he worked as a freelance journalist, before giving up due to the excessive "political interference" he experienced at newspapers such as The Sunday Times.
In 1974 he published his first work of prose fiction, Annie, California Plates in The New Review, and in the next 10 years would write a number of short stories and radio plays, including:
Helter Skelter, Hang Sorrow, Care'll Kill a Cat, The New Review (December 1975). Reprinted in Cosmopolitan and included in Introduction 6: Stories by new writers, Faber and Faber (1977).
Refugees, winner of the Socialist Challenge short story competition (judges: John Fowles, Fay Weldon, Terry Eagleton), Socialist Challenge (1977).
Seven Ages, Quarto (June 1980), broadcast as Middling by BBC Radio 3.
The Bird Has Flown, radio play, broadcast on BBC Radio 4, 28 October 1976.
A Coat of Many Colours, radio play, broadcast on BBC Radio 4, 24 March 1979.
Continent, Crace's first book, was published in 1986. The book's sale to America enabled him to leave journalism and concentrate on writing books. Continent consists of seven stories united by their setting and themes. It won the Whitbread First Novel of the Year Award, the David Higham Prize for Fiction, and the Guardian Fiction prize. New York Times critic Robert Olen Butler called it "brilliant, provocative and delightful".
Follow-up book The Gift of Stones is set in a village in the Neolithic period, while Quarantine is set in the Judean desert, 2000 years ago. The latter book won the Whitbread Novel Award in 1997, and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize, as was his 2013 novel Harvest. He won the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1999, for Being Dead.
Personal life
Having lived many years in the Moseley area of Birmingham with his wife Pamela Turton, Crace now lives with her in rural Warwickshire. They have two children, Thomas Charles Crace (born 1981) and the actress Lauren Rose Crace (born 1986), who played Danielle Jones in EastEnders.
Awards and honours
1986: David Higham Prize for Fiction for Continent
1986: Guardian Fiction Prize for Continent
1986: Whitbread Award (First novel) for Continent
1988: Premio Antico Fattore
1989: GAP International Prize for Literature for The Gift of Stones
1992: American Academy of Arts and Letters E. M. Forster Award
1995: Winifred Holtby Memorial Prize for Signals of Distress
1997: Booker Prize shortlist for Quarantine
1997: Whitbread Award (Novel) for Quarantine
1999: National Book Critics Circle Award for Being Dead
2013: James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Harvest
2013: Booker Prize shortlist for Harvest
2014: Windham–Campbell Literature Prize (Fiction), valued at $150,000 one of the largest prizes in the world of its kind.
2015: International Dublin Literary Award for Harvest
Works
Continent (seven stories) (1986)
The Gift of Stones (1988)
Arcadia (1992)
Signals of Distress (1994)
The Slow Digestions of the Night (short stories) (1995)
Quarantine (1997)
Being Dead (1999)
The Devil's Larder (64 short pieces) (2001)
Six (2003) (published in the US as Genesis)
The Pesthouse (2007)
On Heat (2008)
All That Follows (2010)
Harvest (2013)
The Melody (2018)
Eden (2022)
References
Further reading
Peck, Dale. "The Devil You Know." Review of The Devil's Larder by Jim Crace. Hatchet Jobs. New York: The New Press, 2004. 133–49.
Tew, Philip. Jim Crace. Manchester: Manchester University Press, 2006.
Salon.com
External links
Jim-Crace.com – Original source for biography. Permission granted by Andrew Hewitt, webmaster
TehelkaTV interview with Jim Crace – The unimportance of literature, and Jim's experience of journalism, January 2011
The Poet of Prose – Jim Crace in interview with Three Monkeys Online
Jim Crace's Writer's Reflect at the Harry Ransom Center
1946 births
20th-century English male writers
20th-century English novelists
21st-century English male writers
21st-century English novelists
Alumni of Birmingham City University
Alumni of the University of London
Alumni of University of London Worldwide
English historical novelists
English male novelists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Iowa Writers' Workshop faculty
Living people
People educated at Enfield Grammar School
Writers from Birmingham, West Midlands
Writers of fiction set in prehistoric times
Drăganu is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Băcești, Drăganu-Olteni (the commune centre), Dumbrăvești and Prislopu Mare.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Balaenophilidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera:
Balaenophilus Aurivillius, 1879
References
Copepods
Brahmananda Narayana Multispeciality Hospital, Jamshedpur is a tertiary care hospital in the state of Jharkhand, India, operated by the Narayana Health group. The hospital provides cardiac surgery and cardiology, nephrology, an oncology outpatient department, general surgery, general medicine, gynaecology and dentistry. The hospital provides financial assistance to patients with the backing of local government organizations and NGOs for surgery and treatment.
The hospital was opened in July 2008 by Narayana Health and the Brahmananda Sewa Sadan Trust at Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, to treat patients across various socio-economic backgrounds. It was established and founded by the chairman of Narayana Health, cardiac surgeon, Dr. Devi Prasad Shetty.
The hospital provides the only epilepsy clinic in the city, and provides care for adults, the elderly and children. The hospital operates an ambulance with advanced cardiac life support (ACLS), a blood bank, a radiology department, 24/7 emergency and trauma services, 90 intensive care beds and five operating theatres.
External Links
Official Website
Google Business Profile
References
Hospitals in Jharkhand
Narayana Health
Hospitals established in 2008
2008 establishments in Jharkhand
The Top 100: NFL's Greatest Players was a ten-part television series that set out to determine the top 100 greatest NFL players of all time. It was presented by the NFL Network in 2010. The series was based on a list of the top 100 National Football League players of all time, as compiled by a "blue-ribbon" panel assembled by the NFL Network. The members of the panel were current and former NFL coaches, players, executives, and members of the media. Each episode, broadcast each Thursday from September 3 to November 4, 2010, introduced a group of 10 players from the list, with each nominee player presented and advocated for by a separate noteworthy individual in the world of sports and entertainment. It started with the players ranked 100 through 91, and moving up the list each week.
The final episode, premiering on November 4, 2010, introduced the top 10 players of all time according to the panel. Jerry Rice was chosen as the top player of all time, with Jim Brown as the second choice.
The list
† Only team(s) with major contribution.
See also
NFL Top 100
List of Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees
National Football League 75th Anniversary All-Time Team
National Football League 100th Anniversary All-Time Team
National Football League All-Decade Teams
References
External links
The Top 100 list: NFL's Greatest Players
National Football League records and achievements
National Football League television series
2010 in American football
National Football League lists
Tarucus rosacea, the Mediterranean Pierrot or Mediterranean tiger blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Mauritania, Senegal, the Gambia, Guinea, Burkina Faso, northern Ivory Coast, northern Ghana, northern Nigeria, Niger, northern Cameroon, Chad, Sudan, Ethiopia, northern Uganda, north-western Kenya, Somalia, Djibouti and Arabia. The habitat consists of Sudan savanna and the Sahel.
Adults feed from the flowers of Ziziphus species.
The larvae feed on Ziziphus jujuba. They are associated with ants of the Plagiolepis, Camponotus and Monomorium genera.
References
Butterflies described in 1885
Tarucus
Butterflies of Africa
John Bowes ('J.B.') Morrell (1873–1963) was an English author and historian. He was twice Lord Mayor of York, a leading figure in the local movement to establish a university in York, and founder of the York Conservation Trust. The J.B. Morrell Library at the University of York is named after him.
Biography
John Morrell's father was William Wilberforce Morrell (1837–1904), a bank manager in York, and the author of 'The History of Selby' which was illustrated by his sister Jemima. His mother, born Lydia Hutchinson (1832–1939) married the non-conformist Morrell, who was a Wesleyan Methodist, whilst it appears she was a Quaker. Their religiosity seems to have been behind John's activism in Liberal Politics from a young age.
In 1884 John attended Bootham School, a Quaker establishment. It was at this school where he was to meet his future colleagues at the Rowntree's family chocolate and confectionery company, Arnold Rowntree and Seebohm Rowntree.
Morrell joined Rowntree's Cocoa Works when he was 17, becoming Director at 24. He was Mayor of York in 1914 and again in 1950.
John Morrell married Bertha Spence Watson (1877–1954) in the Friends Meeting House at Newcastle-upon-Tyne in 1902. Her mother's Family Chronicles explained that in "1877 ... our Darling little Bertha was given to us on the 18th of May. I recovered nicely, & the new baby, like all of her sisters in turn before her, was much made of, & considered the greatest treasure ..."
He bought many newspapers, including the Birmingham Gazette, Lincolnshire Chronicle, and Westminster Press.
Historian of York
He wrote several books about York. He was made an Honorary Freeman of the City of York, given honorary degrees and declined a knighthood. He was a Life Vice-President of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society and co-founder and first chairman of the York Civic Trust.
York Conservation Trust
The York Conservation Trust (YCT) was formed as Ings Property Company Limited in 1945 by JBM and his brother Cuthbert Morrell, who had both been buying medieval properties in York for many years, which they restored and rehabilitated, together with Dr Morrell's son Mr William Bowes Morrell. In 1976 they bequeathed all the properties in the company to the current registered charity, York Conservation Trust Limited.
Legacy
A plaque to Morrell is on the exterior of 111 Walmgate, also known as Bowes Morrell House. The library, built on the campus of the University of York was named after Morrell in 1966.
Select publications
Morrell, J.B. 1928. How York Governs Itself: Civic Government as Illustrated by the County of the City of York.
Morrell, J.B. and Watson, A.G. (eds) 1933. Whitehall at York. How York is governed by the ministers of the Crown.
Morrell, J.B. 1944. York Monuments (The Arts and Crafts in York).
Morrell, J.B. 1947. The Biography of the Common Man of the City of York as recorded in his epitaph.
Morrell, J.B 1949. Woodwork in York.
Morrell, J.B 1955. “The City of Our Dreams”.
References
People associated with the University of York
1873 births
1963 deaths
Lord Mayors of York
Members of the Yorkshire Philosophical Society
CPCe (Coral Point Count with Excel extensions) is Windows-based software that provides a tool for the determination of coral cover using transect photographs. A specified number of spatially random points are distributed on a quadrat image, and coral species lying under these points are identified. Microsoft Excel spreadsheets can be created automatically to further analyze the data. Users can create their own customized code files pertinent to their region of interest.
Additionally, CPCe can be used for image calibration and area analysis of benthic features. Excel sheets are automatically generated to summarize the area calculations for each image.
There are an estimated 3,500 users of CPCe worldwide. CPCe is provided by the National Coral Reef Institute as freeware to researchers from scientific institutions.
References
Kohler, K.E. and S.M. Gill, 2006. Coral Point Count with Excel extensions (CPCe): A Visual Basic program for the determination of coral and substrate coverage using random point count methodology. Computers and Geosciences, Vol. 32, No. 9, pp. 1259–1269, . (Article PDF)
External links
CPCe Homepage
Science software for Windows
Cornesia ormoperla is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Zambia, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, South Africa and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The length of the forewings is 7–8 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange yellow suffused with orange brown. The pattern is dark orange brown, consisting of a series of costal spots and terminal suffusion. There are transverse rows of large groups of erect scales and several rounded refractive spots. The hindwings are brownish, mixed with orange, but paler basally.
References
Moths described in 1981
Tortricini
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lepidoptera of West Africa
Lepidoptera of Zambia
Insects of Zimbabwe
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) is a scientific institution based in Pune, Maharashtra, India for expanding research in the tropical Indian Ocean with special reference to monsoon meteorology, and air-sea interaction of South Asian climate. It is an Autonomous Institute of the Ministry of Earth Sciences, Government of India.
History
As proposed in the third five-year plan of India, the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) was founded as the Institute of Tropical Meteorology on 17 November 1962 at Pune as an individual unit of the India Meteorological Department (IMD), the main organization responsible for meteorological observations, weather forecasts, and detecting earthquakes in India.
On the recommendation of the Committee for Organization of Scientific Research of the Government of India, the Institute of Tropical Meteorology was then made an autonomous institution under the new name, Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, on 1 April 1971.
Until 1984, it worked under the Ministry of Tourism and Civil Aviation. In 1985, it was taken by the Department of Science and Technology/Ministry of Science and Technology. As per the notification No. O.M. No.25/10/2006 dated 19 July 2006 by the President of India, the institute has been put under the control of the Ministry of Earth Sciences (MoES) with effect from 12 July 2006.
Academics
The institute offers a M.Sc., M.Tech. and Ph.D. courses jointly under the aegis of the Department of Atmospheric and Space Sciences, University of Pune. Apart from degree-courses, students can also apply for summer or master's thesis projects to individual scientists based on their research.
Computational facility
Adithya HPC, one of the largest computational capacities of India, is located at IITM. It is a common facility for all MoES institutions.
Pratyush or Prathyush (Hindi: प्रत्यूष, meaning "first light on the sky before rising the Sun") is a supercomputer designed and developed by IITM, Pune. As of January 2018, Pratyush is the fastest supercomputer in India, with a maximum speed of 6.8 petaflops.
The system was inaugurated by Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Union Minister for science and technology, on 8 January 2018.
Pratyush consists of two High-Performance Computing (HPC) units. They are located at two government institutes: 4.0 petaflops unit at IITM, Pune; and 2.8 petaflops unit at the National Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasting (NCMRWF), Noida. Pratyush uses both units and provides a combined output of 6.8 PetaFlops.
Pratyush is used in the fields of weather forecasting and climate monitoring in India. It helps the country to make better forecasts in terms of monsoon; fishing; air quality; extreme events like a tsunami, cyclones, earthquakes, and lightning; and other natural calamities such as floods and droughts.
India is the fourth country in the world to have a High-Performance Computing facility dedicated to weather and climate research, after Japan, the United States and the United Kingdom.
References
External links
Website of the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology
India Meteorological Department
Research institutes in Pune
Research institutes established in 1962
1962 establishments in Maharashtra
SIATT is a Brazilian company headquartered in São José dos Campos, São Paulo. It is a company focused on high-tech market, especially for the defense industry.
The company was founded on 2015 as Mectron through an association of engineers from other companies in the sector in São José dos Campos. Among its main products are radars, weapons, missiles, PGMs and simulators.
After the founders of Mectron moved away from the company, the company named SIATT was established based on former Mectron.
Products
Tailchute Recovery System for the Embraer E-Jet family.
MAA-1A Piranha: Missile air-air short-range infrared guidance.
MAA-1B Piranha: The project is no longer under development, it would be a 4.5 generation missile, but according to the 2017 annual report from Brazilian Air Force (FAB), after spending R$ 50.631.057,22 (CE NOV04) the project were decommissioned.
A-Darter (missile): A project that is being developed by Brazil, and Denel Dynamics of the South Africa.
MAN-1 (MANSUP): Developing jointly with the Avibras for the Brazilian Navy. Is anti-ship missile with a range 80–100 km.
TP-1 TPNer first Brazilian national torpedo.
MAR-1: Anti-radiation missile.
MSS-1.2AC: Anti-Tank Missile with laser guidance and medium-range (3 km).
Precision-guided munition In development with Britanite Defence System for Brazilian Air Force, guided by Inertial navigation system, GPS or Glonass.
SMKB-82 ACAUAN: Guided bombs.
SMKB-83 ACAUAN: Guided bombs.
SCP-01 Scipio: Radar that will be used in modernizing of Brazil's Fighter AMX A-1M.
References
External links
Companies based in São Paulo (state)
Defence companies of Brazil
Aerospace companies of Brazil
Brazilian brands
Odebrecht
Organisations based in São José dos Campos
Technology companies established in 1991
Brazilian companies established in 1991
This is a list of the known varieties of snakes in Arkansas
Non-venomous
Venomous
See also
List of snakes by state (U.S.)
Snakes
Arkansas
"Big League" is a song by Tom Cochrane and Red Rider, released in 1988 on the album Victory Day. One of the band's most successful and popular singles, the song was a charting hit in both Canada and the United States, peaking at #4 in the Canadian RPM Hot 100 and #9 in the American Billboard Rock Tracks chart.
In 2018, Cochrane released a new solo recording of the song as a charity single to benefit the victims and survivors of the Humboldt Broncos bus crash.
Background
The song is told from the "voice of an anguished hockey parent from an unidentified northern town", whose son had earned a scholarship with a U.S. team before being killed when a truck travelling in the wrong lane crashed into his car.
While the song is fictional, Cochrane has said it was inspired by a custodian who approached him before a show at a rink and requested Cochrane play his son's favourite song, "Boy Inside the Man" from the band's 1986 self-titled album. He noticed the man was using the past tense, and as the conversation continued, Cochrane understood that the father's son had died.
The story resonated with Cochrane, who said he began to write a song that crafted a stronger hockey narrative and thematic elements of mortality around the basis of his encounter with the father. The singer spent less than half an hour forming the basic structure, which he wrote with only a tape recorder, a guitar and a notepad in a rented bungalow in Mississauga, Ontario.
Reception
"Big League" was well received upon release, with the Ottawa Citizen praising Cochrane's song, calling him "hockey's man of the moment". It has become one of the band's signature songs, and still gets frequent airplay on classic rock radio stations around the world.
The song was also featured in a fifth-season episode of Miami Vice called "Hard Knocks", which was first broadcast in early 1989.
Accolades
"Big League" was nominated for the Juno Award for Single of the Year in 1989, and won the SOCAN Award for Best Rock Song. British Columbia radio station CKKQ-FM "the Q" compiled a list of the 150 Best Canadian Songs of All Time, in honour of Canada Day in 2017, where "Big League" was ranked at #11. In 2006, CBC released a list of the "Top 10 Hockey Songs", where "Big League" ranked #3, behind only "Fifty Mission Caps" by The Tragically Hip and "The Hockey Song" by Tom Connors.
Legacy
"Big League" has been used in a number of forms to honour young Canadian hockey players whose lives were cut short.
The song has become an enduring part of hockey lore in Canada, particularly for junior hockey teams, whose communities helped build legends and rumours around its origins. Some suggested it was based on the life of George Pelawa, an 18-year-old high school hockey right winger from Bemidji, Minnesota. He was killed in a car accident months after he was selected 16th overall for the Calgary Flames in 1986.
Another theory suggested the song was drawn from a separate 1986 accident involving a bus carrying the Swift Current Broncos, which skidded off the road after hitting a patch of black ice. Four players were killed in the crash, including Brent Ruff, the younger brother of Buffalo Sabres captain Lindy Ruff.
Pat Quinn played the song in the Vancouver Canucks dressing room when he was coach, according to Cochrane. The Canucks also used the song in a campaign video for player Trevor Linden's candidacy for the Calder Trophy as NHL rookie of the year.
Samir Kadri, the father of Colorado Avalanche centre Nazem Kadri, has said the song came on the radio as he was driving to the delivery ward, which he considered an omen for his son's future career.
"Big League" has also commonly been used in tributes to fallen hockey players. It was played at a December 1988 arena memorial service for three players and the coach of a junior hockey team in Alberta who were killed when their car collided with a train near Calgary. It was also the team's theme song.
Cochrane performed an acoustic version of Big League during a televised memorial tribute to Luc Bourdon, the Canucks defenceman who was killed in a motorcycle accident in May 2008. Bourdon's family had requested he performs the song before the opening face-off of the Canucks' first home game.
Canadian singer-songwriter Del Barber recorded a cover of the song for his 2016 hockey themed album The Puck Drops Here.
In 2018, "Big League" reappeared again as Canadians mourned the deaths of 16 people in Humboldt Broncos bus crash in Saskatchewan. A semi-trailer collided with a bus carrying the youth hockey team, injuring 13 others.
One YouTuber asked Cochrane for permission to use the song in a tribute video to the players.
Four days after the Humboldt Broncos crash, Cochrane appeared on Canadian sports network TSN to perform an acoustic version of the song before hockey coverage began. He updated the lyrics to imply the players were "riding to immortality" and placed an emphasis on the unpredictability of life. Eight days later, he released a studio recording of the reworked version as a charity single, with sales proceeds directed to the Humboldt Strong Community Foundation.
References
1988 singles
Red Rider songs
Songs written by Tom Cochrane
Songs about hockey players
Ice hockey music
2018 singles
1988 songs
The 2005 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach was the first round of the 2005 Bridgestone Presents the Champ Car World Series Powered by Ford season, held on April 10, 2005 on the streets of Long Beach, California. Paul Tracy was the polesitter and the race winner was Sébastien Bourdais.
Qualifying results
Race
Caution flags
Lap leaders
Average Speed 89.811 mph
External links
Full Weekend Times & Results
Friday Qualifying Results
Saturday Qualifying Results
Race Box Score
Long Beach
Grand Prix of Long Beach
Toyota Grand Prix
On My Way & Shoutin' Again! is an album released by pianist, composer and bandleader Count Basie featuring compositions by Neal Hefti recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Verve label.
Reception
Down Beat critic Harvey Pekar commented in his February 28, 1963 review: "... generally fine solo work and several admirable Hefti scores plus Basie's inevitably strong rhythm section - all of which adds up to a very good album." AllMusic reviewer Michael G. Nastos described the album as "A solid and worthwhile album that has been out of print for far too long, this will be a welcome addition to any Basie lover's collection, and comes highly recommended to anyone even mildly interested in excellent large-ensemble mainstream jazz".
Track listing
All compositions by Neal Hefti
"I'm Shoutin' Again" - 3:50
"Ducky Bumps" - 3:35
"The Long Night" - 3:42
"Jump for Johnny" - 3:16
"Ain't That Right" - 2:50
"Together Again" - 2:44
"Shanghaied" - 3:33
"Skippin' with Skitch" - 4:02
"Eee Dee" - 3:03
"Rose Bud" - 3:38
Personnel
Count Basie - piano
Al Aarons, Sonny Cohn, Thad Jones, Fip Ricard, Ernie Royal - trumpet
Henry Coker, Grover Mitchell, Benny Powell - trombone
Marshal Royal - alto saxophone, clarinet
Frank Wess - alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, flute
Eric Dixon - tenor saxophone, flute
Frank Foster, - tenor saxophone
Charlie Fowlkes - baritone saxophone, flute
Freddie Green - guitar
Buddy Catlett - bass
Sonny Payne - drums
References
1962 albums
Count Basie Orchestra albums
Verve Records albums
Albums arranged by Neal Hefti
The Frankston Independent School District is a public school district based in Frankston, Texas (USA).
The district is located in northeastern Anderson County and extends into southeastern Henderson County, including the town of Berryville and some of the town of Coffee City.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Frankston ISD has three schools:
Frankston High School (Grades 9-12)
Frankston Middle School (Grades 6-8)
Frankston Elementary School (Grades PK-5)
References
External links
School districts in Anderson County, Texas
School districts in Henderson County, Texas
Drew Brads (born August 12, 1999) is an American Rubik's cube speedsolver. Brad has amassed the highest career earnings of any acting professional “cuber”. Though the exact dollar amount is unknown, it's rumored to be in the high four figures. Professional cubing referee Christopher Taber, speaking in his capacity as a private citizen, has intimated that Brads purchased a used 2009 Toyota Corolla with his winnings - making him the mac daddy of cubists.
Education
Brads graduated as valedictorian from Legacy Christian Academy in 2018.
Rubik's Cube Competitions
He has set six of the last eight world records for fastest average of five Pyraminx solves (excluding fastest and slowest). Brads formerly held the world record single Pyraminx solve with his 1.32 second solve on 24 October 2015 at Lexington Fall 2015. The single is now held by Dominik Górny and the average record is now held by Tymon Kolasiński, both people are from Poland.
Brads also held the North American record 3x3x3 solve, 4.76 seconds, set on 4 March 2017 at Bluegrass Spring 2017. This places him 0.54 seconds behind the world record and 0.07 seconds behind the new North American record.
Brads is a 3-time US national Pyraminx champion (2014, 2015, and 2017) and 2-time world Pyraminx world champion (2013 and 2017). Between 11 December 2011 and 30 July 2016 Brads competed in Pyraminx in 19 competitions, including two US National Championships, and took first in every round of competition. Since 2011, the only competition he has lost in Pyraminx is US Nationals 2016, in which he won the first three rounds but took second in the final. At US Nationals 2015, Brads won 3x3x3 and Skewb in addition to Pyraminx.
References
Living people
1999 births
American speedcubers
Balai of Qenneshrin (), was a Syriac saint who lived in Qinnasrin in the 5th century CE.
Very little is known about his early life. It has been suggested that he might have been a native of Edessa who later moved to Qinnasrin after being ordained a monk.
A collection of sermons is attributed to him as well as a number of hymns found in Beth Gazo.
References
Syriac writers
David Lee Orr is an American entrepreneur and social media influencer from Effingham, Illinois. While attending the University of Arizona, Orr was branded an “influencer” by Fast Company magazine for his use of Twitter accounts.
While a teenager, Orr founded the e-commerce website fruper.com and following college he began to focus on social media marketing, primarily via Twitter. This involved posting on various platforms detailing his personal travel exploits as well as running several parody and humor accounts.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Effingham, Illinois
University of Arizona alumni
Social media influencers
American Internet company founders
Lionel Keir Robinson (1897 - 9 November 1983) was an antiquarian bookseller and president of the Antiquarian Booksellers Association. He was awarded the Military Cross during the First World War for conspicuous gallantry in continuing to perform his duties despite being under fire and having been gassed by the enemy.
Military service
He served in the Royal Garrison Artillery and the 2nd Australian Siege Artillery Battery during the First World War as a Second Lieutenant and in 1918 was awarded the Military Cross for "conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty". His citation read:
This officer was in a forward observation post for twenty-four hours preceding an enemy attack. Notwithstanding a heavy shell and machine-gun barrage and being badly "gassed" he remained at his post, transmitting valuable information to his battery that enabled them to direct their fire on the enemy in the most effective manner."
He was captured with some Australian soldiers in Belgium and after the war wrote to them in Australia to inquire about their well-being and to say that he had recommended them for a medal.
Later life
After the war, Robinson became an antiquarian bookseller, becoming president of the Antiquarian Booksellers Association from 1938 to 1942. In 1946, he and his brother Philip, raised £20,000 of their own capital and £80,000 from an investment bank to purchase the remainder of the Phillipps Collection of books and manuscripts from Alan Fenwick, inherited from his father Thomas Fenwick and passed down from Sir Thomas Phillipps. (See A. L. Munby, Phillipps Studies Book V and below). From 1960 he lived at Redwalls on the south side of Beech Hill near Beech Hill Park in Hadley Wood, Hertfordshire, when he executed a deed relating to the "residue" of the manuscripts of the nineteenth century bibliomaniac Sir Thomas Phillipps. Between 1946 and 1957 when the Robinson Brothers retired, they owned an antiquarian bookshop in Pall Mall. After retirement, they spent time examining and sorting many of the remaining books from the collection of Thomas Phillipps and sending them to auction. In 1976 he was made a commander of the Order of the British Empire for charity work. He married Kathleen (Kay) Sproat. Robinson died on 9 November 1983 and is buried at Southgate Cemetery with his wife.
References
1897 births
1983 deaths
Recipients of the Military Cross
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Royal Garrison Artillery officers
British Army personnel of World War I
Antiquarian booksellers
Hadley Wood
Burials in England
Alishan Sharafu (born 10 January 2003) is an Emirati cricketer. He was named in the United Arab Emirates squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In their plate semi-final match against Nigeria, Sharafu scored an unbeaten 59 runs and was named the man of the match. He made his Twenty20 International (T20I) debut for the United Arab Emirates on 23 February 2020, against Iran, in the 2020 ACC Western Region T20 tournament.
In December 2020, he was one of ten cricketers to be awarded with a year-long part-time contract by the Emirates Cricket Board. In January 2021, he was named in the UAE's One Day International (ODI) squad to play against Ireland. He made his ODI debut for the UAE, against Ireland, on 8 January 2021. However, the following day he tested positive for COVID-19, resulting in the next ODI match being rescheduled.
In January 2022, he was named as the captain of the UAE's team for the 2022 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup in the West Indies.
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
Emirati cricketers
United Arab Emirates One Day International cricketers
United Arab Emirates Twenty20 International cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Ogea are a Papuan people from Madang Province of Papua New Guinea speaking the Ogea language. They live in the four villages of Garima, Dogia, Balama, and Erima, bounded by the Gogol and Yawor rivers, and Astrolabe Bay. The first recorded contact with the Ogea by a European was by the Russian scientist, Nicholai Nicholaevich Miklukho-Maklai, who described visits to several Ogea villages between 1871 and 1883 in his diary. Ogea has at least one Russian loanword, "sapora" ('axe, hatchet') evidence perhaps that Miklukho-Maklai introduced metal to the Ogea.
References
Madang Province
Ethnic groups in Papua New Guinea
Tjala Arts, formerly known as Minymaku Arts, is an Aboriginal Australian-owned and -managed arts centre located in the remote community of Amata in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in the remote north-west of South Australia.
History
Tjala Arts was started by women from Amata in 1997 and was originally called Minymaku Arts (meaning "Women's Arts"), until it was renamed in 2006 to better reflect the increasing involvement of men in the operation of the centre. Tjala is the Pitjantjatjara word for honey ant, which is both a traditional bush food and one of the creation stories for the Amata area.
Description
Tjala Arts supports and showcases the work of local artists, including work from the homelands surrounding Amata, in the Musgrave Ranges.
Tjala Arts prioritises cultural strength and ownership. The collective believes the power in the art is "not for sale" and not for interpretation without their permission. This ownership is important to maintaining and building cultural strength and generating job and income. As senior artist Frank Young said: "Nganampa Art Nganana walytjanguku Business palyanu. Munula Tjukurpa kunpu kanyini - Our Art. Our Business. Keeps our culture strong".
Tjala artists use a variety of mediums, including acrylic paint on linen, punu (wood), tjanpi (fibre weaving; often in conjunction with Tjanpi Desert Weavers) and new media arts including photography, film and sound work. Tjala artists are known for their energetic work and rich colourful palette and, in their work, artists explore their Tjukurpa (Dreaming).
Tjala Arts is part of the APY Art Centre Collective.
Tjala artists have been acquired by many high profile collectors and prestigious Australian cultural institutions including; The National Gallery of Australia, The Art Gallery of New South Wales, The National Gallery of Victoria and Art Gallery of South Australia.
Artists
Artists represented by, or previously represented by Tjala Arts include:
Freda Brady
Hector Burton
Nyurpaya Kaika Burton
Wawiriya Burton
Rhonda Dick
Ray Ken
Sandra Ken
Sylvia Ken
Tjungkara Ken
Barbara Mbitjana Moore
Tiger Palpatja
Maringka Tunkin
Ruby Tjangawa Williamson
Anwar Young
Frank Young
Yaritji Young
References
Further reading
External links
Australian artist groups and collectives
