Archips taiwanensis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Taiwan.
References
Moths described in 1985
Archips
Moths of Taiwan
In the United States, a Certified Nurse-Midwife (CNM) is a nurse midwife who exceeds the International Confederation of Midwives essential competencies for a midwife and is also an advanced practice registered nurse, having completed registered nursing and midwifery education leading to practice as a nurse midwife and credentialing as a Certified Nurse-Midwife. CNMs provide care of women across their lifespan, including pregnancy and the postpartum period, and well woman care and birth control. Certified Nurse-Midwives are exceptionally recognized by the International Confederation of Midwives as a type of midwife in the U.S.
Education and training
The American College of Nurse-Midwives accredits midwifery education programs and serves as the national specialty society for the nation's CNMs and Certified Midwives (CMs). CNMs in most states are required to
possess a minimum of a graduate degree, such as the Master of Science in Nursing or Master of Science in Midwifery or a Doctorate of Nursing Practice or a Doctorate in Midwifery.
pass the NCLEX examination to become a registered nurse.
pass the American Midwifery Certification Board exam.
hold a state license to practice midwifery or nurse-midwifery.
keep up to date on latest knowledge as pertains to their field.
Practice
CNMs function as primary healthcare providers for women and most often provide medical care for relatively healthy women, whose health and births are considered uncomplicated and not "high risk," as well as their neonates. Often, women with high risk pregnancies can receive the benefits of midwifery care from a CNM in collaboration with a physician. CNMs may work closely or in collaboration with an obstetrician & gynecologist, who provides consultation and/or assistance to patients who develop complications or have complex medical histories or disease(s). CNMs provide health care for sexual health, as they also see women for routine exams and are able to initiate all types of contraception.
CNMs practice in hospitals and private practice medical clinics and may also deliver babies in birthing centers and attend at-home births. Some work with academic institutions as professors. They are able to prescribe medications, treatments, medical devices, therapeutic and diagnostic measures. CNMs are able to provide medical care to women from puberty through menopause, including care for their newborn (neonatology), antepartum, intrapartum, postpartum and nonsurgical gynecological care. In some cases, CNMs may also provide care to the male partner, in areas of sexually transmitted diseases and reproductive health, of their female patients. In the United States, fewer than 1% of nurse midwives are men.
See also
Mary Breckinridge, Founder of Frontier Nursing Service
Childbirth
Doula
Nurse practitioner
Obstetrical nursing
References
Nursing credentials and certifications
Midwifery in the United States
Advanced practice registered nursing
Raminfar is a Persian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Iraj Raminfar (born 1949), Persian art director, production designer, and costume designer
Rima Raminfar (born 1970), Iranian actor and screenwriter
Persian-language surnames
Hasdümen, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Seona is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 75, all Bosniaks.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
The Burkinabé Red Cross Society was founded in 1961. It is headquartered in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.
External links
Official website
Burkinabé Red Cross Society Profile
Official Red Cross Web Site
1961 establishments in Upper Volta
Medical and health organisations based in Burkina Faso
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
Organizations established in 1961
Johan Huges (30 August 1904 – 4 January 1986) was a Dutch rower. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in round two.
References
1904 births
1986 deaths
Dutch male rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Rowers from Amsterdam
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Dutch people
McFarland Mall was a regional L-shaped shopping mall on Skyland Boulevard (U.S. Route 11) in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Located near the interchange of Interstate 20/59 with McFarland Boulevard (U.S. Route 82), it was in the southern section of the city. Opening on February 19, 1969, the mall replaced Woods Square Shopping Center and Leland Shopping Center as the main commercial retail center in the Tuscaloosa area. Brandon Crawford and Associates of Birmingham was the architect for the mall. General contractor for the project was N.C. Morgan Construction Company of Tuscaloosa. McGiffert and Associates of Tuscaloosa provided the engineering services for the mall.
At its opening in 1969, McFarland Mall had 2 anchor stores, Woolco and Gayfers and 30 stores. At its height, McFarland Mall had 4 anchors, 40 stores, a 12-screen movie theater and a food court. Despite the opening of the larger University Mall in 1980, the mall survived an additional 30 years. However, the mall saw a steady 10-year decline during the 2000s following the closing of two anchors. Redevelopment was slated for 2013.
History
The grand opening of McFarland Mall was at 9:30 am on Wednesday, February 19, 1969. Tuscaloosa Mayor George Van Tassel and Tuscaloosa County Probate Judge John Puryear held the ribbon at the mall's main entrance. Mary Katherine Hinton, 7, and Elizabeth Russell Hinton, 5, daughters of co-developer, James "Jimmy" Hinton, cut the ribbon, signaling the opening of the mall.
Stores opening that day included: The ABC (Alabama Beverage Control) Store, Auto-Lec, Bell Shoes, Butler's Shoes, City National Bank, Drapery Shop (Drapes, Inc.), Eleanor Shop, Fair Snacks, Gayfers, Gilberg's Fabrics, Lawson's Gifts, Lorch's Diamond Shop, Mall Barber Shop, Mall Shoe Repair, McArthur Furniture, Munford Do-It-Yourself, Myrl's Boutique, Newsom Record Shop, Northington Laundry, Orange Julius, Paul Brown Hallmark Cards Shop, Pizitz, Postle Appliance Center, Raymon's, Singer Sewing Center, U.S. Post Office, Wagner's Shoes, Webster's Men's Wear, and WTBC Radio Station.
Stores scheduled to open later were: Baskin Robbins, Chuck Collins Studio, Color Corner Photo Service, Jacobs Drug and Cafeteria, Lee Roy Jordan's Flaming Steakhouse, Loft Candy, NGC Twin Theaters, Spiller's Pet Center, and The Swiss Colony.
Ward Morrow McFarland, son of co-developer, Ward W. McFarland, was the appointed mall manager.
The center was originally developed at an estimated $4.5 million by Ward Wharton McFarland and James Hinton. When it opened, McFarland Mall was the sixth fully enclosed mall constructed in the state of Alabama after Eastwood Mall in Birmingham, Heart of Huntsville Mall and The Mall in Huntsville, Bel Air Mall in Mobile and Southgate Mall in Muscle Shoals. Gayfers, Woolco (which had opened in November 1967), and Winn-Dixie (which had opened in an out-parcel in 1968) anchored the one-story new mall. Gayfers added a second floor to its store in 1975 and remained the only two-story tenant. Woolco closed in 1983 and was replaced by Zayre that same year. Following the demise of Zayre in 1989, the anchor space was divided into several smaller spaces. Jefferson Home Furniture (later Heilig-Meyers), T.J. Maxx and Drug Mart moved into the spaces, of which only T.J. Maxx opened out into the mall.
The mall saw significant renovations in 1980 and again in 1993, with the addition of a 320-seat food court under an enormous atrium and a new anchor space, occupied by Goody's Family Clothing. Winn-Dixie moved away from the mall and book retailer Books-a-Million moved into the out-parcel. Drug Mart became Shoe Station, and a Crafts, Etc. (later Michaels) store opened between Drug Mart and Heilig-Meyers in 1993. Heilig-Meyers closed in 2001 and was replaced by Sticks 'N' Stuff. Gayfers was acquired by Dillard's in 1998. The theaters closed in 2005.
The mall remained under the ownership of the McFarland family through 2009. In May 2009, it was announced that Tuscaloosa developer Stan Pate had purchased the mall from Ward McFarland, Inc. ending the McFarland family association with the facility. The new owners have declared that they will be looking at many options to make the facility more profitable, from future renovations to completely demolishing the structure and building anew. McFarland is the second oldest enclosed mall in the state of Alabama with only Bel Air Mall being constructed earlier.
Following the closure of Dillard's in 2008 and Goody's the following year, the only remaining anchor was T.J. Maxx. The Dillard's wing was blocked off to the public in 2010.
Redevelopment
In December 2012, Stan Pate announced development plans to start sometime in 2013. Under these plans, most of the mall would have been demolished, including the former Dillard's building. Cheddar's Casual Café and Texas Roadhouse were also announced, and Books-A-Million was slated to move from an existing outparcel. Bed Bath & Beyond had also expressed interest in building a store on the property, which was to be renamed Encore Tuscaloosa. Cheddar's opened in April 2013; however, Books-a-Million closed their store in May 2013.
On March 19, 2014, the demolition commenced on the Dillards anchor store. The T.J. Maxx wing remained open with 3 indoor tenants and 3 tenants accessible from the exterior. As of June 15, 2015, T.J. Maxx, Classy Threads, and IT'S Fashion remained inside, but IT's Fashion would move to University Mall later that year. Outside retailers that are currently open are Dollar Tree (housed in the old Piccadilly Cafeteria location), Harry's Barber Shop, and one other discount store. On March 1, 2016, T.J. Maxx left the mall and moved to McFarland Plaza in the former OfficeMax location.
Shoe Station would also close and move to McFarland Plaza (in the former Shoe Carnival location) around the same time. Cheddar's closed later in 2016.
The former Sticks 'N' Stuff hosted Spirit Halloween every year around the Halloween season until 2020, when it also moved to University Mall, taking over the former Sears anchor space. The former Books-A-Million hosted a antique shop called "Roadside Antiques", which sold a lot of stuff some of which was formerly owned by Pate. The former Cheddar's is now a Chinese buffet restaurant called "Asuka Buffet". As of April 2022, Dollar Tree is the only remaining business open in McFarland Mall.
On December 15, 2020, the demolition process began once again, starting with the former Chili's. Stan Pate's plan is to build a sportsplex over where the mall once stood. Demolition continued on February 23, 2021, with the old Woolco wing where Sticks ‘N' Stuff, Michael's, Shoe Station, and TJ Maxx were housed for many years.
The process was concluded with the demolition of the former Goody's on April 20, 2022.
References
General
Specific
Shopping malls established in 1969
Defunct shopping malls in the United States
Shopping malls disestablished in 2016
1969 establishments in Alabama
Shopping malls in Alabama
Buildings and structures in Tuscaloosa, Alabama
2014 disestablishments in Alabama
The 1924 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1924 college football season. In their third year under head coach Francis Schmidt, the Razorbacks compiled a 7–2–1 record (1–2–1 against SWC opponents), finished in seventh place in the SWC, and outscored all opponents by a combined total of 227 to 69.
Schedule
References
Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks football seasons
Arkansas Razorbacks football
Stephen Young (born Stephen Levy; May 19, 1939) is a Canadian actor.
Biography
Young was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada to a financier father. Directly following high school at Forest Hill Collegiate Institute where he was student president, he signed with the Cleveland Indians, but his professional bid ended when he seriously injured his knee playing ice hockey. He spent the next few years as a salesman, then wound up in radio and TV commercial production.
While travelling with a friend on a European excursion in the early 1960s, Young by chance got a bit part in the epic Cleopatra, then landed similar minor assignments in such other European-filmed epics as 55 Days at Peking, The Leopard, The Fall of the Roman Empire and The Thin Red Line.
Upon returning to Toronto, Young decided to become a full-time actor, originally billing himself under his birth name and appearing in leads on both daytime and primetime TV dramas. He headed the cast of the Canadian adventure series Seaway.
Moving to Hollywood in 1966, he subsequently starred as young lawyer Ben Caldwell, assistant to high-profile criminal attorney Clinton Judd (Carl Betz) in the drama Judd, for the Defense. The series was abruptly cancelled after only two seasons. Stephen Young also co-starred in the cult science fiction TV series The Starlost (episode #11-'Astro-Medics') in 1973.
Young progressed to high-ranking character actor, working in such films as Patton, Soylent Green, and The Silent Partner with appearances in lower-budget projects like The Mask of Sheba, Rage, and Lifeguard. He continued to return to Canada from time to time, where he played leads in the low-budget horror thrillers The Clown Murders and Deadline. Young also briefly hosted a 1980s Canadian game show, Just Like Mom.
Young slowed his activity entering the millennium, with his final appearance in the 2013 low budget independent film The Angel Inn.
Filmography
55 Days at Peking (1963) as Dying British Marine (uncredited)
The Thin Red Line (1964) as Stack
Don't Forget to Wipe the Blood Off (1966) (two part episodes of Seaway released as a feature film)
The President's Analyst (1967) as Man in Suit Killed With a Knife in the Beginning of the Movie (uncredited)
John and Mary (1969) as Daytime Bartender (uncredited)
Patton (1970) as Captain Chester B. Hansen
Rage (1972) as Maj. Reintz
Soylent Green (1973) as Gilbert
Breaking Point (1976) as Peter Stratas
Lifeguard (1976) as Larry
The Clown Murders (1976) as Charlie
Hawaii Five-O "To Die in Paradise" (1977) as Quincy
The Little Dragons (1979) as Lunsford
Hart to Hart "Homemade Murder" (1981) as Sergeant Cosgrove
Spring Fever (1982) as Neil Berryman
Deadline (1984) as Steven Lessey
Not Another Mistake (1988) as Jasper
Who's Harry Crumb? (1989) as Interior Decorator
The Gumshoe Kid (1990) as Cop
In The Heat of the Night (1991) as Mike Lawrence
Scorned (1994) as Mason Wainwright
The Rendering (2002) as Det. Nick Sousa
Charlie Bartlett (2007) as Dr. Stan Weathers
The Angel Inn (2013) as Arrogant Bum (final role)
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Male actors from Toronto
Ridgeriders is a studio album from 1999 and TV series starting in 1994. The TV series featured Nick Knowles and was produced and shown by Meridian Television. One series was broadcast on Thursdays on from 7 June 2001, whilst the final series aired in 2002. The series is about the Southern English trackways (as one description for the series goes, "Nick Knowles takes to the saddle once again for a new four-part series of
Ridgeriders, which follows the ancient trackways of the South of England"). The album is a collaboration album between Phil Beer, Ashley Hutchings and Chris While. It is the soundtrack album to the TV series. It also guests features The Albion Band and Julie Matthews. The album packaging also carries the Meridian Television "sun-moon face" logo.
The musicians later toured much of the album in January 2001, with one concert subsequently released as "Ridgeriders" In Concert in November 2001.
The album is a concept album, as it is a "journey" album that would be played on a journey around Southern England, making it similar to another of Beer's albums, Show of Hands' The Path.
Similar to Beer's older album The Works, the album's release is of question. Whilst the TV series began in 1994, the album was released in September 1999, and mostly recorded the same year in Preston and Southport. The album was re-released in June 2001 by Talking Elephant, who would release the aforementioned live album later that year.
"Close Your Eyes" was actually recorded in 1995, and appeared on The Albion Band's album Albion Heart that year.
Critical reception
In their positive review, Living Tradition said the album is an "interesting concept album with enough interest for those who never saw the series, but for those readers north of the Border, it is very English in feel."
Album track listing
"Shapes of the Landscape" - 2:22
"The Work of the Devil" - 2:10
"Along the Downs" - 2:29
"The Drover's Song" - 2:03
"Turnpike Reel" - 2:24
"Close Your Eyes" - 3:11
"Low Southern Slopes" - 1:54
"What Celia Sees" - 2:43
"Never Without a Thief or Twain" - 2:12
"Along the Pilgrim's Way" - 3:58
"Michael Morey's Hump" - 1:58
"Mossing We'll Go" - 2:43
"Up on the Ridgeway" - 2:24
"Smuggler's Road" - 2:58
"Betteshanger Treasure" - 2:39
"Dorset Cursus" - 3:41
Personnel
Phil Beer - vocals, acoustic guitar, slide guitar, mandocello, fiddle, mandolin
Chris While - vocals, acoustic guitar
Ashley Hutchings - vocals, acoustic bass, electric bass
with
Joe Broughton - fiddle, mandolin
Neil Marshall - drums, percussion
Julie Matthews - keyboards, backing vocals
Ken Nicol - acoustic guitar, electric guitar, backing vocals
Simon Nicol - acoustic guitar on "Close Your Eyes"
Technical
Engineered by Ken Nicol except for tracks 1, 3, 10 & 12, engineered and mixed by Julie Matthews
Executive producer: Ashley Hutchings
Mastered by Andy Seward
Photography by Jeff Wright
References
1999 albums
2001 albums
1994 British television series debuts
2002 British television series endings
Television shows produced by Meridian Broadcasting
Television series by ITV Studios
English-language television shows
Phil Beer albums
Concept albums
Ashley Hutchings albums
Alessandro Cordaro (born 2 May 1986) is a Belgian winger, who currently plays for Swift Hesperange in the Luxembourg Division of Honour.
Career
Cordaro began his career 1992 with R.A.A. Louviéroise and joined than in 2002 to Mons, here climbed 2006 with the team in the Jupiler League.
On 1 April 2009 R. Charleroi S.C. engaged the midfielder, who arrives from Mons and signed a three-year contract between 30 June 2012.
On 16 May 2011 he signed a 3-year contract with K.V. Mechelen
Statistics
International
Cordaro is of Italian descent. He has also played for Belgium U21 and holds nine games.
Honours
Zulte Waregem
Belgian Cup: 2017
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Belgian people of Italian descent
R.A.A. Louviéroise players
R.A.E.C. Mons players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
K.V. Mechelen players
S.V. Zulte Waregem players
R.E. Virton players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
People from La Louvière
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Hainaut (province)
Slavo Kukić (born 21 July 1954) is a Bosnian PhD in Marxist sociology, professor of Sociology, Methodology of Scientific Research and Consumer Behavior at the Faculty of Economics of the University of Mostar, and teaches several undergraduate and graduate studies in Bosnia and Herzegovina and several postgraduate doctoral studies in Bosnia and neighboring countries. Kukić also writes opinion columns for a variety of media organisations, such as Al Jazeera Balkans.
Born in Posušje, he graduated from the Faculty of Political Sciences in Sarajevo in February 1977, from the Interdisciplinary Postgraduate Study of the University of Sarajevo in 1983, and at the Faculty of Political Science, in the Faculty of Political Science, in turn in the Faculty of Social Sciences in 1983.
He started his career in 1977 as an associate of the Municipal Assembly of Posušje. After that he was a director of the Marxist Centre. He was a professor in a high school in Posušje, and later a director. In 1987 he was elected President of the Executive Council of the Municipal Assembly of Posušje. In 1992 he was named a professor at the Faculty of Economics of the University of Mostar.
Attack
Kukić claimed that he was attacked with a baseball bat in 2014 due to his meeting with the controversial war criminal Dario Kordić. After the attack, Kukić claimed that he was not significantly injured. Federal Prime Minister Nermin Nikšić condemned the attack, calling it "another of a series of fascist outbursts".
Education
Department of Political Science, University of Sarajevo, 1977
Master of Science, University of Sarajevo, 1978-1983.
Doctor of Sociological Sciences, University of Sarajevo, 1986.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
People from Posušje
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina sociologists
Bosnia and Herzegovina male academics
University of Sarajevo alumni
Economic sociologists
Malcolm in the Middle is an American situation comedy, originally broadcast between 2000 and 2006. It has won and been nominated for a variety of different awards, including 33 Emmy Award nominations across the seven seasons of the show. The show was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series for its second season, but lost out to Sex and the City.
Jane Kaczmarek, who portrays the eponymous character's mother Lois, was nominated for the award of Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series seven times (once for each season), without ever winning the award.
During its time on air, Malcolm in the Middle was nominated for 94 different awards, and won 29. In this list, "year" refers to the year the award was presented to the winner.
By award
AFI Awards
American Cinema Editors
American Comedy Awards
Directors Guild of America Awards
Emmy Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Grammy Awards
NAACP Image Awards
Producers Guild of America
Satellite Awards
Screen Actors Guild Awards
TCA Awards
Viewers for Quality Television Awards
Writers Guild of America
Young Artist Awards
Peabody Award
References
External links
List of awards at IMDb.com
Lists of awards by television series
Awards
Dover Hill is an unincorporated census-designated place in Center Township, Martin County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Dover Hill in 1846, and remained in operation until 1906. The community was likely named after Dover, in England.
Geography
Dover Hill is located at , with Indiana Highway 450 running through the town.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Martin County, Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
Tagandougou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 614 square kilometers and includes 7 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 5,775. The village of Binko, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 52 km north of Yanfolila on the western side of the Sélingué Dam.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The first treatise on Telugu grammar ( vyākaraṇam), the Andhra Sabda Chintamani (Telugu: ఆంధ్ర శబ్ద చింతామణి Āndhra śabda cintāmaṇi) was written in Sanskrit by Nannayya, who is considered the first poet (ādikavi) and grammarian of the Telugu language, in the 11th century CE. After Nannayya, Atharvana and Ahobala composed the sutras, the vartikas and the bhashyam.
In the 19th century, Paravastu Chinnaya Suri wrote a simplified work on Telugu grammar called Bāla Vyākaraṇam (lit. Children's grammar), borrowing concepts and ideas from Nannayya, in Telugu.
According to Nannayya, language without 'Niyama' or the language which does not adhere to Vyākaranam is called Grāmya (lit of the village) or Apabhraṃśa, is unfit for literary usage. All literary texts in Telugu follow the Vyākaraṇam.
Inflection
Telugu is more inflected than other literary Dravidian languages. Telugu nouns are inflected for number (singular, plural), gender (masculine and non-masculine) and grammatical case (nominative, accusative, instrumental, dative, ablative, genitive, locative, and vocative).
Gender
Telugu has three genders:
masculine (purusha liṅgamu),
feminine (strī liṅgamu),
neuter (napunsaka liṅgamu).
In Telugu the occurrence of the suffix (–ḍu) almost always encodes masculine gender. For example:
tammuḍu (younger brother),
mukhyuḍu (important man),
Rāmuḍu (Rāma),
nāyakuḍu (leader).
However, there are nouns that do not end in (-ḍu) that belong to the masculine class.For example:
annayya (elder brother),
māmayya (uncle).
Most of the words ending in -ḍu are borrowings from Sanskrit words ending in -a, and therefore the feminine forms of these words are equivalent to the Sanskrit words.
Sometimes, a word ending in -ḍu is feminized by adding the suffix -ālu to the root. The -a ending of the root becomes -ur. This phenomenon is known as the rugāgama sandhi.
Neuter-gendered words usually contain the suffix -amu. This suffix descends from the Old Telugu suffix -ambu and is increasingly losing the final -u to become -aṁ. These neuter words are often borrowed from Sanskrit neuter-gendered words ending in -a, -am, -i, or -u. The final -a usually becomes -amu, and the final -u becomes -uvu.
However, Telugu sometimes uses the same forms for singular feminine and neuter genders – the third-person pronoun (అది ) is used to refer to animals and objects.
Number (vachanam)
Anything with quantity one is singular (ekavachanam).
Anything more than one in number is called plural (bahuvachanam), as in English.
In Telugu the plural is also used to as an honorific. Some nouns are always plural and some are always singular. For example, water (neellu) is always plural.
God (bhagavantudu), sun (suryudu), earth (bhūmi), and moon (chandrudu) are always singular form.
Case (విభక్తి vibhakti)
Telugu has eight cases.
Word order
Telugu word order is relatively free, and nouns are inflected for case. However, the
most common word order tends to be SOV (subject–object–verb).
Punctuation
Telugu uses single and double vertical bars to indicate a comma and a full stop. However modern Telugu uses punctuation marks which are borrowed from English.
Sandhi or joining
Sandhi is the fusion of sounds across word boundaries and the alteration of sounds due to neighboring sounds or due to the grammatical function of adjacent words.
Telugu sandhis can be divided into native ones and those derived from Sanskrit ones.
Sanskrit Sandhis
These sandhis usually take place when the two words undergoing Sandhi are words borrowed from Sanskrit.
Savarṇadīrghasandhi (Vowel lengthening)
The savarṇadīrgha sandhi, from Sanskrit savarṇa 'same sound' and dīrgha '''long', this sandhi takes place when the first word ends in the same vowel that the second word starts with. The two vowels join to form one long vowel.
Guṇasandhi (Vowel raising)
The guṇasandhi takes place when a word final -a is followed by either -i, -u or -r̥. The sandhi yields -ē, -ō and -ar respectively. -ē, -ō and -ar are collectively called the guṇas, hence the name.
Vr̥ddhisandhi (Diphthongization)
The vr̥ddhisandhi, from Sanskrit vr̥ddhi-, 'growth', takes place when a word final -a is followed by -ē or -ai, -ō or -au, and -ar or -ār, and yields -ai, -au and -ār respectively. -ai, -au and -ār are collectively called the vr̥ddhis, hence the name.
Yaṇādēśasandhi (Glide insertion)
The yaṇādēśasandhi takes place when word final -i, -u or -r̥ is followed by a non-similar vowel. The sandhi yields either -y-, -v- or -r- respectively. These are known as the yaṇās.
Native sandhis
These sandhis usually occur when one or both of the words is a native Telugu word, or is a Sanskrit borrowing that is treated as such (ex. iṣṭamu).
Akārasandhi (Elision of a)
This sandhi occurs when a word final -a is followed by any vowel. The word final -a is removed, and the following vowel takes its place.
Ikārasandhi
This sandhi occurs when a word final -i is followed by any vowel. The word final -i is removed, and the following vowel takes its place.
Ukārasandhi
This sandhi occurs when a word final -u is followed by any vowel. The word final -u is removed, and the following vowel takes its place.
Trikasandhi
One of the most complicated of the sandhis, the trikasandhi is of two forms:
When a final -ā -ī or -ē is followed by a non-clustured consonant, the vowel is shortened, and the unclustered consonant is geminated.
When the word mūḍu (three) is followed by a consonant, the word-final -ḍu is eliminated. This triggers the first rule of the trikasandhi, and the now-word-final -ū is shortened, and the following consonant is geminated. When the consonant is l-, sometimes it is geminated to -ḷḷ- instead.
Āmrēḍitasandhi
This sandhi deals with repeated words, i.e., pairs of same words. This sandhi forms some of the most used irregular-looking words in the language. It has three rules:
When a vowel-initial word is repeated, the final vowel of the first word is eliminated.
Word final forms of ka (ka, ki, ku, ke, etc.) of the first word are eliminated and the first rule is applied.
The andādi words (anduku, iggulu, tumuru, tuniyalu, etc.) when compounded lead to irregular forms.
Dviruktaṭakārasandhi
Sometimes regarded as a form of the āmrēḍitasandhi, the dviruktaṭakārasandhi occurs when kaḍādi (kaḍa, naḍuma, madhyāhnamu, bayalu, etc.) words are compounded. A dviruktaṭakāra, a geminated -ṭṭ- forms from this sandhi, hence the name.
Gasaḍadavādēśasandhi
Trika Sandhi.
Dugagama Sandhi.
Saraladesha Sandhi
Gasadadavadesha Sandhi.
Rugagama Sandhi.
Yadagama Sandhi.
Prathametara Vibhakti Sandhi.
Uchadadi sandhi.
Samasam or nominal compounds
Samasam or samasa occurs with various structures, but morphologically speaking they are essentially the same: each noun (or adjective) is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
Some of the Telugu samasams are:
Tatpuruṣa Samasam.
Prathama tatpurusha samasam Dvitiya tatpurusha samasam Trutiya tatpurusha samasam Chaturthi tatpurusha samasam Panchami tatpurusha samasam Shashti tatpurusha samasam Saptami tatpurusha samasam Nai tatpurusha samasam Karmadhāraya Samasam.
Viśeshana purwapada karmadharaya samasam Viśeshana uttarapada karmadharaya samasam Viśeshana ubhayapada karmadharaya samasam Upamana purvapada karmadharaya samasam Upamana uttarapada karmadharaya samasam Avadharana purvapada karmadharaya samasam Sambhavana purvapada karmadharaya samasam Dvigu Samasam.
Dvandva Samasam.
Bahuvrīhi Samasam.
Amredita Samasam.
Avyayībhāva Samasam
Alankaram or ornamentation
Telugu Alankaram is a figure of speech which means ornaments or embellishments which are used to enhance the beauty of the poems. There are two types of Alankarams, 'Shabdalankaram' which primarily focuses on Sound and 'Arthalamkaram' which focuses on meaning. These two alankarams are further broken down in to different categories.
shabdalankaras are 6 types where as there are nearly 30 to 40 types in ardhalankaras.
Shabdalankaram Vruttyanuprasa Chekanuprasa Latanuprasa antyanuprasa Yamakam Mukta pada grastam Arthalamkaram Upamanaalankaram Utprekshaalankaram Rupakaalankaram Shleshalankaram Arthantaranyaasam Atishayokti Drushtantam Swabhavokti vyajastu virodhi vishamamu parikaramu branti madala kramalam''
Chandassu or Telugu prosody
Metrical poetry in Telugu is called 'Chandassu' or 'Chandas'. ya-maa-taa-raa-ja-bhaa-na-sa-la-gam is called the chandassu chakram. Utpalamala, Champakamala, Mattebha vikreeditham, Sardoola Vikreeditham, Kanda, Aata veladi, Theta geethi, Sragdhara, Bhujangaprayata, etc. are some metrics used in Telugu poetry.
Prakruti and Vikruti
Telugu has many Tatsama words. They are called Prakruti, which are equivalent to Sanskrit words. The equivalent colloquial words are called Vikruti, which means distorted. However, Prakruti is only used as a medium of instruction in educational institutions, offices etc.
For example:
See also
Telugu language
Telugu literature
Telugu people
Telugu development
Satavahana Dynasty
Sanskrit grammar
Sanskrit pronouns and determiners
References
Telugu language
Dravidian grammars
Labidiaster radiosus, the fragile sticky ray star, is a large species of starfish in the family Heliasteridae and was first described by Lütken in 1871. It is found in the waters of southern South America to Sub-Antarctica and the Antarctic Peninsula.
Description
Labidiaster radiosus is a large starfish that can reach up to across, its color is variable in life, ranging from red-orange to purple and
white. It has a round abdomen with 20-40 arms, often has a pattern of concentric circles radiating out on arms. Labidiaster radiosus may be confused with Labidiaster annulatus and the two have even been considered to be the same species. However, they can be distinguished by closely examining the pedicellaria in the central disc.
Distribution
Labidiaster radiosus is found on rocky reefs in the waters of southern South America to Sub-Antarctica and the Antarctic Peninsula. it lives at depths of 5-450m with a sea temperature range of -.
Reproduction
Embryos will hatch into planktonic larvae which later metamorphose into pentamerous juveniles. These develop into young sea stars with short, stubby arms.
References
Asteroidea
Fauna of Antarctica
Alfredo, Alfredo is a 1972 Italian award-winning comedy film co-written and directed by Pietro Germi.
Plot
The film, told mostly in flashback, tells the story of a timid bank clerk (Dustin Hoffman) living in Ascoli Piceno (Italian town located in Marche region) who finds himself swept into dating and marrying a possessive woman (Stefania Sandrelli), the stress he endures as her behavior in their marriage becomes increasingly domineering, and the obstacles he faces in leaving her for another more amenable woman (Carla Gravina), in the times when divorce was still illegal in Italy.
Cast
Dustin Hoffman (dubbed by Ferruccio Amendola): Alfredo Sbisà
Stefania Sandrelli (dubbed by Manuela Andrei): Maria Rosa Cavarani
Carla Gravina: Carolina Bettini
Duilio Del Prete: Oreste
Saro Urzì: Father of Mariarosa
:the shaman
: Mother of Maria Rosa
Clara Colosimo: Mother of Carolina
: Father of Alfredo
Vittorio Duse (dubbed by Sergio Graziani): judge
(dubbed by Michele Gammino): assistant of the judge
Renzo Marignano: doctor
Production
The film was completely shot in Ascoli Piceno, Italy.
Awards
Golden Globe nominee: Best Foreign Language Film
David di Donatello: Best Film
U.S. National Board of Review nominee: Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1972 films
1972 comedy films
1970s Italian-language films
Films set in Italy
Films directed by Pietro Germi
Films scored by Carlo Rustichelli
Italian comedy films
1970s Italian films
The Heroic Age of American Invention is a science book for children by L. Sprague de Camp, published by Doubleday in 1961. It was reprinted in 1993 by Barnes & Noble under the alternate title The Heroes of American Invention. The book has been translated in Portuguese.
Summary
By "heroic age" the author means the era of American history in which individual initiative and enterprise constituted the primary thread in technical innovation, roughly from the early 19th century until mass production and corporate enterprise outpaced that of the individual around the time of World War I. The story of innovation is told through the biographies and inventions of thirty-two key inventors of the United States' industrial revolution, whom de Camp feels were pivotal in converting the country from an agrarian nation to an industrial one.
Some of the inventors spotlighted include Robert L. Stevens, George Westinghouse, Joseph Henry, Samuel Morse, Samuel Colt, Hiram Stevens Maxim, Hudson Maxim, Cyrus McCormick, John Ericsson, William Kelly, Ottmar Mergenthaler, Christopher Latham Sholes, Alexander Graham Bell, Thomas Edison, Elihu Thomson, Nikola Tesla, George Baldwin Selden, Samuel Pierpoint Langley, Wilbur Wright, Orville Wright, Reginald Aubrey Fessenden, Lee de Forest, and Edwin Howard Armstrong.
Contents
I. Invention Comes to America
II. The Heroic Age Begins
III. The Stevenses and Railroading
IV. Henry, Morse, and the Telegraph
V. Colt and Other Gunmakers
VI. McCormick and Farm Machinery
VII. Ericsson and the Modern Warship
VIII. Kelly and Steel Refining
IX. Mergenthaler, Sholes, and Writing Machines
X. Bell and the Telephone
XI. Edison and the Electric Light
XII. Thomson and Alternating-Current Power
XIII. Selden and the Automobile
XIV. Langley, The Wrights, and Flying
XV. Fessenden, De Forest, and Radio
XVI. The End of the Heroic Age
Notes
Bibliography
Index
References
1961 children's books
Children's non-fiction books
Technology books
Books by L. Sprague de Camp
Doubleday (publisher) books
History of science and technology in the United States
American children's books
Born Jemaina Marie Pangilinan Gonida on October 5, better known by her stage name Anaya Go, is a Filipina-Chinese singer and musical theater actress. She started her professional career in musical theater in 2010 under Teatro Expedicion de Filipinas wherein she played Belle Marie in The Hunchback of Notre-Dame The Musical, Maria Clara in Pepe: Ang Talambuhay at Panaginip ni Jose Rizal, Miss Amelia in Sara, Ang Munting Prinsesa, to name a few, alongside veteran theater and TV actors Bodjie Pascua, Biboy Ramirez, Kathleen Hermosa and Anna Luna. She has joined a couple of Philippine reality singing searches both in ABS-CBN and GMA like Search for the Star in a Million and Are You The Next Big Star?. She became part of City of Dreams Manila's all-female vocal group Dream Sirens in 2015 and is featured regularly at Balesin Island Club, an exclusive resort in Polillo, Quezon.
Early life
Family
Anaya Go was born at Jesus Delgado Memorial Hospital on October 5 in Kamuning, Quezon City to Jeffrey Gonida and Mary Ann Pangilinan-Gonida. She is the eldest of five children.
Education
She began her voice and stage training at the Center for Pop Music Philippines, Inc. when she became one of the Luzon finalists of Search for a Star in a Million in 2005. During the same year, Go decided to focus on finishing her college degree before pursuing a career in music. Go entered college and took up Bachelor of Arts in Communication at De La Salle University - Dasmariñas, and graduated in 2009. Right after her graduation, she joined Are You The Next Big Star?, a reality music competition developed by GMA New Media, Inc. and finished being a semi-finalist. She also took up intensive voice lessons at The Music School of Ryan Cayabyab.
Music career
Stage name
Her siblings call her "Achie" which means the eldest sister in Fukkien, while her relatives and childhood friends call her Jemaina, Meejay or Gigi. In school, Go's classmates gave her the nicknames Jem, Chai, Ania and Ianne. Go had used many nicknames until the night of her graduation in college. A barista handed Go a cup of coffee that has the name Anaya (misspelled Ania), hence, the birth of her stage name.
Teatro Expedicion de Filipinas
Go discovered her passion in singing and acting when she joined a summer acting workshop in 2010. Formerly known as Expedition Theatre Association Inc., Teatro Expedicion de Filipinas was formed in 1999 by Mr. Rosendo Campano and Filipino theater, movie and television actor Joey Paras. The theater group started the development of "independent theater productions" in the Metro, and is engaged in staging original and quality works such as values-oriented musicals, straight plays and storytelling skits for smart and groovy young children.
Her musical theatre debut was in May 2010, during TEDF's summer workshop recital at Luneta Open Air Auditorium. Go played Belle Marie, a character that was never mentioned in the original story written by Victor Hugo, but was re-imagined by Paras as the alter-ego of Quasimodo played by Leo Ponseca, along with Bodjie Pascua as Judge Claude Frollo and Anna Luna as Esmeralda. Her second production was Pepe, Ang Talambuhay at Panaginip ni Jose Rizal (Pepe: The Life Story and Dream of Rizal), which narrated the events that happened the night before Rizal's execution. Go played O Sei San, one of the nine women who captured the heart of Rizal. She also played Maria Clara, Leonor Rivera and Josephine Bracken during Pepe's national tour, Miss Amelia in Sara, Ang Munting Prinsesa, Isang Musika-Novela and Martha in Borrowed Parts.
Dream Sirens
In 2015, she became part of Dream Sirens, an all-female and homegrown musical sensation of City of Dreams Manila.
Filmography
Theatre
References
1989 births
21st-century Filipino women singers
Filipino musical theatre actresses
Living people
Participants in Philippine reality television series
Singers from Metro Manila
Actresses from Metro Manila
People from Quezon City
Filipino people of Chinese descent
JSW Steel Limited is an Indian multinational steel producer based in Mumbai and is a flagship company of the JSW Group. After the merger of ISPAT Steel and Jindal Vijayanagar Steel Limited, JSW Steel became India's second largest private sector steel company.
History
JSW Steel's history can be traced back to 1982, when the Jindal Group acquired Piramal Steel Limited, which operated a mini steel mill at Tarapur in Maharashtra and renamed it as Jindal Iron and Steel Company (JISCO). Soon after the acquisition the group set up its first steel plant in 1982 at Vasind, near Mumbai.
Later, in 1994, Jindal Vijayanagar Steel Limited (JVSL) was set up with its plant located at Toranagallu in the Bellary-Hospet area in the State of Karnataka, the heart of the iron ore belt and spread over of land. It is well connected to both the Mormugao Port and Chennai Port and is 340 kilometres from Bangalore. It is said to be the sixth largest steel plant in the world.
In the year 2005, JISCO and JVSL merged to form JSW Steel Limited. It also set up a plant at Salem with an annual capacity of 1 million tonnes.
As of June 2021, the installed manufacturing capacity of the company is 18 MTPA.
Merger and acquisitions
In 2007, JSW Steel formed a joint venture for a steel plant in Georgia. Any by 2020, it sold of 39 percent stake which it held in JV to Georgian Steel Group Holdings Limited.
In 2009, Japan's JFE Steel Corp, entered into a strategic partnership with JSW Steel to produce automotive steel products.
In 2010, JSW Steel acquired 3 MTPA Hot Rolling Plant in Dolvi, Maharashtra (formerly Ispat Industries Limited).
in 2012, JSW Ispat was merged with JSW Steel, 20 months after the latter acquired a controlling stake in Ispat Industries.
In 2014, it acquired Welspun Maxsteel Limited in a deal valued at around INR 1,000 Crores.
Mining acquisitions
In the past, JSW Steel has additionally acquired mining assets in the United States, the Republic of Chile, and Mozambique.
Carbon footprint
JSW Steel reported Total CO2e emissions (Direct + Indirect) for the twelve months ending 31 March 2020 at 40,522 Kt (-5,326 /-11.6% y-o-y). There is no evidence of a consistent declining trend as yet.
References
External links
Business data for JSW Steel Ltd: Reuters Google Finance BloombergQuint
Steel companies of India
Manufacturing companies based in Mumbai
JSW Group
Manufacturing companies established in 1982
Indian companies established in 1982
NIFTY 50
Recipients of the Rashtriya Khel Protsahan Puruskar
1982 establishments in Maharashtra
Companies listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
The Advance was an iron screw steamer tug built in 1884 that was wrecked when she collided with Inverna off Catherine Hill Bay, New South Wales, Australia, on 25 December 1908.
Ship service history
The Advance was involved in a collision with the Tuncurry in the early morning of 30 September 1906. The Tuncurry, under the command of Captain O'Bierne, was making a routine voyage from Pyrmont to Cape Hawke, carrying several passengers and general cargo. About five miles north of North Head (one of the Sydney Heads), it was suddenly rammed by the Advance, which was travelling from Newcastle and hadn't seen the other ship. The Tuncurry took the brunt of the damage, although Captain O'Bierne quickly decided that the ship was in no danger of sinking. He signalled to the tug that no assistance was needed, and immediately headed back to Sydney. The Advance returned to Newcastle, damaged at the bows.
It was later found at the Marine Court that at the time of the collision the Advance had been the under charge of a deck hand, McIvor. The court did not find that there had "been any negligence on the part of the master of the tug in not coming on deck sooner, but thought he should have acted more wisely".
Wreck
Advance, commanded by Alick Mckenzie, collided due to foggy weather in the harbor at Newcastle, New South Wales, with Inverna off Catherine Hill Bay, during the early morning hours of 25 December 1908 and sank.
See also
Lists of shipwrecks
References
Shipwrecks of the Central Coast Region
Ships built in Victoria (Australia)
1884 ships
Maritime incidents in 1906
Maritime incidents in 1908
1871–1900 ships of Australia
1901 – World War I ships of Australia
Tugboats of Australia
Iron and steel steamships of Australia
City of Lake Macquarie
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
HD 115211 is a single star in the southern constellation of Musca. It has an orange hue and is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.86. Its distance from Earth is approximately 1,370 light years based on parallax, and it is drifting closer to the Sun with a radial velocity of −10 km/s. It has an absolute magnitude of −2.94.
It is an aging bright giant/supergiant star with a stellar classification of K2 Ib-II. It is a suspected variable star of unknown type, with a brightness that has been measured ranging from 4.83 down to 4.87. It is an estimated 40 million years old, with 7.1 times the mass of the Sun. With the supply of hydrogen exhausted at its core, it has expanded to 123 times the Sun's radius. It is radiating 3,849 times the luminosity of the Sun from its swollen photosphere at an effective temperature of 4,097 K.
References
K-type supergiants
K-type bright giants
Suspected variables
Musca (constellation)
Durchmusterung objects
115211
064820
5002
Peter of Navarre may refer to:
Peter I of Aragon and Pamplona, king of Navarre from 1094 until 1104
Peter of Atarrabia, Franciscan provincial minister of Aragon from 1317 until 1346
Pedro, Marshal of Navarre (d. 1522)
Afaa Michael Weaver (born 1951 Baltimore, Maryland), formerly known as Michael S. Weaver, is an American poet, short-story writer, and editor.
He is the author of numerous poetry collections, and his honors include a Fulbright Scholarship and fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts, Pew Foundation, and Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award. He is the Director of the Writing Intensive at The Frost Place.
Life
Born in Maryland, he studied two years at the University of Maryland. He started 7th Son Press and the literary journal Blind Alleys. He graduated from Brown University on a fellowship, with an M.A, and Excelsior College with a B.A. He taught at National Taiwan University and Taipei National University of the Arts as a Fulbright Scholar, and was a faculty member at the Cave Canem Foundation's annual retreat. In addition, he was the first to be named an elder of the Cave Canem Foundation. He also studied Chinese language at the Taipei Language Institute in Taiwan.
He teaches at Simmons College, and is director of the Zora Neale Hurston Literary Center. He is Chairman of the Simmons International Chinese Poetry Conference. Tess Onwueme, the Nigerian playwright, gave him the Ibo name "Afaa", meaning "oracle", while Dr. Perng Ching-hsi has given him the Chinese name "Wei Yafeng".
His poems have appeared in literary journals and magazines including Callaloo.
Honors and awards
2014 Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award
2002 Fulbright Scholarship
1985 National Endowment for the Arts Literature Fellowship
1998 Pew Fellowships in the Arts
Published works
Full-length poetry collections
Spirit Boxing (Pitt Poetry Series, 2017)
The City of Eternal Spring (Pitt Poetry Series, 2014)
"A Hard Summation" (Central Square Press, 2014)
"The Government of Nature" (Pitt Poetry Series, 2013)
The Plum Flower Dance: Poems 1985 to 2005 (University of Pittsburgh Press, 2007)
Timber and Prayer: The Indian Pond Poems (University of Pittsburgh Press, 1995)
My Father's Geography (University of Pittsburgh Press, 1992)
Callaloo series
Plays
Rosa was produced in 1993 at Venture Theater in Philadelphia
Anthologies edited
Anthology publications
References
Sources
Library of Congress Online Catalog > Afaa M. Weaver
External links
Author's Website
Author Profile:
Audio: The Cortland Review > Issue 32, June 2006 > Zombie Dance/Tapping The Blood Root by Afaa M. Weaver
Criticism: Ploughshares > Fall 2002 > A Review by Afaa M. Weaver of Leaving Saturn by Major Jackson
1951 births
Living people
American male poets
Writers from Baltimore
Poets from Maryland
National Endowment for the Arts Fellows
Simmons University faculty
Excelsior College alumni
Brown University alumni
Pew Fellows in the Arts
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
Zhang Wufeng (; born October 1960) is a former Chinese politician who served as director of the National Food and Strategic Reserves Administration from 2018 to 2022. As of June 2022 he was under investigation by China's top anti-corruption agency.
He was a delegate to the 12th National People's Congress. He was a representative of the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party. He was a member of the 19th CCP Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
Biography
Zhang was born in Laiwu County (now Laiwu), Shandong, in October 1960. In February 1978, he entered Jining Business School, majoring in statistics.
After graduating in December 1979, he was assigned to the Shandong Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce, where he eventually became its deputy director in August 2000. He joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in April 1984. In December 2006, he was transferred to Linyi and appointed executive vice mayor. In January 2011, he was named acting mayor, confirmed in the following month. He became director of Shandong Development and Reform Commission in February 2013, and served until July 2015, when he was chosen as vice governor of Shandong.
In February 2017, he was appointed director of the State Administration of Grain (soon was reshuffled as the National Food and Strategic Reserves Administration in March 2018), and was admitted to member of the CCP National Development and Reform Commission Committee, the commission's top authority.
Downfall
On 16 June 2022, he has been placed under investigation for "serious violations of laws and regulations" by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI), the party's internal disciplinary body, and the National Supervisory Commission, the highest anti-corruption agency of China.
References
1960 births
Living people
People from Laiwu
Central Party School of the Chinese Communist Party alumni
People's Republic of China politicians from Shandong
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Shandong
Delegates to the 12th National People's Congress
The MLW National Openweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship created and promoted by the American professional wrestling promotion Major League Wrestling (MLW). The title was unveiled on April 18, 2019. The title's openweight nature, a division more common in Japanese professional wrestling, means that both heavyweight and middleweight wrestlers are eligible to challenge for it.
History
On April 18, 2019, Major League Wrestling (MLW) announced the creation of the MLW National Openweight Championship, a division more common in Japanese professional wrestling, since MLW already had a middleweight division. Also announced was a four-man single-elimination tournament that would culminate on June 1 with the crowning of the first champion. The tournament to crown the inaugural champion was later advertised on MLW Fusion, while being announced four wrestlers to participate in the tournament, which was announced on May 4 by MLW Fusion'''s Executive Producer Salina de la Renta. The title was unveiled on May 17. On June 1 at Fury Road'', Alexander Hammerstone defeated Brian Pillman Jr. in the finals of the tournament to become the inaugural MLW National Openweight Champion.
Inaugural championship tournament
Reigns
As of , , there have been three reigns between three champions and one vacancy. Alexander Hammerstone was the inaugural champion. Hammerstone's reign is the longest at 865 days, while Alex Kane's reign is the shortest at 229 days. Davey Richards was the oldest champion when he won it at 39 years old, while Alex Kane was the youngest champion at 28 years old.
Davey Richards is the current champion in his first reign. He defeated defeated Alex Kane at Battle Riot IV on June 23, 2022, in New York City, NY.
Combined reigns
As of , .
References
External links
MLW National Openweight Title History at Cagematch.net
National Openweight
National professional wrestling championships
Openweight wrestling championships
2019 introductions
The Noronha vireo (Vireo gracilirostris) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae. It is endemic to the island of Fernando de Noronha, Brazil. It is found in woodland, shrubland and gardens. It has been considered conspecific with the chivi vireo in the past. However, it varies from the chivi vireo in that its plumage is significantly duller and the bill longer.
References
Noronha vireo
Endemic birds of Brazil
Fernando de Noronha
Noronha vireo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
S.T.U.N., which stands for 'Scream Toward The Uprising Of Non-Conformity,' were a punk band from Los Angeles, formed in 2000. Their lyrics are idealistic, with the aim of supporting universalism, socialism, abolishing class warfare, and against American imperialism, laid over punk rock reminiscent of Rage Against the Machine. They were signed to Geffen Records in 2002.
Their first and only album, Evolution of Energy, was released on June 24, 2003.
S.T.U.N's influences include The Clash, Sex Pistols, Pixies, Noam Chomsky, Daniel Quinn, Jane's Addiction, Radiohead, Depeche Mode, The Smiths, Super Furry Animals, and David Bowie.
Notes
See also
S.T.U.N. Interview by Mary Ellen Gustafson, Ink 19
S.T.U.N. (Scream Toward the Uprising of Nonconformity) - Music - Neoseeker Forums (Band profile) Arcanium, Neo Era Media, Inc.
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Çimenbağı is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Laurence Perkins (born 1954) is a British classical bassoonist. He studied under Charles Cracknell at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester. Perkins was a principal bassoonist of the Manchester Camerata from 1974 to 2017. He has performed internationally in countries including France, Norway, Hong Kong, and Australia.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
English classical bassoonists
The Puerto Rican Independence Party (, PIP) is a social-democratic political party in Puerto Rico that campaigns for the independence of Puerto Rico from the United States.
Those who follow the PIP ideology are usually called independentistas, pipiolos, or sometimes just pro-independence activists.
History
The party began as the electoral wing of the Puerto Rican independence movement. It is the largest of the independence parties, and the only one that is on the ballot during elections (other candidates must be added in by hand). In 1948, two years after being founded, the PIP gathered 10.2% of the votes in the island. In 1952, two years after an armed uprising of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party, it obtained 19% of the votes, its highest electoral support ever, which made it the second electoral party on the island for a moment. In 1956 it took 12.4% of the votes; in 1960 3.1%; in 1964, 4%; in 1968, 3.5; in 1972, 5.4; in 1976, 5.7; in 1980, 5.4; in 1984, 3.6, and in 1988, 5.5. In 2004 it obtained 2.7% of the votes, and in 2008 it took 2%.
Foundation
The party was founded on 27 October 1946, by Gilberto Concepción de Gracia (1909–1968), his colleague Fernando Milán Suárez and Antonio J. González. They felt the independence movement had been betrayed by the Popular Democratic Party, whose ultimate goal had originally been independence.
FBI surveillance of the party
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh made an unprecedented admission to the effect that the FBI had engaged in egregious and illegal action, quite possibly involving the FBI in widespread crimes and violation of Constitutional rights against Puerto Ricans from the 1930s to the 1990s. He stunned a congressional budget hearing by conceding that his agency had violated the civil rights of many Puerto Ricans over the years and had engaged in "egregious illegal action, maybe criminal action."
After Freeh's public admission, The New York Times reported the following details about the FBI publicly admitting it had directed "tremendously destructive" efforts against the Puerto Rican Independence Party:
The FBI's surveillance of persons and organizations advocating Puerto Rico's independence, was not only recognized by the FBI's top leadership, but was also detailed in 1.8 million documents, a fraction of which were released in 2000.
1970s
In 1971, the PIP gubernatorial candidate, Rubén Berríos led a protest against the US Navy in Culebra. During the 1972 elections, the PIP showed the largest growth in its history while running a democratic socialist, pro-worker, pro-poor campaign. One year later during a delegate assembly Rubén Berríos declared that the party was not presenting a Marxist–Leninist platform and took the matter to the PIP's assembly which voted in favor of the party's current stance in favor of social democracy. The Marxist–Leninist faction, called the "terceristas", split into several groups. The biggest of them went into the Popular Socialist Movement, while the rest went into the Puerto Rican Socialist Party.
1990s
In 1999, PIP leaders, especially Rubén Berríos, became involved in the Navy-Vieques protests started by many citizens of Vieques against the presence of the US military in the island-municipality (see also: Cause of Vieques).
2008 election
During the 2008 elections, the PIP lost official recognition for the second time, obtaining 2.04% of the gubernatorial vote. Loss of recognition was official on 2 January 2009. The minimum vote percentage to keep official recognition is 3.0% as per the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico law. The party also lost both of its seats in the legislature, where they had had one seat in each house.
In May 2009, the party submitted more than 100,000 signed petitions to the Puerto Rico's elections commission and regained legal status.
2012 election
During the 2012 elections, the PIP lost official recognition for the third time, obtaining 2.5% of the gubernatorial vote. Loss of recognition will be official on 2 January 2013. The minimum vote percentage to keep official recognition is 3.0% as per the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico law.
2016 election
For the 2016 election, Senator María de Lourdes Santiago was the party's nominee. She obtained 33,452 votes and came in fifth place, with 2.1% of the vote. Some of the senator's main policies for the election are outlined below
Increase the basic teacher's salary to $3,000 per month.
Universal healthcare through the National Health Plan.
Merge the House of Representatives and the Senate into one unicameral chamber, whereby the members are elected by proportional representation.
Change the status of Puerto Rico to that of a Freely Associated State.
2020 election
For the 2020 election, Juan Dalmau was the party's nominee. He obtained 175,402 votes and came in fourth place, with a historic 13.58% of the vote, the second-largest electoral victory in PIP history. With the Movimiento Victoria Ciudadana (Citizens' Victory Movement) obtaining 179,265 votes and coming in third place with 13.95% of the vote, this has been the largest share of the Puerto Rican vote (27.53%) ever gained by left-wing parties in Puerto Rico.
International support
{{ external media
| align = center
| audio1 = You may watch and listen to a Puerto Rican Independence Party political campaign ad featuring Ruben Berrios and the voice of José Feliciano in an interpretation of Antonio Caban Vales' "Verde Luz'''" here.]
}}
The PIP cause receives moral support by international organizations. Examples of these are the Socialist International (the largest organization of political parties in the world), including fifteen political parties which are in power in Latin America. The government of Cuba also supports it, as well as the ex-president of Panama, Martín Torrijos, and a wide group of world-recognized writers and artists."Prominentes figuras de América Latina apoyan la independencia de Puerto Rico - Escritores y artistas declaran su adhesión a la Proclama de Panamá" www.independencia.net/topicos/panama/cpi_panama_nov06.html
On 26 January 2007, the Nobel Prize laureate Gabriel García Márquez joined other figures such as Mario Benedetti, Ernesto Sábato, Thiago de Mello, Eduardo Galeano, Carlos Monsiváis, Pablo Armando Fernández, Jorge Enrique Adoum, Pablo Milanés, Luis Rafael Sánchez, Mayra Montero and Ana Lydia Vega, in supporting independence for Puerto Rico and joining the Latin American and Caribbean Congress in Solidarity with Puerto Rico's Independence, which approved a resolution favoring the island's right to assert its independence, as ratified unanimously by political parties hailing from 22 countries in November 2006. García Márquez's push for the recognition of Puerto Rico's independence was obtained at the behest of the Puerto Rican Independence Party. His pledge for support to the Puerto Rican Independence Movement was part of a wider effort that emerged from the Latin American and Caribbean Congress in Solidarity with Puerto Rico's Independence.
PIP anti-war mobilization and protests
As reported in numerous media, the PIP's leadership and active members participated in anti-war protests and mobilization to resist the Iraq War and oppose the U.S. government's efforts to encourage Puerto Ricans to enlist in the U.S. Armed Forces. The Washington Post wrote in August 2007 that "on this island with a long tradition of military service, pro-independence advocates are tapping the territory's growing anti-Iraq war sentiment to revitalize their cause. As a result, 57 percent of Puerto Rico's 10th-, 11th- and 12th-graders, or their parents, have signed forms over the past year withholding contact information from the Pentagon. ... For five years, PIP has issued opt-out forms to about 120,000 students in Puerto Rico and encouraged them to sign—and independista activists expect this year to mark their most successful effort yet." The article also quoted Juan Dalmau, then-secretary general of the Puerto Rican Independence Party as saying: "if the death of a Puerto Rican soldier is tragic, it's more tragic if that soldier has no say in that war [with Iraq]" and that he did not want the children of Puerto Rico to become "colonial cannon meat."
Another article in The Progressive also reported on PIP's anti-war activity. It was written three years earlier, in 2004, but it still noted that "some groups like the Puerto Rico Bar Association and the Independence Party have registered strong protests against the deployments. In an attempt to draw attention to Puerto Ricans' lack of elected representatives, even the usually pro-U.S. statehood party has raised concerns about the disproportionate body count suffered by islanders." Two years later, it was reported that PIP, along with hundreds of other supporters of Puerto Rican independence "blocked the entrance to the U.S. Federal Courthouse here on Feb. 20 to denounce recent FBI raids against the homes and workplaces of ... supporters of Puerto Rican independence ... and the growing repression by the FBI against the independence movement in general." This demonstration reportedly marked the beginning of PIP "campaign to get the FBI out of Puerto Rico."
PIP stance on Puerto Rico's economic crisis and taxation system
During the 2005–2007 Puerto Rico economic crisis, the Puerto Rican Independence Party submitted various bills that would have taxed corporations making $1 million or more in annual net profits an extra ten percent above the average tax rate these corporations pay, which hovers around 5%. The PNP and the PPD parties amended the bill, taxing the corporations the traditional lower rate. Despite objections presented by the PIP, the PNP and PPD also allowed the companies to claim the additional tax as a credit on next year's bill, making the "tax", in effect, a one-year loan. Puerto Rico has been said "There is no place in the territorial limits of the United States that provides such an advantageous base for exporters. " Because of this, many US companies moved their headquarters and manufacturing facilities there. This is why the PNP and PPD believed the tax increase would exacerbate the problems
Party symbol
The flag's green color stands for the hope of becoming free, and the white cross stands for the sacrifice and commitment of the party with democracy. The flag's design is based on the first national flag ever flown by Puerto Ricans, which is also the current flag of the municipality of Lares, location where the first relatively successful attempt of revolutionary insurgency in Puerto Rico, called Grito de Lares, took place on 23 September 1868. The Lares flag is, on the other hand, similar to that of the Dominican Republic, since the Grito's mastermind, Ramón Emeterio Betances, not only admired the Dominican pro-independence struggle, but was also half-Dominican himself. The party's flag is based on the Nordic Cross flag design. Nordic Cross flags, or Latin cross flags, are a common design in Scandinavia and other parts of the world, and in theory, the PIP's emblem belongs to this family of flags.
Disfranchisement due to residence in Puerto Rico
United States citizens residing in the U.S. commonwealth of Puerto Rico do not hold the right to vote in U.S. presidential elections. Although Puerto Rico residents elect a Resident Commissioner to the United States House of Representatives, that official may not participate in votes determining the final passage of legislation. Furthermore, Puerto Rico holds no representation of any kind in the United States Senate.
Both the Puerto Rican Independence Party and the New Progressive Party of Puerto Rico officially oppose the island's political status quo and consider Puerto Rico's lack of federal representation to be disfranchisement. The remaining political organization, the Popular Democratic Party, is less active in its opposition of this case of disfranchisement but has officially stated that it favors fixing the remaining "deficits of democracy" that the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations have publicly recognized in writing through Presidential Task Force Reports.
Electoral performance
Governor of Puerto Rico
Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico
Legislative elections
Important party leaders
Rubén Berríos – President, former Senator and Honorary President of the Socialist International (SI)
Manuel Rodríguez Orellana – Secretary of Relations with North America
Fernando Martín – Executive President, former Senator
María de Lourdes Santiago Negrón – Vice-President, Senator
Juan Dalmau Ramírez – Secretary General & Electoral Commissioner
Edwin Irizarry Mora – Secretary of Economic Affairs
David Noriega – Former Representative. Gubernatorial candidate in 1996 general elections. He resigned from the party in the late 1990s.
Roberto Iván Aponte – Secretary of Municipal Organization
Luis Roberto Piñero – President of the Pro-Independence Advocates' Campaign in favor of unifying both Houses of the Legislature into a single, unicameral Parliament
Víctor García San Inocencio – Former Representative
Jorge Fernández Porto – Adviser on Environmental Sciences and Public Policy Affairs
Jessica Martínez – Member of Pro-Independence Advocates' Campaign in Favor of a single, unicameral Parliament
Gilberto Concepción de Gracia – Founding President and respected Latin American Leader
See also
Latin American and Caribbean Congress in Solidarity with Puerto Rico's Independence
List of political parties in Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican Socialist Party
Cause of Vieques
Cerro Maravilla murders
Navy-Culebra protests
Navy-Vieques protests
Politics of Puerto Rico
Socialist International
References
Puerto Rican Independence Party (1998). Retrieved 6 January 2004 from www.independencia.net/ingles/welcome.html''
External links
Portraits of Notable Individuals in the Struggle for Puerto Rican Independence
Bill promoting Sr. Fernando Milan, hijo, for governor of Puerto Rico by the Puerto Rican Independence Party
Website
Official website of the Puerto Rican Independence Party
Pro-independence parties
COINTELPRO targets
Political parties in Puerto Rico
Left-wing nationalist parties
Social democratic parties
Socialism in Puerto Rico
Political parties established in 1946
National liberation movements
Political history of Puerto Rico
Secessionist organizations
Politics of the Americas
Politics of the Caribbean
Politics of Puerto Rico
Political organizations based in Puerto Rico
Independence movements
Puerto Rican nationalism
Puerto Rican independence movement
Secessionist organizations in the United States
1946 establishments in Puerto Rico
The 1989 Harvard Crimson football team was an American football team that represented Harvard University during the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Harvard finished third in the Ivy League.
In their 19th year under head coach Joe Restic, the Crimson compiled a 5–5 record and were outscored 257 to 207. Greg Gicewicz was the team captain.
Harvard's 5–2 conference record placed third in the Ivy League standings. The Crimson outscored Ivy opponents 134 to 120.
Harvard played its home games at Harvard Stadium in the Allston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
Schedule
References
Harvard
Harvard Crimson football seasons
Harvard Crimson football
Harvard Crimson football
Nikšić Royal Palace, also referred to as King Nikola's Palace is a (former) royal residence in Nikšić, Montenegro. It is located in the city center near town park. The two-storied palace was built by king Nikola I Petrović-Njegoš in 1890. However, it was rarely used. Currently, it houses the Zavičajni Muzej (County Museum), documenting the historical development of the city.
References
Nikšić
Palaces in Montenegro
Royal residences in Montenegro
The Pilatus P-4 was a Swiss five-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by Pilatus, but had little sales success.
Design and development
The P-4 was not designed specifically as a passenger aircraft, but rather as a versatile working aircraft. The aim was to build a robust aircraft with good slow-flying handling, requiring only short takeoff and landing runs and little maintenance. The P-4 HB-AET took off for its maiden flight on 22 March 1948. Series production never went ahead due to capacity bottlenecks.
The P-4 was unveiled to a wide international public at the 18th Paris Air Show in 1949, and attracted much interest. There were plans to fit the P-4 with floats, or a combination wheel-ski landing gear.
The P-4 was also destined for agricultural work.
On 13 October 1957, the P-4 crashed in the Susten Pass region while on an exercise with the Swiss Air Rescue Service, and was completely written off. Pilatus Aircraft Ltd had always owned the P-4 until that time.
Comparing the P-4 to the PC-6, which was built eleven years later, the P-4 was clearly an intermediate stage on the way to the mature endproduct, the Pilatus Porter PC-6.
Specifications (P-4)
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Pilatus P-4
P-04
1940s Swiss civil utility aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1948
Camoyidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
References
Nematodes
Mette Bødtcher (born 1965) is a Danish ballet dancer. Trained at the Royal Danish Theatre's ballet school, she joined the Royal Danish Ballet in 1983. She performed Ophelia in John Neumeier's Amleth at the Hamburg Ballet in 1985, where she became a soloist in 1986. In Hamburg she danced the title role in La Sylphide before returning to Copenhagen where she performed in Balanchine's Serenade and Flemming Flindt's The Triumph of Death. She has also danced Alvin Ailey's dramatic solo sequence Witness.
Since reaching the age of 40, she has continued to play character parts.
References
1965 births
Living people
Danish ballerinas
People from Copenhagen
Royal Danish Ballet dancers
20th-century Danish ballet dancers
Matea Jelić (born 23 December 1997) is a Croatian taekwondo athlete. She is the 2020 Olympic champion in 67 kg.
She won the gold medal in the women's 67 kg event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran, Algeria.
References
External links
1997 births
Croatian female taekwondo practitioners
Living people
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Sportspeople from Knin
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Croatia
Mediterranean Games medalists in taekwondo
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
European Taekwondo Championships medalists
Olympic taekwondo practitioners of Croatia
Olympic gold medalists for Croatia
Olympic medalists in taekwondo
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Malik Saddu Khan or Sado Khan was a Pashtun figure, and the ancestor of the Sadduzai or Sadozai clan of the Abdali Pashtun tribe, to which belongs Ahmad Shah Abdali and some known families of Multan. He succeeded his father as chief of the Habibzai section of the tribe, but due to his "bravery and ability" he was selected by the Abdalis (later known as Durrani), then living between Kandahar and Herat, to be their overall leader in 1598.
Shadi Khan, the governor of the Emperor Akbar at Kandahar, was hostile to Saddu Khan, so he went over to the interests of Abbas I of Persia, who had lost Kandahar in 1594 and was intriguing for its recovery. This he effected in 1621, after Akbar's death. Saddu Khan died in 1626 leaving five sons, from whom have descended several well-known clans of the Durrani tribe. The descendants of Saddu Khan are known as Sadduzai and one branch of the family, to which Ahmad Shah Durrani, Timur Shah, Zaman Shah, Hassan Javaid Khan and Shuja Shah Durrani belonged, reigned for many years in Kabul.
He has been wrongly called 'Asadullah Khan' or 'Saadullah Khan' by some historians, but his real name was 'Saddu Khan'.
References
Pashtun people
History of Multan
1558 births
1621 deaths
Abraham Shepherd (1776–1847) was a politician from Ohio, United States who was a leader of both houses of the Ohio General Assembly early in the 19th century.
Early life
Abraham Shepherd was born August 13, 1776, in Shepherdstown, Virginia, (now West Virginia). He was among the seven children of John Shepherd and Martha Nelson Shepherd. John Shepherd joined the 4th Virginia Infantry during the American Revolutionary War, and also operated a mill, teaching the business to his son. In 1787, the family moved to Wheeling Creek, and to Limestone, Kentucky, in 1793. They stayed two years before locating in Red Oak, then in Adams County in the Northwest Territory.
In 1799, Abraham Shepherd married Margaret Moore, lived at Red Oak a short time before building a brick house and mill, later known as Pilson's Mill, on Eagle Creek. He also laid out and dedicated a cemetery, known as Baird's Cemetery.
Political
In October, 1803, Shepherd was elected one of three Adams County representatives in the Ohio House of Representatives, and was seated December 5, 1803. He was re-elected in 1804, 1805, and 1806, serving as Speaker during the 1806-07 session. In 1809, Shepherd was again elected to the Ohio House, and he was re-elected in 1810.
During the War of 1812, Shepherd served as captain of a company in the Ohio Militia during 1812 and 1813.
Shepherd returned to the legislature in 1815, being elected to the Ohio State Senate for a two-year term. He served as Speaker of the Senate during the 1816-'7 session. He was elected to another two-year term in 1817, and again was elected Speaker during the 1817-'8 session. In December 1817, he secured the passage of the act creating Brown County, Ohio, from Adams and Clermont, and was then a resident of the new county. He was also a Presidential elector for James Monroe in 1816.
In 1818, the first court was held in Brown County at Ripley, with Joshua Collett presiding. Shepherd was appointed clerk-of-courts for a seven-year term.
Shepherd returned to the Senate in 1825, representing Adams and Brown counties, and during the 1826-'7 session was again Speaker of the Senate. In 1825, the state moved to an Ad valorem tax system, and the State Board of Equalization was created. Shepherd represented the congressional district on the board.
Personal
Shepherd operated Pilson's Mill on Eagle Creek, now in Jefferson Township, Brown County, Ohio, until 1817, when he moved to Ripley, Ohio. He built a mill, operated by steam as early as 1825, at Red Oak, and was also a pork-packer. He was master of a masonic lodge at Ripley in 1818, and was an elder of the Presbyterian Church, and delegate at the Chillicothe Presbytery in 1823, 1830 and 1832.
Shepherd's first wife died in 1818, after having ten children. He married Harriet Kincade on October 19, 1819, and had two more children. In 1834, he had financial reverses, and moved to Putnam County, Illinois, where he died January 16, 1847.
While a Democratic-Republican and later Democrat, Shepherd abandoned the party later on because of slavery, and became an abolitionist.
Notes
References
|-
|-
|-
1776 births
1847 deaths
American militiamen in the War of 1812
American Presbyterians
Ohio Democratic-Republicans
Ohio Democrats
People from Adams County, Ohio
People from Ripley, Ohio
People from Shepherdstown, West Virginia
Presidents of the Ohio State Senate
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
1816 United States presidential electors
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
American abolitionists
American militia officers
Presbyterian abolitionists
Ölçek, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
The men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 14 October.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Tangail Polytechnic Institute () or (TPI) is a polytechnic institute in Tangail, Bangladesh established in 1991.
History
Tangail Polytechnic Institute was established in 1991 with 40 students in the first year classes of diploma in engineering in Electrical technology. With growing demands of mid level technical manpower home and abroad the institute has since greatly expanded. The institute now offers courses in seven technologies.
Location
The institute is located north of Tangail center new bus terminal, eastern side of Tangail - Mymensingh road, in front of two other government offices Ban bhaban (Forest Department of Tangail) & B.A.D.C of Tangail zone.
Photo gallery
Department
Electrical
Electronics
Computer
Construction
Telecommunication
Mechanical
Civil
Directorates
The institute operates under the executive control of the Ministry of Education acting through the Directorate of Technical Education. The academic programmes, curriculams are maintained under the regulation of the Bangladesh Technical Education Board.
References
External links
Official website
Polytechnic institutes in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 1991
1991 establishments in Bangladesh
Tangail City
Organisations based in Tangail
Universities and colleges in Tangail District
Edward Ross was a Scottish rugby union player.
He was capped once for in 1904. He also played for London Scottish FC.
He was the brother of James Ross who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The skeletal system of the horse has three major functions in the body. It protects vital organs, provides framework, and supports soft parts of the body. Horses typically have 205 bones. The pelvic limb typically contains 19 bones, while the thoracic limb contains 20 bones.
Functions of bones
Bones serve three major functions in the skeletal system; they act as levers, they store minerals, and they are the site of red blood cell formation. Bones can be classified into five categories
Long bones: aid in locomotion, store minerals, and act as levers. They are found mainly in the limbs.
Short bones: Absorb concussion. Found in joints such as the knee, hock, and fetlock.
Flat bones: Enclose body cavities containing organs. The ribs are examples of flat bones.
Irregular bones: Protect the central nervous system. The vertebral column consists of irregular bones.
Sesamoid bones: Bones embedded within a tendon. The horse's proximal digital sesamoids are simply called the "sesamoid bones" by horsemen, his distal digital sesamoid is referred to as the navicular bone.
Ligaments and tendons hold the skeletal system together. Ligaments hold bones to bones and tendons hold bones to muscles. Synovial membranes are found in joint capsules, where they contain synovial fluid, which lubricates joints. Bones are covered by a tough membrane called periosteum, which covers the entire bone excluding areas of articulation.
Ligaments
Ligaments attach bone to bone, and are vital in stabilizing joints as well as supporting structures. They are made up of fibrous material that is generally quite strong. Due to their relatively poor blood supply, ligament injuries generally take a long time to heal.
Ligaments of the upper body include:
Nuchal and supraspinous ligaments: the nuchal ligament attaches to the dorsal surface of the cervical vertebrae. Its dorsal section extends from the occipital protuberance of the skull (the poll) to the withers, then narrows to become the supraspinous ligament. It also connects the 2-7th cervical vertebrae to the 1-3rd thoracic vertebrae. Its main purpose is to support the head and allow it to be moved upward or downward.
Intercapital ligaments: lie between the first through eleventh ribs. Help to prevent thoracic disk herniation.
Ligaments of the legs include:
Suspensory ligament: runs from the back of the cannon bone (between the two splint bones), then splits into two branches and attaches to the sesamoid bones at the bottom of the fetlock. Branches continue downward and attach to the extensor tendons. The main purpose of the suspensory is to support the fetlock joint, preventing it from overextending. Injury to this ligament is an important cause of lameness in performance horses. The suspensory is a modified muscle, the equine equivalent of the interosseous muscle, which contains both tendon fibers and residual muscle fibers.
Interosseous ligaments: connect the cannon bone to each splint bone. Injury to this ligament produces the condition known as "splints".
Proximal and distal check ligaments: The proximal check ligament originates from the radius and attaches to the superficial digital flexor tendon. The distal check originates from the palmar carpal ligament and attaches to the deep digital flexor tendon, approximately 2/3-way down the metacarpus.
Plantar ligament: in the hind leg, runs down the lateral side of the tarsus, attaches to the fibular, 4th tarsal, and 3rd metatarsal bones. Injury leads to a condition known as "curb."
Inter-sesamoidean ligaments: supporting ligaments, run between the two sesamoid bones.
Distal sesamoidean ligaments: run from the sesamoid bones to the two pastern bones. Important in the stay apparatus.
Impar ligament: runs between the navicular bone and the 3rd phalanx.
Annular ligament: goes around the back of the fetlock, surrounding the flexor tendons and their tendon sheath, attaching to the sesamoid bones. It helps to support the fetlock, and provides an enclosed "pulley" for the flexor tendons to run through.
Sacrosciatic ligament: Originates from the sacrum and coccygeal vertebrae, inserts into the pelvis.
Axial skeleton
The axial skeleton contains the skull, vertebral column, sternum, and ribs. The sternum consists of multiple sternebrae, which fuse to form one bone, attached to the 8 "true" pairs of ribs, out of a total of 18.
The vertebral column usually contains 54 bones: 7 cervical vertebrae, including the atlas (C1) and axis (C2) which support and help move the skull, 18 (or rarely, 19) thoracic, 5-6 lumbar, 5 sacral (which fuse together to form the sacrum), and 15-25 caudal vertebrae with an average of 18. Differences in number may occur, particularly in certain breeds. For example, some, though not all, Arabians, may have 5 lumbar vertebrae, opposed to the usual 6, 17 thoracic vertebrae (and ribs) instead of 18, and 16 or 17 caudal vertebrae instead of 18. The withers of the horse are made up by the dorsal spinal processes of the thoracic vertebrae numbers 5 to 9.
The skull consists of 34 bones and contains four cavities: the cranial cavity, the orbital cavity, oral, and the nasal cavity. The cranial cavity encloses and protects the brain and it supports several sense organs. The orbital cavitity surrounds and protects the eye. The oral cavity is a passage way into the respiratory and digestive systems. The nasal cavity leads into the respiratory system, and includes extensive paranasal sinuses. The nasal cavity contains turbinate bones that protect the mucous membrane that lines the cavity from warm inspired air. The skull consists of fourteen major bones
Incisive bone (premaxillary): part of the upper jaw; where the incisors attach
Nasal bone: covers the nasal cavity
Maxillary bone: a large bone that contains the roots of the molars
Mandible: lower portion of the jaw; largest bone in the skull
Lacrimal bone: contains the nasolacrimal duct, which carries fluid from the surface of the eye, to the nose
Frontal bone: creates the forehead of the horse
Parietal bone: extends from the forehead to the back of the skull
Occipital bone: forms the joint between the skull and the first vertebrae of the neck (the atlas)
Temporal bone: contains the eternal acoustic meatus, which transmits sound from the ear to the cochlea (eardrum)
Zygomatic bone: attaches to the temporal bone to form the zygomatic arch (cheek bone)
Palatine bone: forms the back of the hard palate
Sphenoid: formed by fusion of the foetal basisphenoid and presphenoid bones, at the base of the skull. Can become fractured in horses that rear over backwards.
Vomer: forms the top of the inside of the nasal cavity
Pterygoid: small bone attached to the sphenoid that extends downward
Appendicular skeleton
The appendicular skeleton contains the fore and hindlimbs. The hindlimb attaches to the vertebral column via the pelvis, while the forelimb does not directly attach to the spine (as a horse does not have a collar bone), and is instead suspended in place by muscles and tendons. This allows great mobility in the front limb, and is partially responsible for the horse's ability to fold his legs up when jumping. Although the hindlimb supports only about 40% of the weight of the animal, it creates most of the forward movement of the horse, and is stabilized through attachments to the spine.
Important bones and joints of the forelimb
Scapula (shoulder blade): flat bone with a large area of cartilage that partially forms the withers. The shoulder length and angle is very important to horsemen when evaluating conformation.
Humerus: lies between the scapula and the radius, making an angle of about 55 degrees down and back. (Misspelled in the picture as "Humercus")
Radius: extends from the elbow, where it articulates with the humerus, and travels downward to the carpus. It forms the "forearm" of the horse along with the ulna.
Ulna: caudal to the radius, it is usually partially fused to that bone in an adult horse.
Shoulder joint (scapulohumeral joint): usually has an angle of 120-130 degrees when the horse is standing, which can extended to 145 degrees, and flexed to 80 degrees (such as when the horse is jumping an obstacle).
Elbow joint (humeroradial joint): hinge joint that can flex 55-60 degrees.
Carpus (knee): consists of 7-8 bones placed in 2 rows to form 3 joints. The 1st carpal bone is present only 50% of the time. Which on humans is the wrist.
Important bones and joints of the hindlimb
Pelvis: made up of the os coxae, the largest of the flat bones in a horse. It is made up of the ilium, the ischium, and the pubis. At the junction of these three bones is a cavity called the acetabulum, which acts as the socket of the hip joint. The pelvic cavity is larger in diameter in the mare than in the stallion, providing more room for the foal during birth.
Femur: the largest long bone in a horse. Proximally it forms a ball-and-socket joint with the pelvis to form the hip joint, and distally it meets the tibia and patella at the stifle joint. It serves as an attachment point for the deep and middle gluteal muscles, and the accessory and round ligaments.
Patella
Tibia: runs from stifle to hock. The proximal end provides attachment for the patellar ligaments, meniscal ligaments, cruciate ligaments, and collateral ligaments of the stifle. The distal end provides attachment for the collateral ligaments of the hock.
Fibula: completely fused to the tibia in most horses.
Hip joint : Ball-and-socket joint made up of the acetabulum of the pelvis and the femur. It is very stable.
Stifle joint (femoropatellar joint): actually composed of three joint compartments: the femoropatellar joint, the medial femorotibial joint, and the lateral femorotibial joint, which are stabilized by a network of ligaments. The stifle has an articular angle of about 150 degrees.
Tarsus (hock): consists of 6 bones (of which one is made up of the fused 1st and 2nd tarsal bones) aligned in 3 rows. The largest bone in the hock, the calcaneus or fibular tarsal bone, corresponds to the human heel, and creates the tuber calcis (point of hock). It is to this point that the tendon of the gastrocnemius, portions of the biceps femoris, and portions of the superficial digital flexor attach.
Bones of the lower limb
Bones of the lower limb, present in both the front and hind legs, include the cannon bone (3rd metacarpal/3rd metatarsal), splint bones (2nd and 4th metacarpal/metatarsal), proximal sesamoid bones, long pastern (proximal or 1st phalanx), short pastern (middle or 2nd phalanx), coffin bone (distal or 3rd phalanx), and navicular bone (distal sesamoid). There are usually slight differences in these bones when comparing the front and the hind. The 3rd metatarsal is about 1/6 longer than the 3rd metacarpal. Similarly, the 2nd and 4th metatarsals are longer in length when compared to their front-end counterpart. In the hindlimb, the 1st phalanx is shorter and the 2nd phalanx is longer than in the frontlimb. In addition, the 2nd and 3rd phalanx are narrower in the hind limb. The angle created by these three bones in the hindleg is steeper by about 5 degrees, therefore making the pastern angle steeper behind than in front.
Skeletal system disorders
Arthritis (horse)
Degenerative joint disease (DJD), such as bone spavin, ringbone, omarthritis
Inflammatory joint disease such as Carpitis (sprained knee), osselets
Bucked shins
Curb
Degenerative suspensory ligament desmitis (DSLD), and sprains of the suspensory ligament
Fractures
Locked kneecap (delayed patellar release or intermittent upward fixation of the patella)
Navicular disease
Osteochondrosis (horse)
Sesamoiditis
Splints
Wry nose
Joint disease in horses
Performance horses, like human athletes, place a high amount of stress on their bones and joints. This is especially true if the horse jumps, gallops, or performs sudden turns or changes of pace, as can be seen in racehorses, show jumpers, eventers, polo ponies, reiners, and western performance horses. A high percentage of performance horses develop arthritis, especially if they are worked intensely when young or are worked on poor footing.
Treatment of early joint disease often involves a combination of management and nutraceuticals. Intramuscular, intravenous, and intra-articular medications may be added as the disease progresses. Advanced therapies, such as Interleukin-1 Receptor Antagonist Protein (IRAP) and stem cell treatments, are available for acute cases.
References
Forney, Barbara C, MS, VMD.Equine Medications, Revised Edition. Blood Horse Publications. Lexington, KY. Copyright 2007.
Horse anatomy
Equine injury and lameness
Skeletal system
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to cuisines:
Cuisine – specific set of cooking traditions and practices, often associated with a specific culture. It is frequently named after the region or place where its underlining culture is present. A cuisine is primarily influenced by the ingredients that are available locally or through trade. Religious food laws can also exercise a strong influence on culinary practices.
What is a cuisine?
Style of food preparation – preparing food for eating, generally requires selection, measurement and combination of ingredients in an ordered procedure so as to achieve desired results. Food preparation includes but is not limited to cooking.
Food and drink – see 'Components of a cuisine', below
Types of cuisine
See: List of cuisines
Components of a cuisine
Food and drink
Drink (beverages) of particular types – drinks are liquids specifically prepared for human consumption. In addition to basic needs, beverages form part of the culture of human society. Although all beverages, including juice, soft drinks, and carbonated drinks, have some form of water in them, water itself is often not classified as a beverage, and the word beverage has been recurrently defined as not referring to water. See List of beverages.
Food of particular types, including the way it is presented – food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for the body. It is usually of plant or animal origin, and contains essential nutrients, such as fats, proteins, vitamins, or minerals. The substance is ingested by an organism and assimilated by the organism's cells to provide energy, maintain life, or stimulate growth. See List of foods.
Food presentation – art of modifying, processing, arranging, or decorating food to enhance its aesthetic appeal. The visual presentation of foods is often considered by chefs at many different stages of food preparation, from the manner of tying or sewing meats, to the type of cut used in chopping and slicing meats or vegetables, to the style of mold used in a poured dish. The food itself may be decorated as in elaborately iced cakes, topped with ornamental sometimes sculptural consumables, drizzled with sauces, sprinkled with seeds, powders, or other toppings, or it may be accompanied by edible or inedible garnishes.
Food preparation styles – see Food preparation techniques
Meals
Meals (outline) – cuisine is generally served in the form of a meal. A meal is an eating occasion that takes place at a certain time and includes specific, prepared food, or the food eaten on that occasion. The names used for specific meals in English vary greatly, depending on the speaker's culture, the time of day, or the size of the meal. Meals are composed of one or more courses, which in turn are composed of one or more dishes.
Meal structure in cuisines
Meal structure varies by culture. Here are some examples:
Meal structure in Arab cuisine – includes breakfast, lunch, and dinner (including dessert). However, during Ramadan (9th month), fasting is paramount, and lasts from dawn to sunset. Each day during Ramadan, before dawn, many Muslims observe a pre-fast meal called the suhoor. After stopping a short time before dawn, Muslims begin the first prayer of the day, Fajr. At sunset, families hasten for the fast-breaking meal known as iftar.
Meal structure in Bolivian cuisine – lunch () is the most important meal of the Bolivian day. Bolivians observe an afternoon tea time () similar to those in England. Dinner () is a lighter, much more informal affair than lunch.
Meal structure in Danish cuisine – usually consists of a cold breakfast with coffee or tea, a cold lunch at work and a hot dinner at home with the family. Some also have a snack in the middle of the afternoon or in the late evening.
Meal structure in Dutch cuisine – the Dutch eat at breakfast and lunch (which differ little from each other), tea time, and dinner (including dessert)
Meal structure in English cuisine – Breakfast is traditional throughout England. Lower-middle-class and working-class people, especially from the North of England, the English Midlands, and Scotland, traditionally call their midday meal dinner and their evening meal (served around 6 pm) tea, whereas the upper social classes call the midday meal lunch (or luncheon), and the evening meal (served after 7 pm) dinner (if formal) or supper (often eaten later in the evening), with afternoon tea as a light meal typically eaten between 4 pm and 6 pm.
Meal structure in French cuisine – breakfast (), lunch (), dinner () and dessert. Beverages that precede a meal are called (literally: that opens the appetite), and can be served with (literally: mouth amuser). Those that end it are called .
Meal structure in German cuisine – traditionally, the day starts with breakfast (), lunch () is the main meal, followed by a smaller dinner ( or ) with dessert.
Meal structure in Iranian cuisine – breakfast is called sobhāneh. Lunch and dinner (naahaar va shaam) are not distinguished in Persian. You can usually find tea brewing throughout the day in most Iranian homes.
Meal structure in Italian cuisine – breakfast (), lunch (), mid-afternoon snack (), and dinner ()
Meal structure in Moroccan cuisine
History of cuisine
List of historical cuisines
History of cooking – no known clear archeological evidence for the first cooking of food has survived. Most anthropologists believe that cooking fires began only about 250,000 years ago, when hearths started appearing.
History of Asian cuisine
History of Chinese cuisine – marked by both variety and change. The archaeologist and scholar K.C. Chang says "Chinese people are especially preoccupied with food" and "food is at the center of, or at least it accompanies or symbolizes, many social interactions." Over the course of history, he says, "continuity vastly outweighs change." He explains basic organizing principles which go back to the earliest times and give a continuity to the food tradition, principally that a normal meal is made up of fan（） (grains and other starches) and cai（） (vegetable or meat dishes).
List of sources of Chinese culinary history
History of cuisine from the Indian subcontinent – consists of the cuisines of the Indian subcontinent, is rich and diverse. As a land that has experienced extensive immigration and intermingling through many millennia, the Indian subcontinent has benefited from numerous food influences. The diverse climate in the region, ranging from deep tropical to alpine, has also helped considerably broaden the set of ingredients readily available to the many schools of cookery in India.
History of Japanese cuisine
History of Latin cuisine
History of Argentine cuisine – is rich and diverse. As a land that has experienced extensive immigration through many years, the country has benefited from numerous food influences. The diverse climate in the region, ranging from subtropical to subpolar, has also helped considerably broaden the set of ingredients readily available.
History of Middle Eastern cuisine
History of Iraqi cuisine – among the ancient texts discovered in Iraq is a Sumerian-Akkadian bilingual dictionary, recorded in cuneiform script on 24 stone tablets about 1900 BC. It lists terms in the two ancient Iraqi languages for over 800 different items of food and drink. Included are 20 different kinds of cheese, over 100 varieties of soup and 300 types of bread – each with different ingredients, filling, shape or size.
See also
Outline of food preparation
Gastronomy
Global cuisines
Regional cuisine
References
External links
Cuisine
Cuisine
Cuisines
Rebholz Nunatak () is an isolated nunatak just north of the Hudson Mountains, located 8 nautical miles (15 km) north-northwest of Teeters Nunatak. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Maj. Edward Rebholz, operations officer of the U.S. Army Aviation Detachment which supported the Ellsworth Land Survey, 1968–69.
Hudson Mountains
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
Hans Erwin Hagedorn (30 January 1952 – 15 September 1972) was an East German serial killer who murdered three young boys from 1969 until 1971.
Murders
On 31 May 1969 Hagedorn killed two nine-year-old boys, Henry Specht and Mario Louis, in a forest in Eberswalde with a knife. The bodies were found two weeks later. Both victims died from deep cuts to the neck, one cut so severe that one of the children found two weeks later had his head severed as a result of the rotting of the corpse. Extensive investigations were commenced, with a psychological offender profile being assembled and the Ministry for State Security obtaining documents about the case of West German child murderer Jürgen Bartsch. However, first investigations were not successful.
More than two years later, on 7 October 1971, Hagedorn killed Ronald Winkler, a 12 -year-old boy, in the same area and in the same way he had killed his first two victims. Shortly afterwards the decisive clue came from a boy who reported to have been sexually harassed in the year before the first murders took place. Erwin Hagedorn was arrested on 12 November 1971 and immediately confessed to the murders. East Germany had abolished capital punishment for juvenile offenders in 1952, meaning that Hagedorn could only face execution for murder he committed in 1971, when he was an adult.
In May 1972, Hagedorn convicted of murder with aggravating circumstances and sentenced to death. An appeal for clemency was denied by Head of State Walter Ulbricht. The 20-year-old Hagedorn was executed by a single shot in the back of the neck on 15 September 1972. His body was cremated and buried in a secret place.
He was the last regular criminal executed in the German Democratic Republic, though executions for political-laden crimes continued until the abolition of capital punishment in the 1980s. The last execution is believed to be that of Werner Teske in 1981.
Hagedorn was shot by Hermann Lorenz, a Stasi officer who shot 29 people during his time as East Germany's executioner. During an interview, he said neither Hagedorn, nor any of the other 28 people he executed, cried out or resisted as they were escorted to the death chamber.
See also
List of German serial killers
Capital punishment in Germany
Documentary
Die großen Kriminalfälle: Tod einer Bestie – Der Fall Hagedorn, 2001 (German)
Literature
Werremeier, Friedhelm: Der Fall Heckenrose, Bertelsmann, München / Gütersloh / Vienna 1975, .
Brückweh, Kerstin: Mordlust. Serienmorde, Gewalt und Emotionen im 20. Jahrhundert. : Campus, Frankfurt am Main / New York, NY 2006, .
Mittmann, Wolfgang: „Tatzeit. Große Fälle der deutschen Volkspolizei. Band 1 und 2“, Das Neue Berlin, Berlin 2000, S. 445–508, .
References
1952 births
1972 deaths
20th-century German criminals
Criminals from Brandenburg
Executed East German people
Executed German serial killers
Executed people from Brandenburg
German murderers of children
German people convicted of child sexual abuse
German people convicted of murder
German rapists
Male serial killers
Murder committed by minors
People convicted of murder by Germany
People executed by East Germany by firearm
People from Eberswalde
Violence against men in Europe
XHARE-FM is a radio station on 97.7 FM in Ojinaga, Chihuahua. The station is owned by the succession of Alfredo Rohana Estrada and carries the Ke Buena national grupera format from Radiópolis.
History
XHARE began on AM as XEARE-AM 1450, receiving its concession on June 12, 1981. It migrated to FM in 2011.
At one point in the mid-2010s, XHARE was just one of two remaining FM Globo stations in Mexico, along with MVS-owned XHPF-FM Mexicali. MVS began to use the format on more stations in 2018.
On August 3, 2020, XHARE-FM flipped from FM Globo to Ke Buena.
References
Radio stations in Chihuahua
The Arboretum des Quintes (5 hectares) is an arboretum located in Laigné-en-Belin, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France. It contains several hundred trees and shrubs, consisting of oaks, chestnuts, fruit trees, and so forth, as well as one hectare planted with representative landscapes of the Sarthe, including hedges and orchards.
See also
List of botanical gardens in France
References
Commune de Laigné-en-Belin: An educational stroll at Laigné-en-Belin
Commune de Laigné-en-Belin: La commune en bref (French)
Quintes, Arboretum des
Quintes, Arboretum des
Vanambadi () is an Indian musical television series. The show premiered first on 30 January 2017 on Asianet channel and streaming on Disney+ Hotstar and last episode aired on 18 September 2020. The show features Saikiran Ram, Chippy Renjith, Gouri P
Krishnan and others. It marks the debut of Telugu actor Sai Kiran in the Malayalam industry. It is the official remake of the Bengali language series Potol Kumar Gaanwala.
Synopsis
Mohan Kumar, a budding singer falls in love with Nandini, a normal village girl. They get secretly married. However, Mohan is forced to choose between music and Nandini. He chooses the former and abandons Nandini. Mohan marries a wealthy woman named Padmini "Puppy" Menon, unaware that Nandini is pregnant.
Padmini gives birth to Thampuru, and Nandini gives birth to Anugraha "Anu". Thampuru is a spoilt brat. While Anugraha, just like her father, loves music. Nandini lives with her brother Nandu and sister in law Bhadra who dislike her. Eventually, Anu is seen to be a great fan of Mohan and goes to meet him. Nandini, gets hit by a car and is hospitalized. Anu collects money for her mother's treatment only to be devastated to know that Nandini has died.
Anu wanders off alone, dressed up as a boy, where she reaches Mohan's home where Every member, except Padmini, Thampuru and her parents becomes fond of Anu by her musical talent. Mohan's brother Chandran and his wife Nirmala decides to adopt Anu. Padmini gets to know about Anu's true identity and reveals it to all. Meanwhile, Bhadra realises her mistakes and enters Sreemangalam house as a housemaid named Kalyani, Anu recognises her. Kalyani (Bhadra) too starts supporting Anu.
The rest of the story hurdles about Anu's life in that house. Including, the friend-foe relationship between Anu and Thampuru. Mohan and Anu starts to get closer where Mohan realise that Anu is his daughter. Thampuru discovers that Anu is her half sister. Anu and Thampuru get even more closer.
However, the series ends, as Padmini realises her mistakes. Guilt-ridden, Padmini leaves the house after leaving a message, to Mohan and Thampuru and asks Anu for forgiveness. Mohan, Thampuru and Anu are much worried about her, as they wait in a hope that she will return.
Cast
Saikiran Ram as Mohankumar / Mohanakrishnan
Chippy Renjith as Nandini Mohankumar, Anumol's mother
Gouri P Krishnan as Anugraha Mohankumar/Anumol/Anumon/Gouri
Suchithra Nair as Padmini "Puppy" Mohankumar
Sona Jelina as Thampuru Mohankumar & Aiswarya Maheendran (Dual role)
Balu Menon as Chandrakumar / Chandrasekharan / Chandran
Uma Nair as Nirmala "Nimmy" Chandran
Mohan Ayroor as Meledath Viswanathan Menon, Padmini's father
Pria Menon as Rukmini Viswanathan, Padmini's mother
Indira Thampi as Sreemangalath Devakiyamma, Mohan and Chandran's mother
Rajkumar as DYSP Jayaraj / Jayan, Padmini's uncle
Seema G. Nair as Bhadra / Kalyani, Anumol's aunt
Saji Surya as Driver Sudevan
Nandu Pothuval as Nandagopan / Nandan / Nandu Maman, Anumol's uncle
Rajeev Parameshwar as Maheendran / Mahi, Thamburu's real father
Anusree Chembakassery as Archana Maheendran / Achu
Divya Jayish Nair as Nandini (governess)
Manu Varma as Doctor GK, Mohan's friend
Indulekha as Devi Teacher
J. Pallassery as Kalappurakkal Madhavan, Nirmala's father
Girija Preman as Yashodhamma, Nirmala's mother
Deepika Mohan as Maheswariyamma, Maheendran's mother
Vipin James as Pramod Krishnan
Ravikrishnan Gopalakrishnan as Simon
Santhosh Keshavan as Vijayanandan
Hareendran as Vinod
Yathikumar as Ananthan / Anantha Moorthi
Kailas Nath as Vasudevan / Vasu Annan, Menon's Karyasthan
J Padmanabhan Thampi as Venugopalan Thampi / Thampi Annan, Temple Committee President
Kottayam Rasheed as Mamachan, mechanic
Anand Thrissur as Suresh
Raghavan as Devan (Anumol's Swami Muthashan)
Geetha Nair as Lakshmi Devan
Sharika Menon as Priya Suresh
Neeraja as Neeraja, Nirmala's sister
Biji Raj as Satheeshan, Neeraja's husband
Baby Megha Mahesh as Neeraja's and Satheeshan's daughter
F.J. Tharakan as Jacob Tharakan
Rajmohan as SI Rajmohan
Sindhu Varma as Mamachan's wife
Sreekala as Karthiyayani
Kaladharan as Swami
Amboori Jayan as Jayanthan
Thirumala Ramachandran as Balan
Kuttyedathi Vilasini
Manu Gopinathan as Balu
Sachin SG as Sumesh
Achu Sugandh as Pappikunju
Nariyapuram Venu
Notes
It is the second Musical series in Malayalam language after Paatukalude Paatu On Surya TV.
Soundtrack
Awards and nominations
Adaptations
References
2017 Indian television series debuts
Malayalam-language television shows
Asianet (TV channel) original programming
Roberts Ice Piedmont () is a large ice piedmont, 20 nautical miles (37 km) long in a north–south direction and 15 nautical miles (28 km) wide, lying to the north and northwest of Mount Calais and occupying most of the northeast corner of Alexander Island, Antarctica. It was first seen from a distance and roughly surveyed by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1908–10, under Charcot. It was photographed from the air by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) on August 15, 1936, and roughly mapped from these photos. It was then named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1955 after Brian B. Roberts (1912–78), a British ornithologist, polar specialist and leading figure in the development of Antarctic nomenclature; ornithologist, BGLE, 1934–37; Secretary, United Kingdom Antarctic Place-names Committee, 1945–74. About six nunataks are situated within the Roberts Ice Piedmont, these are Hengist Nunatak (a separate nunatak) and the Horsa Nunataks (a group of about five nunataks). Both of these features are named after Saxon kings of England in the fifth century; however, they have no association or relation with Brian B. Roberts and the Roberts Ice Piedmont itself.
See also
Handel Ice Piedmont
Mozart Ice Piedmont
Ice piedmonts of Palmer Land
Bodies of ice of Alexander Island
Nicolás Jaar (; ; born January 10, 1990) is a Chilean-American composer and recording artist based in New York. Among his notable works are the albums Space Is Only Noise (2011), Sirens (2016), and Cenizas (2020). He has also released two albums as one half of his band Darkside (Psychic, 2013, Spiral, 2021) and two further albums under the alias Against All Logic.
After folding his record label Clown & Sunset in 2013, Jaar founded Other People and has since released many experimental recordings through the imprint, including works by Lydia Lunch, Pierre Bastien, John Wall and Lucrecia Dalt. He scored Jacques Audiard's Dheepan (2015 Palme d'Or winner) and Pablo Larrain's 2019 film Ema.
Early life
Jaar was born in New York to Chilean parents Evelyne Meynard, a dancer, and Alfredo Jaar, an artist and architect. His mother is ethnically French, while his father has Dutch and Palestinian ancestry; the surname Jaar is said to originate in Bethlehem. After his parents' separation, Jaar moved with his mother to Santiago at the age of three, where he lived until moving back to New York at the age of nine when his parents reconciled. Jaar attended Lycée Français de New York.
Jaar matriculated at Brown University in 2008; he graduated from Brown in 2012 with a degree in comparative literature.
Career
2007–2011: Beginnings and debut album
In 2007, Jaar met Gadi Mizrahi and Zev Eisenberg who ran the legendary "Marcy" parties in Brooklyn, New York. After hearing his early works, Mizrahi suggested 17 year-old Jaar put a 4/4 kick drum underneath his largely experimental compositions. This was Jaar's first foray into dance music, documented in his first release on Mizrahi's label Wolf + Lamb, entitled The Student. Mizrahi said of Jaar: "Back then everything D.J.'s were playing was 128 beats per minute. The stuff he was doing was almost half that speed."Jaar spent the next 4 years in the NY underground dance scene creating rough, hip hop influenced house music, releasing such singles as "Love You Gotta Lose Again" and "Don't Believe the Hype". During this time, Jaar made two songs featuring his vocals in Spanish, "Mi Mujer" and "El Bandido", which he did not originally intend to release as they were made as jokes to make his mother laugh and dance. However, he later chose to release them in 2010 in response to noticing a trend of non-Latin DJs sampling Latin American music without compensation.
He released his debut album, Space Is Only Noise, in January 2011 to critical acclaim and four stars from The Guardian. It was ranked #1 album of the year by Resident Advisor, Mixmag, and Crack Mag. Jaar toured the album with his future bandmate Dave Harrington (later of Darkside) and Will Epstein, and was later voted #1 Live Act on Resident Advisor for the three years he toured the record.
2012–2017: Darkside and Sirens
In 2012, Jaar debuted a live concept called From Scratch, where, in front of a live audience, he sampled records he had bought that day. The first iteration happened in Queens, New York at MOMA PS1; it was a five-hour concert with collaboration from Will Epstein, videographer Ryan Staake, dancer Lizzie Feidelson and singer Sasha Spielberg. He has also performed From Scratch in Boulder, Colorado, and Montréal, Quebec.
On May 18, 2012, Jaar made his BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix debut, which was voted Radio 1's Essential Mix Of The Year of 2012.
On October 4, 2013, Psychic, the debut album from Darkside, Jaar's project with longtime collaborator Dave Harrington, was released to critical acclaim and a 9.0 score on Pitchfork. The band toured the record for the entirety of 2014.
In February 2015, Jaar released an ambient and noise record entitled Pomegranates, which was described as sounding "like broken Middle Eastern instruments half-playing a modal melody amid bursts of hiss". Later that year, Jaar scored the soundtrack to Dheepan, a thriller by French filmmaker Jacques Audiard about a family of Sri Lankan refugees living in the suburbs of Paris. It was the winner of the Palme d'Or at Cannes 2015.
His second studio album, Sirens, was released in September 2016. Rolling Stone named it the #1 Electronic Album of the year. A deluxe version was released in December 2017, containing three new tracks interspersed throughout the album.
2018–present: Against All Logic, return of Darkside
On February 17, 2018, Jaar released his first album under his new alias Against All Logic, titled 2012-2017. The album, released with little warning and no direct references to Jaar's name, received critical acclaim upon its release, including a score of 8.8 and "Best New Music" designation from Pitchfork.
Jaar co-produced most of FKA Twigs's second studio album, Magdalene, released in October 2019.
In 2020, Jaar released three albums; 2017-2019 in February (as Against All Logic), Cenizas in March, and Telas in July.
Nearly eight years after the release of their debut album, Darkside released their second studio album, Spiral, on July 23, 2021 via Matador Records. It received generally favorable reviews.
Other People
Jaar founded New York-based imprint Other People. It has published music from artists such as Lydia Lunch, John Wall, Pierre Bastien, Tomaga, DJ Slugo, William Basinski, VTGNIKE, Nikita Quasim, 12z, Sary Moussa and the Terepa collective, which consists of such artists as Kouhei Matsunaga, Laurel Halo, Lucrecia Dalt, Charlotte Collin, and Julia Holter. Other People has also featured the visual & audio work of artists Africanus Okokon and Maziyar Pahlevan.
In 2016, Other People launched THE NETWORK, a web of 111 fictional radio stations done in collaboration with visual artists Jena Myung and Maziyar Pahlevan. In 2017, THE NETWORK became a book, published by PRINTED MATTER in NY.
Discography
Space Is Only Noise (2011)
Pomegranates (2015)
Nymphs (2016)
Sirens (2016)
Cenizas (2020)
Telas (2020)
Against All Logic
2012-2017 (2018)
2017-2019 (2020)
Awards and nominations
{| class="wikitable sortable plainrowheaders"
|-
! scope="col" | Award
! scope="col" | Year
! scope="col" | Nominee(s)
! scope="col" | Category
! scope="col" | Result
! scope="col" class="unsortable"|
|-
! scope="row"|BBC Radio 1
| 2012
| Nicolás Jaar (2012-05-19)
| Essential Mix of the Year
|
|
|-
! scope="row"|International Dance Music Awards
| 2016
| "Don't Break My Love"
| Best Chillout/Lounge Track
|
|
References
External links
Living people
American electronic musicians
American people of Chilean descent
Naturalized citizens of Chile
Chilean musicians
Brown University alumni
Lycée Français de New York alumni
Musicians from New York City
Chilean people of Palestinian descent
1990 births
As Kapellmeister at Hamburg from 1768 to 1788, Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach composed 21 settings of the Passion narrative and 1 Passion oratorio (the Passion Cantata Die letzten Leiden des Erlösers H. 776).
History
The tradition of the German oratorio Passion began in Hamburg in 1643 with Thomas Selle's St John Passion and continued unbroken until the death of Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach in 1788. The oratorio Passion, made famous by Johann Sebastian Bach in his St John Passion and St Matthew Passion, is the style that is most familiar to the modern listener. It makes use of recitative to tell the Passion narrative and initially intersperses reflective chorales but later arias and choruses as well. This is in contrast to the Passion oratorio, a genre typified by the so-called Brockes-Passion text (set by Georg Philipp Telemann and George Frideric Handel, among others). The Passion oratorio does away with the vocal characterization used in the oratorio Passion and is a more free, poetic retelling of the narrative, rather than a direct quote from the Gospels. Bach himself made this distinction when he wrote to Georg Michael Telemann in 1767 to clarify his duties in Hamburg: "are [Passions] presented in the historic and old manner with the Evangelist and other persons, or is it arranged in the manner of an oratorio with reflections, as is the case in Ramler's oratorio [Der Tod Jesu, arguably the most famous setting of this text is by Carl Heinrich Graun]?" As the clergy in Hamburg were rather conservative, they preserved this "old-fashioned" style until the church music reform in 1789, after Bach's death.
Bach's Passions
Each year while he was in Hamburg, Bach compiled a new Passion to be performed during Lent. The Gospel text to be used was chosen on a rotating cycle, as was the Hamburg tradition established in the late 17th century, in the order Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. As they were performed in a regular Sunday service (not at a separate vesper, as was the custom in Leipzig), Bach modeled his Passions on those of Telemann: they were roughly an hour long, and began in the Garden of Gethsemane and ended with the death of Jesus, rather than telling the contextualizing details as well. The biblical text was set in recitative and assigned to the appropriate characters (individual singers taking the roles of the Evangelist, Jesus, Peter, and so on). Reflective chorales and arias were inserted at predefined points in the narrative, providing commentary on the Passion events. The length was generally carefully kept within one hour.
The Passion for the year was performed five times during Lent, once in each church. They were performed starting in the oldest church and moving to the youngest church as follows: St. Peter, St. Nicholas, St. Catherine, St. James and St. Michael. The Passion librettos were printed each year for sale to the congregation; copies of these librettos survive to this day in the Hamburg Staatsarchiv. It is important to note that in addition to the chorale texts, the librettos also listed a corresponding number in the Hamburg Gesangbuch (Hymnal), strongly suggesting that the congregation participated in the chorale singing.
Out of all 21 Passions written in Hamburg, none is an entirely original work. Though Bach did borrow from himself, he more frequently borrowed from other composers. He often borrowed biblical material (usually turba choruses) from Telemann and J. S. Bach. For the arias and non-biblical choruses, he turned to the music of his contemporaries, most often Gottfried August Homilius, but also Georg Benda and Gottfried Heinrich Stölzel.
The Passions were never published in Bach's lifetime, and survive only in manuscript form. These materials, however, were lost after World War II and were only rediscovered in 1999. In 2001, they were returned to their home at the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin, where they remain to this day. They are currently being transcribed into modern, engraved editions by the Packard Humanities Institute. One exception seems to be the last of the passions, a keyboard reduction of which was published in the year of its premiere (1789).
Works
The Passions themselves are as follows (year of performance given):
Passion according to St. Matthew: 1769, 1773, 1777, 1781, 1785, 1789
Passion according to St. Mark: 1770, 1774, 1778, 1782, 1786
Passion according to St. Luke: 1771, 1775, 1779, 1783, 1787
Passion according to St. John: 1772, 1776, 1780, 1784, 1788
Recordings
Markus-Passion H. 860 "Gehet heraus und schauet an", by Johann Georg Röllig, Helmut Rilling, conductor, Bach Collegium, Gächinger Kantorei, CBS 42511 (1987) (complete recording).
Markus-Passion H. 860 "Gehet heraus und schauet an", by Johann Georg Röllig, Beat Raaflaub, Ad Fontes, Knabenkantorei Basel, ArsMusici (1994) (not a complete recording).
Matthäus-Passion (1769), H. 782 "Christus, der uns selig macht", by C. P. E. Bach, Ton Koopman, conductor, Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra & Choir, Edition Alte Musik ORF 316 (2003).
Johannes-Passion (1772), H. 785 "Erforsche mich, erfahr mein Herz", by C. P. E. Bach, Joshard Daus, conductor, Capriccio Basel, Zelter-Ensemble der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin, Capriccio Records C60 103 (2004).
Lukas-Passion (1775) H. 788, "Herr starke mich dein Leiden", by C.P.E. Bach (arrangement of Homilius' Lukas-Passion, HoWV I.5) Paul Dombrecht, Il Fondamento, Harmonia Mundi IF1401 (2015).
Matthäus-Passion (1781), H. 794, "Jesu, meiner Seelen Licht", by C. P. E. Bach, Karl-Friedrich Beringer, conductor, Deutsche Kammer-Virtuosen, Windsbacher Knabenchor, Rondeau 2027 (2004).
Matthäus-Passion (1785), H. 798 "O Lamm Gottes, im Staube", by C. P. E. Bach, Joshard Daus, conductor, Zelter-Ensemble der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin, Capriccio Records C60 113 (2005).
Markus-Passion (1786), H.799 "Ach großer König, groß zu allen Zeiten", by C. P. E. Bach, Joshard Daus, conductor, Mendelssohn Symphonia, Europa Chor Akademie, Capriccio Records C60 132 (2007).
Lukas-Passion (1787) H. 800 “O Lamm Gottes unschuldig“, by C. P. E. Bach, Joshard Daus, conductor, Mendelssohn Symphonia, Europa Chor Akademie, Glor 8071 (2008).
References
Bibliography
External links
The Packard Humanities Institute is currently preparing a complete edition of C. P. E. Bach's works, including the passions.
Bach, CPE
Passion
Kahn is a German derived surname, from the word for "small boat".
Kahn may also refer to:
Kahn (game browser), enabling online multiplayer of IPX compatible games over a TCP/IP network
Kahn's, an American meat processing and distribution company based in Ohio
Kahn, Iran (disambiguation), places in Iran
Kahn-e Bala (disambiguation), "upper Kahn", places in Iran
Kahn process networks (KPNs), a distributed model of computation in network communications
Kähn, an alias of Joseph McGann, British record producer and DJ based in Bristol
Kahn Design, a British car modifier based in Bradford
Kahn River, Indore, India
The ICAO designation for Athens–Ben Epps Airport in Athens, a city in Clarke County, Georgia.
See also
Kan (disambiguation)
Kaan (disambiguation)
Caan (disambiguation)
North Arm is a settlement on East Falkland.
North Arm may also refer to:
North Arm, New South Wales
North Arm, Queensland, a town and locality in Australia
North Arm and North Arm Creek, in Barker Inlet, South Australia
North Arm Bridge, an extradosed bridge in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
North Arm Cove, New South Wales
See also
North Bentinck Arm
North West Arm
Northern Arm
Gary Public Schools Memorial Auditorium was a historic public facility in Gary, Indiana. The 5,000 seat auditoria was commissioned by the Gary Land Company, part of the United States Steel Corporation and was designed by Joseph Wildermuth. It was dedicated to residents who died fighting in World War I. It was closed in 1972 and the interior was destroyed during a fire in 1997. The building was demolished in 2020.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lake County, Indiana
References
External links
Gary Memorial Auditorium, Discover Indiana: Gary Public Library.
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
Joker in the Pack - An Irreverent View of Life at IIMs is a work of fiction by IIM Bangalore alumnus Neeraj Pahlajani and IIM Lucknow alumnus Ritesh Sharma. It was published in September 2007 by Orient Paperbacks and was a bestseller in India. The novel features a section devoted to Manjunath Shanmugam and the Manjunath Shanmugam Trust.
Synopsis
The novel describes the student life of Shekhar Verma, a middle class boy who grows up in the post liberalization era in India. Shekhar is described as a typical boy growing up in urban India - focused on Bollywood and Cricket. As he becomes older and faces board exams, he is pressured by his parents, relatives and neighbors to take life seriously and to consider pursuing a career in information technology. In order to achieve this goal, he decides to pursue his graduation in Information Technology but is disheartened when the IT bubble bursts and salaries plummet. Shekhar then trains his eyes on the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs), in the hope that an MBA from an IIM would help him get his dream job. The book describes in detail Shekhar's life at IIM Bangalore and introduces various personalities that make up life there. Shekhar is shown to mature as the book progresses, ultimately questioning the choices he has made, which though make him successful as per society's expectations, leave him confused about what he really wants in life..
References
External links
Website
Indian English-language novels
Campus novels
2007 novels
2007 Indian novels
Gümüşyaka, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Ásbjörn Björnsson (born 20 October 1962) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder. He won one cap for the Iceland national football team, coming on as a substitute for Sigurjón Kristjánsson in the 4–0 win over the Faroe Islands on 2 August 1982.
References
Ásbjörn Björnsson international appearances at ksi.is
1962 births
Living people
Asbjorn Bjornsson
Association football midfielders
Asbjorn Bjornsson
Asbjorn Bjornsson
Hattfjelldal Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Hattfjelldal Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Hattfjelldal. It is the main church for the Hattfjelldal parish which is part of the Indre Helgeland prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1869 using plans drawn up by the architect Jakob Nilsen Hagen. The church seats about 200 people.
History
The present church is the third church building on this site. The first small chapel was built in 1727. That one was replaced in 1788 by a larger chapel. The present church was constructed in 1868 on a plot of land a short distance to the north of the old church. The new building was consecrated on 12 August 1869 by Bishop Waldemar Hvoslef. The old church was torn down in 1874. The church was renovated in 1958, led by the architect John Egil Tverdahl. The architect Nils Toft renovated the sacristy in 1966.
See also
List of churches in Sør-Hålogaland
References
Hattfjelldal
Churches in Nordland
Wooden churches in Norway
19th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1869
1727 establishments in Norway
Long churches in Norway
In film, film grammar is defined as follows:
A frame is a single still image. It is analogous to a letter.
A shot is a single continuous recording made by a camera. It is analogous to a word.
A scene is a series of related shots. It is analogous to a sentence. The study of transitions between scenes is described in film punctuation.
A sequence is a series of scenes which together tell a major part of an entire story, such as that contained in a complete movie. It is analogous to a paragraph.
The term film grammar is best understood as a creative metaphor, since the elements of film grammar described above do not stand in any strict relation of analogy to the components of grammar as understood by philology or modern linguistics.
D. W. Griffith has been called the father of film grammar. Griffith was a key figure in establishing the set of codes that have become the universal backbone of film language. He was particularly influential in popularizing "cross-cutting"—using film editing to alternate between different events occurring at the same time—in order to build suspense. He still used many elements from the "primitive" style of movie-making that predated classical Hollywood's continuity system, such as frontal staging, exaggerated gestures, minimal camera movement, and an absence of point of view shots. Some claim, too, that he "invented" the close-up shot for filming.
Credit for Griffith's cinematic innovations must be shared with his cameraman of many years, Billy Bitzer. In addition, he himself credited the legendary silent star Lillian Gish, who appeared in several of his films, with creating a new style of acting for the cinema.
See also
Grammar
References
External links
Film and video terminology
Piprahiya is a village in the southeastern part of Arrah block in Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,465, in 371 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
William Lindsay Scruggs (September 14, 1836 – July 18, 1912) was an American author, lawyer, and diplomat. He was a scholar of South American foreign policy and U.S. ambassador to Colombia and Venezuela. He played a key role in the Venezuela Crisis of 1895 and helped shape the modern interpretation of the Monroe Doctrine.
Early life and ambassadorships
William L. Scruggs was born in Nashville in 1836. He was a lawyer and journalist in addition to being a diplomat.
Scruggs was U.S. Minister to Colombia from July 24, 1873 to October 26, 1876 and again from July 19, 1882 to December 15, 1885. In 1884 he became known as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary,
Colombia. Previously his title was simply Minister Resident, Colombia.
Scruggs was U.S. Minister to Venezuela from May 30, 1889 to December 15, 1892. In 1889 he became known as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, Venezuela. Scruggs appeared to resign his ambassadorship to Venezuela in December 1892, but in fact had been dismissed by the US for bribing the President of Venezuela.
Venezuela lobbyist
In 1893 Scruggs was recruited by the Venezuelan Government to operate on its behalf in Washington D.C. as a lobbyist and legal attache. As a lobbyist, Scruggs published the pamphlet entitled British Aggressions in Venezuela: The Monroe Doctrine on Trial. In the pamphlet, he attacked "British aggression" claiming that Venezuela was anxious to arbitrate over the Venezuela/British Guiana border dispute of territory at west of Essequibo river limited by Schomburgk Line. Scruggs also claimed that British policies in the disputed territory violated the Monroe Doctrine of 1823. It was this relationship that eventually led to his service as Special Counsel before the Boundary Commission, three years later.
Scruggs collaborated with Georgian compatriot Congressman Leonidas Livingston to propose House Resolution 252 to the third session of the 53rd Congress of the United States of America. The bill — written by Scruggs — recommended Venezuela and Great Britain settle the dispute by arbitration. President Grover Cleveland signed it into law on February 20, 1895, after passing both houses of the United States Congress. The vote had been unanimous.
The president Cleveland adopted a broad interpretation of the Monroe Doctrine that did not just simply forbid new European colonies but declared an American interest in any matter within the hemisphere. British prime minister Lord Salisbury and British ambassador to the US Lord Pauncefote both misjudged the importance the American government placed on the dispute. The key issue in the crisis became Britain's refusal to include the territory east of the Schomburgk Line in the proposed international arbitration.
By December 17, 1895, President Cleveland delivered an address to the United States Congress which was perceived as direct threat of war with Great Britain if the British did not comply with Venezuelan demands (now openly championed by the United States). Almost immediately after Cleveland's statement to the United States Congress, the US military was put on combat alert for a potential war with Great Britain. Ultimately Britain backed down and tacitly accepted the US right to intervene under the Monroe Doctrine. This US intervention forced Britain to accept arbitration of the entire disputed territory.
On December 18, 1895, Congress approved $100,000 for the United States Commission on the Boundary Between Venezuela and British Guiana. It was formally established on January 1, 1896. Jose Andrade, the Venezuelan Minister to Washington, on February 26, 1896 announced that Scruggs had been appointed by the Venezuelan President as his "agent charged with submitting information" to the United States Venezuela Boundary Commission, and to present "reports relative to the titles and rights of Venezuela." An Arbitration Tribunal was agreed between the US and Britain in 1896, and this concluded in 1899 in Paris (France). The Schomburgk Line was re-established as the border between British Guiana and Venezuela, which had been set in 1835. The Anglo-Venezuelan boundary dispute asserted for the first time a more outward-looking American foreign policy that marking the United States as a world power. This is the earliest example of modern interventionism under the Monroe Doctrine in which the USA exercised its claimed prerogatives in the Western Hemisphere.
By standing with a Latin American nation against European colonial powers, Cleveland improved relations with the United States' southern neighbors, but the cordial manner in which the negotiations were conducted also made for good relations with Britain. However, by backing down in the face of a strong US declaration of a strong interpretation of the Monroe Doctrine, Britain tacitly accepted the Doctrine, and the crisis thus provided a basis for the expansion of US interventionism in the [Americas]. Leading British historian Robert Arthur Humphreys later called the boundary crisis "one of the most momentous episodes in the history of Anglo-American relations in general and of Anglo-American rivalries in Latin America in particular."
Later life
Scruggs retired to Atlanta, Georgia, where he died July 18, 1912. He was buried in Westview Cemetery.
Bibliography
"Restriction of the Suffrage". The North American Review, vol. 139, issue 336 (1884)
"Blundering American Diplomacy". The North American Review, vol. 145, issue 370 (September 1887)]
British Aggressions in Venezuela: The Monroe Doctrine on Trial (pamphlet, 1895)
Fallacies of the British Blue Book on the Venezuela Question (pamphlet, 1896)
The Guyana Boundary Dispute: Important testimony by an English geographer. The Essequibo River recognized by England as the frontier line between Venezuela and British Guiana as late as 1822 (pamphlet, 1896)
Lord Salisbury's mistakes (pamphlet, 1896)
The Venezuelan question: British aggressions in Venezuela, or The Monroe doctrine on trial; Lord Salisbury's mistakes; Fallacies of the British "blue book" on the disputed boundary (book, collected works, 1896)
Case of Venezuela: Brief concerning the question of boundary between Venezuela and British Guiana (book, 1898)
The Colombian and Venezuelan Republics, with notes on other parts of Central and South America (book, 1900)
The Monroe doctrine: Whence it came, what it is, and what it is not (pamphlet 1902)
References
Further reading
Grenville, John A. S. and George Berkeley Young. Politics, Strategy, and American Diplomacy: Studies in Foreign Policy, 1873-1917 (1966) pp 125–57 on "The diplomat as propagandist: William Lindsey Scruggs, agent for Venezuela"
External links
United States Department of State website listing
1836 births
1912 deaths
1895 in the United States
19th-century American diplomats
Ambassadors of the United States to Colombia
Ambassadors of the United States to Venezuela
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Writers from Atlanta
In Manichaeism, the behavior of the Elect, the priestly class was traditionally bound by the Three Seals: Mouth, Hands, and Heart. By the Seal of the Mouth they were prohibited from eating meat or drinking wine. Once a day they ate food with the highest concentrations of light. By the Seal of the Hands, also called the Rest (of the Hands), they were prohibited from causing injury or pain to the light entrapped in water, fire, trees and living things. From a practical standpoint, this meant that they were unable to do any physical work, so they depended on the Auditors to bring them food (more on this below). By the Seal of the Breast they were prohibited from marriage, sex and lust. (The male and female Elect had no contact with each other.) Some Manichaeans said the Three Seals correspond to the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. An alternative formulation divided the ethics of the Elect into Five Commandments: truth, non-injury, chastity, purity of mouth, and poverty. (The Elect were supposed to possess nothing beyond food for one day and clothing for one year.)
The Elect, who were "sealed" with the three seals of mouth and hands and breast (ensuring virtue of speech and act and feeling), lived in monasteries, but also went on journeys to spread and strengthen the faith, travelling on foot, preaching. They ate only once a day, a meal of vegetables taken after nightfall; and might possess food only for a day, clothing only for a year.
See also
Five Seals in Sethianism
References
Manichaeism
Stoney Point is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida. As of the 2000 census the neighborhood had a population of 130. The ZIP code serving the area is 33629.
Geography
Stoney Point is surrounded by Tampa Bay on three sides and Sunset Park on the east. The neighborhood is part of the South Tampa district.
Demographics
Source: Hillsborough County Atlas
At the 2000 census there were 130 people and 50 households residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 4,585/mi2. The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 99% White, 0% African American, 0% Native American, 0% Asian, 0% from other races, and none were from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were about 7%.
Of the 50 households 38% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74% were married couples living together, 6% had a female householder with no husband present, and none were non-families. 20% of households were made up of individuals.
The age distribution was 27% under the age of 18, 10% from 18 to 34, 27% from 35 to 49, 24% from 50 to 64, and 13% 65 or older. For every 100 females, there were 100 males.
The per capita income for the neighborhood was $75,999. About 1% of the population were below the poverty line
See also
Neighborhoods in Tampa, Florida
References
External links
Stoney Point Civic Association
Neighborhoods in Tampa, Florida
Seer Green is a village and civil parish in Buckinghamshire, England. It is in the Chiltern Hills, east-north-east of Beaconsfield and south-west of Chalfont St Giles.
History
The toponym "Seer" is derived from the Norman French for "dry or arid place". In manorial rolls of 1223 it was called La Sere, although local legend has it that the "Seer" refers to King Arthur's Court visiting the area and locals consulting his "seer" – a nice story but of doubtful origin. Even so, there is a pub called Merlin's Cave in the nearby village Chalfont St Giles, after this legend. The affix "Green" came later.
The Church of England parish church of the Holy Trinity was built in 1846. It is brick and flint with lancet windows. There is also a Baptist church.
Seer Green became a separate parish in 1866, having previously been a hamlet of the parish of Farnham Royal. It had levied a separate poor rate before then.
Until the early part of the 20th century Seer Green was mainly an agricultural village, known for its cherry orchards. The remnants of some of these orchards remain and in honour of this tradition the local school holds a "Cherry Pie Fair" every summer which usually involves a fancy dress parade and a procession through the village.
Amenities
The parish has a Church of England primary school. The village has a Scout troop that is successful in regional competitions. The village youth football club, Seer Green United, has under 7s, under 8s and under 13s teams. The village is close to Hodgemoor Wood, a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Seer Green and Jordans railway station is on the Chiltern Main Line between Beaconsfield and Gerrards Cross. The station was originally called "Beaconsfield Golf Club", the golf club being next door, but the name was later changed to reflect its position between the two settlements. Bus route 580, provided by Carousel, also runs through the town.
M40 Junction 2 is nearby.
Notable people
Notable residents include:
Val Doonican, singer
Frederick Forsyth, author
Jon Anderson, musician and lead singer of Yes
Demography
At the 2001 UK census, the Seer Green electoral ward had a population of 2,267. The ethnicity was 98% white, 0.6% mixed race, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% black and 0.5% other. The place of birth of residents was 88.7% United Kingdom, 0.7% Republic of Ireland, 2.6% other Western European countries, and 8% elsewhere. Religion was recorded as 78% Christian, 0.2% Buddhist, 0.3% Hindu, 0% Sikh, 0.7% Jewish, and 0.3% Muslim. 14% were recorded as having no religion, 0.4% had an alternative religion and 6.1% did not state their religion.
The economic activity of residents aged 16–74 was 40.6% in full-time employment, 11.2% in part-time employment, 13.6% self-employed, 1.3% unemployed, 2.2% students with jobs, 3.6% students without jobs, 13.7% retired, 9.9% looking after home or family, 2.1% permanently sick or disabled and 1.8% economically inactive for other reasons. The industry of employment of residents was 14% retail, 10.8% manufacturing, 5.5% construction, 25.7% real estate, 9.3% health and social work, 8% education, 6.3% transport and communications, 3.5% public administration, 2.3% hotels and restaurants, 4.9% finance, 1.1% agriculture and 8.6% other. Compared with national figures, the ward had a relatively high proportion of workers in real estate, and a relatively low proportion in public administration, hotels and restaurants. Of the ward's residents aged 16–74, 36.2% had a higher education qualification or the equivalent, compared with 19.9% nationwide.
References
External links
Vision of Britain
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Carmen de Lirio (31 October 1926 – 4 August 2014) was a Spanish film actress.
Selected filmography
The Evil Forest (1951)
Peace Never Comes (1960)
The Two Rivals (1960)
Goliath Against the Giants (1961)
The Wild Ones of San Gil Bridge (1966)
Marquis de Sade: Justine (1969)
The House of the Doves (1972)
Clara is the Price (1975)
The Cheerful Colsada Girls (1984)
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley. World Filmography: 1967. Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1977.
External links
1926 births
2014 deaths
Spanish film actresses
People from Zaragoza
Herman Miller may refer to:
Herman Miller (manufacturer), U.S. manufacturer of office furniture and equipment
Herman Miller (Wisconsin politician) (1833-1922), American politician and businessman
Herman Miller (writer) (1919–1999), Hollywood writer and producer
Miller, Herman
Prittriching is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Landsberg (district)
The Isle of the Dead is a concept from pre-Christian Europe of an island to the west where souls went after death. It is reported as being part of Celtic belief by several Roman historians, and evidence for this belief is also found in Welsh folklore. It also existed in ancient Germanic traditions where the British Isles were sometimes depicted as the isles to the west that the dead inhabited.
References
Locations in Celtic mythology
Mythological islands
Afterlife places
Otis Smith (born December 8, 1965) is an American former professional tennis player.
Tennis career
A left-hander from Los Angeles, Smith competed in varsity tennis for the UCLA Bruins and recovered from a badly broken wrist in 1985 to play number one singles for the team. When he finished up at the Bruins in 1987 he joined the international tour and featured regularly on the ATP Challenger Tour. He reached the best singles world ranking of 274 and featured in the qualifying draw for the 1991 Wimbledon Championships.
ATP Challenger finals
Doubles: 4 (0–4)
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American male tennis players
UCLA Bruins men's tennis players
Tennis players from Los Angeles
Bombastic is the second extended play (EP) by American singer-songwriter Bonnie McKee released on June 30, 2015 as digital download by McKee's independent record label. She also stated her intentions for it to be a visual EP.
Background
McKee released her debut studio album Trouble in 2004, which was a commercial failure. After a while, she began writing songs with famous artists such as Katy Perry, Britney Spears and Taio Cruz. Many songs that McKee wrote reached the top of international charts. In 2013, McKee signed a contract with Epic Records and released "American Girl", which had a low commercial performance but was well received by the public. McKee and her label so far were in a conflict due to McKee's need for creative freedom. Eventually, McKee left Epic Records.
During an interview with Idolator McKee revealed that she wrote over 100 songs, and that she plans to continue releasing recordings independently.
It's like, “I'm tired of waiting. I want to get a batch of songs to my fans.” I have 100 songs and I want all of them to come out. Of course, I have to pick my babies and kill my darlings and stuff. I really am looking forward to doing a full length, but I'm just putting this EP to see what happens, see what opportunities come my way. I have a whole album's worth of material that I wrote when I was on Epic ready to go.
On July 1, McKee announced on a live stream she was attempting to get back the rights to the songs she had previously recorded with her late label Epic Records so she could finally get to release them. She also confirmed physical copies of the Bombastic EP were being released in the coming months.
Singles
The first single from the EP was "Bombastic", released on May 26, 2015. It was written by McKee, Charlie Puth, Sean Walsh and Axident, and is an 80s-influenced dance-pop and pop rock song. Mike Wass from Idolator says that the song "plays like an '80s workout tape," while the music video is "jam-packed with amazing outfits from the decade taste forgot and several eye-popping poses." The official music video for the song was directed by David Richardson. According to an interview given to Artist Direct Bonnie revealed this was a song about reconnecting with her true self and feeling in charge of her own creativity.
This is what my art looks like when you remove the filter of a corporate overlord record label... It's about freedom to be yourself without caring what other people think, it's about the thrill of the fight, being fearless and empowered, and not apologizing for it! I wrote it when I was feeling kind of frustrated and down, and I needed to remind myself that I am a boss and I have the power to be who I want to be and do what I want to do. And I hope that that is what everyone else takes away from it too! Be bombastic!
A music video for the song "Wasted Youth" was directed by Darren Craig and released on January 12, 2016. The 80s-themed music video for the third single "I Want It All" was released on June 21, 2016 on McKee's Vevo account. The psychedelic, pastel-colored music video for the fourth and final single, "Easy", was released on November 2, 2016. As of November 2, 2016, all tracks off of the EP have been released as singles.
Track listing
Personnel
Bonnie McKee – executive producer, lead vocals, songwriter
Oliver Goldstein – writer, producer
Greg Kurstin – writer
Sean Walsh – writer, producer
Charlie Puth – writer
Andreas Schuller – writer
John Newman – writer
James Wong – writer
Chart positions
Release history
References
2015 EPs
Bonnie McKee albums
Albums produced by Greg Kurstin
Songoua is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 107 square kilometers and includes the villages of Sirakélé and Kilé. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,918. The village of Sirakélé, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 15 km north of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Gertrude Newsome Jackson (November 7, 1923 – October 1, 2019) was an American community activist in the Delta communities via the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the Civil Rights Movement.
She was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock on December 20, 2012. Jackson died in October 2019 at the age of 95.
Early life and education
Jackson was born in 1923 in Madison, Illinois, and was one of ten children born to the Newsome's. With six brothers and four sisters there was a full household.
After Gertrude's grandfather died, her father moved the family to Gum Bottom, Arkansas, to take over the eighty-eight-acre cotton farm where she usually stayed in the house but would sometimes come out and help pick cotton.
Jackson graduated in the tenth grade since that was the highest grade able to be completed in Arkansas and several years later returned to earn her GED and continued for two years in college.
She married Earlis "Hog" Jackson in 1943 and they created a family of eleven children. All eleven children graduated from high school and seven attained college degrees.
Activism
During her early years in the civil-rights movement, she first began doing community activism on the local school board to tell about the sewage backup in the "black" Turner Elementary School that her daughter attended. The sewage pipes ran uphill and could not properly function so the sewage would come back down into the bathrooms. Along with her husband, she helped produce a boycott for black families to keep their children out of Turner until the problem was solved, it took three weeks for their voices to be heard.
Soon after the Jackson's first victory, they decided to go after the widespread issue of racial segregation in the Marvell, Arkansas, school district. Throughout the autumn of 1966, a six-week boycott was created by Earlis and Gertrude along with Rev. Anderson at the county fair to yet again keep African-American families out of the schools. In conjunction with a class-action lawsuit, a case was brought to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit which led to the decision of fully desegregating classes, faculty, and students in the beginning school year of 1970.
Due to their successful community activism, the Jackson's faced repercussions of arson destroying family farming equipment, shots being fired at them, burning crosses in their yard, and farm equipment being sabotaged by sugar being placed in the gas tank of their cotton picker. Even though in her childhood, Gertrude stated that racism did not affect her.
One day in 1978 it just "dropped in her spirit" to help establish the Boys, Girls, Adults Community Development Center in Marvell to help her community with education, healthcare, housing, and much more. Later on in her life, Jackson worked for Mid Delta Community Service as a transporter of children to its Head Start Programs.
Jackson stated to all African-American communities to "Know what you need to know, stand up for yourself, and get involved." and "Stand up, be bold, and get something done!"
See also
List of people from Arkansas
List of people from Illinois
References
External links
SNCC Digital Gateway: Gertrude Jackson, Documentary website created by the SNCC Legacy Project and Duke University, telling the story of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee & grassroots organizing from the inside-out
1923 births
2019 deaths
20th-century African-American activists
Activists for African-American civil rights
American women activists
People from Madison, Illinois
People from Phillips County, Arkansas
Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee
20th-century African-American women
Women civil rights activists
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
The list of ship commissionings in 1877 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1877.
See also
References
1877
Ship commissionings
Mamidicolla is a village in Gudlavalleru mandal, located in Krishna district of Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
References
Villages in Krishna district
The loan credit default swap index (LCDX) is a loan-only credit default swap index created by CDS Index Company (CDSIndexCo).
The LCDX index is a tradeable index with 100 equally weighted underlying single-name loan-only credit default swaps (LCDS).
History
16 major financial institutions, JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank, Barclays Capital, Bank of America, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, RBS Greenwich, UBS and Wachovia, owned the private company called the CDS Index Company (CDS IndexCo), that developed the ABX index on 17 January 2006. Markit Group Limited marketed the ABX index and by 2007 had acquired (CDS IndexCo). On 17 The ABX index was a credit default swap of asset-backed mortgages of 30 of the most liquid mortgage-backed bonds. Hedge funds began shorting that ABX index in early 2006 at par. The Deutsche Bank, alone, reportedly made $250 million.
Forbes journalist described the creation of the index as just-in-time financial engineering. The LCDX provided protection for banks and hedge fund clients from the overly leveraged loan market.
Stephen Waugh, a vice president at Deutsche Bank, announced the launch of Markit's first tranched "long-awaited" and "highly anticipated" Loan credit default swap index (LCDX). Citigroup claimed it had been quoted on the market since the summer of 2007.
See also
iTraxx
Credit derivative
Credit default swap
Credit default swap index
Markit Group Limited
References
External links
Markit LCDX Indices
Bridging Loan Explained & Compared
Structured Credit Investor: LCDX Launches
Home Loan, Refinance & Investment Properties
International Swaps & Derivatives Association Press Release
Derivatives (finance)
Loans
Credit risk
Swaps (finance)
Bruce W. Warren is a professor of archeology at Brigham Young University. He holds a Ph.D. in the subject from the University of Arizona. He coauthored The Messiah in Ancient America with Thomas Stuart Ferguson, although it is more accurate to say Warren completed this book several years after Ferguson's death.
Warren wrote his Ph.D. at the University of Arizona on the socio-cultural development of the central depression of Chiapas. Warren also wrote New Evidences of Christ in America with Blaine M. Yorgason and Harold Brown.
Warren is a Latter-day Saint. Warren has been closely involved with the work of both the Society for Early Historic Archaeology and the New World Archaeological Foundation. On occasion Warren is inaccurately credited as Bruce V. Warren.
Sources
Maxwell Institute author listing
Scientific Commons listing of Warren's Ph.D.
Meridian Magazine bio
citation of a paper on Nimrod co-authored by Warren
American archaeologists
American Latter Day Saints
Brigham Young University faculty
Living people
University of Arizona alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Matthew Reid "Matt" Grosjean (born September 21, 1970) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics, 1994 Winter Olympics, and 1998 Winter Olympics. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.
References
1970 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
"Sugar" is the first single from the album Witching Hour by English electronic music band Ladytron. This song featured on the video game Need for Speed: Carbon and Need for Speed Carbon Own the City. It charted at number 45 in the United Kingdom.
Track listing
CD single
"Sugar" - 2:54
"Tender Talons" - 3:30
"Sugar" (Jagz Kooner Remix) - 5:23
7"
"Sugar"
"Fighting in Built-Up Areas"
12"
"Sugar" - 2:50
"Sugar" (Archigram Remix) - 6:13
"Sugar" (Playgroup Vocal) - 5:09
"Sugar" ('M' Ladytronomy Remix) - 5:36
References
2005 singles
Ladytron songs
2005 songs
Songs written by Daniel Hunt
Song recordings produced by Jim Abbiss
The Carnegie Library of Homestead is a public library founded by Andrew Carnegie in 1898.
It is one of 2,509 Carnegie libraries worldwide; 1,689 built in the United States. It was the sixth library commissioned by Carnegie in the U.S. and the seventh to open. Completed in November 1898, it is the third oldest Carnegie library in continuous operation in its original structure in the U.S. after the Main Branch and Lawrenceville Branch of Pittsburgh. The library is an independent entity; it is not a "branch" of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, which operates one main facility and 19 branches within the city of Pittsburgh.
The building houses a library with a collection of over 34,000, the 1,047-seat "Carnegie Library Music Hall" and an athletic club with a heated indoor pool.
History
The library was constructed on a hill in Homestead, Pennsylvania (now Munhall) overlooking the Homestead Steel Works, the site of an 1892 labor strike where Pinkerton agents fought with union workers, resulting in 16 deaths.
A library had been under consideration for several years before the strike, but unlike those at Carnegie's Homestead plant, laborers at the Edgar Thomson Works in Braddock had capitulated to his wage concession demands in 1887, and the Carnegie Free Library of Braddock was founded the following year. "Our works at Homestead are not to us as our works at Edgar Thomson. Our men there are not partners," Carnegie said.
Groundbreaking for the $300,000 project took place in April 1896. The French Renaissance design was the work of Pittsburgh architects Frank Alden and Alfred Harlow. Contractor William Miller and Sons used Pompeian brick for construction of the 220 by 132 foot facility.
Renovations and modifications have not altered the original physical arrangement of the building, that of three separate facilities- library, music hall and athletic club- under one roof.
While Carnegie required communities to use public funds to subsidize the operation of his libraries, Homestead was one of the few exceptions. Operation of the libraries in Braddock, Homestead and Duquesne were originally funded by Carnegie's plants in those towns. After the sale of his business to U.S. Steel in 1901, Carnegie established a $1 million trust to support the three facilities. In the 1960s, the Braddock and Duquesne libraries were turned over to the school districts in those communities by the Board of the Endowment for the Monongahela Valley. The Homestead library is now the sole beneficiary of Carnegie's gift.
USX Corporation, the successor to U.S. Steel, continued to provide major support until 1988, when the corporation terminated its regular donations and the Borough of Munhall assumed responsibility
for the library. Despite the closing of the Homestead Steel Works two years earlier and the precipitous decline in employment and tax revenue, the library remained open and operational with grants secured by community volunteers and the investment income from Carnegie's endowment. When the financial crash of 2008 reduced the value of the endowment by $300,000, the library board furloughed its executive employees and assumed management responsibilities rather than cut services. Fundraising efforts, revenue from athletic club memberships, music hall rentals, and concession sales have maintained the library's viability.
Homestead Library & Athletic Club
In the early 20th century, the Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team, composed of many former star Ivy League players, was considered one of the top semi-professional teams in the country. Hall of Famer Rube Waddell played for the Club's baseball team. The amateur teams at the library also won national championships in wrestling and track & field.
In the 1920s and 1930s, four Olympians trained in the library's swimming pool. Susan Laird swam in 1928, winning a gold medal with the 4 × 100 meter freestyle relay team; Josephine McKim won a bronze medal in 1928 and gold in 1932; Anna Mae Gorman competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics at age 16; and Lenore Kight won silver in 1932 and a bronze in 1936. Gorman first swam in 1927 while on vacation. When she returned to Homestead she purchased a three-month membership at the library and pool for $1. At age 92 in 2008, Gorman still swam at the library.
See also
1900 Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team
1901 Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team
Notes
1.It opened November 5, 1898. The Lawrenceville Branch of Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh was commissioned together with the Pittsburgh Main Branch in 1890 (the third commissioned in the U.S.) and opened six months earlier than the Homestead Library.
2.The Carnegie Free Library of Braddock, founded in 1888, was closed from 1974 to 1983 due to under-funding and structural deficiencies. The Carnegie Free Library of Allegheny, now a branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, was completed in 1890. Damaged in a 2006 lightning strike, the library moved to a new building in 2008. Carnegie had previously provided two libraries in his native Scotland.
Gallery
References
Library buildings completed in 1898
Carnegie libraries in Pennsylvania
1898 establishments in Pennsylvania
Theatres in Pennsylvania
Early professional American football teams in Pennsylvania
Libraries in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Romanesque Revival architecture in Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks
Defunct American football teams in Pennsylvania
Elio e le Storie Tese (; literally "Elio and the Troubled Stories"), often abbreviated EelST, was an Italian comedy rock band from Milan, formed in 1980. Its leader was Stefano Belisari, better known as Elio. They announced their split on 17 October 2017, on Italian TV program Le Iene.
Elio e le Storie Tese acquired national fame after their second-place finish at the Sanremo Music Festival 1996 with the song "La terra dei cachi", a humorous take on Italian lifestyle. They also won the "Mia Martini" Critics Awards for their performance.
In 1999, they were awarded as Best Italian Act at the MTV Europe Music Awards, and in 2003 they won the Best Italian Videoclip award at the Italian Music Awards of Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana for "Shpalman®". In 2011, they were elected as the best group band of the 2001–2010 decade through a referendum announced by the website Rockol. In 2012, the album Elio samaga hukapan kariyana turu has been ranked the 15th best Italian album of all time by the magazine Rolling Stone.
The group participated to the Sanremo Music Festival for the second time in the 2013 edition with the song "La canzone mononota", achieving again the second place and winning the "Mia Martini" Critics Awards for the second time, the award for the best arrangement, and the Radio and TV Press-Room award.
History
The origins of Elio e le Storie Tese go back to the 1970s, when Stefano Belisari (Elio), Luca Mangoni and Marco Conforti (Sergio's brother and future manager of the group) were classmates in a high school in Milan.
The first line-up debuted in Milan in 1980. It consisted of Elio on guitar, Paolo Cortellino on bass and Pier Luigi Zuffellato on drums. Cortellino was then replaced firstly by Fabio Gianvecchio (Chiosco), later by Dario Mazzoli (Scaffale), and finally, in 1986, by Nicola Fasani (Faso). In the meantime, Zuffellato had left the group, and was replaced by Vittorio Cosma until 1982, when, after EelST were joined by the pianist Sergio Conforti (Rocco Tanica), the role of drummer was filled by a Drumulator operated by Rocco Tanica himself until 1988, when a Swiss drummer called Christian Meyer joined the group.
At the beginning, Elio was singer and guitarist, but in 1983 the group hired rock guitarist Davide Civaschi (Cesareo). From that moment on, Elio could focus on being the front-man, and, sparingly, play the Western concert flute, for which he had passed the music academy's examination. In 1988, the group was also joined by the multi-instrumentalist Paolo Panigada (Feiez), who died ten years later of a brain hemorrhage during a concert.
In 1992, Elio decided to include architect and former classmate Mangoni in the band. Mangoni, described in the official website as "artist and architect", would have various roles, such as dancing and singing during live performances.
The first studio album, Elio samaga hukapan kariyana turu was published in 1989, and it was followed by The Los Sri Lanka Parakramabahu Brothers Featuring Elio e le Storie Tese (1990), İtalyan, rum casusu çikti (1992), Esco dal mio corpo e ho molta paura: Gli inediti 1979–1986 (1993), Eat the Phikis (1996), Peerla (1998), Craccracriccrecr (1999), Cicciput (2003), Studentessi (2008) and L'album biango (2013). During their 35-year career, EelST have been awarded several prizes; they came second twice in the Sanremo Music Festival (in (1996 and 2013); they also won two "Mia Martini" Critics' Awards.
In March 2014, Elio e le Storie Tese presented six episodes of Il Musichione, a comedy musical show on Rai 2.
On 17 October 2017, the band announced that they would disband at the end of the year, after their last concert in Milan on 19 December.
On 16 December 2017, it was announced that the band would take part in the Sanremo Music Festival 2018 with the song Arrivedorci, i.e. "Arrivederci", meaning "See you later" in Italian; the song title is misspelled in the same way in which Alberto Sordi intentionally mispronounced the word, with a fake and exaggerated American accent (mostly for comic effect), while dubbing Oliver Hardy in the Italian versions of Laurel and Hardy films, from 1939 to 1951). The song, a slow ballad with a lyric consisting in a half-comical, half-serious concise recapitulation of their history, came last in the final chart and it was called by journalist and music critic Mario Luzzatto Fegiz "the ugliest song [they] ever wrote"; Elio, replying to Fegiz in an ambiguous attitude, stated that the band had made a calculated effort to classify last. A follow-up "Tour D'Addio" ("Farewell Tour") was announced for the Spring of 2018 starting on April 20th and ending on June 29th. Later on, during a June 30, 2018 meet-and-greet in Barolo, for the tenth edition of its Collisioni rock music festival, Elio clarified that the main reasons behind the band's break-up were Tanica's recurring and continued absence from their stage performances during the previous years, due to health reasons – namely depression (although the keyboardist never gave up his official membership in the band, by continuing to play keyboards and synths on their studio albums) – and a general tiredness within the band after their long career.
On 5 april 2022, Elio e le Storie Tese announced a reunion concert to be held in July of the same year. The purpose of the event is to raise funds to help Ukrainian refugees fleeing their country after the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Style
The music of the group is openly inspired, among other sources, by the style of Frank Zappa, both in music and lyrics. Elio e le Storie Tese's musical work is characterized by eclecticism and competence, in the melodic, harmonic and orchestration (arrangement) aspects, augmented by the members' technical proficiency. They are widely considered as some of the best musicians in Italy. They are usually joined by an "unofficial" member, Mangoni (a former schoolmate of Elio and actually an architect), whose role is to dance, make choreographies or even sing during live shows on stage.
In their official discography, and in their gigs, EelST have covered many of the genres typified in popular music: rock, Latin, progressive rock, disco and soul, to name a few. A very strong attitude to affectionately mock and modify to their needs the clichès of Italian pop music has always been part of their musical career, and nonetheless many Italian pop artists have been proud guests in their recordings, acknowledging their value.
Their songs are typically interspersed by a rude, coarse humour which lies in stark contrast to their extreme varied and competent musical talent; once the band was considered part of the 'demential' rock underground spawned after the demise of punk and cross-fertilized by situationist dadaism, but they have soared well past above that scene. One of their favourite themes is adolescent life, seen as a golden period of fun, friendship, music and sexual discoveries.
The band has also been the first one, in 2004, to sell instant CDs of their live performances immediately after their end (which they dubbed CD brulé, as they were 'burned' on the spot, like mulled wine, in Italian "vin brulé").
Line–ups
Members
Stefano Belisari a.k.a. Elio – lead vocals, transverse flute, electric guitar, electric bass
Sergio Conforti a.k.a. Rocco Tanica – vocals, keyboards, electronic drums, piano
Nicola Fasani a.k.a. Faso – electric bass, backing vocals
Davide Civaschi a.k.a. Cesareo – electric guitar, backing vocals
Christian Meyer – drums, percussion
Antonello Aguzzi a.k.a. Jantoman – keyboards, backing vocals (member since 1999)
"Unofficial" members
Luca Mangoni – backing vocals, occasional lead vocals, onstage dancing
Paola Folli – backing vocals
Vittorio Cosma a.k.a. Clayderman Viganò – keyboards, backing vocals
Past members
Paolo Panigada a.k.a. Feiez or Mu Fogliasch (deceased in 1998) – backing vocals, saxophone, percussion, electric bass, guitar
Discography
Studio albums
Elio samaga hukapan kariyana turu (1989)
The Los Sri Lanka Parakramabahu Brothers Featuring Elio e le Storie Tese (1990)
İtalyan, rum casusu çikti (1992)
Esco dal mio corpo e ho molta paura: Gli inediti 1979–1986 (1993)
Eat the Phikis (1996)
Peerla (1998)
Craccracriccrecr (1999)
Cicciput (2003)
Studentessi (2008)
L'album biango (2013)
Figgatta de Blanc (2016)
Live albums
Made in Japan (2001)
Il meglio di Ho fatto due etti e mezzo, lascio? (2004, box)
Il meglio di Grazie per la splendida serata (2005, box)
Coèsi se vi pare (2006)
Enlarge Your Penis - Live 2012 (2012)
Il meglio di Emozioni Fortissime Tour 2007 (2013)
Arrivedorci (2018)
Soundtracks
Tutti gli uomini del deficiente (1999)
Compilations
Del meglio del nostro meglio Vol. 1 (1997, the greatest hits)
E.L.I.O. – The Artists Formerly Known as Elio e le Storie Tese (1997, promotional album with previous songs translated in English)
Baffo Natale Compilation – Le canzoni di Natale di Radio DeeJay (2005)
The Original Recordings 1990/2003 (2007, unauthorized by the band)
Gattini (2009, rerecorded versions with orchestra of previous tracks + 1 new song)
Yes, We Can't (2017)
Singles
"Nubi di ieri sul nostro domani odierno (Abitudinario)" (1989)
"Born to Be Abramo" (1990)
"Born to Be Abramo (Saturday Night strage)" (1990)
"Servi della gleba" (1992)
"Pipppero®" (1992)
"Pipppero® (English version)" (1992)
"Not Unpreviously Unreleased'nt" (1993)
"Entra in Esco dal mio corpo e ho molta paura" (1993)
"(Gomito a gomito con l') Aborto / In te" (1993)
"Nessuno allo stadio" (1994)
"Nessuno allo stadio – Strike remix" (1994)
"Christmas with the Yours" (1995)
"La terra dei cachi" (1996)
"La terra dei cachi – Prezioso remix" (1996)
"La terra dei cachi (The Rimini Tapes)" (1996)
"T.V.U.M.D.B. / Mio cuggino" (1996)
"El Pube" (1996)
"Born to be Abramo (avec Patrick Hernandez)" (1997)
"L'eterna lotta tra il bene e il male" (1998)
"Evviva/La visione" (1999)
"Bis" (1999)
"Discomusic" (1999)
"La bella canzone di una volta" (1999)
"Presidance®" (1999)
"La gente vuole il gol" (2000)
"Fave Club" (2000)
"Che felicità" (2000)
"Tapparella" (2001)
"Fave strapazzate" (2002)
"Shpalman®" (2003)
"Shpalman® RMX" (2003)
"Fossi figo" (2003)
"Oratorium" (2004)
"Valzer transgenico" (2006)
"Banane giganti" (2006)
"Presepio imminente" (2006)
"Enrico va a scuola" (2007)
"Parco Sempione" (2008)
"Ignudi fra i nudisti" (2008)
"Storia di un bellimbusto" (2009)
"Pensiero stupesce" (2011)
"Sta arrivando la fine del mondo" (2012)
"Dannati forever" (2013)
"La canzone mononota" (2013)
"Complesso del primo maggio" (2013)
"Amore amorissimo" (2013)
"Il Musichione" (2014)
"Alcol snaturato (una serata speciale)" (2015)
"Il primo giorno di scuola" (2015)
"Vincere l'odio" (2016)
"Il mistero dei bulli" (2016)
"Vacanza alternativa/China disco bar/Bomba intelligente (2016)
"Licantropo vegano" (2017)
"Arrivedorci" (2018)
References
Further reading
External links
Elio e le Storie Tese's biography at ElioeleStorieTese.it
1980 establishments in Italy
Comedy rock musical groups
Italian comedy musicians
Italian pop music groups
Italian rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1980
Musical groups from Milan
MTV Europe Music Award winners
Patric Pfeiffer (born 20 August 1999) is a German-born Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender for SV Darmstadt 98.
Early life
Pfeiffer was born in Hamburg. He is of Ghanaian descent.
Club career
In the summer of 2019, Pfeiffer joined SV Darmstadt 98 from Hamburger SV.
International career
Being born in Germany, but also having Ghanaian origins, Pfeiffer has been able to choose to represent either the countries internationally.
In July 2022, the president of the Ghana FA, Kurt Okraku, announced that Pfeiffer was one of the few players that had officially switched allegiances to represent the Ghanaian senior national team internationally.
References
External links
Living people
1999 births
German sportspeople of Ghanaian descent
Footballers from Hamburg
Association football defenders
German footballers
Hamburger SV II players
Hamburger SV players
SV Darmstadt 98 players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Warwick is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within the County of Minburn No. 27, located north of Highway 16, east of Edmonton.
Climate
References
Localities in the County of Minburn No. 27
The Association of Musical Electronics Industry (AMEI) is an organization where companies work together to create the standards that assure compatibility among electronic musical instruments, particularly MIDI products. The AMEI is a Japanese organization established in 1996.
See also
MIDI Manufacturers Association
Japan MIDI Standards Committee
References
External links
Association of Musical Electronics Industry (AMEI)
MIDI
On Lung Tsuen (), also transliterated as On Loong Tsuen, is a village in the San Tin area of Yuen Long District, Hong Kong.
Administration
On Loong Tsuen is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village On Lung Tsuen (San Tin) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
San Tin
Kotwan is a village in the Mathura district of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is the site where according to Hinduism, Krishna spent his childhood and is one of the main places in the Braj Bhoomi region. The Village is about 100 km away from Agra.
Geography
Kotwan is located at , in the Mathura District of Uttar Pradesh, India. It belongs to Agra Division. It is located 50 km towards North from District headquarters Mathura, 20 km from Nandgaon, and 429 km from state capital Lucknow.
Nabipur (3 km), Hatana (4 km), Lalpur (5 km ), Kharauth (5 km), Bathain Khurd (6 km) are the nearby villages to Kotwan. Kotwan is surrounded by Chhata Block towards East, Hodal Block towards North, Hassanpur Block towards North, and Punahana Block towards west.
Hodal, Palwal, Kosi Kalan, Vrindavan, Mathura is the cities nearby Kotwan.
Kotwan is located at the border of the Mathura District and Palwal District. Bharatpur District- Kaman is located to the west of it. It is near to the Haryana-UP Border.
Demographics
Kotwan 2011 Census Details
Kotwan Local Language is Hindi. Kotwan Village Total population is 5193 and number of houses are 802. Female Population is 47.2%. Village literacy rate is 58.0% and the Female Literacy rate is 21.8%.
Population
Religious heritage
Kotwan is considered to be a holy place for Vaisnavism tradition of Hinduism. It is a related to worship of Braj and the area includes places like Kotwan that are associated with Krishna. Millions of devotees of Radha Krishna visit these places of pilgrimage every year and participate in a number of festivals. The center of Krishna-worship has been for a long time Brajbhumi, the district of Mathura that embraces also Vrindavana, Govardhana, and Gokula, associated with Krishna from the time immemorial. Many millions of Krishna bhaktas visit these places every year and participate in the numerous festivals that re-enact divine scenes from Krishna's life on Earth, of which were spent in those very places.
Transportation
Road
Kotwan is well connected by roads and is connected to Delhi by National Highway (NH) 2
Rail
Kosi Kalan Rail Station is on the Old G.T. Road Kosi Kalan.
Hodal Rail Station is on the Agra-Delhi Road.
References
Villages in Mathura district
This is a list of productions based on The Muppets characters and franchise, including films, television series and specials, and other media. The franchise's main work is The Muppet Show, a syndicated television series which ran from 1976 to 1981. The franchise includes eight feature films, and other television series.
Films
Direct-to-video releases
Television
Series
Television films
Television specials
Other appearances
The Mike Douglas Show
Today
Good Morning America
The Ed Sullivan Show
Saturday Night Live
60 Minutes
The Tonight Show
Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition
Dancing with the Stars
The Daily Show
America's Funniest Home Videos
Larry King Live
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
The Colbert Report
30 Rock
WWE Raw
WWE Tribute to the Troops
The Voice
Holey Moley
The Masked Singer (US)
MasterChef Junior The Ellen DeGeneres Show The X Factor Comic Relief So Random! Good Luck Charlie Take Two with Phineas and Ferb Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway The View America's Got Talent Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade The Wonderful World of Disney: Disneyland 60 The Late Late Show with James Corden Carpool Karaoke: The Series Monday Night FootballWeb series
Video games
A number of video games featuring the Muppets have been produced since the 1990s.
Muppet Adventure: Chaos at the Carnival (1990)
Muppets Inside (1996)
Muppet RaceMania (2000)
Muppet Monster Adventure (2000)
Spy Muppets: License to Croak (2003)
Muppets Party Cruise (2003)
The Muppets Movie Adventures'' (2014)
Notes
Distribution rights were purchased by The Jim Henson Company from ITC Entertainment in August 1984. The rights were then acquired by Walt Disney Studios upon their parent company's acquisition of the Muppets franchise in 2004. The films have since been reissued as Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures releases.
See also
The Muppets discography
List of Sesame Workshop productions
References
External links
The Muppets
Disney-related lists
Lists of films by source
Lists of American television series
American musical comedy television series
Demetrio Stefanopoli (12 November 1749 – 8 August 1821) was a Corsican notable and military officer in French service. A member of the Greek community of Corsica, in 1782 he received letters patent from Louis XVI recognizing him as the descendant and heir of David Komnenos, the last Emperor of Trebizond, after which he was known in French as Démétrius Stephanopoli Comnène.
Origin and family
Demetrio Stephanopoli was the son of Constantino Busacci Stephanopoli, himself the son of the hereditary head of the Greek community of Paomia, a village in Corsica founded by Greeks from Vitylo in the Mani Peninsula in 1676, the same community that military leader Napoleon Bonaparte belonged to. Like the rest of the Greek community, which had sided with Genoa in the Corsican Revolution of 1729–1731, the family had lost their lands and were subsisting in Ajaccio on Constantino's salary and pension as a captain in a cavalry unit of the French army. As a result, when he died in 1772, his widow had to write to the French Minister of War for succour for herself and her offspring.
Demetrio had two brothers and a sister: Giorgio, Laura-Maria, and Giovanni-Stefano. His sister Panoria was the mother of Laure Junot, duchess d'Abrantès.
Biography
To escape poverty, Constantino sent his sons to the clergy. Demetrio was enrolled in the Pontificio Collegio Urbano de Propaganda Fide , where he remained at least until his father's death. He was never ordained, and returned to Corsica, where he worked as a forestry official, and then as a lawyer. Constantino had tried to dispute the leadership of the Greek community with his cousin, Georges-Marie Stephanopoli, but the French had recognized the latter as its head in 1769.
Georges-Marie advocated the establishment of a new Greek settlement at Cargèse (close to the site of Paomia), a project which Constantino and Demetrio vehemently opposed on various grounds, for fear of losing their traditional influence. Demetrio also came into conflict with the French authorities, who insisted that the lands allocated to the Greek community in Cargèse were to be equally distributed among its members. The Stefanopoli, who had been major landowners, refused to accept this, and requested a compensation, in vain. Demetrio's in violent opposition to the Cargèse project led to his exile for three months to Bonifacio. In 1776, he joined his sister and her husband in Paris, where they pressured the French court on the matter of the compensation. They had mixed success: on 16 January 1777, the King accorded the family a huge estate at Coti-Chiavari. At 3,000 arpents, it was about 150 times the size of the land allocated to the other Greeks at Cargèse. However, it was marshy and not very productive, despite Demetrio's repeated and costly attempts to make it profitable.
In 1779, he secured a brevet as a cavalry captain, under the name of . The second part of this title referred to his family's origin from Mani in the Peloponnese, where their ancestors had been headsmen (, ). His claim to the surname , referring to the Byzantine Komnenos dynasty, first appears in this document, but it apparently reflects a well-established tradition: in his , the Florentine historian Gioacchino Cambiagi devoted an entire chapter (Vol. XII, pp. 287–312) to the family's descent from Alexios I Komnenos, and its subsequent history, drawn in part from oral accounts of the Greeks of Corsica. The family claimed descent from a supposed "Nikephoros Komnenos", the youngest son of the last Emperor of Trebizond, David Komnenos (), who had allegedly been sent to safety with his cousin, Despina Khatun, and then settled in Mani and became a there. However, no son of such name is known for the emperor, who was executed along with his sons in November 1463 by the Ottoman sultan Mehmed II.
In 1781, Demetrio submitted his genealogy to the royal genealogist, and in April 1782, King Louis XVI recognized his claim to the surname. In accordance with his new status, he was given the right to mount the royal carriage, and his marriage contract in 1785 was signed by the royal family. His wife, Edmée Marie de la Chaussée de Boucherville, was presented to the royal court by none other than the Countess of La Tour d'Auvergne.
Following the French Revolution, he initially joined the counter-revolutionary Army of Condé. Following the French conquest of Italy in 1796–1797, he was employed by Napoleon Bonaparte in his schemes to exploit the Greek aspirations for independence from the Ottoman Empire; Napoleon sent Stefanopoli as his agent to Greece in 1797, and reportedly even considered him as a potential candidate for the Greek throne. The French invasion of Egypt put an end to Napoleon's plans for a Greek insurrection, and Stefanopoli returned to France, where he published his Voyage en Grèce in 1800.
With the Bourbon Restoration, Louis XVIII named him . He died childless at Paris on 8 August 1821. His younger brother Giorgio and then his nephew, Adolphe de Geouffre, were his heirs.
Writings
Démètre Stephanopoli de Comnène, Notes archéologiques, Ajaccio, 1841
Démètre Stephanopoli de Comnène, Précis d'histoire de la maison de Comnène, Paris
Voyage de Dimo et Nicolo Stephanopoli en Grèce, Paris, an VIII
References
Sources
1749 births
1821 deaths
18th-century French people
18th-century Greek people
19th-century French people
19th-century Greek people
French generals
French people of the French Revolutionary Wars
French writers
People from Corse-du-Sud
French people of Greek descent
French counter-revolutionaries
18th-century Greek writers
19th-century Greek writers
18th-century Greek politicians
19th-century Greek politicians
Ángel Santiago Monares Cruz (born July 24, 1973 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican football manager and former player.
Career
After a 12-year career as a professional footballer with Tecos F.C., Puebla F.C. and Chivas de Guadalajara, Monares managed Cimarrones de Sonora during 2014.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Mexican football managers
Tecos F.C. footballers
Club Puebla players
Liga MX players
Footballers from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Association footballers not categorized by position
Wolf: The Journey Home, originally titled Hungry for Home: A Wolf Odyssey, is a 1997 American young adult novel written by 'Asta Bowen. Originally published by Simon & Schuster with line drawings by Jane Hart Meyer, it was retitled and reprinted without illustrations in 2006 by Bloomsbury Publishing. Based on true accounts of the Pleasant Valley, Montana, wolf pack, the novel traces the life of a female alpha wolf named Marta after the forced relocation of her pack in 1989 to an unfamiliar territory. Terrified, Marta abandons her pack and begins a journey in search of her home; she eventually arrives in Ninemile Valley, where she finds a new mate with whom she starts a new pack.
Bowen was prompted to write the story of the relocated wolves after becoming outraged over the continued poaching of wolves in the protected areas of Ninemile Valley. She spent four years researching wolves while working on the novel. In recounting the fates of the animals at the end, she expresses hope in the ideals behind efforts to restore wolf populations. Nominated for a 2006 Teens' Top Ten award by the American Library Association, the novel was praised by critics. Two praised Bowen's ability to avoid anthropomorphism while capturing the essence of wolf behavior and life. Another also praised the story's highlighting of the difficulties in wolf relocation programs.
Plot
Marta, a black gray wolf, is alpha female in a small pack in Pleasant Valley, Montana, that consists of her mate, Calef, their three pups Rann, Sula, and Annie, and a seven-year-old wolf named Oldtooth. One morning Calef is killed by poachers, leaving Marta and Oldtooth to try to feed and raise the pups on their own. Though an experienced hunter, Oldtooth is unable to bring down large game as he lost most of his teeth chewing a steel leg trap off his leg years ago. Once the cubs are old enough to be left alone for short periods of time, Marta takes over the bulk of the hunting. Though it is difficult, the two adults successfully keep all three cubs alive and begin weaning them and teaching them the ways of the wolf. In the summer, traps begin appearing in the area as human populations increase. Annie and Sula are caught and are taken away by humans, but reappear a few days later, locked in cages. Marta tries to free her pups but is unsuccessful; however humans come regularly to keep them fed and ensure they have water. Oldtooth is later captured, while Marta is tranquilized from a helicopter. Rann escapes and is not seen again.
The wolves are kept in a human facility for a couple of months to be examined, and a wound on Oldtooth's paw is treated. In early winter, the wolves are sedated again and awaken to find themselves in a strange high place with radio collars around their necks. Still groggy from the tranquilizer, the strangeness of the events and the smell of grizzly bear in the area triggers Marta's flight instincts and she runs blindly downward, leaving Oldtooth and the cubs behind. When Oldtooth awakens, he quietly abandons Annie and Sula, following Marta's trail, but at a much slower pace.
Marta continues running in the direction she believes will lead back to Pleasant Valley, swimming across Middle Fork River, crossing the nearby highway and railroad tracks, and running through various woodlands in between. Pausing only to drink water and tend her paws, she crosses Pyramid Peak and swims across the Hungry Horse Reservoir, before a week without food and exhaustion cause her to collapse on the shore. After resting, she continues her run, though hunger now spurs her to pause to hunt when she can but she eventually collapses by Flathead Lake, where she remains unconscious for days. Meanwhile, unskilled at hunting and without the adults to teach them how to survive, Annie and Sula slowly starve to death. Oldtooth reaches Middle Fork Valley, where illness and his lame foot drive him to hunt local livestock. He is shot and killed by a human.
When Marta recovers, her instincts to return home are dulled and she begins traveling more slowly. She makes her way through Swan Valley to cross the Swan Range and Mission Mountains. As winter settles in, she makes a winter home around Lindbergh Lake, where hunting is good and humans few. Near the end of winter, she meets another lone wolf, Greatfoot, a large male. Initially they maintain their distance from one another, until Greatfoot hunts the elk herd in Marta's range, specifically the aging leader that Marta favored and refused to hunt herself. She stops the other wolf's hunt, and after a brief skirmish they forget the elk and become friendly. They form a pack of two and leave the area, heading south. After mating, their travels become more urgent to find a home to raise young.
They settle in Ninemile Valley, a large forested region that while inhabited by humans, has few roads and homes. Several weeks after they make their den, Marta gives birth to seven pups, though one dies shortly after birth. As spring arrives, the pups grow well under their parents care and begin making their first explorations outside of the den. In early summer, Marta leaves the den to hunt and is killed by a poacher. Greatfoot is left as the sole provider for the pups. Though they were not fully weaned, they soon learn to eat the meat their father provides and he slowly begins teaching them how to avoid humans and how to survive. The only human the pack ignores is a human scent they frequently find on their trails, as no human ever appears with it, only the occasional sound of a truck nearby.
Near the end of summer, Greatfoot is run over and killed while crossing a freeway during a hunt. The pups begin hearing a strange wolf howl, but when they track it they find a fresh kill and the familiar human scent. New kills appear every few days as the young wolves grow larger and stronger. One night when they hear the unusual howl, they are closer than usual to it and reach the kill in time to meet their benefactor, a human male. The pack stares at the man, before disappearing back into the forest, ignoring his howl. As he goes to leave, however, the six return to the edge of the clearing and howl.
Development and publication
According to Bowen, she was "not a wolf person" before penning Wolf: The Journey Home. A language arts teacher at Flathead High School in northwest Montana and a former op-ed columnist for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, she stated that she read news reports about the Pleasant Valley wolf pack in the Daily Inter Lake, but it was the death of one of the Ninemile pups that spurred her to write the novel. In her words, it was "one death too many" from the many non-accidental deaths of the wolves, and she felt the "story needed to be told". She spent four years studying wolves in preparation for writing the novel, particularly the lives of a pack of wolves that were part of the federal wolf relocation program and who were documented in records kept by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. The pack formed in the spring of 1989 in Pleasant Valley, Montana. As in the novel, the alpha male was killed, mistaken for a dog by a rancher, and the rest of the pack was trapped, except the one pup that escaped. They were held in Kalispell until they could be transferred to Glacier Park. Using radio collars, biologists were able to track the pack members from their release to their eventual fates, as depicted in the novel. The pups born to Marta and Greatfoot were born in Spring 1990 in Ninemile Valley, an area near Missoula. When they stopped receiving a signal for Marta, authorities searched for her body for weeks until her broken radio collar was found in a creek. Mike Jimenez, then a wildlife biologist and the Wyoming Wolf Recovery Project Leader, was the man in the blue truck who tracked and monitored the pack in the novel and fed the pups after the death of Greatfoot.
The novel, then titled Hungry for Home: A Wolf Odyssey, was first published by Simon & Schuster in hardback format on January 13, 1997. The first edition included ink illustrations by Jane Hart Meyer. The novel was reprinted in paperback format on January 30, 1998. The novel later went out of print, after enjoying modest success in the Netherlands. A few years later, Bowen's attorney convinced her to rework the novel for young-adult readers, and on December 27, 2005, Bloomsbury USA reprinted the edited novel with the new title of Wolf: The Journey Home in hardback format, without the illustrations of the previous edition and with a new photographic cover. The new edition of the novel has been translated and reprinted in China.
Aftermath
Jimenez stopped feeding the pups after Thanksgiving that same year. Though the pups learned to hunt, Silver and Pikuni left the pack and the other four began killing livestock. They were captured to be relocated, much as their parents had been. One, Camas, escaped after waking up from the tranquilizer early. Chinook was killed for continuing to hunt livestock and Timber was killed by a poacher. Tenino, who also continued hunting livestock, was recaptured and sent to Wolf Haven International, a sanctuary in Washington State, where he lived until his death in 2001. The fates of the other cubs, as well as Rann, the cub who escaped the initial relocation, are unknown. In the epilogue of the novel, Bowen expresses hope that they survived and bred, enabling the bloodlines started with Marta and Greatfoot to continue in the wolf packs that now inhabit the area. Jimenez continued working as the Wyoming Wolf Recovery Project Leader for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service until 2008, when he was selected to be the Wyoming Game and Fish Department's Wolf Program Coordinator.
Reception
Wolf: The Journey Home was nominated for the 2006 Teens' Top Ten award by the American Library Association. Publishers Weeklys Sybil Steinberg called it a "powerful first novel" and a "genuinely eye-opening tale". She praised Bowen for "striving to inhabit the wild psyche of Marta with a minimum of anthropomorphic sentimentality," and felt the author conveyed "both a reverence for the ways of the wild and a realistic grasp of wolves' fear of humans." Reviewing the title for The Detroit Free Press, Judy Rose considered it a "fact-and-fiction book" written "with a wolf's-eye view". She praised the work's factual basis and Bowen's extensive research into the topic, and felt the novel's release was "well-timed", coinciding with growing interest in wolf research and the reintroduction programs, particularly those at Yellowstone Park. While noting the novel is not for everyone, she felt it would be enjoyable to "wildlife lovers" and that readers will "howl with [the wolves] pain". David Seideman of the Chicago Tribune considered the novel to be in the same "vein [as] the classic The Incredible Journey", praising the author's "faithfully [capturing of] their indomitable spirit". He thought that "Bowen's first-rate skills as a nature writer keep her from falling off the edge into anthropomorphism", though he criticized the scenes in which Marta refuses to hunt and even defends an old buck, feeling that she allowed "her sympathies to distort reality" and contradicted her own assertion that wolves are "always looking for an easy meal." Jennifer Henderson, of the Booklist, found it to be a "memorable tale" that highlights the difficulties in reintroducing wolves even to protected areas. Calling it a "beautifully told wolf story" with a "tragic outcome", she recommended the novel for teenage readers who love animals. In Gentle Reads: Great Books to Warm Hearts and Lift Spirits, Deanna McDaniel recommends the novel in her list of 500 inspiring stories for young adults, considering it to be an engaging and "vivid" tale of survival that contains a "strong message of hope" in the legacy Marta leaves behind.
References
External links
'Asta Bowen official site
1997 American novels
American young adult novels
Non-fiction novels
Novels set in Montana
Novels about wolves
1997 debut novels
The soprano singing voice is the voice of children and the highest type of female voice with vocal range that typically lies between "middle C" (C4) and "high C" (C6) The soprano voice (unlike the mezzo-soprano voice) is stronger in the head register than the chest register, resulting in a bright and ringing tone. Some sopranos can sing one or more octaves above high C using the whistle register.
The term soprano was developed in relation to classical and operatic voices, where the classification is based not merely on the singer's vocal range but also on the tessitura and timbre of the voice. For classical and operatic singers, their voice type determines the roles they will sing and is a primary method of categorization. In non-classical music, singers are primarily defined by their genre and their gender not their vocal range. When the terms soprano, mezzo-soprano, contralto, tenor, baritone, and bass are used as descriptors of non-classical voices, they are applied more loosely than they would be to those of classical singers and generally refer only to the singer's perceived vocal range.
The following is a list of singers in country, popular music, jazz, classical crossover, and musical theatre who have been described as sopranos.
List of names
See also
List of contraltos in non-classical music
List of mezzo-sopranos in non-classical music
List of basses in non-classical music
List of baritones in non-classical music
List of tenors in non-classical music
Types and roles of sopranos in opera
Voice classification in non-classical music
Voice type
Notes
References
Non-classical music
Lists of singers
Lists of women in music
Graeme Donald Snooks (born 1944 in Perth, Western Australia) is a systems theorist and stratologist who has developed a general dynamic theory to explain complex living systems. His resulting "dynamic-strategy theory" has been employed to analyse the fluctuating fortunes of life over the past 4,000 million years (myrs) and of human society over the past 2 myrs; to analyse contemporary economic problems (inflation, financial crises, climate change); to explore socio-political issues (population expansion, the emergence of democracy, the "clash of civilizations", disease (COVID-19) control, the failure of strategic leadership); to analyse the emergence, operation, and malfunction of the mind; and to make scientific predictions about the future. New discoveries emerging from Snooks' publications include: existential schizophrenia, strategic frustration, strategic selection, the growth-inflation curve, the strategy function, the logological constant (akin to the cosmological constant), the Snooks–Panov Vertical (or the singularity), technological paradigm shifts, the Solar Revolution, and, most importantly, the strategic logos. His body of work challenges the existing paradigms of orthodox (neo-classical) economics, climate-mitigation economics, Marxism, neo-Darwinism, evolutionary psychology, self-organisation theory, and all other supply-side systems.For twenty-one years, from 1989 to 2010, Snooks was the foundation Coghlan Research Professor of Economics in the Institute of Advanced Studies at the Australian National University. Currently he is the Executive Director of both the Institute of Global Dynamic Systems and IGDS Books in Canberra. He was educated at Mount Lawley Senior High School (1957–1961), the University of Western Australia (BEc, 1966; MEc, 1968), and the Australian National University (PhD, 1972). Snooks has been elected Fellow of the Australian Academy of Social Sciences (1991), Fellow of the Royal Historical Society (UK) (1990), and Fellow of the Russian Academy of Humanities (elected 2006, resigned in protest 2022).
Books and articles
Snooks has published 30 books, including: Depression and Recovery (1974), Domesday Economy (with J. McDonald) (1986), Economics Without Time (1993), Historical Analysis in Economics (1993), Portrait of the Family within the Total Economy (1994), Was the Industrial Revolution Necessary?, (1994), The Dynamic Society (1996), The Ephemeral Civilization (1997), The Laws of History (1998), Longrun Dynamics (1998), Global Transition (1999), The Global Crisis Makers (2000), The Collapse of Darwinism (2003), The Selfcreating Mind (2006), The Coming Eclipse, or The Triumph of Climate Mitigation Over Solar Revolution (2010), Dead God Rising. Religion and Science in the Universal Life-System (2010). The Death of Zarathustra. Notes on Truth for the Risk-Taker (2011), Ark of the Sun: the improbable voyage of life (November 2015), Ultimate Reality & its Dissidents (March 2016), Time's Gateway: a personal quest for ultimate reality (August 2017), and Great Myths to Die For: essays on the ship of metaphysical fools (February 2021).
Snooks' book, Ark of the Sun provides an overview of his thinking over five decades on the dynamics of life and human society and reveals the underlying reality of life – the strategic logos – which is the ultimate complex living system. Ultimate Reality & its Dissidents provides a unique philosophy of life based on his realist general dynamic theory. Time's Gateway shows how these ideas emerged over the past fifty years. And Great Myths to Die For shows how the metaphysical interventionists are undermining the survival of human civilization. He is currently researching the contribution of DNA testing to the exploration of societal dynamics over the past 60,000 years.
Articles on the theory of complex living systems have been published by Snooks in Advances in Space Research (2005), Complexity (the journal of the Santa Fe Institute) (2008), and Social Evolution & History (2002, 2005, 2007). In a November 2016 article – "The Triumph of Trump and the failure of the intellectuals" – he applies the dynamic-strategy theory to the recent US Presidential election and provides suggestions for the type of dynamic strategy that the USA would need to pursue in order to "make America great again" and to position itself at the forefront of a forthcoming technological paradigm shift. Snooks's most recent articles include: "Exploding the great singularity myth" (February 2019), which critically examines the futuristic concept known as the technological singularity – an issue that he first addressed in his 1996 book The Dynamic Society; "Exploding the Great Climate Mitigation Myth" (May 2019), which claims that the impact of the economic interventions to address climate change have been grossly underestimated; "Fight the Virus (COVID-19), Not the Economy! How to Avoid the 'Interventionist Storm'" (March 2020), which discusses the dangers of complete economic shut-down; "COVID-19 and the Great Lockdown Fiasco" (April 2020), which claims that the emerging 'lockdown depression' is the outcome of a failure of strategic leadership in Western Civilization that has been emerging since the late 20th century; and "Will the world ever recover from the Great Lockdown? Counting the costs of waging war on the economy", which estimates and analyses the impact of massive government intervention on world real GDP and GDP per capita in both the short and long term. In 2022 Snooks published a series of papers on the philosophical implications of his dynamic-strategy theory and his discovery of the strategic logos.
See also
Big History
Complex systems
References
Further reading
For further details see : together with Who's Who in Australia, and Marquis Who's Who in the World.
Gary B. Magee, "As big as it gets: 'Big Theory' and The Collapse of Darwinism", in Social Evolution & History, vol. 5, no. 1, March 2006, pp. 164 – 174.
Big History or Big Theory. Uncovering the Laws of Life Social Evolution & History. Vol. 4, no. 1, 2005. Special Issue. Exploring the Horizons of Big History
Akop Nazaretyan, "Snooks-Panov Vertical", The Encyclopaedia of Global Science, ed. I.I. Mazow and A.N. Chumakov, Moscow: Dialog Raduga Publishers, 2005.
Graeme Donald Snooks, Time's Gateway: A personal quest for ultimate reality (IGDS Books, 2017).
Graeme Donald Snooks, "Exploding the Great Singularity Myth". IGDS Working Papers #16, February 2019.
Graeme Donald Snooks, "Is Singularity a Scientific Concept, or the Construct of Metaphysical Historicism? Implications for Big History", IGDS Working Papers # 17, February 2019.
Graeme Donald Snooks, "Fight the Virus (COVID-19), Not the Economy! How to Avoid the 'Interventionist storm'", IGDS Working Papers, #19, March 2020.
Graeme Donald Snooks, "COVID-19 and the Great Lockdown Fiasco", IGDS Working Papers, #20. April 2020.
Graeme Donald Snooks, "Will the world ever recover from the Great Lockdown? Counting the costs of waging war on the economy", IGDS Working Papers'' # 21. May 2020.
Graeme Donald Snooks, "Is singularity a scientific concept, or the metaphysical construct of historicism? Implications for Big History". In: Andrey V. Korotayev & David J. LePoire (eds), The 21st Century Singularity and Global Futures: A Big History Perspective (Springer, 2020)
Complex systems scientists
Living people
1944 births
Australian economists
Big History
Non-Darwinian evolution
People educated at Mount Lawley Senior High School
People from Perth, Western Australia
Scientists from Western Australia
University of Western Australia alumni
Australian National University alumni
Fellows of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Jean Auguste Édouard Liénard (1779 in Paris – 10 February 1848 in Lille) was a French painter. He signed his works E.Liénard or J.Liénard.
A student of Regnault, Isabey and David, and worked for a long time as a painter of miniatures and portraits in Lille, where he succeeded François Watteau in 1823 as professor at the école des arts. He also worked for the Manufacture nationale de Sèvres from 1828 to 1833. His own students included Victor Mottez.
External links
Works by Liénard
1779 births
1848 deaths
18th-century French painters
French male painters
19th-century French painters
Pupils of Jacques-Louis David
Ysgol Bronyfoel was a Welsh daily co-educational primary school. The school was situated in the centre of the village Y Fron, Gwynedd, North Wales. It opened in 1844 and was greatly enlarged at the end of the 19th century. It was a vibrant and successful school for 171 years. The school suffered from declining numbers of pupils from 1990 onwards and was permanently closed in July 2015. Primary pupils now attend Ysgol Bro Llifon in the village of Groeslon 3 miles away.
The school building has been turned over to a village community group Canolfan Y Fron and it will open in May 2018 as a community centre, with a shop, cafe, community rooms and an 18-bed tourism accommodation unit. http://www.dailypost.co.uk/news/north-wales-news/ysgol-bronyfoel-fron-gwynedd-flats--12274729
References
Schools in Gwynedd
Brett Dickinson (born December 4, 1962) is a former American professional tennis player.
Biography
Dickinson was born in Atlanta, Georgia but grew up in Las Vegas, Nevada. He studied mathematics at San Jose State University in the early 1980s and played collegiate tennis, before turning professional.
His greatest achievement on tour was reaching the doubles final of the 1985 Melbourne Outdoor, a Grand Prix tournament, with Roberto Saad. The pair were defeated in the final by local pairing Darren Cahill and Peter Carter.
As a singles player he reached the quarter-finals at Auckland in 1986 and the following year won the Enugu Challenger tournament in Nigeria. He came close to upsetting Pat Cash at the 1987 WCT Tournament of Champions. He was 5–2 up in the third and deciding set before the Australian came back to win by claiming the final five games.
He competed in the main draw of the men's doubles events at the Australian Open, French Open and US Open.
For much of his tennis career he was based in Paris, France. He is now back in the United States and works as a realtor in La Jolla.
Grand Prix career finals
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
Challenger titles
Singles: (1)
Doubles: (2)
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from Nevada
San Jose State Spartans men's tennis players
Georges Minsay Booka is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He was Minister of Justice in the first and second cabinets of the Gizenga government, from February to November 2007.
Georges Minsay Booka was named Justice Minister by President Joseph Kabila in the government headed by Antoine Gizenga in February 2007 one of four members of Gizenga's Unified Lumumbist Party (PALU) to be named to the cabinet.
In 2007 there was an ownership dispute over the Kalukundi Mine when a DRC company named Akam Mining claimed it had bought control of Swanmines, the holding company, and this claim was upheld in a superior court in Lubumbashi.
This was an important test of the strength of property laws in the DRC and the security of foreign investment.
In September 2007 the Canadian company Africo Resources said "third parties" were trying to steal its Kalukundi asset through the "systematic misuse of the judicial system".
Later that month Georges Minsay Booka directed Gécamines to take note that Akam Mining had no stake in the property.
References
Government ministers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Unified Lumumbist Party politicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
Cinnamomum glanduliferum, common name false camphor tree or Nepal camphor tree, is a tree in the genus Cinnamomum of the family Lauraceae.
Description
Cinnamomum glanduliferum is an evergreen tree reaching a height around . Leaves are shiny, dark green, alternate, petiolated, elliptic to ovate or lanceolate, long and wide. Flowers are yellowish and small, about wide. Fruits are black, globose, up to in diameter. Flowering period extends from March through May and the fruits ripen from July to September. The leaves have a characteristic smell and contain camphor and essential oils.
Distribution
This plant is native to China, Bhutan, India, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Nepal.
Habitat
In China, C. glanduliferum grows in broad-leaved forests of mountainous regions, at an elevation around above sea level, sometimes higher.
References
Further reading
External links
Schede di Botanica
Plantes Botanique
The Plant List
glanduliferum
Trees of Bhutan
Trees of Myanmar
Trees of China
Flora of India (region)
Flora of Peninsular Malaysia
Trees of Nepal
Bowmans Addition is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 584.
It is located north of Cumberland in a valley bounded by Wills Mountain to the northwest and Shriver Ridge to the southeast.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Allegany County, Maryland
Populated places in the Cumberland, MD-WV MSA
Census-designated places in Maryland
Cumberland, MD-WV MSA
Todd J. McCubbin is a major general in the United States Air Force.
Career
MGen McCubbin received his commission via the Air Force Reserve Officers Training Corps. He began training at Reese Air Force Base in 1988. The following year, he became a Northrop T-38 Talon instructor pilot.
From 1993 to 1997, McCubbin was assigned to the 436th Airlift Wing, where his duties included serving as a Lockheed C-5 Galaxy instructor pilot. Afterwards, he was an exchange officer with the Canadian Armed Forces before returning to the 436th Airlift Wing and serving as an instructor pilot with the 709th Airlift Squadron, the latter of which he assumed command of in 2005.
MGen McCubbin was stationed at Tyndall Air Force Base from 2008 to 2011. Afterwards, he was named Vice Commander of the 934th Airlift Wing and would become its Commander in 2013. He was then Deputy Director of Operations of the United States Southern Command beginning in 2015. In 2017, he was assigned to the Third Air Force at Ramstein Air Base.
Currently, MGen McCubbin is Mobilization Assistant to the Commander, Air Force Special Operations Command.
Awards he has received include the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal with four oak leaf clusters, the Aerial Achievement Medal, the Air Force Commendation Medal with oak leaf cluster, the Combat Readiness Medal, the National Defense Service Medal with service star, the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Humanitarian Service Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal with 'M' device and the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with silver oak leaf cluster.
Education
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Squadron Officer School
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
Air Command and Staff College
Air War College
References
United States Air Force generals
United States Air Force reservists
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Embry–Riddle Aeronautical University alumni
Squadron Officer School alumni
Air Command and Staff College alumni
Air War College alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Autonomous University of Guerrero (Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero or UAGro) is a public and autonomous institution of secondary education and higher education in the Mexican state of Guerrero. Its main campus is in Chilpancingo, with facilities in Acapulco, Taxco, Iguala, Tixtla, Ometepec, Tecpan de Galeana, Altamirano and other cities in the state.
History
Predecessors
Almost immediately after the foundation of Guerrero as a state in 1849, officials recognized the need to establish an institution of higher education. To this end, the Álvarez Literary Institute (Instituto Literario de Álvarez) was established by decree on June 5, 1852, to be located at Tixtla. However, the literary institute did not get off the ground for 17 years, hampered by war between liberals and conservatives. On September 11, 1869, the governor of Guerrero, General Francisco O. Arce, revived the institute, and it began operations five days later. In its early years, the Literary Institute was dogged by a lack of teachers and funding; it moved to Chilpancingo upon its designation as the state capital in 1870. A new plan of studies, released in 1885, gave the school colegio status and added several new programs. However, the state's education policy for most of the late 19th and early 20th centuries focused on creating teachers. The Instituto Literario de Varones y de Señoritas (Literary Institute for Men and Women), the first normal school in Guerrero, was founded in 1893. It changed names twice, becoming the Mixed Normal School of Guerrero in 1908. Additionally, a law school was created in Chilpancingo in 1903.
A new university
By the early 1940s, the normal school was not faring well. In response, Governor Rafael Catalán Calvo established the Colegio del Estado (State College) in April 1942. The State College's programs were modeled on those of the Instituto Politécnico Nacional, where the governor had studied, and it taught various engineering, agricultural and marine degrees. In 1950, the State College was declared a university, without a name change, and it became a member of the ANUIES, the national association of universities.
Throughout the 1950s, students at the school called for the institution's name to be changed to reflect its status, proposing the moniker Universidad del Sur (University of the South). On June 22, 1960, the state legislature promulgated a law creating the Universidad de Guerrero (University of Guerrero), which for a time included the normal and secondary schools that later were transferred to the education department. However, continued calls by students for the university's autonomy went unheeded. A 1960 student strike calling for the autonomy of the university ultimately ended in a massacre claiming nearly 20 lives and the fall of the state government under Governor Raúl Caballero Aburto.
In 1963, a new organic law was passed by the state government, granting the university autonomy.
Universidad-Pueblo
The concept of a "popular university" was brought to Guerrero by rector Rosalío Wences Reza, who served between 1972 and 1975. The model focused on the establishment of a university open to the public, with support for students from poorer economic backgrounds, as well as the creation of preparatory schools across the state and the university's support of social conflicts in Mexico and Latin America. Wences Reza alternated with other rectors, serving again from 1978 to 1981 and from 1984 to 1987. While the university grew, political considerations often clashed with educational priorities and sometimes interfered with the delivery of quality education. Local elites and the state government, alarmed by the ideological stance adopted in this era, harassed the university. This was particularly seen when the university established a radio station in 1982. Radio Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero faced constant jamming and interference, moving frequencies and even at one point to different locations in order to solve its problems.
Campuses
The Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero has a presence across the state, including its main campus in the state capital of Chilpancingo and programs in major cities such as Acapulco, as well as preparatory schools in dozens of cities statewide.
Other university operations
Among the university's other operations include the Club Deportivo Águilas de la Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, a professional soccer team founded in 2015 playing in the Tercera División, and Radio Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, a radio station on AM and FM which has broadcast since 1982 but has never had an official broadcasting permit or concession.
References
Autonomous University of Guerrero
Educational institutions established in 1960
1960 establishments in Mexico
Pishan railway station () is a railway station in Pishan County along the Kashgar–Hotan railway. It was opened on 20 June 2011. It is operated by China Railway Ürümqi Group.
Around the station
Pishan Vocational and Technical School
Pishan Senior High School
Pishan Environmental Protection Bureau
Pishan Housing Bureau
Pishan No. 3 Middle School
Pishan No. 4 Elementary School
Pishan Public Security Bureau
Pishan Sanxia Industrial Park
History
The station was built in 2010.
References
External links
中国铁路客户服务中心
Railway stations in Xinjiang
Hotan Prefecture
Railway stations in China opened in 2011
Stations on the Kashgar–Hotan Railway
°
Sneathiella chinensis is a Gram-negative, aerobic, non-spore-forming, chemoheterotrophic, halotolerant and motile bacterium from the genus of Sneathiella which has been isolated from coastal sediments from Qingdao in China.
References
External links
Type strain of Sneathiella chinensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Alphaproteobacteria
Bacteria described in 2007
Ephedra viridis, known by the common names green Mormon tea, green ephedra, and Indian tea, is a species of Ephedra. It is indigenous to the Western United States, where it is a member of varied scrub, woodland, desert, and open habitats. It grows at elevations.
Description
The Ephedra viridis shrub is woody below, topped with many dense clusters of erect bright green twigs. They may yellow somewhat with age.
Nodes along the twigs are marked by the tiny pairs of vestigial leaves, which start out reddish but soon dry to brown or black. Since the leaves are no longer functional, the stems are green and photosynthetic.
Male plants produce pollen cones at the nodes, each under a centimeter long with protruding yellowish sporangiophores. Female plants produce seed cones which are slightly larger and contain two seeds each.
Uses
The drug ephedrine, an antidepressant and decongestant, is made from this and other Ephedra species. A tea can be made by boiling the stems, whence the common name, "green Mormon tea".
The plant was used medicinally by both Native Americans and the ancient Chinese (using their own local species of the genus) to treat various afflictions including sexually transmitted diseases such as gonorrhea and syphilis, kidney diseases, and complications with menstruation. Native American tribes such as the Shoshone and Paiute boiled tea using the stem of the plant and combined it with the bark of Purshia tridentata, another shrub.
In modern medicine, the plant is to treat sinus illnesses such as hay fever, common colds, and sinusitis. This use is supported by clinical trials, as is its treatment of bronchial asthma.
Because the plant can be used as an appetite suppressant, it is used illegally by some athletes to lose weight and build muscle.
Because it is toxic, the plant should not be ingested without a doctor's recommendation.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment: Ephedra viridis
Ecology
Ephedra viridis — U.C. Photo gallery
viridis
North American desert flora
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1893
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Elizabeth Street is a major street in the centre of the city in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The street was one of the earliest in Brisbane being established at the beginning of settlement in Brisbane as Moreton Bay penal settlement. Today, most of the street is fronted by low-level retail outlets, with an increase in mixed use skyscrapers being recently constructed.
Geography
Major shopping arcades on Elizabeth Street include The Myer Centre, Marcarthur Central and the Elizabeth Arcade. The Brisbane Hilton hotel has it main entrance on Elizabeth Street. The offices at Central Plaza Two have their entrance at the easterly end or downtown part of the street.
There is good pedestrian access around the street, such as pathways near the General Post Office and access to the Queen Street bus station via the Myer Centre. The street runs parallel to and south of the city's central mall in Queen Street. To ease congestion in the Brisbane central business district traffic direction is one-way from west to east.
At the top of the street nearest the Brisbane River is William Street and exit ramps from the Riverside Expressway. Between this intersection and George Street is the Queens Gardens, a small open park. Adjacent to this is the Treasury Building and the Conrad Treasury Casino, which is open 24 hours a day.
Elizabeth Street was one of various Brisbane locations used in the filming of the 2015 motion picture San Andreas. The street was used to represent downtown San Francisco after a major earthquake struck that city, with over 300 extras participating in the shooting of the scene.
History
Brisbane's first theatre, the Theatre Royal was at 80 Elizabeth Street. It was first built in 1865, was remodelled on a number of occasions and was demolished in 1987 to make way for the Myer Centre.
Since the closure of the Victoria Bridge to general traffic in 2021, traffic volumes on Elizabeth Street declined.
Heritage listings
Elizabeth Street has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
171 Elizabeth Street: Heckelmanns Building
179 Elizabeth Street: Tara House (Irish Club)
249 Elizabeth Street: Old St Stephens Church
259-269 Elizabeth Street: St Stephens Catholic Cathedral
283 Elizabeth Street: Telecommunications House
Sections of Albert St, George St, William St, North Quay, Queen's Wharf Rd: Early Streets of Brisbane (includes land now on Elizabeth Street)
144 George Street: Queens Gardens (on the corner of Elizabeth Street)
167 Albert Street: Perry House (on the corner of Elizabeth Street)
171 George Street: Family Services Building (on the corner of Elizabeth Street)
179 - 191 George Street: Hunters Buildings (Treasury Chambers, St Francis House & Symons Building), a L-shaped building which fronts both George and Elizabeth Streets
Major intersections
Riverside Expressway
William Street
George Street
Albert Street
Edward Street
Creek Street
Eagle Street
See also
Adelaide Street
Ann Street
Charlotte Street
Mary Street
Margaret Street
References
External links
Streets in Brisbane
Brisbane central business district
The Rupperswil murder case is one of the most notable crime cases in recent Swiss history, particularly for the cold-blooded manner in which the crime was carried out.
Events
On December 21, 2015, firemen were called to a fire in a house in Rupperswil, a community with about 5,000 inhabitants in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland. Four bodies were located at the site, and soon it became clear that the four people had been killed before the fire broke out. A five months long investigation finally concluded on May 12, 2016 when a suspect was apprehended in the nearby town of Aarau.
The victims were Carla Schauer-Freiburghaus, 48 years old, her two sons Davin (13) and Dion (19) and Dion's girlfriend, Simona F. (21). The murderer, Thomas Nick, a 33-year-old student, entered the family's house after the mother's partner left. By threatening Davin, he made his mother tie up Dion and Simona, and demanded money. After the mother returned from the bank, he sexually abused the younger child, and then killed the victims by slashing their throats. After setting fire to the house, he left.
The police of the Canton of Aargau offered a previously unheard-of sum of 100,000 Swiss Francs as a reward for information. For five months, the killer remained elusive, but he was finally apprehended after a thorough investigation. Traces of his DNA as well as his fingerprints were identified at the crime location, and he gave a comprehensive confession. He lived with his mother in the same town, was known for owning two Huskies, and spent much time training and coordinating the football youth in his area. He did not know the victims beforehand and may have sought them out because the family had a 13-year-old son.
When he was apprehended, the police found cable ties, adhesive tape, an old Swiss army ordnance pistol (Pistole 1900/06/29, a version of the Luger pistol) as well as prepared handcuffs made from rope. These were interpreted as a sign that he planned future crimes of a similar nature.
In March 2018, Thomas Nick was found guilty by the district court in Lenzburg, in the canton of Argau, Switzerland, of murder, extortion, hostage-taking, sexual assault, sexual acts with a child, and arson, among other counts. He was sentenced to life imprisonment.
References
External links
http://www.nzz.ch/panorama/vierfaches-toetungsdelikt-taeter-von-rupperswil-plante-weitere-morde-ld.82461 (German)
December 2015 crimes in Europe
Mass murder in Switzerland
2015 in Switzerland
2015 crimes in Switzerland
2010s murders in Switzerland
2015 murders in Europe
December 2015 events in Switzerland
Chandrakona Jorbangla Temple is a 17th-century stone built temple at Dakshinbazar, Chandrakona in Ghatal subdivision of Paschim Medinipur district in West Bengal, India.
Geography
Chandrakona Jorbangla Temple is located at .
The temple
David J. McCutchion says, “the basic forms of Bengal hut style temples may go back to time immemorial… in construction all these char-chala and at-chala temples belong to a post-Muslim tradition.” The jor-bangla possibly developed from the ek-bangla, which along with the terracotta, was popular in the construction of mazars and darghas. Chandrakona has one of the earliest jor-bangla temples. McCutchion describes the Chandrakona Jorbangla temple as a standard jorbangla, laterite built, with extensive stucco, measuring 28' 4” x 26', built possibly in the 17th century.
“The Jor Bangla temple style involves two structures that resemble the traditional village huts of Bengal, one that serves as a porch in front of the other, which serves as a shrine.” It is believed to have been built by the Bhan kings and has been renovated by the West Bengal State Archaeology department.
Chandrakona Jorbangla temple is a state protected monument.
See also
Shantinatha Shiva Temple
Malleswara Shiva Temple
Parvatinatha Temple
Jorbangla temple picture gallery
References
External links
Temples in West Bengal
Tourist attractions in Paschim Medinipur district
"Afterimage" is the 153rd episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the third episode of the seventh season, written by René Echevarria and directed by Les Landau. It was first broadcast the week of October 12, 1998, receiving Nielsen ratings of 4.3 points corresponding to about 4.3 million viewers.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet-managed Bajoran space station Deep Space Nine. The later seasons of the series follow a war between the United Federation of Planets and an expansionist empire known as the Dominion, which has already absorbed the nearby planet of Cardassia. This episode is the first to focus on the new character Ezri Dax (played by Nicole de Boer), who was introduced in the first episode of the seventh season. A member of the Trill species, Ezri is the new host for the symbiotic lifeform previously carried by main character Jadzia Dax; Jadzia was killed at the end of the sixth season to make way for actress Terry Farrell to depart the show, and the Ezri character was written to replace her.
In this episode, Ezri struggles to adapt to being joined to a being with many lifetimes of memories and experience, while Jadzia's friends and her husband Worf are disconcerted by the presence of a new Dax in their lives. Meanwhile, the Cardassian spy-turned-tailor Elim Garak is suffering from panic attacks due to claustrophobia, and Ezri, who is in training to be a therapist, is assigned to treat him.
Plot
In addition to coping with the memories of her symbiont's past lives, Ezri must deal with the range of reactions generated by her presence on Deep Space Nine. Captain Benjamin Sisko offers her a permanent job on the station, but she is reluctant to accept it due to the awkwardness of her interactions with Jadzia's friends—especially Jadzia's husband Worf, who refuses to speak to her and threatens Julian Bashir after Bashir chats with her over lunch.
Garak, who has been working on decoding encrypted Cardassian communications to aid the Federation war effort, has been suffering acute attacks of claustrophobia; Sisko asks Ezri to try to help him. Their first meeting seems to go well, but soon his claustrophobia has gotten so bad that he is found in an airlock attempting to eject himself into outer space. At a later meeting, Garak derides Ezri as a "confused child" and an unworthy successor to Jadzia, and she leaves in tears. She tells Sisko she wants to resign from Starfleet, and he berates her for wasting the symbiont's life.
Ezri returns to Garak's shop to apologize to him, and tells him about the good his work has done for the war effort. The ensuing conversation reveals the real reason for Garak's panic attacks: although he believes that defeating the Dominion is necessary for the good of Cardassia, he feels he has betrayed his people by aiding the Federation to defeat Cardassians in battle. Having helped Garak deal with his conflicted emotions, Ezri decides to remain in Starfleet. Sisko admits that he berated Ezri only as a reverse-psychology method to get her to prove herself—a tactic Jadzia had used on him before. He still holds out the offer for her to stay on DS9.
Meanwhile, Worf confides in his friend Miles O'Brien that he believes that it dishonors Jadzia's memory for her friends to treat Ezri as the same person as Jadzia; but O'Brien retorts that it is treating her like a stranger that dishonors Jadzia. Worf visits Ezri to apologize to her, and tells her that she should not turn down Sisko's job offer on his account. Ezri accepts the position, and is promoted to the rank of lieutenant.
Reception
Zack Handlen of The A.V. Club said it was a "gratifyingly solid" episode that established Ezri's place on DS9, added to our understanding of Garak, and gave us insight into "how complicated and difficult these characters' lives will always be".
In 2015, Keith R.A. DeCandido reviewed the episode for Tor.com. He rated it 3 out of 10, commenting "This is almost a good episode. It certainly tries really hard, and starts out promising. Garak's issues and Dax's dovetail nicely," but was unhappy with the conclusion; he found it difficult adjusting to Ezri after the departure of Jadzia from the show.
In 2018, Nick Cavicchio, reviewing the episode for ScienceFiction.com, described it as arguably the most important episode in the seventh season aside from the finale, as it has the function of establishing a new character in the main cast and defining her relationships with the other characters. He also praised Andrew Robinson's performance as Garak.
Michelle Erica Green, reviewing the episode for TrekToday, called the episode "contrived yet effective". She wrote that Nicole de Boer was able to establish Ezri as an effective character, despite the difficulty of replacing a character who had been on the show for 6 years, but found Garak's storyline "annoying".
References
External links
How Ezri Dax Reinvented the Replacement Character April 21, 2021
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (season 7) episodes
1998 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by Les Landau
Umred-Pauni-Karhandla Wildlife Sanctuary, about 50 km from Nagpur and 60 km from Bhandara, is spread over Pauni Tahsil of Bhandara district and Umred, Kuhi and Bhivapur Taluka of Nagpur district. This sanctuary has a connection with Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve through the forest along Wainganga river. The sanctuary is home to resident breeding tigers, herds of gaurs, wild dogs and rare animals like flying squirrels, pangolins and honey badgers.
It is bounded roughly by the Wainganga river and the Gose Khurd Dam on the northeast, State Highway 9 and Bhiwapur Town on the south, Umred on the west and a narrow 10 km long range of 600 – 800 m hills to the northwest. It is located 40 km north of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve and 50 km southwest of Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary & 60 km from Nagpur, Maharashtra. Pench Tiger Reserve is 80 km to the northwest
The number of tourists is increasing because it is very close to the Umred and Nagpur city. Tigers are commonly seen here by many villages around the sanctuary.
Wildlife
According to a 2014 report in the India Times, 11 tigers, six leopards are in the sanctuary, in addition to wild dogs, sloth bears, bisons, nilgais, deer and sambars.
In 2009, Umred-Karhandla was identified as having a good source population of tigers.
Mammal species such as the Bengal tiger, Indian leopard, Indian bison, blue bull, chital, sambar deer, barking deer, mouse deer, monkey, wild boar, sloth bear, and wild dog live here.
Tigers
The Wildlife Institute of India (WII) estimated the presence of three tigers in and around the sanctuary but the number has increased to five, with three new cubs sighted in March 2011. The field director of Umred Karhandla Wildlife Sanctuary said the 2011 births seemed to be the first litter of this tigress. "Better protection, good prey base and availability of water are three key factors why Bor is becoming a safe haven for tigers. Now the number of tigers has soared up steadily. The sanctuary now has three resident females rearing 10 cubs.,"
As per the 2015-16 tiger estimation report, there are five or six tigers in the Umred Karhandla Wildlife Sanctuary.
Birds
There are more than 90 species of birds belonging to 22 families of 12 different orders recorded in the sanctuary. This includes over 10 species of migratory birds and over seven species of endangered birds.
Reptiles
The reserve is home to over 19 species of reptiles belonging to nine families, of which four species are endangered, namely, Indian cobra, Russell's viper, Indian rock python, Indian rat snake, Chequered keelback and monitor lizard.
Tourism and conservation
The sanctuary provides connectivity between key tiger reserves like Tadoba, Pench, Bor and Nagzira. It thus also serves to reduce pressure of tourists and tourist-related activities from those protected areas because they are more eco-sensitive.
Some water management programs have been created by the tiger protection NGO Wildlife Trust of India (WTI).
About 100 km of motorable road have been developed, out of which tourists are allowed on 44 km. The road can handle about 40 vehicles - 20 in the morning and 20 in the evening.
The Forest Department has trained about 20 villagers from the nearby and surrounding areas as guides which provides them employment.
The main entrance of the sanctuary is at Karhandla village.
The following statistics pertain to the 2013-14 tourist season from 16 October to 28 February:
7,504 tourists (1,454 vehicles) visited Umred-Karhandla.
17,215 tourists (3,455 vehicles) visited Pench National Park.
6,551 tourists (1,190 vehicles) visited Bor Wildlife Sanctuary.
Recently, there has been a sharp drop in ecotourism in the sanctuary. This has been attributed to the disappearance of Jai (the iconic tiger), ban on private vehicles & doubling of gate fee.
Entry gates
Sanctuary can be access through 3 gates(Kharandla gate, Pauni gate, Gothangaon gate).
References
External links
Tiger reserves of India
Nagpur district
Wildlife sanctuaries in Maharashtra
Protected areas established in 2013
Tourist attractions in Nagpur district
2013 establishments in Maharashtra
Germanistik in Ireland is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2006 by Florian Krobb and Hans-Walter Schmidt-Hannisa. It is the official publication of the German Studies Association of Ireland and covers all areas of German studies, including literary and cultural studies, the history of the German-speaking countries, applied and theoretical linguistics, and German as a foreign language. The journal also publishes book reviews and conference reports. The official languages of the publication are German, English, and Irish. The current editors-in-chief are Jürgen Barkhoff and Siobhán Donovan. The journal is indexed in the MLA International Bibliography.
Advisory board
The advisory board consists of former editors of the journal as well as scholars from the wider community of Germanists whose specialisms span the broad spectrum of thematic areas within modern German Studies. Former editors of the peer-reviewed academic journal include Florian Krobb, Hans-Walter Schmidt Hanissa, Rachel MagShamhráin, Sabine Strümper-Krobb, Gillian Pye, and Christiane Schönfeld.
External links
Germanic philology journals
Publications established in 2006
Annual journals
Linguistics journals
Multilingual journals
English-language journals
German-language journals
Irish-language journals
Witki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References
Witki
American International School in Cyprus (AISC) is a private coeducational school in Nicosia, Cyprus. It offers an American and international university preparatory education, including the option of the International Baccalaureate program for the last two years of secondary school. AISC is owned by Esol Education.
History
The building that currently houses AISC was originally constructed in 1950 and housed the St. Barbara's Polyclinic. In 1964, the clinic was converted into the Hill Hotel, and three floors were constructed. After the Hill Hotel closed in 1983, the school was founded in 1987 as the International School in Cyprus (ISC) and was later purchased in 1993 by its current owner Esol Education and changed the name to American International School in Cyprus. In 1994, the IB Diploma Programme was added to the 11th and 12th grade curriculum.
In 2014 the Cyprus Minister of Education prohibited AISC from charging a €750 building development fee.
Languages
English, Greek, French and Spanish
Accreditation
AISC is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools (MSA) and Council of International Schools (CIS)
Membership
European Council of International School (ECIS)
National Honor Society (NHS)
Mediterranean Association of International Schools (MAIS)
Near-east South Asia Association of International Schools (NESA)
Central and Eastern European Schools Association (CEESA)
Facilities
Tennis courts
Swimming Pool
Outdoor sitting areas
Library
Theater
Covered play areas
Playground
Partnership
In April 2016, AISC and its parent organization, Esol Education, entered into an MOU with Stanford Pre-collegiate International Institutes, to send students from Cyprus to Stanford, California. The program allows students to experience college life at Stanford University, ranked in 2016 as #4 in the world by US News "Best Global University Ranking." The two-week residential program includes courses such as sciences and engineering, writing and humanities, covering concepts such as creativity, leadership, design-thinking, problem-solving, and communication, as well as field trips and excursions to other colleges and landmarks nearby. Students from 14 to 17 years may apply for the program and will be selected based on academic merit. The application process includes submitting a letter of interest, academic work samples, teacher recommendations, report cards and an interview with AISC.
References
External links
International schools in Cyprus
Education in Nicosia
Cyprus
American international schools in Asia
Educational institutions established in 1987
1987 establishments in Cyprus
Paul Henry (born 16 October 1970) is a New Zealand former cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Otago in 1996/97.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Mataura
The Barrington Woolen Mill Museum, located in Barrington, Nova Scotia, is a part of the Nova Scotia Museum.
The museum is a preserved 19th century turbine mill. It was built in 1882, and ceased wool production in 1962. It became part of the Nova Scotia Museum system in 1967, as an example of one of the last small mills of the 1800s. The mill is listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places (CRHP).
See also
List of museums in Nova Scotia
References
External links
Barrington Woolen Mill
Canada's Historic Places: The Barrington Woolen Mill
History museums in Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia Museum
Robert Cox may refer to:
Politicians
Robert O. Cox (1917–2013), American politician, mayor of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 1988–1991
Robert Cox (Canadian politician) (1850–1934), former merchant and politician in Prince Edward Island, Canada
Robert Cox (Scottish politician) (1845–1899), Scottish politician, Member of Parliament for Edinburgh South, 1895–1899
Robert Cox (Michigan politician), member of the Michigan House of Representatives
Bob Cox (politician), Canadian politician, 1977 Ontario general election
Bobby Cox (politician) (born 1980), American politician, member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
Sports
Bob Cox (ice hockey) (born 1941), Canadian professional ice hockey player
Bobby Cox (born 1941), American baseball manager and player
Bobby Cox (footballer) (1934–2010), Scottish footballer
Others
Robert E. Cox (1917–1989), American optician and telescope maker
Robert Edward Cox (1876–1937), American Medal of Honor recipient
Robert M. Cox (1845–1932), American Medal of Honor recipient
Robert W. Cox (1926–2018), Canadian international relations scholar
Robert Cox (actor) (died 1655), English actor
Robert Cox (anti-Sabbatarian) (1810–1872), Scottish lawyer, known as a writer on the Christian Sabbath, and phrenologist
Robert Cox (journalist) (born 1933), British journalist, editor of the Buenos Aires Herald
Robert H. Cox, American physiologist
Doc Cox (Robert Cox, born 1946), British musician and former television journalist
See also
Robert Cox Cup, trophy awarded annually by the United States Golf Association for the United States Women's Amateur Golf Championship
Robert Cox Clifton (1810–1861), English churchman, Canon of Manchester
Robert Cocks (disambiguation)
The 2022 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Philippine Cup Finals was a best-of-7 championship series of the 2022 PBA Philippine Cup, and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs. The San Miguel Beermen and the TNT Tropang Giga competed for the 44th Philippine Cup championship and the 131st overall championship contested by the league.
A rematch of the 2019 Commissioner's Cup Finals, where the 7-seeded Beermen upset the top-seeded TNT Tropang Giga (then known as TNT KaTropa), San Miguel defeated TNT in seven hard-fought games to win their 28th title in franchise history. Having previously defeated the Magnolia Hotshots last year, TNT entered the series as the defending Philippine Cup champions. June Mar Fajardo was named the Finals MVP for this series.
Background
Road to the finals
Head-to-head matchup
Series summary
Game summaries
Game 1
Jayson Castro hits a jumper with no time left to win the game 86–84. The shot was counted by officials and TNT took a 1–0 series lead.
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
Prior to the game, San Miguel's June Mar Fajardo was awarded his ninth Best Player of the Conference award, extending his record for most BPC awards in a career.
Game 5
Game 6
Game 7
After trailing 84–89 by the end of the 3rd quarter, San Miguel used a 35–8 run in the 4th quarter to clinch their 28th title overall, and 9th title under coach Leo Austria. San Miguel won their 6th Philippine Cup title in the past 8 years. They previously have won five straight Philippine Cup titles from 2015 to 2019.
Chot Reyes was out due to health and safety protocols.
Rosters
{| class="toccolours" style="font-size: 95%; width: 100%;"
|-
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #; color: #; text-align: center;" | San Miguel Beermen 2022 PBA Philippine Cup roster
|- style="background-color:#; color: #; text-align: center;"
! Players !! Coaches
|-
| valign="top" |
{| class="sortable" style="background:transparent; margin:0px; width:100%;"
! Pos. !! # !! POB !! Name !! Height !! Weight !! !! College
|-
{| class="toccolours" style="font-size: 95%; width: 100%;"
|-
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #; color: #; text-align: center;" | TNT Tropang Giga 2022 PBA Philippine Cup roster
|- style="background-color:#; color: #; text-align: center;"
! Players !! Coaches
|-
| valign="top" |
{| class="sortable" style="background:transparent; margin:0px; width:100%;"
! Pos. !! # !! POB !! Name !! Height !! Weight !! !! College
|-
Broadcast notes
The Philippine Cup Finals was aired on TV5 with simulcast on PBA Rush (both in standard and high definition).
The PBA Rush broadcast provided English-language coverage of the Finals.
Notes
References
External links
PBA official website
2022
2022–23 PBA season
August 2022 sports events in the Philippines
September 2022 sports events in the Philippines
TNT Tropang Giga games
San Miguel Beermen games
Jon Magnussen (born 12 August 1959) is a Norwegian Professor in health economics and Head of Department of Public Health and General Practice at Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim. Organization and financing of health care services and productivity and efficiency in the health care sector is some of his research topics.
Honors
Third Adam Smith award in mental health economics and policy research, 2007, for paper:
Kittelsen S A C, Halsteinli V, Magnussen J: Productivity growth in Norwegian psychiatric outpatient clinics for children and youths. A panel data analysis of the period 1996-2001. J. Mental Health Policy Econ, 2005 8:183-91
Publications
External links
Jon Magnussen, NTNU
Department of Public Health and General Practice
The Nord-Trøndelag health study (HUNT)
1959 births
Living people
Health economists
Norwegian economists
Oaklawn Plantation was a large plantation of 5326 acres (21½ km2) in northern Leon County in the U.S. state of Florida. It was established around 1850 by Captain William Lester (born December 24, 1790) of Burke County, Georgia.
Location
Oaklawn Plantation was located on two tracts of land. The first and northernmost tract would become what is now parts of Killearn Lakes Plantation and the private hunting preserve of Horseshoe Plantation and extending south to Bradfordville. The second and southernmost tract would become properties on Ox Bottom Rd and edge Thomasville Road.
Plantation statistics
The Leon County Florida 1860 Agricultural Census shows that Oaklawn Plantation had the following:
Improved Land: 1200 acres (5 km2)
Unimproved Land: 4440 acres (18 km2)
Cash value of plantation: $26,720
Cash value of farm implements/machinery: $600
Cash value of farm animals: $5,925
Number of slaves: 156
Bushels of corn: 5000
Bales of cotton: 300
Plantation home
The plantation home was known as The Lester-Lauder House. The house was an antebellum I-house with Carolina type porch and enclosed rear shed rooms.
The owner
In 1834, prior to coming to Florida, Lester became the head of vigilante committee called "The Regulators" during the funeral of a Mr. Roundtree. In May 1846, the Florida Superior Court the grand jury investigated the deaths of two Georgia citizens at the hands of The Regulators. Judge Scarborough instructed the grand jury not to indict The Regulators for murder, but to issue a warning that they would be indicted the next time. The grand jury called on the officers of The Regulators to dismiss the body that was no longer needed for the purpose it was organized.
William Lester was a signee to the Southern Rights Association of Centreville District on secession from the Union for the protection of Southern interests and the vindication of Southern rights to preserve and protect the Constitution in its purity as the basis of Federal compact, and the only foundation on which the Union of the States was made, or on which that Union should be preserved.
By 1870, he owned 5,000 acres (20 km2) of land in Texas, Georgia, and Florida.
Lester Cemetery had an ornamental iron fence. An obelisk marked the location of Captain Lester and his wife Rhoda. A total of 11 interments with brick vaults were at this cemetery before its removal. Pieces of pearlware sherd were found around the graveyard.
In 1997, the Lester-Lauder house was razed to the ground to make way for a commercial interest called Bannerman Crossing.
References
Plantations in Leon County, Florida
Cotton plantations in Florida
Miodrag Đurđević (born 2 June 1961 in Doboj) is a Yugoslav/Bosnian-Herzegovinian retired football player.
Club career
On the club level, Đurđević advanced to Borac Banja Luka's first team in 1978. He played with the club for seven seasons before he moved on to Čelik Zenica in 1985. He stayed with them until the winter break of the 1988–1989. Đurđević then moved on to Dinamo Zagreb.
One year later Đurđević joined FC Basel's first team during the winter break of their 1989–90 season, in the second tier of Swiss football, under head-coach Ernst-August Künnecke. After playing in eight test games Đurđević played his domestic league debut for the club in the home game in the St. Jakob Stadium on 25 February 1990 as Basel won 1–0 against Chur. He scored his first goal for his club in the home game on 28 April and, with his equaliser to the 1–1 draw in the last minute of the game, Đurđević saved the team from a defeat against Yverdon-Sports.
During his one and a half seasons with the club, Đurđević played a total of 54 games for Basel scoring just that one aforementioned goal. 33 Of these games were in the Nationalliga B, two in the Swiss Cup and 19 were friendly games.
Following his time with Basel Đurđević ended his professional football career and moved on to play for local club SG Lörrach-Stetten.
References
Sources
Die ersten 125 Jahre. Publisher: Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag, Basel.
Verein "Basler Fussballarchiv" Homepage
External links
Player statistics for Miodrag Djurdjevic
Oberliga Baden-Württemberg 1992/93 Amateur Season
FCB Forum
1961 births
Living people
People from Doboj
Association football defenders
Yugoslav footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
FK Borac Banja Luka players
NK Čelik Zenica players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
FC Basel players
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav Second League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Arturo Liebstein, sometimes listed as Isaac Liebstein, was a Uruguayan chess master.
He won thrice in the Uruguayan Chess Championship in 1940, 1942, and 1943.
He tied for 9–11th at Montevideo 1941, took 13th in the Mar del Plata chess tournament in 1943 (Miguel Najdorf won), took 15th at Mar del Plata 1944 (Herman Pilnik and Najdorf won), and tied for 14–16th at Mar del Plata/Buenos Aires 1951 (zonal, the South American Chess Championship, Eliskases and Julio Bolbochán won).
References
External links
Chessgames.com :: Arturo Liebstein
Chessmetrics Player Profile :: Arturo Liebstein
Uruguayan chess players
Uruguayan Jews
Jewish chess players
Year of birth missing
Possibly living people
The de Havilland DH.87 Hornet Moth is a single-engined cabin biplane designed by the de Havilland Aircraft Company in 1934 as a potential replacement for its highly successful de Havilland Tiger Moth trainer. Although its side-by-side two-seat cabin made it closer in configuration to the modern aircraft that military trainee pilots would later fly, there was no interest from the RAF and the aircraft was put into production for private buyers.
Design and development
The prototype first flew at Hatfield on 9 May 1934 and, with two other pre-production aircraft, embarked on an extensive test program that resulted in the first production aircraft (designated DH.87A) completed in August 1935 having wings of greater outboard taper. These were found to cause problems, especially when landing in three-point attitude: there was a tendency for the tips to stall, causing embarrassment to the pilot and often damage to the aeroplane. From early 1936, de Havilland offered owners of the DH.87A replacement wings of the new squarer shape at a reduced price in exchange for the original wings. Designated DH.87B, new aircraft from about manufacture Number 68 were built with the new square wings. This wing reduced the overall span by . The alterations slightly increased overall weight at some penalty to performance.
Production was 164 aircraft, of which 84 were placed on the British Register. Many were impressed for military service during World War II, mostly being used by the RAF as liaison aircraft.
Small numbers survived the war and with time became highly prized by vintage aircraft enthusiasts. A small number is still flying, over seventy years after production ceased.
Variants
DH.87 Hornet Moth : prototypes
DH.87A Hornet Moth : production model
DH.87B Hornet Moth : production model with wing modification
Operators
Civil charter operators and pilots 1935–2009
- TC-101
Military operators
Portuguese Air Force
South African Air Force
Royal Air Force (1940–1945)
No. 24 Squadron RAF
No. 49 Squadron RAF
No. 116 Squadron RAF
No. 510 Squadron RAF
No. 526 Squadron RAF
No. 527 Squadron RAF
No. 528 Squadron RAF
No. 529 Squadron RAF
Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm
One aircraft impressed and four from Canada
Specifications (DH.87B)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Jackson, A.J. De Havilland Aircraft since 1909. London: Putnam, Third edition, 1987. .
Follett, K. "Hornet flight", (translated in Italian "Il volo del calabrone", Mondadori Editore S.p.A., Milano, 2003 ) It's a fictitious novel, first printed in 2002, in which a hornet moth plays a key role in the story.
External links
The de Havilland Moth Club
1930s British civil utility aircraft
1930s British military utility aircraft
Hornet Moth
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1934
Ruatoria () is a town in the Waiapu Valley of the Gisborne Region in the northeastern corner of New Zealand's North Island. The town was originally known as Cross Roads then Manutahi and was later named Ruatorea in 1913, after the Māori Master female grower Tōrea who had some of the finest storage pits in her Iwi at the time (Te-Rua-a-Tōrea ). In 1925 the name was altered to "Ruatoria", although some texts retain the original spelling.
Ruatoria's Whakarua Park is the home of the East Coast Rugby Football Union.
Demographics
The population of Ruatoria was 759 in the 2018 census, an increase of 39 from 2013. There were 396 males and 360 females. 20.2% of people identified as European/Pākehā and 95.3% as Māori. 32.0% were under 15 years old, 21.3% were 15–29, 37.6% were 30–64, and 9.1% were 65 or older.
The statistical area of Ruatoria-Raukumara, which at 693 square kilometres is much larger than this town, had a population of 1,233 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 30 people (2.5%) since the 2013 census, and a decrease of 54 people (-4.2%) since the 2006 census. There were 405 households. There were 666 males and 567 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.17 males per female. The median age was 32.8 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 336 people (27.3%) aged under 15 years, 243 (19.7%) aged 15 to 29, 498 (40.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 156 (12.7%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 22.4% European/Pākehā, 94.2% Māori, 2.9% Pacific peoples, 1.2% Asian, and 0.7% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities). 45.7% of the population speak Māori.
The proportion of people born overseas was 2.4%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 36.3% had no religion, 38.9% were Christian and 7.8% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 93 (10.4%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 228 (25.4%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $19,400, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 315 (35.1%) people were employed full-time, 132 (14.7%) were part-time, and 78 (8.7%) were unemployed.
Geography
As the crow flies, Ruatoria is approximately north-northeast of Gisborne, and southwest of the East Cape Lighthouse. By road it is from Gisborne, off State Highway 35. It is at the bottom of the Waiapu Valley on the banks of the Waiapu River just downstream of where the river is formed by the joining of the Mata and Tapuaeroa Rivers.
Climate
Precipitation is prodigiously high — the annual average precipitation total approaches . Precipitation is heavy all year-round, yet is particularly prodigious in the austral winter months from May to September. On 7 February 1973, Ruatoria had the highest ever air temperature recorded in the North Island (), the same day the nation's highest temperature was recorded in the South Island town of Rangiora ().
Industry
The principal industries in the district are related to agriculture and forestry. Attempts to sink oil wells in the area in the 1920s proved unprofitable.
History
The original shop, bunk house and cook house in the township of Tuparoa were destroyed by fire on two occasions between 1907 and 1913. Commerce was moved inland 5 miles to the area known as The Crossroads, northeast of the present town sitting on the area of the first river plain where it drops to the present river plain where the roads went north–south and to the east. (There was a race course on land alongside the Waiapu River below The Crossroads but that was abandoned by the end of the second world war). The Crossroads too was destroyed by fire during the first world war and in 1920 the first general store and accommodation was erected by William Hayes Owen Johnston (1890-1960) on what is now Tuparoa Road. (The shop has been dismantled after his death in 1960) He is buried with his third wife in the cemetery at Mahora on the Tuparoa road just before the junction with the side road to Reparoa. (His first and second wives were of the Gerrard family of Tuparoa and are buried in the cemetery at the top of the hill on the northern side of the creek which separated the old Tuparoa settlement).
From about 1925 onwards, Ruatoria began to replace Tuparoa as the main urban centre of the East Coast district of New Zealand. The transition to Ruatoria from Tuparoa was brought about by the increased reliability of State Highway 35, which at that time ran via the main street of Ruatoria. Tuparoa was disadvantaged by unreliable road access and a lack of all weather harbour.
The Rotokautuku Bridge, connecting Ruatoria to the northern side of Waiapu River, was built in 1964. This 1964 bridge replaced the old bridge which had been built in the 1930s. The old piles were used for the new bridge, although they had to be lowered by a metre to accommodate the new bridge.
In the 1980s, Ruatoria was briefly notorious for an outbreak of arson attacks in the town, during a period of severe economic downturn.
Significance to Māori
The Ngāti Porou proverb of identity relates to the area — Ko Hikurangi te maunga, ko Waiapu te awa, ko Ngāti Porou te iwi (Hikurangi is the mountain, Waiapu is the river, Ngāti Porou is the tribe). Ruatoria is within the iwi's rohe, and Te Runanganui o Ngāti Porou has offices located in the town.
The Waiapu River is of immense cultural, spiritual, economic, and traditional value to local Māori. According to traditional beliefs, a number of taniwha dwell in and protect the river, in turn protecting the valley and its hapū. Taniwha believed to be in Waiapu River include Kotuwainuku, Kotuwairangi, Ohinewaiapu, and Ngungurutehorowhatu.
According to an affidavit of Hapukuniha Te Huakore Karaka, two taniwha were placed in strategic locations in the river to protect the hapū from invading tribes — one near Paoaruku (a locality at ), and one at the Wairoa River (a small creek at ). Karaka said that a bridge was built from Tikitiki to Waiomatatini, to the protest of local Māori who were concerned that it would disturb the taniwha. The night before the bridge was completed, a storm came washing the bridge away — the weather till then had been calm. From then, one person would drown in the river nearly every year. If it did not happen one year, two would drown the next. A local tohunga, George Gage (Hori Te Kou-o-rehua Keeti) was approached to help the situation, and after that there were no similar drownings.
Marae
Ruatoria has several maraes belonging to Ngāti Porou hapū:
Hiruharama Marae and Kapohanga a Rangi meeting house, a meeting place of Te Aitanga a Mate and Te Aowera.
Te Aowera Marae and Te Poho o Te Aowera meeting house, a meeting place of Te Aowera.
Te Horo Marae and Rākaitemania meeting house, a meeting place of Ngāti Horowai, Te Whānau a Mahaki and Te Whānau a Uruhonea.
Kakariki Marae and Rakaihoea meeting house, a meeting place of Te Whānau a Rākaihoea.
Kariaka Marae and Ngāti Porou meeting house, a meeting place of Ngāi Tangihaere and Te Whānau a Hinekehu.
Mangahanea Marae and Hinetapora meeting house, a meeting place of Ngāti Uepōhatu and Te Whānau a Hinetapora.
Mangarua or Te Heapera Marae and Te Poho o Mangarua meeting house, a meeting place of Te Whānau a Hinetapora.
Porourangi or Waiomatatini Marae and Porourangi meeting house, a meeting place of Te Whānau a Karuai.
Reporua Marae and Tū Auau meeting house, a meeting place of Ngāti Rangi.
Ruataupare Marae and meeting house, a meeting place of Ngāi Tangihaere.
Rauru or Taumata o Mihi Marae and Rauru Nui a Toi meeting house, a meeting place of Te Whānau a Hinekehu.
Uepohatu Marae and meeting house, a meeting place of Ngāti Uepōhatu.
Umuariki Marae and meeting house, a meeting place of Ngāti Uepōhatu and Te Whānau a Umuariki.
In October 2020, the Government committed $5,756,639 from the Provincial Growth Fund to upgrade 29 Ngāti Porou marae, including Te Aowera Marae, Te Horo, Kariaka, Rauru, Umariki, Mangahanea, Mangarua, Reporua and Ruataupare Marae. It also committed $273,890 to upgrade Uepohatu Marae and $232,227 to upgrade Hiruharama Marae.
Education
Ngata Memorial College is a Year 1–13 co-educational public school with a roll of students as of The college opened in 1959.
Te Kura Kaupapa Māori o Te Waiu O Ngati Porou is a Year 1–13 co-educational public school with a roll of students as of
Notable residents
The area was home to politician Sir Āpirana Ngata, and Te Moananui-a-Kiwa Ngārimu — the second of three Māori to receive a Victoria Cross.
See also
Waiapu Valley
Waiapu River
Gisborne Region
References
External links
Photos of Ruatoria on Panoramio
Populated places in the Gisborne District
The Madison Carnegie Library or Madison Public Library, located at 401 Sixth Avenue, Madison, in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a public library building built in 1905 of brick with limestone trim. Its characteristic features include a columned and pedimented main entrance and a small polygonal dome on its flat roof. The structure was built with an $8,000 grant from Andrew Carnegie. This was one of over 3,000 libraries in 47 states funded by Carnegie. Local residents gave an additional $1,000 in gifts and books at its dedication on January 22, 1906. Gerhard Herriges, a contractor for public buildings in Western Minnesota, built the building for $6,216.85.
References
Buildings and structures in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
Carnegie libraries in Minnesota
Education in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Library buildings completed in 1905
Public libraries in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
1905 establishments in Minnesota
The state anthem of the Republic of Bashkortostan is the regional anthem of the Russian federal subject of Bashkortostan, adopted on 12 October 1993 and officially on 18 September 2008. It is annexed to the article 112 Constitution of the Republic of Bashkortostan as one of the national symbols of Bashkortostan.
The anthem has official lyrics in two of the republic's official languages: Bashkir and Russian. The Bashkir lyrics were written by authors Ravil Bikbayev and Rashit Shakurov, and the Russian lyrics by Farit Idrisov and Svetlana Churayeva. The melody was composed by Farit Idrisov.
History
The anthem was first approved by the Law of the Republic of Bashkortostan "On the State Anthem of the Republic of Bashkortostan" on 12 October 1993. The music "Republic" was originally composed by Farit Idrisov on 11 October 1990 and was later used for the anthem. The music is also used for the Bashkir folk song "Ural"
On 6 July 1999, the Law "On State Symbols of the Republic of Bashkortostan" was approved, along with the order of execution and use of the national anthem.
The anthem is performed during opening and closing ceremonies and in meetings dedicated to state holidays. It is performed while taking the oath upon taking office as Head of Bashkortostan, during the opening and closing meetings of the State Assembly — Qurultay of the Republic of Bashkortostan, during the official lifting ceremony of the national flag, and during visits to the republic by foreign heads of state.
Lyrics
There are both separate Bashkir and Russian vocal renditions. It is played in orchestral choir renditions, videotapes, television, and radio broadcasts. An unofficial singable English verse translation, which is not a literal translation of the original Bashkir and Russian versions, is also included.
Bashkir version
Russian version
Unofficial English version
Notes
References
External links
Bashkir version
Russian version
A page with Bashkortostan's National Symbols (archive link)
Bashkortostan
Regional songs
Music of Bashkortostan
National anthem compositions in E major
The COVID-19 pandemic in Anguilla is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached the British Overseas Territory of Anguilla on 26 March 2020. On 26 April 2020, all patients had recovered and on 22 November a new imported case was announced.
Background
On 12 January 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a novel coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness in a cluster of people in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China, which was reported to the WHO on 31 December 2019.
The case fatality ratio for COVID-19 has been lower than SARS of 2003, but the transmission has been greater, with a greater total deaths. From 19 March, Public Health England no longer classified COVID-19 as a "high consequence infectious disease".
Anguilla is in a difficult position. The island has a population of 14,731 people. The Princess Alexandra Hospital currently has no ICU capacity. An extension of the hospital had been planned, however the Anguilla Health Care Foundation is still raising funds for the project. Testing for COVID-19 is either performed by CARPHA, by the laboratory on Sint Maarten. On May 22, COVID-19 testing capacity was established on island at the Princess Alexandra Hospital Laboratory.
Timeline
March
As of 24 March, The Anguillian Newspaper is no longer available in printed edition. The newspaper gets printed on Sint Maarten, but with the closure of the border, it is no longer possible. There is still a freight service, but the delivery is uncertain.
On 26 March, the first two cases in Anguilla were confirmed. One case is a 27-year old American woman and the other is 47-year old resident of Anguilla with whom she has been in contact.
April
On 2 April, a 78-year-old man who had recently been in an overseas territory of the United States has tested positive. He had mild symptoms. His contacts have been quarantined.
On 3 April, an economic support package was announced by Premier Banks.
On 8 April, the Anguilla Youth Sports Foundation donated gloves, masks and hand sanitisers to the Princess Alexandra Hospital.
On 10 April, a price and goods regulation was announced.
On 26 April, all three had recovered. The confirmation of a sudden death on 23 April was also received. The laboratory in Sint Maarten declared the sample negative on 23 April, and the CARPHA confirmed the diagnosis on 25 April. At the present time there are no suspected cases and no evidence of transmission of the COVID-19 virus within Anguilla.
November
On 22 November a new imported case was announced, in a recently arrived person from the US, who remained asymptomatic and isolated in an approved location.
December
As on 22 December, there was 1 active COVID-19 case on Anguilla. Thus far, there have been a total of 11 confirmed COVID-19 cases in Anguilla, with 7 recoveries recorded.
As on 28 December, there had been 13 confirmed cases in Anguilla, with 1 active case and 12 have recovered from the virus.
April 2021
On 21 April 2021, 3 locals cases are reported after a resident of Anguilla shown symptoms. A cluster in Anguilla was confirmed on 23 April with the confirmation of 28 positive cases related to the cases of 21 April. On 26 April, 52 cases linked to the cluster are reported.
Prevention
As of 18 March, Anguilla closed its airport and seaport for two weeks, and also shut all schools in the territory.
On 27 March, Anguilla ordered shelter in place, prohibited public gatherings over 12 people. Restaurants were only allowed to be taken away only, and closures of liquor stores.
From 29 April onward, churches, places of worship, all retail stores, hair salons and barber shops, accommodation suppliers, gyms and spas, recreational facilities, official lotteries, restaurants and bars can re-open, as long as social distancing is observed.
From 30 April onward, the following restrictions are in effect: No gatherings over 25 people, no sports events. Social distancing must be maintained and every establishment may only permit 1 person per 30 square feet and place markers where people should queue up.
From 11 May onward, grade 5 and 6 will reopen for half a day. The other grades will continue with e-learning.
From 1 June onward, internal restrictions on public gatherings and the movement of people were removed based on the epidemiological situation. Though strict controls remained on the entry of residents into the island
From 1 November onward, Anguilla re-opened both its airport and seaports to all passengers subject to receiving pre-approval entry authorization and following all entry protocols
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in Sint Maarten
COVID-19 pandemic in French Saint Martin
Caribbean Public Health Agency
References
2020 in Anguilla
2021 in Anguilla
Anguilla
Anguilla
Percussion and Bass is an album recorded by drummer Jo Jones and bassist Milt Hinton in 1960 and released by the Everest label.
Reception
AllMusic reviewer Ken Dryden stated "this historical curiosity, originally recorded for Everest, featues (sic) just the two of them exploring the rhythmic possibilities within a dozen numbers. Jones' brushwork is matchless as usual, while Hinton's considerable technique is also apparent. ... While the playing time is brief at just 34 minutes, it's great to hear two masters at work".
Track listing
All compositions by Jo Jones except where noted
"Tam" – 2:00
"Me and You" (Milt Hinton) – 2:25
"Coffee Dan" (Hinton) – 2:54
"The Love Nest" (Louis Hirsch, Otto Harbach) – 4:34
"H.O.T. (Helen of Troy)" – 2:30
"Shoes on the Ruffs" – 3:40
"The Walls Fall" (Jones, Hinton) – 2:35
"Blue Skies" (Irving Berlin) – 2:35
"Late in the Evenin'" (Hinton, Everett Barksdale) – 2:21
"Ocho Puertas" – 2:55
"Tin Top Alley Blues" (Jones, Hinton) – 3:01
"Little Honey" – 2:34
Personnel
Jo Jones – drums, percussion
Milt Hinton – bass
References
1960 albums
Jo Jones albums
Milt Hinton albums
Everest Records albums
Marika Vicziany is a professor of Asian Political Economy at Political and Social Inquiry (PSI), Monash University. She is a Former Director of the Monash Asia Institute at Monash University, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. A PhD from SOAS, University of London, she is an expert in South Asian studies. Her current research interests include regional and human security, rise of India and China and the cultural and religious issues particularly related to Hinduism and Islam.
She has published extensively on India, South Asia and China. She is currently the President of South Asian Studies Association of Australia (SASA). She has worked and published significantly on the city of Bombay, now known as Mumbai. Her works on Mumbai include communal violence, terrorism, social exclusion and the life and livelihood of women. She has also worked on the Koli Tribe that have been marginalised in the city. Her research on Mumbai demonstrates critical intersection of political economy, religion, secularism and identity that exists in the financial and dream capital of India.
References
1. South Asian Studies Association of Australia (SASA)<http://sasaa.org.au>
2. Mobile Phones Offer Indian Women a Better Life, New York Times, May 22, 2012, <https://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/23/world/asia/23iht-letter23.html?_r=1>
3. Mobile Phone Access and Usage Among Female Micro-Entrepreneurs in Bombay City Today, ASAA Conference, Melbourne, 2008 <https://web.archive.org/web/20120526152127/http://arts.monash.edu.au/mai/asaa/aneelababaretal.pdf>
3. Terrorism in Bombay and India's Historical Amnesia: Comparing 1993 and 2008, Australia India Institute <http://www.aii.unimelb.edu.au/tiffintalks/bombay-bombings-comparing-1993-2008-prof-marika-vicziany>
4. Terrorism in Bombay City, Centre for Dialogue, La Trobe University,
<http://www.latrobe.edu.au/dialogue/assets/downloads/vicziany-seminar.pdf>
5. Regional Security In The Asia Pacific: 9/11 and After, Edward Elgar, 2004
<http://www.e-elgar.co.uk/bookentry_main.lasso?currency=UK&id=3128>
External links
Monash Asia Institute
Marika Vicziany faculty profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of the University of London
Monash University faculty
Alice Moore may refer to:
Alice Moore Hubbard (1861–1915), American activist
Dame Alice Moore (1474–c. 1546), wife of Sir Thomas More
Alice Moore (actress), actress who starred in films such as Woman Against the World
See also
Deir El Ghazal (), is a village located in the Zahlé District of the Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon.
History
In 1838, Eli Smith noted Deir el-Ghuzal as a Maronite village in the Baalbek area.
References
Bibliography
External links
Deir El Ghazal, localiban
Populated places in Zahlé District
Populated places in Lebanon
is a Japanese Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He currently competes in the Asia Road Race Supersport 600 Championship aboard a Honda CBR600RR. In 2016, he currently competes in the FIM CEV Moto2 European Championship aboard a Kalex Moto2.
Yamada has also previously competed in his native Japan, in the Motegi GP125 Championship, the Tsukuba GP125 Championship, the Japan Road Race GP125 Championship and the Japan Road Race J-GP3 Championship, where he was champion in 2013 and 2014. In 2015, Yamada moved to Europe and competed in the FIM CEV Moto3 Junior World Championship.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1994 births
Living people
Japanese motorcycle racers
Moto3 World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Tochigi Prefecture
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
Aşağıcambaz is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Waterford Charter Roll is a historic legal document. It was created by the Anglo-Norman people of Waterford in the 14th Century and its story shows us the power of English kings in Ireland through the medieval period to the 19th Century. It is 4m long and there are 17 individual drawings on the Roll.
It is dated to 1372/3 and is housed in the Waterford Museum of Treasures. It contains the earliest depiction of an Irish city from a time when Waterford wanted to maintain its status as the prominent trade city on the island of Ireland, particularly over neighbour New Ross.
Waterford was designated a Royal port by Henry II and therefore could levy tolls. In a bid to gain favour with Edward III over New Ross, the Roll was drawn up in a pictorial and colourful style showing that the city had had relationships with kings going back centuries, kings that were ancestors of Edward. The king was persuaded by the Roll and reinstated Waterford's monopoly as a Royal port.
The Roll is of historic significance as it contains the earliest contemporary portrait of a medieval English monarch, the earliest portrait of a judge (John Morice) in either Britain or Ireland, the earliest image of the medieval mayors of Dublin, Waterford, Cork and Limerick, and the earliest view of an Irish city.
In the mid-19th Century, George Victor Du Noyer made a re-creation of the Waterford Charter Roll.
In 2010, a reproduction was made, discovering features that were not previously apparent.
During her visit to Ireland in 2011 Queen Elizabeth II viewed the Roll.
References
History of Waterford (city)
Medieval documents
Chanda Dancy (born Chanda Yvette Dancy; November 14, 1978) is an American film composer, violinist, keyboardist, and singer.
Founder and President of CYD Music, Chanda is an artist, and composer for film and other multimedia. She is also member of the rock band, Modern Time Machines. A fellow of the 2009 Sundance Film Composers Lab, a winner of the 2002 BMI Pete Carpenter Fellowship for Aspiring Film Composers and the 2004 APM/YMF Music Business Award where she was honored alongside great film composer, John Williams, Chanda has had the opportunity to score several films including the official Sundance Film Festival selection MVP, the critically acclaimed documentary and official selection of the Vienna International Film Festival, What Are We Waiting For?, and the award winning feature Chandler Hall. Music by Chanda has been heard all over the world in such festivals as Cannes Film Festival, Jackson Hole Film Festival, Sapporo Short Film Festival, Slamdance, Sundance and Pangea Day 2008. In addition to her film scores, Chanda has composed the music for the acclaimed role playing games Arabian Lords and Tariq's Treasures by BreakAway Games, as well as the sound implementation for the PC role playing game Never Winter Nights 2 by Obsidian Entertainment and Atari.
References
External links
1978 births
20th-century African-American women singers
21st-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American women
21st-century American composers
21st-century American women musicians
21st-century classical composers
21st-century classical violinists
21st-century women composers
African-American classical composers
African-American classical musicians
African-American film score composers
African-American women classical composers
American classical composers
American classical musicians
American classical violinists
American film score composers
American keyboardists
American women classical composers
American women film score composers
Classical musicians from California
Classical musicians from Ohio
Houston Christian University alumni
Living people
Musicians from Cleveland
Musicians from Los Angeles
Thornton School of Music alumni
Women in classical music
The Sar Pass is in Parvati Valley of Kullu district of Himachal Pradesh, a state of India.
Sar, in the local dialect, means a lake. While trekking across the path from Tila Lotni to Biskeri Ridge, one has to pass by a small, usually frozen lake (Sar) and hence the name Sar Pass Trek.
How To Reach
Air
The nearest airport Bhuntar Airport (IATA code KUU) is at Bhuntar town, situated on NH21 about south of Rumsu and south of Kullu town. The airport is also known as Kullu-Manali airport and has more than a kilometre long runway. Air India and some private airlines have regular flights to the airport. Recently Himalayan Bulls in collaboration with Deccan Charters have started flights on Kullu-Chandigarh-Kullu sector three times a day. Daily flight service (except Tuesday) has been started by 15 May 2013 at Bhunter airport by Air India from Delhi to Bhuntar and vice versa.
Chandigarh Airport is the nearest international airport.
Road
Kasol is 30 km from Bhunter, and Bhunter can be reached from Delhi by national highway NH 1 up to Ambala and from there NH 22 to Chandigarh and from there by national highway NH21 that passes through Bilaspur, Sundernagar, Mandi and Kullu towns. The road distance from Chandigarh to Manali is , and the total distance from Delhi to Manali is . Buses (including Volvo and Mercedes-Benz) on this route are available from all major bus terminals.
Rail
Kasol is not easily approachable by rail. The nearest broad gauge railheads are at Chandigarh (), Pathankot () and Kalka (). The nearest narrow gauge railhead is at Joginder Nagar ().
See Bilaspur–Leh line for the proposed railway line through this area.
Gallery
View from Nagaru Camp (12,500ft)
External links
Base Camp at Kasol To Grahan Trek
Birds of Sar Pass Trek & Saurkundi Pass Trek
Butterflies of Sar Pass Trek & Saurkundi Pass Trek
Landscapes of Sar Pass Trek
See also
Saurkundi Pass Trek
References
Kullu
Hiking trails in Himachal Pradesh
Irving Kristol (; January 22, 1920 – September 18, 2009) was an American journalist who was dubbed the "godfather of neoconservatism". As a founder, editor, and contributor to various magazines, he played an influential role in the intellectual and political culture of the latter half of the twentieth century. After his death, he was described by The Daily Telegraph as being "perhaps the most consequential public intellectual of the latter half of the [twentieth] century".
Early life and education
Kristol was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of non-observant Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe, Bessie (Mailman) and Joseph Kristol.
He graduated from Boys High School in Brooklyn, New York in 1936 and received his B.A. from the City College of New York in 1940, where he majored in history. In college he a member of the Young People's Socialist League and was part of a small but vocal group of Trotskyist anti-Soviets who later became known as the New York Intellectuals. It was at these meetings that Kristol met historian Gertrude Himmelfarb, whom he married in 1942. They had two children, Elizabeth Nelson and Bill Kristol.
Military service
During World War II, he served in Europe in the 12th Armored Division as a combat infantryman.
Career
Kristol was affiliated with the Congress for Cultural Freedom. He wrote in Commentary magazine from 1947 to 1952 under the editor Elliot E. Cohen (not to be confused with Eliot A. Cohen, the writer of today's magazine). With Stephen Spender, he was co-founder of and contributor to the British-based Encounter from 1953 to 1958; editor of The Reporter from 1959 to 1960. He also was the executive vice-president of the publishing house, Basic Books, from 1961 to 1969, the Henry Luce Professor of Urban Values at New York University from 1969 to 1987, and co-founder and co-editor (first with Daniel Bell and then Nathan Glazer) of The Public Interest from 1965 to 2002. He was the founder and publisher of The National Interest from 1985 to 2002. Following Ramparts publication of information showing Central Intelligence Agency funding of the Congress for Cultural Freedom, which was widely reported elsewhere, Kristol left in the late 1960s and became affiliated with the American Enterprise Institute.
Kristol was a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a fellow emeritus at the American Enterprise Institute (having been an associate fellow from 1972, a senior fellow from 1977 and the John M. Olin Distinguished Fellow from 1988 to 1999). As a member of the board of contributors of The Wall Street Journal, he contributed a monthly column from 1972 to 1997. He served on the Council of the National Endowment for the Humanities from 1972 to 1977.
In 1978, Kristol and William E. Simon founded The Institute For Education Affairs, which as a result of a merger with the Madison Center became the Madison Center for Educational Affairs in 1990.
Death
Kristol died from complications of lung cancer, aged 89, on September 18, 2009, at the Capital Hospice in Falls Church, Virginia.
Selected awards and honors
In July 2002, he received from President George W. Bush the Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor.
Ideas
During the late 1960s up until the 1970s, neoconservatives were worried about the Cold War and that its liberalism was turning into radicalism, thus many neoconservatives including Irving Kristol, Norman Podhoretz and Daniel Patrick Moynihan wanted Democrats to continue on a strong anti-communist foreign policy. This foreign policy was to use Soviet human rights violations to attack the Soviet Union. This later led to Nixon's policies called détente.
In 1973, Michael Harrington coined the term, "neo-conservatism", to describe those liberal intellectuals and political philosophers who were disaffected with the political and cultural attitudes dominating the Democratic Party and were moving toward a new form of conservatism. Intended by Harrington as a pejorative term, it was accepted by Kristol as an apt description of the ideas and policies exemplified by The Public Interest. Unlike liberals, for example, neo-conservatives rejected most of the Great Society programs sponsored by Lyndon B. Johnson and, unlike traditional conservatives, they supported the more limited welfare state instituted by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
In February 1979, Kristol was featured on the cover of Esquire. The caption identified him as "the godfather of the most powerful new political force in America – Neo-conservatism". That year also saw the publication of the book, The Neo-conservatives: The Men Who Are Changing America's Politics. Like Harrington, the author, Peter Steinfels, was critical of neo-conservatism, but he was impressed by its growing political and intellectual influence. Kristol's response appeared under the title "Confessions of a True, Self-Confessed – Perhaps the Only – 'Neo-conservative'".
Neo-conservatism, Kristol maintained, is not an ideology but a "persuasion", a way of thinking about politics rather than a compendium of principles and axioms. It is classical, rather than romantic, in temperament and practical and anti-utopian in policy. One of Kristol's most celebrated quips defines a neo-conservative as "a liberal who has been mugged by reality". These concepts lie at the core of neo-conservative philosophy to this day.
While propounding the virtues of supply-side economics as the basis for the economic growth that is "a sine qua non for the survival of a modern democracy", he also insists that any economic philosophy has to be enlarged by "political philosophy, moral philosophy, and even religious thought", which were as much the sine qua non for a modern democracy.
One of his early books, Two Cheers for Capitalism, asserts that capitalism, or more precisely, bourgeois capitalism, is worthy of two cheers. One cheer because "it works, in a quite simple, material sense" by improving the conditions of people; and a second cheer because it is "congenial to a large measure of personal liberty". He argues these are no small achievements and only capitalism has proved capable of providing them. However, it also imposes a great "psychic burden" upon the individual and the social order. Because it does not meet the individual's "'existential' human needs", it creates a "spiritual malaise" that threatens the legitimacy of that social order. As much as anything else, it is the withholding of that potential third cheer that is the distinctive mark of neo-conservatism as Kristol understood it.
Articles
“Other People's Nerve” (as William Ferry), Enquiry, May 1943.
“James Burnham's 'The Machiavellians'" (as William Ferry), Enquiry, July 1943. (A review of The Machiavellians: Defenders of Freedom by James Burnham.)
“Koestler: A Note on Confusion,” Politics, May 1944.
“The Indefatigable Fabian,” New York Times Book Review, August 24, 1952. (A review of Beatrice Webb's Diaries: 1912–1924, edited by Margaret I. Cole.)
"Men and Ideas: Niccolo Machiavelli," Encounter, December 1954.
"American Intellectuals and Foreign Policy," Foreign Affairs, July 1967 (repr. in On the Democratic Idea in America).
"Memoirs of a Cold Warrior," New York Times Magazine, February 11, 1968 (repr. in Reflections of a Neo-conservative).
"When Virtue Loses All Her Loveliness," The Public Interest, Fall 1970 (repr. in On the Democratic Idea in America and Two Cheers for Capitalism).
"Pornography, Obscenity, and Censorship," New York Times Magazine, March 28, 1971 (repr. in On the Democratic Idea in America and Reflections of a Neo-conservative).
"Utopianism, Ancient and Modern," Imprimus, April 1973 (repr. in Two Cheers for Capitalism).
"Adam Smith and the Spirit of Capitalism," The Great Ideas Today, ed. Robert Hutchins and Mortimer Adler, 1976 (repr. in Reflections of a Neo-conservative).
"Memoirs of a Trotskyist," New York Times Magazine, January 23, 1977 (repr. in Reflections of a Neo-conservative).
"The Adversary Culture of Intellectuals," Encounter, October 1979 (repr. in Reflections of a Neo-conservative).
"The Hidden Cost of Regulation", The Wall Street Journal.
BooksAuthored On the Democratic Idea in America. New York: Harper, 1972.
Two Cheers for Capitalism. 1978.
Reflections of a Neo-conservative: Looking Back, Looking Ahead. 1983.
Neo-conservatism: The Autobiography of an Idea. 1995.
The Neo-conservative Persuasion: Selected Essays, 1942–2009. New York: Basic Books, 2011.
On Jews and Judaism. Barnes & Noble, 2014.Edited The Crisis in Economic Theory. Edited with Daniel Bell. New York: Basic Books, 1981.Contributed'''
”Rationalism in Economics” (Chapter 12). The Crisis in Economic Theory''. Edited with Daniel Bell. New York: Basic Books, 1981. p. 201.
See also
Gertrude Himmelfarb
William Kristol
Norman Podhoretz
References
External links
Website and bibliography of Irving Kristol's writings
American Conservatism 1945–1995, by Irving Kristol
On The Political Stupidity of the Jews, by Irving Kristol
The Neoconservative Persuasion, by Irving Kristol
Irving Kristol – Daily Telegraph obituary
Irving Kristol Papers finding aid – Wisconsin Historical Society
Arguing the World, 1998 PBS documentary film featuring Nathan Glazer, Daniel Bell, Irving Howe, and Kristol
American columnists
American newspaper publishers (people)
American political commentators
American political writers
Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients
Neoconservatism
Former Marxists
American Trotskyists
American Enterprise Institute
National Association of Scholars
City College of New York alumni
New York University faculty
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of World War II
American male journalists
Jewish American journalists
Jewish American writers
Jewish philosophers
1920 births
2009 deaths
People from Brooklyn
Deaths from cancer in Virginia
Deaths from lung cancer
20th-century American writers
American magazine founders
Sidney Bechet (May 14, 1897 – May 14, 1959) was an American jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, and composer. He was one of the first important soloists in jazz, and first recorded several months before trumpeter Louis Armstrong. His erratic temperament hampered his career, and not until the late 1940s did he earn wide acclaim. Bechet spent much of his later life in France.
Biography
Early life
Bechet was born in New Orleans in 1897 to a middle-class Creole of color family. Bechet's father Omar was both a shoemaker and a flute player, and all four of his brothers were musicians as well.
His older brother, Leonard Victor Bechet, was a full-time dentist and a part-time trombonist and bandleader. Bechet learned and mastered several musical instruments that were kept around the house (he began on the cornet), mostly by teaching himself; he decided to specialize in the clarinet (which he played almost exclusively until about 1919).
At the age of six, he started to perform with his brother's band at a family birthday party, debuting his talents to acclaim. Later in his youth, Bechet studied with Joseph "King" Oliver, Bunk Johnson, Freddie Keppard, Lorenzo Tio, "Big Eye" Louis Nelson Delisle, and George Baquet.
Musical development
Bechet played in many New Orleans ensembles using the improvisational techniques of the time (obbligatos with scales and arpeggios and varying the melody).
While working with Louis Armstrong, Bechet was the first musician to develop the Swing style of jazz; he influenced the widening difference between jazz and ragtime. Bechet liked to have his sound dominate in a performance, and trumpeters reportedly found it difficult to play alongside him.
He performed in parades with Freddie Keppard's brass band, the Olympia Orchestra, and in John Robichaux's dance orchestra. From 1911 to 1912, he performed with Bunk Johnson in the Eagle Band of New Orleans and in 1913–14 with King Oliver in the Olympia Band. From 1914 to 1917, he was touring and traveling, going as far north as Chicago and frequently performing with Freddie Keppard.
In the spring of 1919, he traveled to New York City where he joined Will Marion Cook's Syncopated Orchestra. Soon after, the orchestra traveled to Europe; almost immediately upon arrival, they performed at the Royal Philharmonic Hall in London. The group was warmly received, and Bechet was especially popular.
While in London, he discovered the straight soprano saxophone and developed a style unlike his clarinet tone. Bechet was the first influential soprano saxophonist, and led to its rising popularity in jazz.
His saxophone sound could be described as emotional, reckless, and large. He often used a broad vibrato, similar to some New Orleans clarinetists at the time. In 1919, Ernest Ansermet, a Swiss classical music conductor, wrote a tribute to Bechet, one of the earliest (if not the first) to a jazz musician from the field of classical music, linking Bechet's music with that of Bach.
Bechet's first recordings were made in 1923 and 1924. The session was led by Clarence Williams, a pianist and songwriter, better known at that time for his music publishing and record producing, and his "Blue Five" (which included Louis Armstrong). Bechet recorded "Wild Cat Blues" and "Kansas City Man Blues". The former is in a ragtime style with four 16-bar themes, and the latter is a 12-bar blues. In 1924, Bechet worked with Duke Ellington for three months and made a significant impact on Ellington's early jazz style.
Duke Ellington called him "the epitome of jazz." However, he never learned how to read music in his lifetime of being a musician.
Bechet in France
On September 15, 1925, Bechet and other members of the Revue Nègre, including Josephine Baker, sailed to Europe, arriving at Cherbourg, France, on September 22. The revue opened at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées in Paris on October 2. The show was an example of negrophilia in France at the time. He toured Europe with multiple bands, reaching as far as Russia in mid-1926. In 1928, he led his small band at Chez Bricktop (run by the popular Ada "Bricktop" Smith) in Montmartre, Paris.
In France, Bechet found that he was appreciated by a wider audience and had more general freedom than he did in the United States.
He was imprisoned in Paris for eleven months. In his autobiography, he wrote that he accidentally shot a woman when he was trying to shoot a musician who had insulted him. He had challenged the man to duel and said, "Sidney Bechet never plays the wrong chord." After his release, he was deported to New York, arriving soon after the stock market crash of 1929. He joined with Lorenzo Tio and also came to know trumpeter Roy Eldridge.
In 1932, Bechet returned to New York City to lead a band with Tommy Ladnier. The band, consisting of six members, performed at the Savoy Ballroom. He played in Noble Sissle's orchestra, which toured in Germany and Russia.
Later life
In 1938, "Hold Tight, Hold Tight (Want Some Seafood Mama)", commonly known as "Hold Tight", was composed by Bechet's guitarist Leonard Ware and two session singers with claimed contributions from Bechet himself. The song became known for its suggestive lyrics and then for a series of lawsuits over songwriter royalties.
In 1939, Bechet and the pianist Willie "The Lion" Smith led a group that recorded several early versions of what was later called Latin jazz, adapting traditional méringue, rhumba and Haitian songs to the jazz idiom. On July 28, 1940, Bechet made a guest appearance on the NBC Radio show The Chamber Music Society of Lower Basin Street, playing two of his showpieces ("Shake It and Break It" and "St. Louis Blues") with Henry Levine's Dixieland band. Levine invited Bechet into the RCA Victor recording studio (on 24th Street in New York City), where Bechet lent his soprano sax to Levine's traditional arrangement of "Muskrat Ramble". On April 18, 1941, as an early experiment in overdubbing at Victor, Bechet recorded a version of the pop song "The Sheik of Araby", playing six different instruments: clarinet, soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone, piano, bass, and drums. A hitherto unissued master of this recording was included in the 1965 LP Bechet of New Orleans, issued by RCA Victor as LPV-510. In the liner notes, George Hoeffer quoted Bechet:
"I started by playing The Sheik on piano, and played the drums while listening to the piano. I meant to play all the rhythm instruments, but got all mixed up and grabbed my soprano, then the bass, then the tenor saxophone, and finally finished up with the clarinet."In 1944, 1946, and 1953, he recorded and performed in concert with the Chicago jazz pianist and vibraphonist Max Miller; private recordings from Miller's archive have never been released. These concerts and recordings are described in John Chilton's biography Sidney Bechet: The Wizard of Jazz.
With jobs in music difficult to find, he opened a tailor shop with Ladnier. They were visited by musicians and played in the back of the shop. In the 1940s, Bechet played in several bands, but his financial situation did not improve until the end of that decade. By the end of the 1940s, Bechet had tired of struggling to make music in the United States. His contract with Jazz Limited, a Chicago-based record label, was limiting the events at which he could perform (for instance, the label would not permit him to perform at the 1948 Festival of Europe in Nice). He believed that the jazz scene in the United States had little left to offer him and was getting stale.
Permanent settlement in Paris
In 1951, he migrated to France permanently, after his performance as a soloist at the Paris Jazz Fair caused a surge in his popularity in that country, where he easily found well-paid work. Also in 1951, he married Elisabeth Ziegler in Antibes.
In 1953, he signed a recording contract with Disques Vogue that lasted for the rest of his life. He recorded many hit tunes, including "Les Oignons", "Promenade aux Champs-Élysées", and the international hit "Petite Fleur". He also composed a classical ballet score in the late Romantic style of Tchaikovsky called La nuit est une sorcière ("The Night Is a Witch"). Some existentialists in France took to calling him le dieu ("the god").
Autobiography and death
Shortly before his death, Bechet dictated his autobiography, Treat It Gentle, to Al Rose, a record producer and radio host. He had worked with Rose several times in concert promotions and had a fractious relationship with him. Bechet's view of himself in his autobiography was starkly different from the one Rose knew.
"The kindly old gentleman in his book was filled with charity and compassion. The one I knew was self-centered, cold, and capable of the most atrocious cruelty, especially toward women."
Although embellished and frequently inaccurate, Treat It Gentle remains a staple account for the "insider's view of the New Orleans tradition."
Bechet died in Garches, near Paris, of lung cancer on May 14, 1959 on his 62nd birthday. He is buried in a local cemetery. Several other major jazz musicians died this year as well: Billie Holiday and Lester Young.
Legacy
In 2013, a crater on Mercury was named after Bechet.
In the novel Steppenwolf by Hermann Hesse, Bechet was inspiration for the character "Pablo."
Bechet's music has been included in the soundtracks of about 60 films, including the following: JFK (1991), Chocolat (2000), The Quiet American (2002), and Midnight in Paris (2011).
Philip Larkin wrote a poem called "For Sidney Bechet". It can be found in "The Complete Poems". It is written about on the Philip Larkin Society website.
Van Morrison mentions Sidney Bechet in the song "See Me Through Part II (Just A Closer Walk With Thee)" from the 1990 album Hymns to the Silence: "...Sidney Bechet on Sunday afternoons in winter/Sidney Bechet, Sunday afternoons in winter..."
In Antibes, France, a small one-block park is named Sidney Bechet Square in his honor. The park contains a monument with a bust of Bechet and a plaque that reads, "To Sidney BECHET, one of the world's greatest jazz musicians, so honored by his new home. - Sidney J. BARTHELEMY, Mayor of New Orleans, April 16, 1994."
Personal life
Bechet was Catholic.
Bechet was known for having an abrasive attitude, which has been compared to that of Coleman Hawkins. They were both incredibly sure of their relative importance in the music industry during a time in which jazz was losing popularity. They were stubborn and lacked patience with younger artists who had less experience or knowledge about the jazz industry.
Bechet briefly took time off of the music industry in 1938, when he opened a tailor shop in New York.
Bechet had three wives: Elizabeth Ziegler (1951-death), Marie-Louise Crawford (1934-1942), and Norma Hale (1918-1929).
Awards
DownBeat magazine Hall of Fame, 1968
Bechet was inducted into the Big Band and Jazz Hall of Fame, 1983.
Awarded a blue plaque outside his former London home, 2014 (pictured).
Discography
Singles
"Texas Moaner Blues", with Louis Armstrong, 1924
"Cake Walkin' Babies from Home", with Red Onion Jazz Babies, 1925
"Got the Bench, Got the Park (But I Haven't Got You)", 1930
"Blues in Thirds", 1940
"Dear Old Southland", 1940
"Egyptian Fantasy", 1941
"Muskrat Ramble", 1944
"Blue Horizon", 1944
"Dutch Swing College Blues", 1954
"Kansas City Man Blues", 1954
"Petite Fleur", 1959
"Dans les Rues D'Antibes", 1960
"Premier Bal", 1960
"Who's Sorry Now", 1961
"Weary Blues", 1979
Albums
"A Jazz Masterwork", 1948
"Sidney Bechet & Claude Luter", 1950
"Jazz Classics Vol. 1", 1950
"Jazz Classics Vol. 2", 1950
"Sidney Bechet - Bunk Johnson: Days Beyond Recall", 1951
"Sidney Bechet, Claude Luter: On Parade", 1951
"Sidney Bechet, Claude Luter, Andre Reweliotty et son Orchestre: Bechet-Souvenirs", 1951
"Sidney Bechet, Muggsy Spanier: Jam Session", 1952
"Sidney Bechet", 1952
"Port of Harlem Six", 1952
"Soprano Sax Solos", 1952
"French Movies", 2014
Movies
Bechet was featured in three films and played a jazz musician.
Série noire,
L'inspecteur connaît la musique,
Quelle équipe!
Further reading
American Peoples Encyclopedia Yearbook (1953). p. 542.
Bechet, Sidney (1960). Treat It Gentle. Twayne. Reprint, Da Capo, 1978.
Hoefer, George (1946). Article in Metronome Magazine, December 1946.
References
External links
Sidney Bechet at the Red Hot Jazz Archive
Profile with pictures
Sidney Bechet in Switzerland: A preservation project by the United Music Foundation
Sidney Bechet recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
France: Jazz Musician Sidney Bechet Buried In Paris Suburb: No Farewell Blues. 1959
NPR: The Sidney Bechet Story
10 Essential Recordings of Bechet's Tunes
1897 births
1959 deaths
20th-century American composers
20th-century saxophonists
African-American jazz musicians
American emigrants to France
American jazz clarinetists
American jazz composers
American jazz soprano saxophonists
American male saxophonists
Deaths from lung cancer in France
Dixieland clarinetists
Dixieland saxophonists
Blue Note Records artists
Gennett Records artists
Okeh Records artists
Jazz musicians from New Orleans
Jazz soprano saxophonists
Louisiana Creole people
American male jazz composers
20th-century American male musicians
Olympia Orchestra members
The Eagle Band members
Red Onion Jazz Babies members
African-American Catholics
Jazzology Records artists
20th-century jazz composers
20th-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American men
Acanthaspis siva is a species of assassin bug. Nymphs of this species engage in the camouflaging behavior common to other species of Acanthaspis. In A. siva, camouflaging appears to reduce the chance that a nymph will be cannibalized by its coinstars.
References
Reduviidae
Insects described in 1902
Snake in the Grass is a 1954 mystery detective novel by Anthony Gilbert, the pen name of British writer Lucy Beatrice Malleson. It is the twenty eighth in her long-running series featuring the unscrupulous solicitor and detective Arthur Crook. It was published in the United States under the alternative title Death Won't Wait. Reviewing it in the New York Times Anthony Boucher described it "one of Gilbert's duller books", while other reviews were more praiseworthy.
Synopsis
A man is accosted on a London street by an attractive young woman who begs him for the loan of a pound, explaining that she is fleeing from her husband. She promptly disappears, a when her husband is found dead, Arthur Crook becomes involved in the case which plays out amidst the black marketeers and bombed-out buildings of the post-war capital.
References
Bibliography
Magill, Frank Northen . Critical Survey of Mystery and Detective Fiction: Authors, Volume 2. Salem Press, 1988.
Murphy, Bruce F. The Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery. Springer, 1999.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1954 British novels
British mystery novels
British thriller novels
Novels by Anthony Gilbert
Novels set in London
British detective novels
Collins Crime Club books
SV Lippstadt is a German association football club from the city of Lippstadt, North Rhine-Westphalia.
History
The two predecessors of the current-day club were both established in March 1908. Borussia Lippstadt was founded 24 March by students of the Gymnasium Ostendorf, while Lippstädter SV Teutonia was also founded sometime late in the month. Teutonia merged with SV Westfalia Lippstadt in 1921 and established a ground at Waldschlößchen that same year. This club played briefly in the top-flight regional league in 1931–33 until a general re-organization of German football under the Third Reich into sixteen first division Gauliga in 1933 saw then shuffled down to second-level competition.
Late in World War II Teutonia and SV Borussia Lippstadt played alongside Luftwaffe Sportverein Lipperbruchbaumas as part of the combined wartime side, or Kriegspielgemeinshaft, KSG Lippstadt. This team was inserted into the crumbling first division Gauliga Westfalen/Group 3 but never played a league match as war overtook the area. Following the conflict, occupying Allied authorities ordered the dissolution of organizations across the country, including sports and football clubs.
Both Borussia and Teutonia were re-established as separate sides after the war and in 1957 finished one-two competing against each other in the Landesliga Westfalen (III). Borussia was promoted directly into Verbandsliga Westfalen, while Teutonia also advanced after winning its way through a promotion playoff. Both sides were quickly sent down with the former playing only a single season at that level, while the latter played two seasons. For the most part over the next few decades the two clubs were up and down between the city and district circuits. They both enjoyed stints in the Verbandsliga beginning in the mid-70s, while Teutonia spent the first half of the 80s in the Oberliga.
Teutonia emerged from the Landesliga Westfalen (VI) and into the Verbandsliga Westfalen (V) in 1994. A merger in 1997 united the two clubs to create SV Lippstadt 08 and the new team earned promotion to the Oberliga Westfalen (IV) on the strength of a second-place result in the 1997–98 season. Their play has been uneven since their arrival into the country's highest amateur league. After earning top three finishes in their first two seasons at that level Lippstadt has since generally ended in the lower half of the table, including a close brush with relegation in 2005 but it remained in the league until the Oberliga Westfalen was disbanded in 2008.
Not strong enough to compete in the new NRW-Liga the club played in the Westfalenliga until 2012 when a league championship took it back up to the now reformed Oberliga Westfalen. A league championship in the Oberliga in 2013 earned it promotion to the tier four Regionalliga West but it was relegated from this level after only one season. It returned to the Regionalliga West in 2018 after again winning the Oberliga Westfalen.
Honours
The club's honours:
Oberliga Westfalen
Champions: 2012–13, 2017–18
Westfalenliga – Group 1
Champions: 2011–12
Current players
Famous players
Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, came up through the youth system of Borussia Lippstadt before joining Bayern Munich and going on to play for the German national side
Daniel Farke, played for SV Lippstadt for 3 stints during his career before managing the club, and later going on to manage English club Norwich City in the Premier League.
References
External links
Official team site
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German football league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in North Rhine-Westphalia
Association football clubs established in 1997
1997 establishments in Germany
The New Jersey Scholars Program (sometimes referred to as NJSP) is a selective residential summer program for academically talented high school students residing in the state of New Jersey. Held on the campus of The Lawrenceville School from June to July since 1977, the program is based on in-depth discussion of a seminar topic that changes biannually; the topic for 2019, 2020, and 2021 is Mind and Body: The Future of Being Human. There is no tuition for selected attendees; room, board, food and all other academic expenses for the five-week program are covered by private and corporate donations.
NJSP's stated mission is to "reach out to 39 able and enthusiastic residents of New Jersey who are rising seniors and who come from a broad socio-economic, ethnic and racial cross-section of the state's population. The Program creates an intense, interdisciplinary intellectual experience that will change their lives -- to awaken in them the awareness of their potential to achieve academic excellence."
NJSP has been identified as a major "feeder" program for the nation's top schools, with a majority of alumni attending Ivy League and comparable institutions.
Admissions
Admission to the NJ Scholars Program begins with an in-school process in which up to two students can be nominated to have their applications (consisting of an academic transcript, teacher recommendations and several essays) forwarded to the program for further consideration in early January. After a thorough vetting process, fewer than 40% of applicants are selected for semifinalist status in early March. In the next stage of the process, applicants are invited to The Lawrenceville School for a tour of the campus and an intensive group interview with the program administrators. Applicants are notified as to their acceptance or rejection by early April.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, interviews were held online due to safety concerns. There was no campus tour.
Each year, 39 Scholars are selected from an applicant pool of nearly 450 candidates nominated from their schools, garnering an acceptance rate of approximately 8.7%.
Instruction
Founded in 1977, the NJ Scholars Program was created as an attempt to provide a "dynamic learning environment" for intellectually gifted high school students in New Jersey. The interdisciplinary nature of the program allows for the Scholars to approach the seminar topic from a number of different angles, aided by professors enlisted from a wide variety of postsecondary institutions. The daily schedule starts with a morning lecture, followed by morning and afternoon seminar sessions around the "Harkness Table", which is meant to foster equal discussion among the Scholars. The remainder of the day is utilized for leisure activities, or to complete the considerable readings and work assigned by the faculty. Culminating the program for the Scholars is the creation of a lengthy research paper on a specific topic.
All student work is ungraded. At the end of the summer, each student receives an evaluation letter from the faculty member who served as advisor for the research paper.
Student life
Scholars reside in Kirby House on the Lawrenceville campus (with opposite genders living on different floors), and are free to visit the nearby city of Princeton, New Jersey, six miles away. An annual Arts Festival, first held in 1978, features performances, readings, and art exhibitions by student participants. Athletics also form a major part of the NJSP experience; the Lawrenceville School's excellent facilities are open for use, including tennis and basketball courts, a fully outfitted weight room, multipurpose athletic fields, a golf course, an ice rink, and a pool. Other highlights of the program include a field trip to New York, weekend excursions to amusement parks, beaches and films. All such extracurricular expenses are covered by the program via corporate and individual donations.
References
External links
Official website
Education in New Jersey
Gifted education
Summer schools
Sir Rhodes Boyson (11 May 192528 August 2012) was an English educator, author and Conservative Party politician who served as Member of Parliament for Brent North. He was knighted and made a member of the Privy Council in 1987.
Early life
Born in Haslingden, Lancashire, the son of Alderman William Boyson MBE JP, Rhodes Boyson was educated at Haslingden Grammar School, University College Cardiff, the University of Manchester, the London School of Economics, and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
He was awarded a PhD in 1967 by London University, his thesis being on Henry Ashworth, a Victorian Lancashire cotton manufacturer, brother-in-law of Richard Cobden and a Radical campaigner who also had a reputation as a model employer. It was published in 1970 by Oxford University Press as The Ashworth Cotton Enterprise. The Rise and Fall of a Factory Firm. 1818–1880.
Early career
Called up towards the end of the Second World War, Boyson served with the Royal Navy, based in India at the time of Independence, and from his late-20s, he was a Methodist lay preacher.
He became a teacher in 1950, and later a head teacher, first at Lea Bank Secondary Modern School in Cloughfold, Rossendale (1955–61), then at Robert Montefiore Secondary School, Stepney, London (1961–66), and finally from 1967 to 1974 at Highbury Grove School, a new all-boys' comprehensive in Islington, North London, of which he was the founding head teacher; in this capacity, and subsequently as an MP, he was outspoken in support of the retention of corporal punishment in British schools. He opposed what he perceived to be lax discipline, both in modern education and in the wider society, and at Highbury Grove he introduced an unfashionably traditional regime, with strictly enforced uniforms, caning for misbehaviour, and a house system. He claimed in his book that this proved so popular with local parents that the school was consistently oversubscribed.
From 1957 to 1961 Boyson was a Labour councillor in Haslingden, where his father was at that time a Labour alderman and had been a trade union secretary. His father was a cotton spinner, and had been imprisoned as a conscientious objector in the First World War.
Boyson left the Labour Party in 1964, joining the Conservative Party three years later. He later wrote:
My own move to Conservative party membership arose from the effect of my research into the cotton industry and the Manchester school of liberal economic philosophy. Here was a body of men who believed that a free enterprise economy was not only efficient but brought moral growth to all men. The employer risked his capital on his judgement and must care for his workers as part of his stock in trade, and the workers would be enabled to become prosperous and through their own industry, thrift and moral courage could establish their own business enterprises and their personal independence to the advantage of themselves, their families and society. Cobden had a moral view of society and believed that free enterprise would not only bring prosperity but social harmony at home and peace abroad within a system of universal free trade.
In 1977 he was co-author (with Brian Cox) of one of the series of Black Papers on education, criticising many aspects of the comprehensive schools system.
Boyson was a severe critic of what he regarded as the influence of "mindless sociologists" who produced "mush which has corrupted the national character", noting in 1978 that; "it has not gone unnoticed that crime has increased parallel with the number of social workers". The Daily Mirror responded with an editorial comment "that crime has also increased parallel with speeches from Dr. Boyson".
He served as chairman of the National Council for Educational Standards.
Parliamentary career
Having stood unsuccessfully at Eccles in 1970, Boyson was first elected to the House of Commons in February 1974 for Brent North, and was Parliamentary Under-Secretary at the Department of Education and Science 1979–1983. In this capacity he sought to uphold schools' right to use the cane, and was nicknamed the "Minister for Flogging" by the anti-corporal-punishment campaign STOPP. He was Minister of State for Social Security 1983–1984, for Northern Ireland 1984–1986 and for Local Government 1986–1987.
Boyson was homophobic, a strong opponent of homosexuality and a supporter of Section 28. He said:It is wrong biblically, is homosexuality. It is unnatural. AIDS is part of the fruits of the permissive society. The regular one-man, one-woman marriage would not put us at risk in this way. If we could wipe out homosexual practices, then Aids would die out.
Boyson was a supporter of the Conservative Monday Club and frequently addressed them. At the Conservative Party Annual Conference at Blackpool on 10 October 1991 he was the principal speaker at a Club fringe meeting on the subject of A Conservative Revolution in Education.
In 1994 he appeared on the BBC topical panel TV show Have I Got News for You. He also appeared on Brass Eye and was an early interviewee of Ali G.
Boyson lost his Brent North seat in the Labour landslide of 1997, his 24% majority turning to a 10% majority for the opposition, partly because of his perceived lack of commitment to the campaign to retain Edgware General Hospital; in 2001, the seat, no longer contested by Boyson, swung a further 9% to Labour.
Personal life
Distinctive personal features were his mutton chop whiskers and strong Lancashire accent. The whiskers dated from an occasion when he rebuked pupils for having long hair at the school where he was headmaster: the students retorted jokingly, "Why don't you grow your hair, Sir, if we cut ours."
In 2007, he received an honorary degree from the University of Buckingham.
Boyson married Violet Burletson in 1946, and they had two daughters. The couple divorced in 1971, after which he married Florette MacFarlane, a teacher. He and his second wife lived in Pinner, northwest London, until he moved into Cedar House nursing home in Harefield, where he died aged 87. He left more than £2,000,000 in his will, the majority of it going to his widow. She died in 2018.
References
Further reading
Boyson, Rhodes, Centre Forward – A Radical Conservative Programme, Temple Smith, London, 1978.
Boyson, Rhodes, Oversubscribed: The Story of Highbury Grove School, Ward Lock Educational, London, 1974.
Boyson, Rhodes, Speaking My Mind, Peter Owen, London, 1995.
Dod's Parliamentary Companion 1991, 172 editions, East Sussex, .
External links
|-
1925 births
2012 deaths
Alumni of Cardiff University
Alumni of the Victoria University of Manchester
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in Lancashire
English Methodists
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
People from Haslingden
People educated at Haslingden Grammar School
Politics of the London Borough of Brent
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Heads of schools in England
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Royal Navy personnel of World War II
Conservative Party (UK) councillors
Northern Ireland Office junior ministers
Schoolteachers from Lancashire
Jack Dishel (born Yevgeny Leonidovich Dishel, ; 24 September 1976) is a Russian-American musician, actor, writer, director, comic and producer. Born in the Soviet Union, he grew up in the US from the age of three. He releases and performs music under the band name Only Son and was previously the lead guitarist for The Moldy Peaches.
On 17 December 2015, Dishel launched his comedy web series, ":DRYVRS" starring Macaulay Culkin, which amassed over 6 million views on its first day of release and within its first week online had been viewed more than 20 million times. The five episodes of :DRYVRS have since amassed more than 50 million views across various social media platforms.
Early life
Born Yevgeny Leonidovich Dishel to a Russian Jewish family in the Soviet Union, Jack moved to the United States as a three-year-old. He spent his early childhood in Queens, New York, before moving to Valley Stream at the age of nine. After graduating from high school he attended SUNY Purchase College and subsequently moved to New York City to pursue music.
:DRYVRS
":DRYVRS" is an episodic comedy web-series created, written, directed by and starring Dishel. Macaulay Culkin appears in a recurring role as an unnamed, PTSD-riddled character who is reminiscent of Kevin McCallister from the Home Alone franchise. The pilot episode, "Just Me in the House By Myself", went viral on YouTube with over 6 million views on its first day of release and the number of views grew to 20 million in its first week online. Subsequent episodes featured Tom Petty, Rosanna Arquette, Darren Criss, Seth Green, Jeff Garlin, Steven Weber, Kevin Pollak, Rodney Mullen, Jakob Dylan, Dhani Harrison, and Nick Valensi of The Strokes. To date, the entirely self-produced series currently has over 50 million views between various social media platforms.
Only Son
Since 2006, Jack Dishel has released three full length LP's under the name Only Son: "The Drop to the Top" (2006), "Searchlight" (2011), and the eponymous "Only Son" (2017). He has toured the world extensively opening for Regina Spektor and former Moldy Peaches bandmate Adam Green.
Moldy Peaches
Dishel was the lead guitarist for indie-folk band Moldy Peaches, who rose to fame for their song "Anyone Else But You" from the "Juno" soundtrack. On their debut recording, released by Rough Trade Records on 11 September 2001, Dishel played guitar on "Nothing Came Out" and drums on both "Who's Got The Crack" and "Steak For Chicken". They later released a single for County Fair/Rainbows on which he plays lead guitar.
Known for their outlandish stage costumes and ironic sense of humor, Moldy Peaches were prominent members of New York City's anti-folk scene and achieved moderate success in the early 2000s supporting The Strokes on their first US tour. They subsequently headlined their own shows worldwide and took an "indefinite hiatus to pursue solo projects" in 2002. In 2008, six years after their unofficial breakup, the band rose to international prominence when the Juno soundtrack reached #1 on the Billboard charts.
Discography
As Only Son
The Drop to the Top (2006)
Searchlight (2011)
Only Son (2017)
With the Moldy Peaches
The Moldy Peaches (2001)
Moldy Peaches 2000: Unreleased Cutz and Live Jamz 1994–2002 (2003)
Other work
Dishel has appeared on albums by Regina Spektor, Kimya Dawson, Nickel Eye (solo project of Nikolai Fraiture from The Strokes) and Adam Green, with whom he wrote "Boss Inside" ('Minor Love' (Rough Trade 2010). He was also the touring tenor guitarist for Los Angeles band Little Joy.
Personal life
Dishel is married to fellow Soviet-born Jewish singer-songwriter Regina Spektor, with whom he has performed live and recorded music.
Dishel and Spektor have two children together.
Producer
In addition to co-producing the Only Son albums, Dishel has worked as a producer, arranger and co-writer for other artists, including Regina Spektor, Jarrod Gorbel, Adrien Reju and Toby Goodshank.
References
Video
Regina Spektor and Only Son "Call Them Brothers" video
Only Son "Stamp Your Name On It" video
Only Son "Searchlight" video
Only Son "It's A Boy" video
Only Son "You Stayed At Home" video
Only Son "Kick 'Em Out" video
Only Son "Magic" video
Only Son "My Museum" video
Jack Dishel interview
Moldy Peaches "Lucky Number Nine" video
Regina Spektor and Jack Dishel "Hotel Song" live
PUNKCAST#115 Stipplicon live @ North Six, Brooklyn, 5 Jan 2002. (RealPlayer)
Jack Dishel ":DRYVRS review
Jack Dishel ":DRYVRS" launch
External links
Only Son official website
Jack Dishel interview on YouTube
Only Son Myspace
1976 births
Living people
American male musicians
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Jewish American musicians
21st-century American singers
The Moldy Peaches members
21st-century American male singers
21st-century American Jews
Wesley Lloyd (July 24, 1883 – January 10, 1936) was a U.S. Representative from Washington.
Born at Arvonia in Osage County, Kansas, on July 24, 1883, attended the public schools, Baker University, Baldwin, Kansas, and Washburn College, Topeka, Kansas, Lloyd engaged in newspaper work in Kansas City and Topeka.
He graduated from the Kansas City Law School in 1906.
He was admitted to the bar the same year.
He moved to Tacoma, Washington, in 1906, and engaged in newspaper work until 1908 when he commenced the practice of law in Tacoma.
He served as a corporal in the Washington National Guard 1918-1920.
He was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and Seventy-fourth Congresses and served from March 4, 1933, until his death in Washington, D.C., January 10, 1936.
He was interred in Tacoma Cemetery, Tacoma, Washington.
Proposed Amendment to the United States Constitution
On May 9, 1933, Congressman Wesley Lloyd proposed an amendment to allow for a maximum wealth no less than $1,000,000 "gold dollars". The amendment read as follows:
SECTION 1. Congress shall have power to limit the wealth of the individual citizens of the several States, Territories, and the District of Columbia and of all persons owning property within the jurisdiction of the laws of the United States.
SECTION 2. No law shall be enacted fixing the maximum amount of wealth allowed to any one individual at a sum less in value than
1,000,000 gold dollars, 25& grains, nine tenths fine. ,
SECTION 3. The power of levying and collecting taxes for revenue · under the existing articles of the Constitution and the amendments thereto shall be in no wise abridged.
SECTION 4. All sections of the Constitution of the United States inconsistent herewith are suspended for the purpose of carrying
this article into effect.
SECTION 5. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment of the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided in the Constitution, within 7 years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by Congress.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
Sources
1883 births
1936 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
People from Osage County, Kansas
Politicians from Tacoma, Washington
Washington (state) lawyers
Washington National Guard personnel
Baker University alumni
University of Missouri–Kansas City alumni
Washburn University alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Ryabtsev or Rabtsaw () is a Slavic masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Ryabtseva or Rabtsaw. It may refer to
Anton Rabtsaw (born 1987), Belarusian football player
Dzmitry Rabtsaw (born 1991), Belarusian football player
Zhanna Ryabtseva (born 1977), Russian politician
Sergey Ryabtsev (born 1958), Russian musician
Vladislav Ryabtsev (born 1987), Russian rower
The Bernard 160 was a three engine, multi-role monoplane designed in the early 1930s to meet a French government call for aircraft suited to policing and medical duties in its African colonies. Two prototypes were built and tested, but no further orders were placed.
Design and development
By 1928 there was significant government aviation activity in French African colonies. Initially this involved the Breguet 14, a largely metal-framed World War I bomber that was gradually replaced by the newer but wooden Potez 25. It was soon realised that in the hot humid climates, metal-framed aircraft were more durable and required less maintenance; as a result a new category for French aircraft, the Colonial type, was established. In 1930 the Air Ministry issued a programme with design criteria for both single and multi-engine types. The latter, designated Col 3, was required to have three 224 kW (300 hp) engines, providing the ability to maintain an altitude of 2,000 m (6,600 ft) with one engine out. It was to have four roles: photo-reconnaissance, whilst equipped with radio, a machine gun and 54×1 kg (2.2 lb) grenades; ground attack, with two crew and the same grenade load, an extra machine gun and 24×10 kg (22 lb) bomb load; ambulance, with one pilot, one medic and two wounded; and transport, with a pilot and four passengers. The high-wing design would improve ground visibility. In 1927, before this specification had appeared or the Colonial types had been defined, Bernard had built its 1927 three-engine, five seat Bernard SIMB AB 16 for similar tasks, but in 1930 prepared an all-metal version of the Bernard 60 T civil transport as the Bernard 160 Col 3.
The Bernard 160 was, as required, a three engine aircraft with a top-mounted cantilever wing. One of the 300 hp Gnome-Rhône 7Kb 7-cylinder, uncowled, radial engines of the first prototype was mounted on the nose and the other two on the wings. The wing was tapered with elliptical tips. The fuselage was flat-sided and rectangular in cross-section. The pilots had an enclosed cabin ahead of and just below the wing leading edge; below and behind them was a cabin with five rectangular windows, the rearmost in a port side door. The tail surfaces were rounded, with the tailplane mounted atop the fuselage. The fixed, conventional undercarriage mounted each mainwheel to the lower fuselage longeron with a V-shaped pair of struts. A thin shock-absorbing leg ran vertically to the wing at the outer engine mounting. The mainwheels were spatted; the tailwheel was not.
The first flight was in April 1932, piloted by Roger Baptiste. The second prototype, designated Bernard 161 flew in July 1932, powered by three 300 hp Lorraine Algol 9-cylinder radials. Its engines had short chord cowlings; it was 75 kg (165 lb) heavier than the first prototype but otherwise had the same specifications, including performance.
Many unsatisfactory test flights showed that, because of interference between the propeller airstream and the wing, the engines needed to be both lowered in relation to the leading edge and moved further forward. These modifications were completed by February 1933 and by August the two aircraft, piloted by Jean-Charles Bernache-Assollant, were undergoing official technical trials with the STIAé; these ended in November, and the aircraft were returned to the factory for further modification. They were returned for official testing at the newly formed Centre d'Essais du Matériel Aérien, in the early summer of 1934, but both aircraft suffered serious damage to undercarriage legs caused by locking brakes. Though they were both returned to the factory for repair, they were instead eventually scrapped.
Variants
Bernard 160
First prototype, 300 hp (224 Kw) Gnome-Rhône 7Kb 7-cylinder radial engines
Bernard 161
Second prototype, 300 hp (224 Kw) Lorraine 9Na Algol 9-cylinder radial engines.
Specifications (Bernard 160)
References
Bibliography
1930s French military utility aircraft
160
Trimotors
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1932
The Nana-Barya Faunal Reserve is a protected area in the Central African Republic covering an area of that was established in 1953.
Since 2005, it is considered a Lion Conservation Unit.
References
Protected areas of the Central African Republic
Faunal reserves
Ophioderma is a genus of brittle stars in the family Ophiodermatiidae.
Species
It includes the following species:
Ophioderma africanum Stöhr, Weber, Boissin & Chenuil, 2020
Ophioderma anitae Hotchkiss, 1982
Ophioderma appressum (Say, 1825)
Ophioderma besnardi Tommasi, 1970
Ophioderma brevicaudum Lutken, 1856
Ophioderma brevispinum (Say, 1825)
Ophioderma cinereum Muller and Troschel, 1842
Ophioderma devaneyi Hendler and Miller, 1984
Ophioderma divae Tommasi, 1970
Ophioderma elaps Lutken, 1856
Ophioderma ensiferum hendler and Miller, 1984
Ophioderma guineense Greeff, 1882
Ophioderma guttatum Lütken, 1859
Ophioderma holmesii (Lyman, 1860)
Ophioderma hybridum Stöhr, Weber, Boissin & Chenuil, 2020
Ophioderma januarii Lütken, 1856
Ophioderma longicaudum (Bruzelius, 1805)
Ophioderma occultum Humara-Gil et al., 2022
Ophioderma pallidum (Verrill, 1899)
Ophioderma panamense Lutken, 1856
Ophioderma pentacanthum H.L. Clark, 1917
Ophioderma peruanum Pineda-Enriquez, Solis-Marin, Hooker & Laguarda-Figueras, 2013
Ophioderma phoenium H.L. Clark, 1918
Ophioderma propiniquum Koehler, 1895
Ophioderma rubicundum Lutken, 1856
Ophioderma sodipallaresi Caso, 1985
Ophioderma squamosissimum Lutken, 1856
Ophioderma teres (Lyman, 1860)
Ophioderma tonganum Lutken, 1856
Ophioderma vansyoci hendler, 1996
Ophioderma variegatum Lutken, 1856
Ophioderma wahlbergii Muller and Troschel, 1842
Ophioderma zibrowii Stöhr, Weber, Boissin & Chenuil, 2020
References
External links
Ophiurida
Jacques-Joseph Ébelmen (10 July 1814 – 31 March 1852) was a French chemist. He was the son of Claude Louis Ébelmen, a forest surveyor, and Jeanne Claude Grenier. He attended classes in grammar and literature at the Language School at Baume. Thereafter he grew interested in the Sciences and attended the elementary mathematics classes in Paris at Collège Royal Henry-Le-Grand, and applied mathematics at the Lycée de Besançon. He then enrolled at the École Polytechnique in 1831.
In 1836 he was sent to Vesoul as a mining engineer, and began studying the different ores at Franche-Comté, where his reputation grew, growing artificial crystals of a number of minerals including corundum, chrysoberyl and peridot. He stayed there for four years, before committing himself in 1841 as assistant secretary of Committee of the Annales des Mines and a lecturer of chemistry at École Polytechnique. In December 1845 he became Chief Engineer of Mines of the Sèvres porcelain manufactory and worked on improved methods of manufacturing ceramics. He was also appointed professor of mineral assay at the Ecole des Mines and was made a Knight of the Legion of Honor by King Louis-Philippe in April 1847. He made many improvements regarding the manufacture of porcelain such as the change from coal to wood stoves, the development of the casting, which resulted in large parts, a lightweight a blameless purity of form, the renovation of the manufacture of bone china and vitreous enamel on metal.
In 1848, he got the chair of Ceramics at the Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers. In 1849, he was a member of the jury at the Central National Exhibition, and in 1851 he represented the French ceramic industry at the Great Exhibition in London, as a member of international jury. Whilst in England, his innovations drew esteem from the greatest scholars, including Michael Faraday, who invited him to attend a lecture he professed before the Royal Institution in London.
A few months after his return to France and the drafting of his report on the Exhibition, Ébelmen was suffering from a brain fever. He died on 31 March 1852. The Ébelmen Award in Geochemistry, given out by the International Association of GeoChemistry, is named in his honour. His name is one of the 72 names inscribed on the Eiffel Tower.
Research
His early research metallurgical dates from 1838, from a series of very remarkable memoirs succeeded until 1844, while others appeared only in 1851. To determine the composition of the gases successively in blast furnaces, kilns in a puddle in the warming ovens, he was inventing special processes, to draw the gas mixture in warmer regions and most easily accessible, and applied the same methods to study the carbonization of wood in the wheels, to that of the carbonization of coal in coke ovens and review of combustion in the engine locomotives homes alongside Frédéric Sauvage. He was a pioneer in the study of the chemical weathering of silicate minerals and basaltic rocks by carbonic acid. From his analysis of the decomposition products of weathered rocks and their sediments, Ébelmen proposed (1845, 1847, 1848) the existence of a deep carbon cycle in which volcanic gases return to the atmosphere and ocean the carbon dioxide buried in organic remains and carbonate rocks. This work was largely forgotten for 150 years, until it was rediscovered and promoted by Robert A. Berner (1935 – 2015) of Yale University.
References
1814 births
1852 deaths
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
19th-century French chemists
Sybra concolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1982.
References
concolor
Beetles described in 1982
Puhovac (Cyrillic: Пуховац) is a village in the City of Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 438.
References
Populated places in Zenica
was a private junior college in Setagaya Ward in Tokyo, Japan. It was set up in 1966.
History
It started in 1924 as a sewing cram school.
The Aobagakuen Junior College Housekeeping Department was set up in 1966.
"Food and nutrition" was added to the curriculum in 1967.
It was made coeducational in 2001. The housekeeping department was changed into the man life subject.
It is ended to want the student in fiscal year 2004. It shifts to Tokyo Health Care University from the next year.
It was abolished in 2006.
Subject
Man life subject
Food nourishment subject
Related item
Tokyo Health Care University
Tama University
Universities and colleges in Tokyo
Educational institutions established in 1966
Japanese junior colleges
Private universities and colleges in Japan
1966 establishments in Japan
Educational institutions disestablished in 2006
Berni Huber (born 11 July 1967 in Obermaiselstein) is a retired German alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1967 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
People from Oberallgäu
Sportspeople from Swabia (Bavaria)
The Adhi Ratneswarar Temple is a major Hindu temple with Shiva as the presiding deity, located in the town of Tiruvadanai in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Legend
Thiruvadanai is one of the many temple towns in the state which is named after the grooves, clusters or forests dominated by a particular variety of a tree or shrub and the same variety of tree or shrub sheltering the presiding deity. The region is believed to have been covered with Vilva forest and hence called Vilvavanam. Legend has it that Vaaruni, the son of Varuna, the God of rain who was cursed by a Sage to have an elephant's body and a goat's head, regained his normal form after worshiping Shiva at this temple. The name of the town is believed to have been derived from this mythological incident(Thiru- sacred; Adu- goat; Aanai- elephant; Thiru Adanai- the sacred place, where the goat-headed-elephant regained his original form).
The Sun God(Suriyan) is said to have worshiped a blue diamond image of Shiva here. Sage Brighu(Brighu Munivar) is also said to have worshiped the Lord here.
Another popular belief is that during the exile of Pandavas, Arjuna got the pasupatha missile from Lord Shiva. He was asked by the Lord to come to Tiruvadanai to know how to use the weapon. As a mark of his devotion(Bhakti), Arjuna installed the shrine(Somaskanda) in the temple.
History
It is one of the shrines of the 275 Paadal Petra Sthalams. This is one of the 14 Shiva temples praised in Thevaram hymns which are located in Paandiya Naadu (south eastern part of Tamil Nadu ). Sages Agasthya, Markandeya and divine cow Kamadenu had worshipped Lord of this temple. Lord Muruga in the temple is praised in the Tirupugazh hymns of saint Arunagirinathar.
Architecture
The Tower (Gopuram) of this temple is a specimen of Dravidian art presented in the upper stories. It was recently renovated by the benign patronage of some film actors of the state. The surface of the Gopuram depicts various lifelike art from the different anecdotes of the Hindu mythology. The pictures are painted in oil and exhibit vivid descriptions of the incidents depicted. The tower can be seen from a colossal distance of about 10 miles from the temple's premises.
Significance
Devotees pray to Lord Adhi Ratneswarar for relief from the evil effects of past deeds. Special Sukhra (Venus planet) Homas are performed on Mother for child boon. Those under planet Shukra's main or sub-periods are advised to pray to Mother in this temple.
Mother Snehavalli is the deity for the planet, Sukran (Venus). Those consulting Nadi astrology in Tiruvannamalai and Vaitheeshwaran Koil come to this temple to perform the remedial pujas.
The Tamil poet Sambandar is known to have composed the Thevara Pathigam here.
This is one of the Shiva temples offering pujas to the Sun God. It is believed that the Sun worshiped Lord Shiva placing him on a stage made of sapphire gems, hence came the name of the Lord, Adhi Ratneswarar. When the Abhishekams are performed during mid-day, the Lord appears blue.
Festivals observed at the Temple
10-day Vaikasi Visaka Vasanth Utsav (summer festival) in May–June
15-day Aadi Pooram in July–August
Navarathri in September–October
Shiva-Pradoshams the 13th day of both full moon and new moon fortnights in all months)
Karthikai in November–December and Chaturthi in the month of Avani(August–September)
References
External links
Hindu temples in Ramanathapuram district
Padal Petra Stalam
Bud Flanagan, (born Chaim Reuben Weintrop, 14 October 1896 – 20 October 1968) was a British music hall and vaudeville entertainer and comedian, and later a television and film actor. He was best known as a double act with Chesney Allen. Flanagan was famous as a wartime entertainer and his achievements were recognised when he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1959.
Family background
Flanagan was born in Whitechapel, in the East End of London. His parents, Wolf Weintrop (1856–1932) and Yetta (Kitty) Weintrop (1856–1935) were Polish Jews who were married in the city of Radom, Poland, and fled to Łódź on their wedding day to avoid a pogrom. Wolf and Yetta Weintrop intended to escape to the "New World" from Eastern Europe – they paid for a ticket to New York, but a dishonest ticket agent gave them a ticket to London.
In London, Wolf learned to be a shoe and bootmaker, earning extra money singing as a part-time cantor (Hazzan) and by singing in pubs on Saturday nights. Wolf and Yetta Weintrop had ten children, all born in London. At the time of the 1881 UK Census, Wolf "Wienkopf" and family lived in Brick Lane, and by the 1891 UK Census, the "Wientrob" family had moved on to 12 Hanbury Street, Spitalfields.
Early life
At the time of the 1901 census, the Weintrop family were still at Hanbury Street, with Reuben aged four living with six of his siblings and his parents over a fried fish shop. They later owned a barber shop and tobacconist in Whitechapel. Weintrop attended school in Petticoat Lane, and by the age of 10 was working as call boy at the Cambridge Music Hall. In 1908, he made his début in a talent contest at the London Music Hall in Shoreditch, performing conjuring tricks as Fargo, the Boy Wizard.
Weintrop was born with a sense of adventure and was keen to see the world. In 1910, aged 14, he decided to leave home and walked all the way to Southampton where he claimed to be an electrician aged 17 to get a job aboard ship. He sailed with the SS Majestic to New York, and jumped ship when it arrived in the US. Reuben got various jobs selling newspapers, delivering telegrams for Western Union, and harvested wheat in Fargo, North Dakota. He joined a vaudeville show that toured across the US, whilst in October 1914, he sailed with a show to perform in New Zealand and Australia. He travelled to perform on stage in South Africa, where he met his brother Alec (Alexander), who was living there at the time.
Once back in San Francisco, Reuben decided to return to the United Kingdom to enlist to fight for Britain in the First World War. He returned to Britain in 1915 and enlisted as "Robert" Weintrop; he joined the Royal Field Artillery, and was sent with his unit to fight in France. In the Army, he worked as a driver and entertained the troops with his singing and impersonations. Here he met the anti-Semitic Sergeant-Major Flanagan, on whom Reuben later had his revenge when he adopted the name "Flanagan" as his stage name. In 1919 he formed a comedy double act, Flanagan and Roy, and they had a "black and white" act. Newspaper reports indicate that Flanagan had gone solo by 1924 and was gaining an increasing audience.
Showbusiness career
Bud Flanagan is best remembered as part of a double act with Chesney Allen, billed as Flanagan and Allen. They had first met on active service in Flanders, but did not work together until 1926, touring with a Florrie Forde show called "Here's to You". They established a reputation and were booked by Val Parnell at the Holborn Empire. As music hall comedians they would often feature a mixture of comedy and music in their act and this led to a successful recording career as a duo and roles in film and television. Flanagan and Allen were both also members of The Crazy Gang, appearing in the first show at the London Palladium in 1931, and continued to work with the group, concurrently with their double-act career.
Flanagan and Allen's songs featured the same, usually gentle humour for which the duo were known in their live performances, and during World War II reflected the experiences of ordinary people during wartime. Songs like "We're Going to Hang out the Washing on the Siegfried Line" mocked the German defences (the Siegfried Line), while others like "Miss You" sang of missing one's sweetheart during enforced absences. Other songs such as their most famous "Underneath the Arches" (which Flanagan co-wrote with Reg Connelly) had universal themes such as friendship, which, again, helped people relate to the subject matter. The music was usually melodic, following a binary verse, verse chorus structure, with a small dance band or orchestra providing the backing. The vocals were distinctive because, while Flanagan was at least a competent singer and sang the melody lines, Allen used an almost spoken delivery to provide the harmonies.
Allen semi-retired in 1945 and Flanagan increasingly became a solo performer, although the two of them still appeared together on occasion, including for the 1957 TV series Together Again. In 1959, Flanagan was awarded the OBE, and received the award from the Duke of Edinburgh at Buckingham Palace. By the 1960s, and with his career on the wane, Flanagan used his wealth to invest in betting shops. Flanagan was a member of the entertainment charitable fraternity, the Grand Order of Water Rats.
Flanagan's last recording was Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner's theme for the British sitcom Dad's Army, "Who Do You Think You Are Kidding, Mr Hitler?", recorded by Pye shortly before his death in 1968, and for which he was paid 100 guineas (£105). The song was an affectionate pastiche of the sort of songs Flanagan had sung during the war.
In tribute, Flanagan's fellow comedian Charlie Chester said, "No artist born was more loved by his brothers. No man gave more in human happiness". Flanagan was cremated at the Golders Green Crematorium.
Personal life
He met his wife Anne ("Curly"), daughter of Irish comedian Johnny Quinn ('The Singing Clown'), who was a dancer in "Mrs. Stacey's Young Ladies". They were married in 1925 and in 1926 their son Buddy was born. Buddy died of leukaemia in Los Angeles on 29 February 1956. After his death, the estate of Bud Flanagan started a charity to promote cancer research. A primary aim of the Bud Flanagan Leukaemia Fund is to support the Leukaemia/Myeloma Unit at the Royal Marsden Hospital in Sutton, Surrey.
References
Sources
Flanagan, Bud (1961) My Crazy Life (Autobiography), F Muller, London
External links
The Crazy Gang: tribute site
East London Forum: Bud Flanagan
1896 births
1968 deaths
British Army personnel of World War I
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
British entertainers
British people of Polish-Jewish descent
English Jews
Musicians from London
Music hall performers
Pye Records artists
People from Whitechapel
Golders Green Crematorium
20th-century English comedians
British male comedy actors
Royal Field Artillery soldiers
Military personnel from London
Giovanni Veneroni (1642–1708) was a Vedunian linguist, lexicographer and grammarian.
Biography
It is believed that he was a native from Verdun (Meuse) and later Italianized his name. He went to Paris, where he pretended to be from Florence, had a great success as teacher of Italian and became secretary and interpreter of the King.
He published an Italian-French dictionary with the title Dictionnaire italien et françois (1681), and a Grammaire italienne (1710), which were long time considered classical reference works and were re-printed on several occasions.
References
External links
Version numérisée du dictionnaire (édition de Paris, 1681)
Version révisée de Filippo Neretti (édition de Venise, 1717)
People from Verdun
Linguists from France
French lexicographers
Grammarians of Italian
Interpreters
1642 births
1708 deaths
French male writers
17th-century translators
Fjodor Lishajko (21 February 1932 – 14 September 2021) was a Swedish biochemist.
Fjodor Lishajko was born in Veselets located in the Kamenets Podolsky region of Ukraine. The parents owned a small farm that was collectivized in 1934, after which the family was deported to Karelia in the northern part of the Soviet Union. In connection with the Continuation War between Finland and the Soviet Union 1941-1944, the family ended up in the area of East Karelia that was occupied by Finland. After the war, the family lived in the coastal areas of Finland and in 1947, Fjodor Lishajko and his family fled to Sweden. He graduated as a chemical engineer at Stockholm Technical Institute and joined the faculty at the Department of Physiology, Karolinska Institute in Sweden, where he subsequently became an Associate Professor, and stayed until his retirement.
Fjodor Lishajko has investigated the separation and analysis of hormones and their chemical and physiological properties. In 1971 he defended his dissertation on studies on catecholamine release and uptake in adreno-medullary storage glands and was appointed associate professor. The studies included in the dissertation and a number of other works were included in the Nobel Prize-winning research on adrenal hormones by Ulf von Euler in 1970. Important findings have been published in the journals Nature and Science. The total of 66 publications where Fjodor Lishajko is the author or co-author are cited a total of 1848 times, his h-index is 22. Of particular note are two methodological works concerning the determination of catecholamines by fluorometry, cited 199 times and 659 times, respectively.
References
1932 births
2021 deaths
Swedish biochemists
Swedish people of Ukrainian descent
People from Kamianets-Podilskyi
Karolinska Institute faculty
Thomas R. Gilmore (30 April 1825 – 9 January 1899) was an American politician.
Francis Gilmore and Sarah McBride immigrated from County Cavan to Harrison County, Ohio, where their son Thomas R. Gilmore was born on 30 April 1825. He was educated in New Athens, Ohio, and later attended Jefferson College, graduating in 1846. He then worked as a teacher, and later became a farmer. While an Ohio resident, Gilmore married his first wife, Catherine Milligan, in November 1854. She died in June 1855. Thomas and his brother Samuel moved to Mahaska County, Iowa, in 1858. Following the death of his first wife, Gilmore married the Irish-born Ellen Steele in 1860.
After James Addison Young had died in office, Gilmore was elected to the Iowa Senate for District 18 as a Republican for the first time in 1875. By 1877, Gilmore had been redistricted to District 15. Gilmore died on 9 January 1899.
References
People from Mahaska County, Iowa
1899 deaths
1825 births
American people of Irish descent
Iowa state senators
Schoolteachers from Ohio
People from Harrison County, Ohio
19th-century American educators
Farmers from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Iowa Republicans
Flies Inside the Sun were a band from New Zealand. They formed in 1993, and consisted of Kim Pieters, Peter Stapleton, Danny Butt, and Brian Crook. They were part of a prominent improvisation / noise scene which was active in New Zealand at the time, documented in magazines such as Opprobrium and compilations such as Le Jazz Non. Pieters and Stapleton had been members of the recently disbanded Dadamah along with Roy Montgomery. Their debut album, An Audience of Others (Including Herself), was released on the Kranky label in 1995. They disbanded when Brian Crook left to focus on his other project, The Renderers. They reformed in 1997 and released a self titled album on Stapleton's own Metonymic label. This was followed by a string of releases on the Metonymic label.
Discography
External links
Flies Inside the Sun profile at Kranky website
An interview with Flies Inside the Sun at Noise:NZ/Japan
New Zealand rock music groups
The 2018 European Junior & U23 Canoe Sprint Championships was the 7th edition of the European Junior & U23 Canoe Sprint Championships, an international canoe and kayak sprint event organised by the European Canoe Association, and was held in Auronzo di Cadore, Italy, between 28 June and 1 July.
Medal overview
Under 23
Men
Women
Junior
Men
Women
References
External links
Official website
Results under 23
Results juniors
European Junior & U23 Canoe Sprint Championships
European Junior & U23 Canoe Sprint Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Italy
June 2018 sports events in Italy
July 2018 sports events in Italy
Canoeing and kayaking competitions in Italy
Canoeing and kayaking competitions in Europe
Nils Middelboe (5 October 1887 – 21 September 1976) was a Danish amateur track and field athlete and football player as well as a football referee and leader. He represented the Denmark national football team at the 1908, 1912 and 1920 Summer Olympics, winning silver medals in 1908 and 1912. He was the first ever goalscorer for the Danish national football team, when he scored in Denmark's debut game at the 1908 Summer Olympics. In 1913, he moved abroad to play for English club Chelsea, and became the first foreign player to ever represent the club.
Personal life
Middelboe was an amateur footballer throughout his career. He was a qualified lawyer and during his time at Chelsea he was employed at a bank in London. He would have gained thrice the salary as solely a professional footballer than he did as a banker-cum-amateur footballer, but he was (in his own words) "by no means mad about football". So as not to interfere with his career, Middelboe played in all home games, but was not required to travel to away games while at Chelsea. Middelboe was a man of great height for his time (standing at 6 foot 2 inches), which led to the media naming him "The Great Dane". He was also well respected as a gentleman of the game. He is buried in the Cemetery of Holmen in Copenhagen.
Career
Middelboe was born in Brunnby, Sweden. He made his senior debut for Kjøbenhavns Boldklub (KB) in 1903, at the age of 16. At KB, he played alongside his older brothers Einar Middelboe and Kristian Middelboe, of whom Kristian also played for the Danish national team. From 1904 to 1913 Nils won five KBU football championships with KB, while he also excelled in athletics competitions. He was a Danish triple jump and 4 x 100 metres relay champion, and he set Danish records in the 800 metres (with a time of 2:05.2) and triple jump (13.29 m).
Occupying the half-back role, he won silver medals with Denmark in both the 1908 and 1912 Olympic Games, the latter as captain of the side. His goal against France in 1908 was the first ever goal scored by an official national team in Olympic football. Middelboe won his 11th cap for Denmark in a friendly against Sweden, at the time this made him Denmark's all-time leading appearance maker. In all, he played 15 games and scored 7 goals for the Danish national team from 1908 to 1920. The three times Middelboe played for his country while at Chelsea, he always represented KB, as opposed to Chelsea.
Nils Middelboe is renowned as the first non-British international to play for Chelsea, during his stint at the club between 1913 and 1923. Originally he had signed for Newcastle United; however, with the permission of the Newcastle Director, he switched to Chelsea. He made his debut on 15 November 1913 against Derby County at Stamford Bridge - a 2–1 win for Chelsea. As a show of faith from the players, he was appointed captain, despite never having previously played for the Chelsea first team. In all, he played 46 matches for Chelsea until 1922.
After his days at Chelsea, he played for the amateur sides of Corinthian F.C. and Casuals F.C. until 1926. In 1929 he was appointed a Director of the English League Division Three south East London based side Clapton Orient. He returned to Denmark in 1936. It was through Middelboe's contacts in English football, that English coach Edward Magner was hired to coach the Danish national team in 1939. As an interpreter, Middelboe mediated Magner's tactical instructions on the modern WM formation to the team, a formation Middelboe himself was a known critic of.
As a coach for KB, he led the team to the Danish football championship in 1940. In April 1946, Chelsea played KB in a friendly, arranged to celebrate that club's 70th anniversary. The chairman of KB announced that, owing to Middelboe's "long and happy association" with Chelsea, there was no other club they would rather be facing.
Honours
As a player
Danish championship: 1913
As a manager
Danish championship: 1940
References
Literature
Glanvill, Rick (2005). Chelsea FC: The Official Biography - The Definitive Story of the First 100 Years. Headline Book Publishing Ltd. .
Allan Nielsen, "Den Første ...", Politiken article, 6 January 1997
Neilson N. Kaufman, honorary historian, Leyton Orient Football Club -
External links
Danish national team profile
1887 births
1976 deaths
Association football midfielders
Danish footballers
Denmark international footballers
Danish male triple jumpers
Danish male sprinters
Danish male middle-distance runners
Olympic footballers of Denmark
Kjøbenhavns Boldklub players
Casuals F.C. players
Chelsea F.C. players
Corinthian F.C. players
Footballers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Footballers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Footballers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
Danish football referees
Naturalised citizens of Denmark
Expatriate footballers in England
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Danish expatriate sportspeople in England
Burials at Holmen Cemetery
Sportspeople from Frederiksberg
Herti Allmend Stadion is a multi-use stadium in Zug, Switzerland. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Zug 94 and SC Cham in 2007-08 Challenge League season. The stadium holds 4,900 people and was opened in 1979.
Football venues in Switzerland
Buildings and structures in the canton of Zug
Zug
Pugin Hall is a private house, designed as a rectory by Augustus Pugin and built in 1846–1847 in Rampisham, Dorset, England. The house is a Grade I listed building, the top category, 'of the highest significance'.
Early history
Pugin Hall was built in 1846–1847 as a replacement for the earlier rectory at Rampisham, Parsonage House, which was considered to be too dilapidated to be suitable for repair. It was one of two Churches of England rectories built by Pugin, a Catholic convert.
Historic England listing details
Pugin Hall was a major commission by the one of the most distinguished architects of the Victorian era, A.W.N. Pugin. It is a characteristic and highly influential example of one of Pugin's smaller, professional middle-class houses and is considered to be the most complete example of domestic architecture designed by him. It has an exceptionally well-preserved interior with features of high quality and is almost complete in every detail....(it) is unique as being his only commission for which a full set of detailed plans and specifications survive, produced by Pugin himself. The survival of such an unaltered house by Pugin is very rare and there is clearly no doubt at all about its exceptional importance.
Later history
The house was listed for sale in 2013 at a guide price of £1.7 million.
Gallery
References
External links
Pugin's plans for the Rectory
Report on the 2008 conservation of Pugin Hall
Real Homes article on Pugin Hall, 11 March 2019
Photograph of the Hall
Photograph of the Hall
Houses in Dorset
Grade I listed buildings in Dorset
Grade I listed houses
Wans or WANS, may refer to:
West African National Secretariat
WANS (AM 1280), a radio station in Anderson, South Carolina, United States
WJMZ-FM (107.3 FM), a radio station in Anderson, South Carolina, United States, formerly known as WANS-FM from 1963 until 1991.
Jan Baptist Martin Wans (1628–1687) Flemish Baroque painter
See also
Wan (disambiguation)
Malaya Popovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 55 as of 2002.
Geography
Malaya Popovskaya is located 2 km east of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Totma is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Mary Catherine Gnaedinger (September 28, 1897 – July 31, 1976) was an American editor of science fiction and fantasy pulp magazines.
Education and Career
Born in Brooklyn, New York as Mary Catherine Jacobson, she attended the Columbia University School of Journalism. After stints as a society reporter for the Brooklyn Eagle newspaper and work for publishing company E. P. Dutton, she spent several decades of her career working in science fiction.
Personal life
Mary Jacobson married Louis Beverley Nichol Gnaedinger (1898-1977), a Canadian from Montreal, on September 22, 1919. They probably met at the Columbia University School of Journalism, since both attended at the same time. They had one child, Arthur Beverly Gnaedinger (b. April 13, 1920). Louis B. Gnaedinger was a business reporter for the New York Times and other papers. The couple divorced, date unknown.
Editorial Work in Science Fiction
In her career as an editor, Mary Gnaedinger became the editor of the science fiction and fantasy magazines Famous Fantastic Mysteries in 1939 and Fantastic Novels in 1940, as well as A. Merritt's Fantasy Magazine.<ref name="Carter">{{cite book|last=Carter|first=Lin|title=Lin Carter Presents The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3|publisher=DAW Books|year=1977|isbn=0-87997-338-2|page=10|quote=I ... am I going to miss Mary Gnaedinger, who died at her home in the Bronx at the age of 78 ... For nearly thirty years she edited Famous Fantastic Mysteries and ... Fantastic Novels and A. Merritt's Fantasy Magazine, and did yeoman service by tirelessly getting back into print many of the best of fantastic fiction. I owe her a personal debt, for it was in the pages of her magazines that I first read the great romances of H. Rider Haggard and A. Merritt, and such unusual works as Chesterton's The Man Who Was Thursday, Hodgson's The Boats of the 'Glen Carrig''', Cutcliffe Hyne's The Lost Continent... She did good work for the cause of fantasy, and many readers beside myself are indebted to her.}}</ref> She is known as the first female lead editor of a science fiction publication.
Gnaedinger was known for ardently interacting with her readers, basing the stories she printed in the magazines she edited on their requests, and commonly praising their knowledge of science fiction. In his obituary of Gnaedinger published in 1977, fantasy and science fiction author Lin Carter wrote:
Copies of Famous Fantastic Mysteries and Fantastic Novels, including issues edited by Mary Gnaedinger, can be found in the City Tech Science Fiction Collection.
Career Timeline
1933, June: joined Newsstand Publications (aka Graham Publications) to edit Romantic Love Secrets 1934, July: after Romantic Love Secrets folds, joins Munsey as Amita Fairgrieve's asst. ed. on All-Story Magazine, a love pulp
1936, March 11: spoke at Brooklyn's First Presbyterian Church on "Religion and Magazine Fiction"
1939, October: editor of Munsey's new pulp Famous Fantastic Mysteries; it lasts until June 1953 with Gnaedinger editing
1940, May: adds Fantastic Novels to her responsibilities
1940, October: adds Sea Novel Magazine to her responsibilities; it folds after two issues
1941, April: Fantastic Novels combined with Famous Fantastic Mysteries, i.e., cancelled
1941, May: takes over Crack-Shot Western; it folds after October issue
1941, October: adds Cowboy Movie Thrillers to her responsibilities; it lasts four issues
1942, October: Popular Publications purchases Munsey magazines, retaining Gnaedinger
1942, December: adds Love Novels Magazine to her responsibilities; it lasts until September 1954
1943, May: takes over air-pulp Battle Birds; it folds after May 1944 issue
1948, March: Fantastic Novels is revived with Gnaedinger editing
1948, October: adds Captain Zero to her responsibilities; it last three issues, November 1949 to March 1950
1951, July: adds .44 Western to her responsibilities
1953, May: edits four titles, Love Novels, Detective Story, Rangeland Romance, 15 Range Romances''
External links
References
1897 births
1976 deaths
American magazine editors
Pulp magazines
Women magazine editors
The very large moth family Geometridae contains genera beginning with A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y and Z.
Those beginning with X include:
References
X
Lists of Lepidoptera genera
Beğiş is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
From the 1930s until the 1980s, the BBC kept a number of clandestine files on applicants accused by the British Security Service (MI5, some of whose agents were stationed within the BBC) of being political subversives, in particular communists or communist sympathisers. These were marked with a distinctive upwards-facing green arrow, which bore resemblance to a Christmas tree and had the effect of blacklisting a number of applicants to BBC roles.
Knowledge of these files broke in 1985 after disclosures from The Observer newspaper; by this time, the practice had ceased, but a number of files remained. These were destroyed in the 1990s following the end of the Cold War.
Process
From the late 1930s until 1984, the British Security Service (MI5) had an officer at the BBC vetting editorial applicants. During the Second World War, those deemed political subversives – particularly suspected communists or fellow travellers – were banned from the BBC. The personnel records of anyone suspicious were stamped with the legend "SECRET", a distinctively shaped green upward-facing arrow or "Christmas tree"; only a handful of BBC staff knew what the tag meant. The practice was done in secret and was publicly denied until it became public knowledge when The Observer wrote on the practice in 1985. The officer in charge of vetting at this time was Ronnie Stonham.
The "Christmas tree" practice was dropped in 1984.
One reason why the Christmas tree symbol was used may have been the fact that the tune of the Christmas carol "O Tannenbaum" is the same as that of "The Red Flag", although this was coincidental; the "Christmas tree" symbols were arrows, indicating that an individual's file should be referred to a higher level.
Michael Hodder, who worked for the vetting unit in the 1980s, told The Times that all files were destroyed in the early 1990s as the Cold War ended.
Categories
Category A: MI5 "advises that the candidate should not be employed in a post offering direct opportunity to influence broadcast material for a subversive purpose."
Category B: MI5 "advised" against employment "unless it is decided that other considerations are overriding".
Category C: The individual should not be debarred unless the post gave "exceptional opportunity" for subversive activity.
The BBC's policy was to not employ someone in Category A, although this did happen sometimes.
Organizations on the blacklist
The Communist Party of Great Britain
The Socialist Workers Party
The Workers Revolutionary Party
The Militant tendency
The National Front
The British National Party
Membership of these groups was not necessary for blacklisting; guilt by association was assumed.
People who underwent vetting
In 1940, Hugh Greene – who later became Director-General of the BBC – was one of the first to undergo its security vetting, as MI5 mistakenly suspected Greene was a communist. Other people who underwent vetting and gained the "Christmas tree" tag on their file included:
Anna Ford
Paul Gambaccini
John Goldschmidt
Richard Gott
Isabel Hilton
Alaric Jacob
Roland Joffé
Joan Littlewood
Ewan MacColl
Stephen Peet
Michael Rosen
Paul Turner
See also
BBC controversies
Orwell's list
Executive Order 9835
References
Blacklisting
BBC history
MI5
Communism in England
BBC controversies
Lee Taeg-won (born 18 February 1968) is a South Korean water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Bertram Godfray Falle, 1st Baron Portsea (21 November 1859 – 1 November 1948), known as Sir Bertram Falle, Bt, between 1916 and 1930, was a Jersey-born barrister and politician in the United Kingdom.
Background and education
Falle was born on Jersey in the Channel Islands, the son of Joshua George Falle (1820–1903), Constable of Saint Helier and later Jurat of the Royal Court of Jersey, and Mary Elizabeth (née Godfray; died 1917). He was educated at Victoria College, Jersey, and graduated in 1886 from Pembroke College, Cambridge with a Master of Laws (LL.M.) degree, having been called to the bar, Inner Temple, in 1885. In 1901 he graduated from the University of Paris with a Bachelor en droit degree.
Legal and political career
Falle was a Judge of the Native Court in Egypt from 1901 to 1903. Standing as a Liberal Unionist, he was elected as one of the two members of parliament for the Portsmouth constituency in Hampshire at the January 1910 general election. He joined the Conservative Party when the two parties formally merged in 1912, although the Liberal Unionists had long been indistinguishable from the Conservatives. During the First World War he served in the Royal Field Artillery, gaining the rank of Major. When the Portsmouth constituency was abolished for the 1918 general election, he was returned as a Coalition Conservative for the new single-seat Portsmouth North constituency. Re-elected as a Conservative in 1922, he held the seat until his elevation to the peerage in 1934. Falle was made a Baronet, of Plaisance in the Island of Jersey, on 7 July 1916. In 1934 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Portsea, of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton. The title was apparently purchased for £50,000 by his wife.
Personal life
Falle married Mary, daughter of Russell Sturgis and widow of Lt.-Col. Leopold Richard Seymour, in 1906. Russell Sturgis had made his fortune in the opium trade before joining Barings Bank and later becoming head of the bank. There were no children from the marriage. Mary died in February 1942. Lord Portsea survived her by six years and died in November 1948, aged 88. The baronetcy and barony became extinct on his death. In accordance with his wishes, his sister Albina (who died in 1957) made a bequest to the States of Jersey which became the "Lord Portsea Gift Fund". The fund assists people from the Channel Islands who are unable to obtain sufficient financial support for additional training, re-training or specialised equipment to benefit their careers in the employment of the States of Jersey or of Guernsey, or of the United Kingdom.
References
External links
1859 births
1948 deaths
People from Saint Helier
People educated at Victoria College, Jersey
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of World War I
Alumni of Pembroke College, Cambridge
University of Paris alumni
Portsea, Bertram Falle, 1st Baron
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Liberal Unionist Party MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
UK MPs 1924–1929
UK MPs 1929–1931
UK MPs 1931–1935
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Politics of Portsmouth
Peers created by George V
British expatriates in France
There's This Thing is a 2014 Children's picture book by Connah Brecon about a shy girl trying to find love.
Reception
A reviewer in The New York Times of There's This Thing wrote, "It's a refreshing reminder that it can be hard to ask for what we want, and that even introverts need love above all.".
Kirkus Reviews called the book "a muddle," and Publishers Weekly wrote that "some readers may find the girl's vaguely described longings tricky to parse."
There's This Thing has also been reviewed by School Library Journal, which suggested, "Shy children would be better served by Melanie Watts's Scaredy Squirrel Makes a Friend", and The Horn Book Magazine ("This sweet picture-book valentine with expressive and endearing digital illustrations has a subtlety of plot and theme that will elude most young children").
References
2014 children's books
Australian picture books
Philomel Books books
Janez Janša (born 6 February 1964 as Emil Hrvatin) is one of the three contemporary artists who changed their names in 2007 to Janez Janša, the name of the Slovenian centre-right politician Janez Janša. He is an editor, theatre and film director, and contemporary performing artist.
Life
He studied sociology and theatre directing at the University of Ljubljana, Slovenia and performance theory at the University of Antwerp, Belgium.
From 1999 to 2006, he was editor-in-chief and director of the journal Maska. Titles edited by him include a reader of contemporary theatre theories and a reader of contemporary dance theories.
Since 1999 he has been the director of the Maska publishing house in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
In 2007, he and other two Slovene contemporary artists, Janez Janša (performance artist) and Janez Janša (visual artist), together officially changed their names to Janez Janša, the name of the Slovenian centre-right politician Janez Janša.
In 2008, the magazine Mladina published his biography and a month later, together with Janez Janša (performance artist) and Janez Janša (visual artist), he co-edited the book NAME Readymade.
Work
He regularly curates interdisciplinary workshops around Europe and the United States and he is the initiator of the organization P.E.A.C.E. – Peacekeepers' Entertainment, Art and Cultural Exchange (with Mare Bulc).
He wrote a book on Flemish artist and theatre maker Jan Fabre. As an editor, he has published numerous essays on contemporary theatre and art, also working as a performance artist, and video and filmmaker. As performer he was involved in the improvisation project At the Table curated by Meg Stuart.
In 1998, "Cammillo – Memo 1.0: Construction of Theatre", directed by himself, was presented in Milan, Italy, at the Piccolo Teatro.
In 2000, European biennale of contemporary arts, Manifesta 3, was opened by his "Drive in Camillo".
His piece "We are all Marlene Dietrich" was performed for soldiers in peace-keeping missions (with Erna Omarsdottir).
In 2006, he made a reconstruction of the piece from 1969, "Pupilija, Papa Pupilo and the Pupilecks", presented at Slovenian National Theatre in 2007.
He created a series of performances dealing with the status of performance in neoliberal societies, such as a tear donor session and interdisciplinary artistic and research project The First World Camp. He did a reconstruction action Mount Triglav with the other two artists called Janez Janša on Mount Triglav.
In 2012, in context of Janez Janša being accused of Machiavellian political maneuvering when he took the Prime minister's seat instead of Zoran Jankovič who was relative winner at the 2011 elections, the three Janez Janšas have together filmed a documentary about the name change, My name is Janez Janša (Jaz sem Janez Janša).
In 2018, together with Janez Janša (performance artist) and Janez Janša (visual artist), he ran for office during the Slovenia national elections, as a way to confront Janez Janša, the leader of the conservative Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS) in his home district of Grosuplje. He presented about this project at the 2018 conference INFILTRATION of the Disruption Network Lab in Berlin, Germany.
Publications
1994 Jan Fabre – La discipline du chaos, le chaos de la discipline, Armand Colin, Paris.
1996 Presence, Representation, Theatricality: Maska, Ljubljana.
2001 Theories of Contemporary Dance: Maska, Ljubljana.
References
External links
Drive in Camillo, homepage of Drive in Camillo art project
Maska, homepage of Maska journal
First World Camp, about status of performance in neo-liberal societies
Homepage of the name is Janez Janša documentary film
Living people
1964 births
Croatian theatre directors
University of Ljubljana alumni
David Sánchez may refer to:
Politics
David Sánchez Juliao (1945–2011), Colombian author and diplomat
David Sánchez Camacho (born 1963), Mexican politician
David Sánchez Heredia (born 1966), Bolivian politician
David Sánchez Guevara (born 1974), Mexican politician
David Luna Sánchez (born 1975), Colombian politician
David Sanchez (activist), Chicano activist
Sports
David Sánchez (tennis) (born 1978), Spanish tennis player
David Sánchez (footballer, born 1978), Spanish footballer
David Sánchez (footballer, born 1982), Spanish football player
David Sánchez (boxer) (1992–2017), Mexican boxer
David Sánchez (weightlifter) (born 1994), Spanish weightlifter
David Sánchez (footballer, born 1998), Spanish footballer
Others
David Sánchez Morales (1925–1978), American Central Intelligence Agency operative
David Sánchez (musician) (born 1968), Puerto Rican saxophonist
See also
David Sancious (born 1953), American multi-instrumentalist, best known as keyboard and guitar player
Lost Youth () is a 1948 Italian-language drama film directed by Pietro Germi. The style of the film is close to the Italian neorealism film movement. It was remade in 1953 as the British film Black 13.
Two important future film directors, Mario Monicelli & Antonio Pietrangeli, co-wrote the script.
Cast
Jacques Sernas: Stefano
Carla Del Poggio: Luisa
Massimo Girotti: Marcello Mariani
Franca Maresa: Maria Rivano
Diana Borghese: Stella
Nando Bruno: Police commissioner
Leo Garavaglia: Manfredi
Emma Baron: Stefano's mother
Dino Maronetto: Berto
Giorgio Metrailler: Gianni
Franco Pesce: Police photographer
Michele Riccardini: Sor Giuseppe
Awards
The film won 2 Nastro d'Argento awards: Best Script, Best Best Foreign Actor in Italian Film (Jacques Sernas).
External links
1947 films
1940s Italian-language films
Italian black-and-white films
1947 drama films
Films set in Rome
Films directed by Pietro Germi
Lux Film films
Italian drama films
1940s Italian films
Damian William Jones (born June 30, 1995) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Vanderbilt Commodores. Jones was selected in the first round of the 2016 NBA draft by the Golden State Warriors with the 30th overall pick. He is a two-time NBA champion, having won both with Golden State in 2017 and 2018.
High school career
Jones attended Scotlandville Magnet High School in Baton Rouge, Louisiana where he averaged 15.4 points, 8.0 rebounds, 4.0 blocks, and 2.0 assists as a senior. He was rated by Rivals.com as a four-star recruit and committed to Vanderbilt University.
College career
In three seasons at Vanderbilt, Jones averaged 13.3 points, 6.4 rebounds, 1.69 blocks and 27.2 minutes in 99 games, garnering first-team All-SEC honors as both a sophomore and junior. Jones hit 56.6 percent from the field during his collegiate career, the third-best mark in Vanderbilt history, while finishing second on the school's all-time blocks list (167). As a junior in 2015–16, Jones averaged 13.9 points, 6.9 rebounds and 1.64 blocks in 33 games, helping Vanderbilt to their first NCAA Tournament berth since 2011–12.
On April 14, 2016, Jones declared for the NBA draft, forgoing his final year of college eligibility.
Professional career
Golden State Warriors (2016–2019)
While working out with the Orlando Magic in the lead up to the draft, Jones suffered a torn pectoral muscle in his right arm, which required surgery. Despite this, Jones was selected by the Golden State Warriors with the 30th overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft. He signed with the Warriors on July 13, and made his NBA debut on December 10 against the Memphis Grizzlies. On February 1, 2017, in his first game for the Warriors at Oracle Arena, Jones scored his first career NBA points in a 126–111 win over the Charlotte Hornets. He appeared in 10 regular-season games and four playoff games during the 2016–17 season. The Warriors were crowned champions in 2017 after defeating the Cleveland Cavaliers 4–1 in the NBA Finals. The 2017–18 season saw Jones appear in 15 regular-season games and four playoff games, as the Warriors returned to the NBA Finals, where they won their second straight championship. During his first two seasons, he received multiple assignments to the Santa Cruz Warriors, Golden State's G League affiliate.
Jones became the starting center for the Warriors in 2018–19, starting in 22 of the Warriors' first 24 games. On December 1, 2018, he suffered a torn left pectoral muscle in a 111–102 loss to the Detroit Pistons. He initially was ruled out for the season after undergoing surgery to repair the muscle. He returned to action during the Western Conference Finals. The Warriors went on to reach the 2019 NBA Finals, where they lost to the Toronto Raptors in six games.
Atlanta Hawks (2019–2020)
On July 8, 2019, Jones, along with a 2026 second-round pick, was traded to the Atlanta Hawks in exchange for Omari Spellman.
Phoenix Suns (2020–2021)
On November 30, 2020, Jones signed a 2-year deal with the Phoenix Suns. In 14 games, he averaged 1.6 points and 1.3 rebounds per game. On February 23, 2021, Jones was waived by the Suns.
Los Angeles Lakers (2021)
On February 26, 2021, Jones signed a 10-day contract with the Los Angeles Lakers. On March 11, the Lakers signed him to a second 10-day contract.
Sacramento Kings (2021–2022)
On April 7, 2021, Jones signed a 10-day contract with the Sacramento Kings and ten days later, he signed a second one. On April 28, he signed a multi-year deal with the Kings after appearing in six games, including two starts.
Return to the Lakers (2022–present)
On July 1, 2022, Jones signed with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#afe6ba;"|†
| style="text-align:left;"|Golden State
| 10 || 0 || 8.5 || .500 || || .300 || 2.3 || .0 || .1 || .4 || 1.9
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#afe6ba;"|†
| style="text-align:left;"|Golden State
| 15 || 0 || 5.9 || .500 || || .600 || .9 || .1 || .1 || .2 || 1.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Golden State
| 24 || 22 || 17.1 || .716 || || .649 || 3.1 || 1.2 || .5 || 1.0 || 5.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Atlanta
| 55 || 27 || 16.1 || .680 || .222 || .738 || 3.7 || .6 || .5 || .7 || 5.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=3|
| style="text-align:left;"|Phoenix
| 14 || 0 || 6.7 || .500 || .000 || .545 || 1.3 || .3 || .1 || .4 || 1.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|L.A. Lakers
| 8 || 6 || 14.0 || .941 || || .917 || 3.3 || .1 || .1 || .9 || 5.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 17 || 4 || 20.1 || .657 || .250 || .714 || 4.5 || 1.4 || .5 || 1.0 || 6.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 56 || 15 || 18.2 || .658 || .345 || .718 || 4.4 || 1.2 || .5 || .8 || 8.1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 199 || 74 || 15.3 || .665 || .302 || .702 || 3.4 || .8 || .4 || .7 || 5.6
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#afe6ba;"|2017†
| style="text-align:left;"|Golden State
| 4 || 0 || 5.3 || .429 || || .500 || 1.5 || .0 || .5 || .3 || 1.8
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#afe6ba;"|2018†
| style="text-align:left;"|Golden State
| 4 || 0 || 2.8 || .500 || || .667 || .8 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2019
| style="text-align:left;"|Golden State
| 4 || 1 || 2.0 || 1.000|| || .500 || .5 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 12 || 1 || 3.3 || .500 || || .571 || .9 || .0 || .2 || .1 || 1.2
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"|Vanderbilt
| 31 || 28 || 25.7 || .543 || || .545 || 5.7 || .2 || .3 || 1.4 || 11.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"|Vanderbilt
| 35 || 34 || 29.1 || .562 || .200 || .599 || 6.5 || .7 || .6 || 2.0 || 14.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;|2015–16
| style="text-align:left;|Vanderbilt
| 33 || 33 || 26.2 || .590 || .000 || .536 || 6.9 || 1.2 || .2 || 1.6 || 13.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 99 || 95 || 27.1 || .566 || .125 || .565 || 6.4 || .7 || .4 || 1.7 || 13.3
Personal life
The son of David and Dana Jones, he has two brothers, Darian and Darryl. Jones majored in engineering science.
References
External links
Vanderbilt Commodores bio
1995 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball players from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Centers (basketball)
Golden State Warriors draft picks
Golden State Warriors players
Los Angeles Lakers players
Phoenix Suns players
Sacramento Kings players
Santa Cruz Warriors players
Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball players
The Cambrian–Ordovician extinction event occurred approximately 488 million years ago (mya). This early Phanerozoic Eon extinction event eliminated many brachiopods and conodonts, and severely reduced the number of trilobite species. The Period in the Cambrian extinction in which most of the extinction occurred was the Caerfai Period.
It was preceded by the less-documented (but probably more extensive) End-Botomian extinction event around 517 million years ago and the Dresbachian extinction event about 502 million years ago.
The Cambrian–Ordovician event ended the Cambrian Period, and led into the Ordovician Period in the Paleozoic Era.
Theories
Glaciation
Depletion of oxygen in marine waters
Flood basalt event (Kalkarindji large igneous province, Australia)
Controversy
Soft-body fossils with morphology characteristic of the Cambrian have been uncovered in Morocco, dated 20 million years post-extinction. The 2010 paper by Roy, Orr, Botting, and their collaborators that announced the discovery suggests that Cambrian species persisted into the mid-Paleozoic. They argue that what had been interpreted as a Cambrian-Ordovician extinction is instead an artifact resulting from a gap in the stratigraphic record. Remains of soft-bodied animals prevalent in earlier, exceptional Cambrian fossil beds were only preserved in later, Ordovician deposits in rare places where special conditions promoted fossilization of soft bodies.
See also
End-Botomian extinction event, circa 517 mya
Dresbachian extinction event, circa 502 mya
Geologic time scale
Furongian, Late or Upper Cambrian period
Early Ordovician period
Further reading
Gradstein, Felix, James Ogg, and Alan Smith, eds., 2004. A Geologic Time Scale 2004 (Cambridge University Press).
Hallam, Anthony and Paul B. Wignall, 1997. Mass extinctions and their aftermath (Oxford University Press).
Webby, Barry D. and Mary L. Droser, eds., 2004. The Great Ordovician Biodiversification Event (Columbia University Press).
References
External links
Early Ordovician Climate
Speculated Causes For the Cambrian Extinction
Extinction events
History of climate variability and change
Furongian extinctions
Early Ordovician extinctions
{{Infobox comics character|
| image = Combatron's final armor based on the comics.jpg
| caption = Combatron's final armor based on the comics
| character_name = Combatron
| real_name = Empoy
| publisher =Funny Komiks
| debut = Funny Komiks (1992)
| creators =Berlin Manalaysay
| alliances = Askal, Axel, Metalika, Dobbernaut, General Kipper, Komikus, Death Metal
| powers = armed with Foot Blades, Space Thunder, Nuclear Eye Beams, Galactic Space sword, Galactic Phoenix
}}
Combatron is a Filipino superhero. Created by Berlin H. Manalaysay, he first appeared in Funny Komiks'' in 1992.
Plot
Origin
Empoy, an orphaned boy, witnessed a spaceship crash while visiting his parents' graves. As he approached the crash site, the door of the spaceship opened. Inside was an injured space warrior from Omnicron, a cyborg named Combatron. He came to Earth after he and his allies were branded as outlaws. Knowing that his pursuers were coming to Earth, the dying Omnicronian gave Empoy his armor and the robot dog in his employ, named Askal (Asong Mekanikal).
Earth under attack
Suddenly, Empoy realized the reason of the spaceship's crash. It was being chased by another ship containing evil cyborg aliens wearing cybernetic armors. They continued their pursuit and found earth and its inhabitants an easy target to be conquered.
Upon landing, they saw the crashed ship and found Combatron, a fight broke out and Combatron gained the upper hand. The villain returned to their base, warning Combatron that their war isn't over and earth will be conquered.
After then, a series of enemies appear to try to defeat Combatron. He defeats them all, until their leader appears. Combatron was defeated by the leader Abo-dawn, and withdraws to get help. Combatron decides to head for Omicron, the homeworld of the Space Warriors. On the way, he was intercepted by Bogus, a subordinate of Abo-dawn who is a master of illusions and was trapped in a video-game resembling various popular video-games. But an all-out attack from Combatron destroys Bogus and neutralizes the illusion.
A double agent under the alias of Komikus secretly aids Combatron in his struggles. Combatron acquires new powers and allies. He then challenges the leader to a rematch and defeats him. But just when it seems the battles are over a new threat appears in the name of Death Metal.
New Allies
Even before the time of Death Metal's emergence, Combatron has lost his first dog sidekick, Askal, to a villain called Diaconda. He was then replaced by Dobbernaut. Two allies of similar armours also emerged. Axel, in green, and Metallica, in red/pink.
Unstoppable Death Metal
Death Metal is revealed to be the reborn Alchitran, rendered indestructible after being transformed from a comet impact. Searching for revenge against Abo-Dawn and with indirect hostilities against Combatron, Death Metal throws the galaxy into a three-way battle of supremacy.
The new villain also mustered new allies, Quietus, Bracagon, and Helvetica. The sides of war were quickly reduced to two as Abo-Dawn and his forces were easily dealt with by Death Metal. Combatron and his allies, despite fighting valiantly, were also defeated by Death Metal. Combatron used the vortex he was previously sucked into during the battle with a previous enemy (Caligula) and trapped Death Metal temporarily.
Upgrades
Combatron and company took advantage of their precious time and repaired themselves. Combatron himself underwent an upgrade with hip disks and torso as the most noticeable features. Galactic Thunder and Galactic Phoenix were added powers that would prove useful further on their battles.
Round 2 and the "Bigger Enemy"
Metallica, on her way to the comet where Alchitran's original body is to be found, was captured by an even newer threat; a planet that calls himself Megadeath.
Meanwhile, Combatron engaged Death Metal once again. This time around, the battle was more of a stalemate. Their fight, however, was interrupted by a strange light that transferred them directly to the planetoid being; Megadeath, who wanted the two combatants to bow to him. With a common enemy, Combatron and Death Metal vowed allegiance to each other.
Allies
Askal
General Kipper
Dobbernaut
Axel
Metalika
Komikus
Death Metal
Pyrolactus
Mechababe
Armorgeddon
Enemies
Space Warriors
Baragasor
Caligulus
Mauicus
Octopay (With Alchitran as the pilot)
Dakhro
Diaconda
Robot Hunter Caligun
Bogus
Abodawn – leader of the Space Warriors
Baracasor
Bulolicus
Komikus (before he joined Combatron)
Abodawn
Death Metal
Death Metal (formerly Alchitran;before he joined Combatron)
Manticron
Hellvetica
Quietus
Bracagon
Megadeath
Mega Death
Genocide (formerly Quietus)
Evola (formerly Hellvetica)
Baal
Renjardus
Power and Abilities
Combatron possess an array of powers and abilities that were regarded as some of the most powerful in the universe.
Omega Laser
Nuclear Eye Beam
Space Thunder
Teleporter Punch
Galactic Phoenix (after the upgrade)
Galactic Space Strike
Weapons
Combatron Foot Blade
Combatron Hip Disc
Galactic Space Sword
Galactic Phoenix
Space Thunder
Berlin Manalaysay's Combatron: The Card Game (2018)
Based on the description of the publisher, the game was based on the one of the most popular comic strips of the 90's from the Philippines legendary "Funny Komiks".
Players choose to fight for good or space domination by picking one of the Space Warriors and their arsenal - Combatron, Metalika, Death Metal or Abodawn.
On a turn a player had to play one card (Power or Assist) and based on what players play, the action will take place.
Power vs Power - Player with the highest total power wins and deals damage to opponent
Power vs Assist - No Damage will be dealt but card effects will still trigger
Assist vs Assist - Both cards will cancel out each others effects.
Each damage will make a Space Warrior more powerful, a 3rd one will bring them their Ultimate! A player must deal 4 damages to defeat their opponent.
A player wins the game by being the last one standing and by then they will be called as the most powerful Space Warrior!
Unfinished story
On December 15, 1997, Combatron was shut down by Pilipino Funny Komiks Publisher Islas Filipinas Publishing due to excessive violence.
Interview on Kapuso Mo Jessica Soho - October 12, 2014
"Combatron was shut down because Berlin Manalaysay became busy with his work in advertising."
The Real Ending
Finally after twenty (20) years, the closure to the story was released into a 2-part colored limited edition comic book. Part 1 was released on 2018 and lastly, part 2 which was titled "The Galactic End" (also an Augmented Reality 56-page comic) was released on 2019.
Collected editions
See also
List of Filipino superheroes
References
External links
Project Combatron
Combatron Facebook Page
Combatron at International Catalogue of Superheroes
Combatron at Comic Vine
Comics characters introduced in 1990
Superheroes
Filipino superheroes
Filipino comics characters
Ephedra aspera is a species of Ephedra known by the common names rough jointfir, boundary ephedra, and pitamoreal. It is native to the southwestern United States from California to Texas and parts of northern Mexico as far south as Zacatecas. It is a resident of varied woodland and scrub plant communities.
Description
Ephedra aspera is a highly branched shrub often exceeding in height made up of many long yellow-gold twigs. Its small leaves are just a few millimeters long. Male plants bear pollen cones 4 to 7 millimeters long. Female plants may be darker to reddish in color, bearing seed cones which are slightly larger than those of the male plant and contain only one seed each.
Shrubs are 0.5--1.5 m in length. Bark is gray, cracked and fissured. Branches are opposite or whorled, rigid, angle of divergence is about 30°. Twigs are pale to dark green, becoming yellow with age, not viscid, slightly to strongly scabrous, with numerous longitudinal grooves; internodes are 1--6 cm in length. Terminal buds conic, 1--2 mm, apex obtuse. Leaves opposite (rarely in whorls of 3), 1--3(--5) mm, connate to 1/2--7/8 their length; bases thickened, brown, shredding with age, ± persistent; apex obtuse. Pollen cones 2 (rarely 1 or whorled) at node, obovoid, 4--7 mm, sessile or rarely on short peduncles; bracts opposite, 6--10 pairs, yellow to red-brown, obovate, 3--4 × 2--3 mm, membranous; bracteoles slightly exceeding bracts; sporangiophores 4--5 mm, 1/2 exserted, with 4--6 sessile to short-stalked (less than 1 mm) microsporangia. Seed cones usually 2 at node, ovoid, 6--10 mm, sessile or on short, scaly peduncles; bracts opposite, 5--7 pairs, circular, 4--7 × 2--4 mm, membranous, with red-brown thickened center and base, margins entire. Seed 1, ellipsoid, 5--8 × 2--4 mm, light brown to brown, smooth to slightly scabrous.
References
External links
Ephedra aspera Herbarium Specimen (CalPhotos)
aspera
North American desert flora
Flora of Mexico
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Chihuahuan Desert
Flora of the Sonoran Deserts
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Miyamori Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 25.1 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has one island platform connected to the station building by an underground passage. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Miyamori Station opened on 23 November 1915 as a station on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The line was nationalized in 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. A new station building was completed in 2106.
Surrounding area
Miyamori Post Office
former Miyamori village hall
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Orhanköy, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
John Southward (1840–1902) was an English writer on printing and typography,
Life
Born on 28 April 1840, he was son of Jackson Southward, a printer in Liverpool from Corney, Cumberland, by Margaret Proud of Enniscorthy, County Wexford. After education at the Liverpool Collegiate Institution, he gained practical knowledge of printing in his father's office on Pitt Street, Liverpool. At 17 he began editorial work with the Rev. Abraham Hume on the Liverpool Philosophical Magazine; and from November 1857 to 1865, when it folded, he ran the Liverpool Observer, the first local penny weekly, which was printed by Jackson Southward. On the failure of the paper John Southward went to London, and was reader for Cox & Wyman (until 1868) and then for Eyre & Spottiswoode.
Southward was interested in philanthropic work, and in 1888 founded and edited for a short time a monthly paper called Charity. During his later years he resided at Streatham. He died in St. Thomas's Hospital, Westminster, after an operation, on 9 July 1902, and was buried in Norwood cemetery.
Works
In 1868 Southward travelled in Spain for a firm of English watchmakers, crossing the country, visiting newspaper offices, and collecting copies of serial publications. He wrote up his experiences in four articles in the Printers' Register in 1869. Further contributions followed, and from February 1886 till June 1890 he edited the paper. He also contributed to other trade organs, and in 1891 took over from Andrew Tuer the Paper and Printing Trades Journal. This publication he left in 1893.
Southward became recognised as an authority on the history and processes of printing. His Dictionary of Typography and its Accessory Arts, first issued as monthly supplements to the Printers' Register, was published in book form in 1872. It was printed simultaneously in the Philadelphia Printers' Circular, and formed the basis of John Luther Ringwalt's American Encyclopædia of Printing. A revised edition appeared in 1875.
Practical Printing: a Handbook of the Art of Typography, a larger work, which also first appeared in the Printers' Register, came out in 1882, and became a standard textbook. Southward prepared revised editions in 1884 and 1887. The fourth and fifth editions (1892 and 1900) were edited by Arthur Powell. Southward's Progress in Printing and the Graphic Arts during the Victorian Era (illustrated) appeared in 1897. Modern Printing, which Southward edited with other experts, in four illustrated sections between 1898 and 1900, was designed to be a reference book for the printing-office and a manual of instruction, and was adopted as a textbook.
Among Southward's other publications were: Authorship and Publication, a technical guide for authors (1881), and Artistic Painting (1892). He contributed the article "Modern Typography" to the ninth edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica, and also wrote technical articles for Chambers's Encyclopædia. The Bibliography of Printing, issued under the names of Edward Clements Bigmore and C. W. H. Wyman (3 vols. 1880-6), was to a large extent his work.
Family
Southward was twice married. His first wife, Rachel Clayton of Huddersfield, by whom he had three sons and four daughters, died in 1892. His second wife, Alice, widow of J. King, whom he married in 1894, survived him.
Notes
Attribution
External links
Practical printing, 2nd edition, 1884, hathitrust.org
1840 births
1902 deaths
Writers from Liverpool
English male writers
Kuruçeşme is a village in the Nilüfer district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Nilüfer District
Axel Olav Kolle (born 24 January 1973) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder.
He is a son of footballer , and started his youth career in a small club named Cicignon. He then came through SFK Lyn's youth ranks, and in 1987 he trained with Sampdoria. He was also a sporadic Norway youth international.
He made his senior debut in the 1991 Norwegian Premier League, playing one game. In 1991, he went on loan to Fredrikstad FK, and in 1992 to Bærum SK. From 1993 to 1995 he played for Lyn again, and scored 24 goals in 63 league games. From 1996 to 2000 he played for Stabæk Fotball, scoring 10 goals in 109 league games. He won the Norwegian Football Cup 1998. He returned to Lyn ahead of the 2001 season, did not play because of injury, then retired, but returned briefly to play two games in 2003.
After a long hiatus, in 2010 he signed for low-level team Bærumsløkka FK together with Jan-Derek Sørensen and Glenn Hartmann.
Honours
Stabæk: 1998 Norwegian Football Cup champion
References
1973 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fredrikstad
Norwegian footballers
Norway youth international footballers
Norway under-21 international footballers
Lyn Fotball players
Fredrikstad FK players
Bærum SK players
Stabæk Fotball players
Association football midfielders
Nemesis is a tragedy in four acts written by Alfred Nobel, who founded the Nobel Prizes.
The play, which is in prose, was written shortly before his death in 1896 and printed while he was dying. Following Nobel's death the entire printed edition was destroyed, except for three copies. The first surviving edition (bilingual Swedish–Esperanto) was published in Sweden in 2003. It has been translated to Slovenian via the Esperanto version. Since 2005 it exists in Italian. In 2008 it was translated into French and Spanish and in 2010 it was published in a bilingual Russian–Esperanto edition.
The first, and so far the only, production was at the Intima theatre in Stockholm in 2005.
The play is based on the story of Beatrice Cenci, an Italian noblewoman, who was executed after a plot to murder her father in 1599.
References
1896 plays
Alfred Nobel
Swedish plays
Plays set in the 16th century
Plays set in Italy
Plays based on real people
Cultural depictions of Beatrice Cenci
James E. Tierney (born April 12, 1947) is an American lawyer, lecturer in law at Harvard Law School, and founding director of State AG, an educational resource on the office of state attorney general. He served as Attorney General of Maine from 1980 until 1990.
At 25, Tierney was elected to the Maine House of Representatives as a Democrat from Lisbon, Maine. After eight years in the Maine Legislature, where he was elected Majority Leader at the age of 29, Tierney became the Maine Attorney General. He served in that capacity for ten years during which time he was active on a wide variety of state and national issues. In 1986 Tierney ran as the Democratic Nominee against John R. Mckernan in Maine's Gubernatorial Election. Tierney lost by over 40,000 votes. After leaving office of Attorney General in 1990, he began a career as a consultant to attorneys general. In December 1992 he was named as special attorney general to investigate misconduct allegations on the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. Tierney has been characterized by state attorneys general and the media as "America's 51st Attorney General."
From 2000 to 2016, Tierney was the Director of the National State Attorneys General Program at Columbia Law School. In 2006, Columbia students recognized him as the Public Interest Law Professor of the Year.
Since 2016, he has been a lecturer in law at Harvard Law School where he teaches on the role of state attorneys general while directing the Harvard Attorney General clinic. He has written extensively on a wide range of topics, such as the often volatile relationship between state AGs and their governors.
Tierney is quoted widely on the operations of the office of state attorney general. He is a frequent speaker at meetings of the National Association of Attorneys General (NAAG). Tierney has been a regular commentator on Court TV (TruTV) since its founding in 1991. In that capacity, he has commented on a wide range of trials from the celebrated cases of the early 1990s to the recent military tribunals in Guantanamo Bay.
Tierney may be best known as one of the key strategists in the state cases against the tobacco industry in reclaiming Medicaid payments paid out for tobacco-related disease.
Tierney also has advised officials in Eastern Europe's emerging democracies, has supervised national elections in Bulgaria, Cameroon, Croatia and Albania, and was special counsel in the investigation of alleged corruption within the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.
Tierney, a graduate of the University of Maine School of Law, married author and fellow Maine native Elizabeth Strout in 2011.
References
1947 births
Living people
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Maine Attorneys General
Maine Democrats
University of Maine School of Law alumni
People from Lisbon, Maine
Majority leaders of the Maine House of Representatives
Wasserstein Fellows
The Pretenders are a lost 1916 American silent film. It was produced by B. A. Rolfe and distributed by Metro Pictures with a story by Channing Pollock. Stage actress Emmy Wehlen starred.
Cast
References
External links
1916 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films directed by George D. Baker
1916 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
American black-and-white films
1916 lost films
Lost comedy-drama films
1910s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). In NJPW, he is a former one-time IWGP Tag Team Champion and a two-time World Tag League winner with Togi Makabe.
Professional wrestling career
Big Japan Pro Wrestling and All Japan Pro Wrestling (1997–2007)
During his second year of high school, Honma initially had aspirations of joining the New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) dojo and took part in a tryout, but was unsuccessful and sought training elsewhere. He eventually trained with Michinoku Pro Wrestling for 1 year, but did not debut in Michinoku Pro and instead spent his early career in Big Japan Pro Wrestling (BJW), debuting for the promotion in May 1997. After spending time wrestling in opening matches for the promotion, Honma began to compete in BJW's deathmatch division. While a part of BJW, he became the first wrestler to use a lightube in a match, an item that has since become synonymous with deathmatch wrestling worldwide. In October 2000, Honma left BJW after disagreements with company management.
After touring with various independent promotions such as IWA Japan, Onita Pro, and Rainbow Pro, Honma debuted in All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) on November 24, 2001, against Nobukazu Hirai. Honma was invited by owner Motoko Baba to join the promotion, and signed a full-time contract with the company in March 2002. In February 2003, he formed Turmeric Storm with Kazushi Miyamoto, but the team later disbanded on April 20, 2004, after losing a trial series.
In 2005, Honma became affiliated with Kensuke Sasaki's Kensuke Office agency in an effort to further improve his career. A severe neck injury kept him out of action throughout much of early 2006, but he returned in March of that same year. Honma announced his departure from AJPW on April 28, 2006, and became a freelancer. Throughout 2006, he worked for Pro Wrestling Zero1-Max and King's Road, where he reformed Turmeric Storm with Kazushi Miyamoto. On September 24, 2006, Tomoaki Honma and Jun Kasai won Apache Pro-Wrestling Army's WEW World Tag Team Championship from Takashi Sasaki and Badboy Hido. The team vacated the championship on February 20, 2007.
New Japan Pro-Wrestling
GBH and departure (2006–2013)
Throughout 2006, Honma appeared in New Japan Pro-Wrestling's (NJPW) Wrestle Land sub-brand as "Makai Masked Canadian", a masked member of the Makai Club faction. Honma participated in the 2007 New Japan Cup tournament, falling to veteran Takashi Iizuka in his first round match. Prior to the match, Honma expressed interest in joining Hiroyoshi Tenzan's GBH faction, and was allowed to join after making a positive impression on Tenzan; however, Tenzan became disenchanted with Honma's difficulty in gaining victories, so he forced Honma to pass through a trial series to prove that he belongs in GBH. After ending his trial series with a losing record, Honma was initially kicked out of GBH but was allowed to remain in the group, after Togi Makabe took over the group's leadership. In April 2009, Honma showed his loyalty to Makabe by remaining in GBH after the other members of the group left to form the Chaos faction with Shinsuke Nakamura.
On December 23, 2011, Honma received a rare championship opportunity, when he challenged for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship in the main event of a NJPW show at Korakuen Hall, losing to champion Masato Tanaka at the end of a 23 minute bout. On March 28, 2012, New Japan announced that the promotion had released Honma from his contract due to a "personal problem". Following his release from NJPW, Honma returned to AJPW on September 8, 2012, where he remained for the rest of the year and much of early 2013. In March 2013, Honma began appearing in Pro Wrestling Noah, where he took part in the 2013 Global Tag League with Akitoshi Saito. The duo finished the tournament with one win and two points.
Return and injury (2013–2017)
On March 23, 2013, Honma returned to NJPW, saving Togi Makabe from Chaos. It was later revealed that Honma would be working for NJPW full-time as a freelancer. The reunited GBH had their first match back together on April 7 at Invasion Attack, where they were defeated by Masato Tanaka and Yujiro Takahashi in a tag team match. On May 3 at Wrestling Dontaku 2013, Honma unsuccessfully challenged Tanaka for the NEVER Openweight Championship. Honma received another shot at the title a year later at Wrestling Dontaku 2014, but was again defeated by the defending champion, Tomohiro Ishii. From July 21 to August 8, 2014, Honma took part in his first G1 Climax as a late replacement for an injured Kota Ibushi, losing all ten of his matches and finishing last in his block. Honma's struggle in the tournament made him one of the most popular wrestlers in all of NJPW, creating a movement called "Honmania". In November, Honma took part in the 2014 World Tag League, alongside Togi Makabe. The two finished last in their block with a record of three wins and four losses. The series of losses built to a big win on January 4, 2015, at Wrestle Kingdom 9 in Tokyo Dome, where Honma, Hiroyoshi Tenzan and Satoshi Kojima defeated Bullet Club's Bad Luck Fale, Jeff Jarrett and Yujiro Takahashi, with Honma pinning Takahashi for the win. On February 14 at The New Beginning in Sendai, Honma replaced an ill Togi Makabe in a match for the now vacant NEVER Openweight Championship, but was defeated by Tomohiro Ishii. During July and August, Honma took part in the 2015 G1 Climax. After losing his first seven matches in the tournament, Honma finally picked up his first ever win in the tournament over Tomohiro Ishii on August 12. After losing his final match against Yujiro Takahashi, Honma again finished last in his block with a record of one win and eight losses. Honma's win over Ishii led to him unsuccessfully challenging Ishii for the NEVER Openweight Championship on November 7 at Power Struggle. In December, Honma and Makabe won their block in the 2015 World Tag League with a record of four wins and two losses, advancing to the finals of the tournament.
On December 9, Honma and Makabe defeated Los Ingobernables de Japón (Evil and Tetsuya Naito) in the finals to win the 2015 World Tag League. On January 4, 2016, at Wrestle Kingdom 10 in Tokyo Dome, Honma won his first title in NJPW, when he and Makabe defeated Bullet Club's Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson for the IWGP Tag Team Championship. They made their first successful title defense on February 14 at The New Beginning in Niigata in a rematch against Gallows and Anderson. The following week, Honma took part in the NJPW and Ring of Honor (ROH) co-produced Honor Rising: Japan 2016 event, unsuccessfully challenging Jay Lethal for the ROH World Championship in the main event of the second show on February 20. Honma and Makabe lost the IWGP Tag Team Championship to Guerrillas of Destiny (Tama Tonga and Tanga Loa) on April 10 at Invasion Attack 2016. On July 3, Honma unsuccessfully challenged Katsuyori Shibata for the NEVER Openweight Championship. From July 22 to August 13, Honma took part in the 2016 G1 Climax, where he finished with a record of three wins and six losses. In November, Honma participated on the Revolution Pro Wrestling (RPW) and NJPW co-produced Global Wars UK event, where he defeated Sha Samuels on the first night, but lost to Josh Bodom on the second night.
In December, Honma and Makabe advanced to the finals of the 2016 World Tag League by winning their block with a record of five wins and two losses. On December 10, Honma and Makabe defeated the reigning IWGP Tag Team Champions Guerrillas of Destiny to win the 2016 World Tag League, becoming the first ever team to win the tournament in two consecutive years. On January 4, 2017, at Wrestle Kingdom 11 in Tokyo Dome, Honma and Makabe took part in a three-way match for the IWGP Tag Team Championship, which was won by Tomohiro Ishii and Toru Yano.
On March 3, Honma was injured during a match, while taking a rope-hung DDT from Jado. Following the move, Honma could not get up and the match was immediately stopped, before he was taken backstage on a stretcher. Reportedly, Honma was able to speak and move his head, but not his arms or legs. The following day, NJPW announced that Honma had injured his cervical vertebrae. On March 6, it was announced that Honma had regained movement in his lower extremities and could grasp objects with his hands. Honma vowed to recover from the injury and return to the ring. On March 31, Honma announced he had successfully undergone surgery on his spinal canal. The following month, Honma stated he was looking to return to the ring in the fall of 2017. He was discharged in June after spending three and a half months in the hospital.
Return from injury (2018–present)
On June 3, 2018, it was announced that Honma would make his return to the ring later that month. Honma returned on June 23, teaming with Hiroshi Tanahashi, Togi Makabe, Ryusuke Taguchi, and Toa Henare to defeat Los Ingobernables de Japón (Tetsuya Naito, Evil, Hiromu Takahashi, Sanada, and Bushi).
On March 19, 2019, he appeared in the first match of the New Japan Cup in a team consisting of Yota Tsuji, Ren Narita, and Shota Umino.
On October 28, 2020, Honma scored his first victory since returning from injury in 2018 when he pinned Gedo in a six-man tag team match after a Kokeshi. He was teaming alongside Kota Ibushi and Hiroshi Tanahashi while also taking on Bullet Club (Jay White and Kenta).
Personal life
Honma's characteristically hoarse voice is the result of crushed vocal chords, a problem also suffered by fellow wrestlers Shachihoko Boy, Kohei Sato and Genichiro Tenryu. This actually was a result of a stiff lariat delivered by wrestler Rikiya Fudo during a tag team match between Honma and Kazushi Miyamoto against Fudo and Hirotaka Yokoi on May 28, 2006. According to Miyamoto, Honma would constantly vomit blood after the match in the locker room
In November 2015, Honma's former girlfriend of 18 years, fellow professional wrestler Kiyoko Ichiki, accused him of domestic violence over the past four years. Honma denied the accusation, instead claiming that he was abused by her and stating that he was seeking legal action against her for trying to damage his career.
Since August 2017, Honma has been married to a woman named Chie.
Championships and accomplishments
Apache Pro-Wrestling Army
WEW World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Jun Kasai
Big Japan Pro Wrestling
BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
BJW Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Shadow WX (1) and Ryuji Yamakawa (1)
Maximum Tag League (1999, 2000) - with Ryuji Yamakawa
New Japan Pro-Wrestling
IWGP Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Togi Makabe
World Tag League (2015, 2016) – with Togi Makabe
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 226 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2018
Tokyo Sports
Technique Award (2015)
References
External links
Living people
Japanese male professional wrestlers
1976 births
Sportspeople from Yamagata Prefecture
People from Higashine, Yamagata
IWGP Heavyweight Tag Team Champions
WEW World Tag Team Champions
20th-century professional wrestlers
21st-century professional wrestlers
BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Champions
BJW Tag Team Champions
Franklin High School is a public high school in Seattle, Washington,
located in its Mount Baker neighborhood and administered by Seattle Public Schools.
As of the 2014–15 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,315 students and 65.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 20.2:1. There were 676 students (51.4% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 206 (15.7% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History and facilities
Franklin High School opened its doors in September 1912 and was Seattle's second purpose-built high school, after Seattle High School. Designed by architect Edgar Blair in a neo-Classical style, it was constructed of reinforced concrete and sited on . Expansions in 1925 by school district architect Floyd Naramore saw the site expanded to , in 1942 to , and in 1958 with a major addition by architect John W. Maloney that obscured the front facade of the building.
In 1986, the Seattle School Board voted to tear down the building, in part due to the cost of required seismic upgrades, which resulted in major protests by students, alumni, and the public. The Seattle's Landmarks Preservation Board designated the school as an official landmark which prevented its demolition.
As part of a major renovation by Bassetti Architects in 1988–90, the 1958 addition was demolished, the school was seismically upgraded and historically restored. New additions and renovations included a new student commons, classrooms and science labs, art studios, vocational tech labs, an auditorium and stage, and a media center. Awards for this renovation included the 2001 Washington Trust for Historic Preservation, Award of Merit; 1991 AIA Seattle, Award of Commendation; and 1991 Association of King County Historical Organization, Project Award.
The school is noted for its diversity, including having a plurality of Asian descent in its student body.
Academies
Franklin High School's curriculum is divided into 5 academies, the 9th Grade Academy and four Small Learning Communities for the 10–12th Grade students: Academy of Finance (AOF), and John Stanford Public Service Academy (PSA), Humanities, and CREATE Academy. Each academy specializes in a particular study with their own mission statement and required classes.
Academy of Finance
The Academy of Finance is an integrated social study and language arts program supported by the nationally recognized and represented National Academy Foundation. Students study world history and literature from the point of view of trade and economic development. By combining accounting, social studies, and language arts, the Academy of Finance develops skills needed in the business environment. Mastery of technology, knowledge of available resources, and good communication are prioritized.
John Stanford Public Service and Political Science Academy
The John Stanford Public Service and Political Science Academy (PSA), founded in 2000, is a college preparatory small learning community (SLC) that offers students a rigorous 3 year academic program that meets and exceeds state standards for Language Arts and Social Studies. State standards in LA and Social Studies are overlaid with an emphasis on the role of the public sector in societies, past and present. PSA students are challenged to develop their critical thinking skills and to develop their own vision of the role that they and their government should take in confronting the opportunities and problems of their local, national, and international communities. The PSA combines Public Service and Political Science (the study of law, government and NGOs, history, political systems, etc.).
Humanities
The Humanities are also a college preparatory academy. This academy is considered the best academy in Franklin High School's history. The classes consist of integrated Language Arts and Social Studies classes with special emphasis on project-based learning, the history of art and culture, and rigorous skills and content development. The Humanities program covers history through the lens of humanism starting in the Italian Renaissance and following through to modern times.
CREATE Academy
The CREATE Academy focuses on three subject: math, language arts, and woodshop. The approach is to relate these subjects to the different aspects of the building trades to prepare students for both university studies and work in the trades.
National recognition
Franklin won the National High School Mock Trial Championship in 2000 and again in 2018. It is one of only five schools in the country to have won the championship twice, and the only school to do so with more than a year between victories.
Notable alumni
Athletics
Mario Bailey – University of Washington wide receiver, selected in 1992 NFL Draft by the Houston Oilers
Bruno Boin – UW basketball player
Aaron Brooks – NBA point guard, Minnesota Timberwolves
Jesse Chatman – NFL running back 2002-08
Corey Dillon – NFL running back, Cincinnati Bengals and New England Patriots; 1997 NFL draft, played one season at UW in 1996.
Fritz Greenlee – NFL linebacker
James Hasty – NFL cornerback; New York Jets, Kansas City Chiefs, and Oakland Raiders; 1988 to 2001
John Hoffman – former MLB player (Houston Astros)
Bill Hutchinson – captain of UW baseball team; surgeon who founded Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center; class of 1927
Fred Hutchinson – MLB pitcher and manager, namesake of Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center; class of 1937
Bruce Jarvis – UW and NFL center; 1971 NFL Draft, Buffalo Bills
Trent Johnson – head coach of TCU Horned Frogs men's basketball team, formerly with LSU, Stanford, and Nevada
Terry Metcalf – NFL running back, 1973 NFL Draft, St. Louis Cardinals
Rick Noji – UW track and field star, six-time All-American
Aaron Pierce – UW and NFL tight end; 1992 NFL Draft, New York Giants
Ryan Phillips – CFL defensive back, BC Lions
Ron Santo – MLB third baseman, Chicago Cubs; five Gold Gloves; an all-time top ten athlete from Seattle named by Sports Illustrated; broadcaster; diagnosed with diabetes at age 20; voted into Baseball Hall of Fame in
Peyton Siva – professional basketball player for Alba Berlin; former NBA point guard, Detroit Pistons
Alvin Snow – professional basketball player; first All-American basketball player at Eastern Washington University in Cheney
Dewey Soriano - owner of Seattle Pilots in their only Major League Baseball season
Brice Taylor – first All-American football player at USC in 1925; born without a left hand and orphaned at age 5
Jason Terry – former professional basketball player, 2011 champion, and assistant coach for the Utah Jazz
Kenji Yamada – two-time U.S. National Judo champion
Tony Zackery – NFL cornerback, University of Washington
Performing arts
Kenny G - Jazz musician, 25th-highest selling artist in America by the RIAA (as of 2003) and the 1994 recipient of a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition for "Forever in Love". He jokes that it was in Franklin that he had his first sax solo and his first kiss and it is hard to decide which was more important.
Ari Glass - Painter
Amy Hill - Actress
John Keister - Comedian, writer, commentator and motivational speaker
Michael Leavitt (artist) - visual artist, sculptor and toy designer.
Dave Lewis - Key figure in the creation of the Northwest sound in the rock'n'roll years; popularized Louie Louie and played a key role in desegregating the Seattle music scene.
Keye Luke - Actor known for playing Lee Chan in the Charlie Chan films, the original Kato in the 1939-1941 The Green Hornet film serials, and Master Po in the television series Kung Fu.
Mark Morris - Modern American dancer, choreographer and director, founder of the Mark Morris Dance Group; Director of Dance at Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie, Belgium's national opera house; co-founder of the White Oak Dance Project. A Fellow of the MacArthur Foundation (1991), 2010 recipient of the Leonard Bernstein Lifetime Achievement Award for the Elevation of Music in Society, recipient of eleven honorary doctorates.
Others
Lewis Albanese - Medal of Honor recipient during the Vietnam War.
Lynda Barry - Cartoonist and author.
Royal Brougham - Journalist, news editor, and philanthropist. As an editor for the student paper in 1920, he suggested the school's teams be named "Quakers".
Horace R. Cayton, Jr. (1903-1970) - Sociologist.
Ron Chew - Community organizer and historian.
Larry Gossett - Politician. He was arrested for unlawful assembly during a March 29, 1968 sit-in at Franklin High School.
George H. Hitchings - American chemist. He shared the 1988 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering important principles in drug treatment leading to new drugs to treat diseases which include leukemia, malaria, herpes virus infections, and gout.
Ed Lee - Mayor of San Francisco.
Gary Locke - Chinese-American politician. 10th U.S. Ambassador to China (2011–2014), U.S. Secretary of Commerce (2009–2011), Governor of Washington (1997–2005), King County Executive (1994–1997), Washington House of Representatives (1983–1994).
Alfred M. Moen - founder of Moen Incorporated and inventor of the single-handed mixing faucet.
Everett Nordstrom - chairman and CEO of Nordstrom.
Scott Oki - Former senior vice-president of sales and marketing for Microsoft, founder of the non-profit Oki Foundation.
Noah Purcell, attorney and as Solicitor General of Washington since 2013
Franklin Raines - Associate director for economics and government in the Office of Management and Budget and assistant director of the White House Domestic Policy Staff from 1977 to 1979, a partner at Lazard Freres and Co., former Vice Chairman and former CEO of Fannie Mae, Director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget in the Clinton Administration.
Ralph Julian Rivers - the first congressman from Alaska.
James Sakamoto (1903–1955), journalist and community organizer.
Bell M. Shimada (1922-1958, class of 1939), fisheries scientist who pioneered the study of the tuna fishery in the tropical Pacific Ocean.
Mark Sidran (born 1951, class of 1969), former Seattle City Attorney
Victor Steinbrueck (1911-1985), architect who contributed to the design of the Space Needle and fought to preserve significant historical landmarks of Seattle, including the Pike Place Market; November 2 is Steinbrueck Day in Seattle.
Girmay Zahilay, politician and county councilmember
See also
List of Seattle landmarks
References
External links
OSPI School Report Card, 2010-11
GreatSchools.net
AIA Seattle Honor Awards
Educational institutions established in 1920
Franklin
Landmarks in Seattle
Public high schools in Washington (state)
Seattle Public Schools
1920 establishments in Washington (state)
Sir Michael John Stevens, (born 1958) is a British accountant and courtier.
Stevens was born in Southampton in 1958 and attended the University of Birmingham.
He worked for the accountants KPMG from 1979 to 1995, when he joined the Royal Collection Trust as Finance Director; in 2002, he became its Managing Director. In 2007 he was appointed Deputy Treasurer to the Queen and from 2011, he held this office jointly with that of Deputy Keeper of the Privy Purse. In 2018, he was promoted to Keeper of the Privy Purse, Treasurer to the Queen and Receiver-General of the Duchy of Lancaster, succeeding Sir Alan Reid.
For his services to the Royal Household and the Queen, Stevens was appointed a Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order in 2002 and promoted, firstly to Commander in 2009, and then to Knight Commander in 2017. He has also received the Queen Elizabeth II Version of the Royal Household Long and Faithful Service Medal in 2015 for 20 years of service to the British Royal Family.
References
Living people
1958 births
British accountants
Members of the British Royal Household
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Uzunova, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Park Cho-rong (born March 3, 1991), better known mononymously as Chorong, is a South Korean singer, songwriter and actress. She is best known as the leader of the South Korean girl group Apink.
Early life
Park Cho-rong was born in Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, South Korea on March 3, 1991. She is a middle child, having an older and a younger sister. As a daughter of a Hapkido master and academy owner, Park was trained in the said martial art for eight years. She trained from her first year in elementary school until her third year of junior high; she is a holder of a third degree black belt. During her school days, Park had attended Byungsul Kindergarten, Bukang Elementary School, Bukang Middle High School, and Choongbook High School.
Park auditioned for JYP Entertainment fifth official audition in 2009 where she successfully made it to the final round. However, she was eventually eliminated and after that she joined Cube Entertainment as a trainee.
Career
2011–present: Apink
In February 2011, Park was announced as the second member and leader of Apink. Prior to the announcement, she appeared at the end of Beast's "Shock" Japanese version music video. Before her debut with Apink, Park, together with the rest of the Apink members, took part in the filming of Apink News which was the group's pre-debut reality show. On April 19, 2011, Apink released its first single "Mollayo" and on April 21, Park debuted as a member of Apink on Mnet's M! Countdown performing their songs "Mollayo", and "Wishlist" which were included on their debut EP Seven Springs of Apink.
2011–present: Acting career
Park started her acting career by appearing on the 2010 sitcom All My Love playing a character named Chorong, following the departure of Brown Eyed Girls' Gain. She then made a cameo appearance on Reply 1997 as the teenage version of Lee Il-Hwa, the mother of the lead role Sung Shi-won (played by Jung Eun-ji) along with her fellow Apink member Yoon Bo-mi. Park had her first leading role in the romantic comedy Plus Nine Boys as Han Soo-ah, a popular but mysterious high-school girl; a character opposite to BtoB's Yook Sungjae's character. In 2017, she starred on Naver TV Cast's web drama Special Law of Romance alongside Kim Min-kyu and VIXX's Hyuk.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Web series
Television shows
Web shows
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
21st-century South Korean actresses
Apink members
Japanese-language singers of South Korea
K-pop singers
People from North Chungcheong Province
South Korean dance musicians
South Korean women pop singers
South Korean female idols
South Korean singer-songwriters
South Korean television actresses
IST Entertainment artists
21st-century South Korean singers
21st-century South Korean women singers
People from Cheongju
South Korean women singer-songwriters
South Korean hapkido practitioners
Sivakasi Municipal corporation is the civic body governing city of Sivakasi in Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Municipal Corporation mechanism in India was introduced during British Rule with formation of municipal corporation in Madras (Chennai) in 1688, later followed by municipal corporations in Bombay (Mumbai) and Calcutta (Kolkata) by 1762. Sivakasi Municipal Corporation is headed by Mayor of city and governed by Commissioner.
History and Administration
Sivakasi Municipal Corporation in Virudhunagar district was formed in year 2021 and is one of the 21 municipal corporations in Tamil Nadu. The place is known majorly for manufacturing fire crackers.
Sivakasi Municipal Corporation a Commissioner Mayor, a Council, a Standing Committee, a Wards Committee for facilitating various works.
Currently the Municipal Commissioner is .
Factors driving Sivakasi Municipal Corporation
Sivakasi Municipal Corporation is driven by following factors:
Population Growth.
Increase in annual Income.
Improvement of Roads.
Providing drinking water.
Improving landscape.
Improving employment opportunities.
Improving relations between police and public.
Waste Management.
Arranging facilities during natural calamities.
Establishing industrial units.
Providing sewage connection.
Sivakasi Municipal Corporation Local Body Polls
Sivakasi Municipal Corporation will get a mayor and municipal council through local body polls.
See also
List of Municipal Corporations in India
References
External links
official website
Municipal corporations in Tamil Nadu
Virudhunagar district
Cochilius is an extinct genus of interatheriid notoungulate that lived between the Middle Eocene and the lower Miocene in what is now Argentina.
Description
This animal must have vaguely resembled a groundhog, and in any case had the appearance of a medium-sized land-dwelling rodent. The skull and skeleton show features also found in other similar contemporary or slightly later animals, such as Interatherium and Protypotherium. In the general proportions of the skull Cochilius was similar to Interatherium, but in some features it was closer to Protypotherium, for example, in the large development of the snout and the median position of the orbits. The epitympanic sinus was slightly spongy. The forelimbs resembled those of Interatherium, and were more puny than those of Protypotherium. The metacarpal bones were longer and thinner than those of Interatherium. The incisors were short and strong, while the molars had low-crowned (brachydont) teeth.
Classification
The genus Cochilius was first described in 1902 by Florentino Ameghino, based on fossil remains found in Lower Miocene soils in Argentina. The type species is Cochilius volvens, but Ameghino described other species: C. columnifer and C. pendens, also from the Lower Miocene of Argentina. Later, George Gaylord Simpson described the species C. fumensis from Cerro del Humo in Chubut Province, Argentina from slightly older soils dating to the Middle Eocene.
Cochilius belongs to the Typotheria, a group of notoungulate mammals that evolved during the Eocene in South America, going on to occupy various ecological niches that in the rest of the world were mainly occupied by rodents. Cochilius was a rather derived member of the family Interatheriidae, within the subfamily Interatheriinae.
References
Typotheres
Miocene mammals of South America
Oligocene mammals of South America
Eocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Neogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Mustersan
Divisaderan
Tinguirirican
Deseadan
Colhuehuapian
Santacrucian
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Fossil taxa described in 1902
Prehistoric placental genera
Chichinales Formation
Golfo San Jorge Basin
Christopher Andrew Hayes (born December 23, 1973) is an American college baseball coach and former third baseman. He is the head baseball coach at Jacksonville University. Hayes played college baseball at Jacksonville for coach Terry Alexander from 1992 to 1995.
Amateur career
Hayes attended Englewood High School in Jacksonville, Florida. Hayes then enrolled at Jacksonville University, to play college baseball for the Jacksonville Dolphins baseball team.
As a freshman at Jacksonville in 1992, Hayes had a .303 batting average, a .362 on-base percentage (OBP) and a .423 SLG.
As a sophomore in 1993, Hayes batted .361 with a .549 SLG, 4 home runs, and 37 RBIs.
In the 1994 season as a junior, Hayes hit .369 with a .552 SLG, 5 home runs, and 49 RBIs. Hayes was drafted in the 35th round of the 1994 Major League Baseball draft by the Seattle Mariners, but Hayes opted to return to Jacksonville for his senior season.
Hayes had his best season as a senior in 1995, hitting a career high in doubles (12), home runs (7), RBIs (60) and slugged (.479).
Professional career
Hayes was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 28th round of the 1995 Major League Baseball draft. Hayes played 5 years in the Blue Jay's organization. Playing for the St. Catharines Blue Jays, Hagerstown Suns, Dunedin Blue Jays and Knoxville Smokies.
Coaching career
In 2001, Hayes joined the coaching staff at Wolfson High School in Jacksonville. In the fall of 2003, Hayes joined his alma mater, the Jacksonville Dolphins staff. In late 2008, Hayes was named the head coach at Seminole State College of Florida.
On June 24, 2016, Hayes was named the head coach of the Jacksonville program.
Head coaching record
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
References
External links
Jacksonville Dolphins bio
Living people
1973 births
Baseball third basemen
Baseball outfielders
Jacksonville Dolphins baseball players
High school baseball coaches in the United States
Jacksonville Dolphins baseball coaches
Junior college baseball coaches in the United States
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Hagerstown Suns players
Knoxville Smokies players
St. Catharines Blue Jays players
Matterhorn Glacier is a small alpine glacier on the edge of the north wall of Taylor Valley, just west of the Matterhorn, on Roa Ridge in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named after the famous Swiss Matterhorn by U.S. geologist T.L. Pewe, who visited the area in December 1957.
References
Glaciers of McMurdo Dry Valleys
Ourikéla is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Yorosso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 578 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 23,855. The village of Ourikéla, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 41 km southwest of Yorosso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Arunavati river is a seasonal tributary of the Tapi river in India. It originates and flows from the Sangvi village and merges into the Tapi river near Uparpind village in Shirpur tehsil. The river flows mostly in monsoon.
See also
Painganga River
Manora, Washim
Wathod Reservoir
References
Rivers of Maharashtra
Rivers of Madhya Pradesh
Rivers of Gujarat
Gulf of Khambhat
Geography of Surat
Rivers of India
Holborn Town hall is a municipal building on High Holborn, Holborn, London. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
The first town hall was a substantial structure on the corner of Gray's Inn Road and Clerkenwell Road which had been designed by Lewis Isaacs in an Italianate style, built by Brown & Robinson of Finsbury and completed in 1879. Following the creation of the Metropolitan Borough of Holborn in 1900, consideration was given to expanding this building but this proposal was rejected on the grounds that the old building would be difficult to adapt. After being used as a concert hall during the first half of the 20th century, it was demolished in the 1960s.
Instead it was decided to extend an existing building on High Holborn which had been designed by William Rushworth in the French Renaissance style and which had opened as a public library in 1894. The design for the existing (eastern) wing had involved a narrow main frontage with four bays facing onto High Holborn; there were two arched entrances both flanked by Corinthian order pilasters on the ground floor; there were oriel windows on the first and second floors and smaller windows on the third and fourth floors with an oculus above.
The foundation stone for the extension to this building to create a new town hall was laid by the mayor, William Smith, on 27 October 1906. The design involved creating a new central wing and a new western wing, in a similar and symmetrical style to the existing eastern wing, based on the plans of Septimus Warwick and H. Austen Hall. The works were carried out by John Greenwood Limited and the new town hall was officially opened by the Lord Mayor, Sir George Truscott, on 13 October 1908. A wrought-iron balcony bearing a borough coat of arms made by the Bromsgrove Guild of Applied Arts was installed in the middle of the central section on the first floor. The principal rooms were a courtroom on the ground floor a council chamber at the rear of the building on the first floor.
The First International Syndicalist Congress, a meeting of European and Latin American syndicalist organizations, was held at the town hall from 27 September to 2 October 1913.
A plaque, manufactured by De La Rue, commemorating the efforts of the borough in contributing to the Wings for Victory Week, was erected on the wall just inside the right hand doorway in 1943. Another plaque, commemorating their contribution to Salute the Soldier Week, was erected there the following year.
The building on High Holborn ceased to function as the local of seat of government when the enlarged London Borough of Camden was formed in 1965 and was subsequently converted for alternative uses including restaurant use (on the ground floor) and offices (above). The freehold ownership of the building was acquired by a private investor for £22 million in September 2019.
References
Government buildings completed in 1894
City and town halls in London
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Camden
was a Japanese novelist and short-story writer, and a member of the so-called "Third Generation of Postwar Writers" (第3の新人).
Life
Yoshiyuki was born in Okayama, the oldest child of author Yoshiyuki Eisuke, but his family moved to Tokyo when he was 3. He attended Shizuoka High School, where he grew interested in Thomas Mann's stories, and in 1945 entered the University of Tokyo. He left the university without a degree and began working full-time as an editor at a weekly scandal magazine, while spending much of his leisure time gambling, drinking, and frequenting prostitutes. Sexuality and prostitution would form a consistent theme in his writing.
Works and awards
Yoshiyuki's first published fiction was Bara Hanbainin (薔薇販売人, The Rose Seller, 1950), followed by the novels Genshoku no Machi (The City of Primary Colors, 1951, revised 1956), Shū (驟雨, Sudden Shower, 1954), for which he won the Akutagawa Prize, and Shofu no Heya (Room of a Whore, 1958). His novel Anshitsu (暗室, The Dark Room, 1969) won the Tanizaki Prize. He won the Yomiuri Prize for his 1974 novel . Another of his most celebrated works, Yugure Made (夕暮れまで, 1978, published in English translation as Toward Dusk and Other Stories by Kurodahan Press, 2011), took 13 years to write but once published quickly became a best-seller and won the Noma Literary Prize. See also Fair Dalliance: Fifteen Stories by Yoshiyuki Junnosuke, Kurodahan Press, 2011.
References
External links
Junnosuke Yoshiyuki at J'Lit Books from Japan
Japan Times review of Toward Dusk and Other Stories
Writers Noone Reads compilation on works in English
20th-century Japanese novelists
Japanese male short story writers
People from Okayama
1924 births
1994 deaths
Akutagawa Prize winners
Yomiuri Prize winners
University of Tokyo alumni
20th-century Japanese short story writers
20th-century Japanese male writers
The 2016 K League Challenge was the fourth season of the K League Challenge, the second tier South Korean professional league for association football clubs since its establishment in 2013. Top-ranked team (excluding Ansan Mugunghwa) gained promotion to the K League Classic and the promotion play-offs among three clubs ranked between 2nd and 4th place was held after the regular season ends.
Teams
Sangju Sangmu FC, the champions of the 2015 K League Challenge, and Suwon FC, promotion series winners, were promoted to the 2016 K League Classic, then Daejeon Citizen and Busan IPark were relegated from the top tier. A total of eleven teams contested in the league.
Participating clubs
Stadiums
Primary venues used in the K League Challenge:
Personnel and kits
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Foreign players
Restricting the number of foreign players strictly to four per team, including a slot for a player from AFC countries. A team could use four foreign players on the field each game.
As of 1 August 2016.
Éder owns Palestine citizenship and was counted as an Asian player in the K League.
League table
Positions by matchday
Round 1-22
Round 23-44
Results
Matches 1-22
Matches 23-44
Promotion-Relegation Playoffs
Promotion and relegation playoffs will be held between 3rd~5th clubs of 2016 K League Challenge and 11th club of 2016 K League Classic. If scores are tied after regular time at Semi-Playoff and Playoff, the higher placed team advances to the next phase. The same conditions do not apply to Promotion-Relegation Playoffs.
Semi-Playoff
Playoff
Promotion-Relegation Playoffs
First leg
Second leg
Gangwon FC secure promotion to the 2016 K League Classic season, 1:1 on aggregate with away goals.
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Attendance
Awards
Most Valuable Player of The Round
Manager of the Month
Season Awards
The 2016 K League Awards was held on 8 November 2016.
K League Challenge Most Valuable Player
The K League Challenge Most Valuable Player award was won by Kim Dong-chan (Daejeon Citizen).
K League Challenge Top Scorer
The K League Challenge Top Scorer award was won by Kim Dong-chan (Daejeon Citizen).
K League Challenge Top Assistor
The K League Challenge Top Assistor award was won by Lee Ho-seok (Gyeongnam FC).
K League Challenge Best XI
K League Challenge Manager of the Year
The K League Challenge Manager of the Year award was won by Son Hyun-jun(caretaker) (Daegu FC).
References
2014 Season Review at K League Website
External links
Official K League Website
K League Challenge seasons
K
K
K
The following is a list of the most notable political families of the Philippines, each with the areas in which their influence was/is strong. Names in bold indicate the individual was/is a president of the Philippines.
The Philippine political arena is mainly arranged and operated by families or alliances of families, rather than organized around the voting for political parties.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
Y
Z
See also
Political dynasties in the Philippines
List of political families
Politics of the Philippines
Corruption in the Philippines
References
Further reading
Families
Philippines
Sujata Choudhury (born June 27, 1984), credited professionally as Sujata Day, is an American actress, model and screenwriter. She is best known for her roles as CeeCee in the Issa Rae web series, The Misadventures of Awkward Black Girl (2011-2013) and Sarah in Insecure. Day made her directorial debut with the 2020 comedy-drama, Definition Please.
Early life
The daughter of an India-born mechanical engineer and a housewife, Sujata became involved in the performing arts at a very young age. She began with dance (ballet, jazz, modern, hip hop, and East Indian folk and classical dance) and then became equally interested in acting, singing and musical theater. She continued to study and perform in school and community productions before heading west to pursue a professional acting career in Hollywood.
Career
Sujata has appeared in a wide variety of television shows such as The Secret Life of the American Teenager, Campus Ladies, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, 7th Heaven, Greek, and The Loop. In 2007, she played a supporting role in the Warner Bros.-produced Sublime. She can be seen alongside Danny Glover and Snoop Doggy Dogg in the independent film Down for Life which premiered to rave reviews at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival.
In 2009 she appeared in the horror/comedy film The Last Lovecraft: Relic of Cthulhu, which screened at the 2010 Slamdance Film Festival.
She starred as CeCe in the Issa Rae-created web comedy series The Misadventures of Awkward Black Girl. She continued her work with Rae on the HBO series, Insecure.
In 2017, Day wrote, produced, directed and starred in a film called Cowboy and Indian, to be developed into a television series.
On May 30, 2019, it was announced that Day will direct a film called Definition Please, for which she also wrote the script. It stars Ritesh Rajan and Jake Choi and was shot on location in Greensburg, Pennsylvania in the summer of 2019.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Production
References
External links
Actresses from Pennsylvania
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
American actresses of Indian descent
Living people
1984 births
21st-century American actresses
American women film directors
The 1983 New South Wales Open was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the White City Stadium in Sydney, Australia. The men's tournament, named ANZ Bank NSW Open, was part of the 1983 Volvo Grand Prix and held from 12 December until 18 December 1983. The women's tournament, known as the NSW Building Society Open, was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series and was played from 21 November through 27 November 1983. It was the 92nd edition of the tournament. Third-seeded Jo Durie won the women's singles title, the first British female player to do so since Dorothy Round in 1934.
Finals
Men's singles
Joakim Nyström defeated Mike Bauer 2–6, 6–3, 6–1
It was Nyström's 1st singles title of his career.
Women's singles
Jo Durie defeated Kathy Jordan 6–3, 7–5
It was Durie's 2nd and final singles title of the year and of her career.
Women's doubles
Anne Hobbs / Wendy Turnbull defeated Hana Mandlíková / Helena Suková 6–4, 6–3
It was Hobbs' 5th title of the year and the 6th of her career. It was Turnbull's 4th title of the year and the 56th of her career.
Men's doubles
Pat Cash / Mike Bauer defeated Broderick Dyke / Rod Frawley 7–6, 6–4
References
External links
ITF men's tournament edition details
ITF women's tournament edition details
Tournament draws
New South Wales Open
Sydney International
New South Wales Open
New South Wales Open
New South Wales Open
New South Wales Open, 1983
Esther Katarina Stensson (born 21 August 1988 in Örebro) is a Swedish politician and leader of the Swedish Pirate Party with a term from 2019–2021 Stensson took a masters exam in engineering physics at KTH Royal Institute of Technology in 2014 and a degree in licentiate in physics in 2018. Stensson is the Vice-President of the company "Checheza AB", a company focused on online classes. In 2020 she took the teacher's exam to work as a teacher in physics and mathematics.
Biography
Between 2012 and 2014, Stensson was the project leader for organization Womengineer. In the year 2014 Stensson founded IGEday, a national event aimed at encourage girls to become engineers. Stensson had a seat in the board of directors for the free math-tutering service Mattecentrum from 2014–2017.
References
Living people
People from Örebro
1988 births
Pirate Party (Sweden) politicians
The Parc animalier de Sainte-Croix is a French Zoo specialised in European fauna, located inside the park parc naturel régional de Lorraine in Rhodes.
The Zoo was founded 1980 by Gérald Singer.
References
Notes
Zoos in France
Zoos established in 1980
Buildings and structures in Moselle (department)
Tourist attractions in Moselle (department)
Organizations based in Grand Est
The tenth season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy premiered on September 26, 2013, with a two-hour special episode in the United States on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), and it concluded with a Farewell To Cristina finale episode "Fear (Of The Unknown)" on May 15, 2014. The season was produced by ABC Studios, in association with Shondaland Production Company and The Mark Gordon Company; the showrunners being Tony Phelan and Joan Rater. The season was officially released on DVD as a 6-disc box-set under the title of Grey's Anatomy: The Complete Tenth Season – Live For The Moments on September 2, 2014 by Buena Vista Home Entertainment.
The season mainly focuses on the relationship between the show's protagonist Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) and "her person" Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh) as both follow different paths relating their careers straining their relationship. Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) and Callie Torres (Sara Ramirez), having separated from her wife Arizona Robbins (Jessica Capshaw), teamed up with the White House to work on a brain mapping project. Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson) was on a project mapping out the human genome. Yang and Owen Hunt (Kevin McKidd) gradually take their relationship from complicated and painful to a place of real friendship. April Kepner (Sarah Drew) and Jackson Avery (Jesse Williams) elope during Kepner and paramedic Matthew Taylor's (Justin Bruening) wedding. Yang takes off to Switzerland for a job offer to take over Preston Burke's (Isaiah Washington) hospital because he wants to step down and move his family. She bids her farewell to her colleagues of the last 7 years, including Hunt and dances it out with Meredith one last time to an old favorite song.
The season, garnered 12.12 million viewers average viewers and was ranked #15 overall in total viewers which is 11 spots higher than the previous season. In the 18-49 key demographic, it ranked #5 and for the 2013-2014 primetime TV schedule, Grey's was the #1 drama in the 18-49 key demographic. James Pickens, Jr. and Chandra Wilson were nominated for Outstanding Actor and Outstanding Actress respectively at the 45th NAACP Image Awards. The show also garnered 5 nominations at the 40th People's Choice Awards. It was announced on May 8, 2014, by ABC that Grey's Anatomy would return in the fall of 2014 for an eleventh season.
Episodes
The number in the "No. overall" column refers to the episode's number within the overall series, whereas the number in the "No. in season" column refers to the episode's number within this particular season. "U.S. viewers in millions" refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episodes live. Each episode of this season is named after a song.
Cast and characters
Main
Ellen Pompeo as Dr. Meredith Grey
Sandra Oh as Dr. Cristina Yang
Justin Chambers as Dr. Alex Karev
Chandra Wilson as Dr. Miranda Bailey
James Pickens Jr. as Dr. Richard Webber
Sara Ramirez as Dr. Callie Torres
Kevin McKidd as Dr. Owen Hunt
Jessica Capshaw as Dr. Arizona Robbins
Sarah Drew as Dr. April Kepner
Jesse Williams as Dr. Jackson Avery
Camilla Luddington as Dr. Jo Wilson
Gaius Charles as Dr. Shane Ross
Jerrika Hinton as Dr. Stephanie Edwards
Tessa Ferrer as Dr. Leah Murphy
Patrick Dempsey as Dr. Derek Shepherd
Recurring
Caterina Scorsone as Dr. Amelia Shepherd
Kelly McCreary as Dr. Maggie Pierce
Jason George as Dr. Ben Warren
Debbie Allen as Dr. Catherine Avery
James Remar as Jimmy Evans
Justin Bruening as Matthew Taylor
Marguerite Moreau as Dr. Emma Marling
Nicole Cummins as Paramedic Nicole
Rebecca Field as Sabine McNeil
Thomas Barbusca as Link McNeil
Armani Jackson as Braden Morris
Jadin Gould as Ivy McNeil
Harley Graham as Francesca "Frankie" McNeil
Billy Malone as Jon McNeil
Elizabeth Bond as Kimmie Kepner
Emily Happe as Libby Kepner
Grace Bannon as Alice Kepner
Notable guests
Isaiah Washington as Dr. Preston Burke
Tina Majorino as Dr. Heather Brooks
Bobby Campo as Brian
Heather Hemmens as Sasha
Héctor Elizondo as Carlos Torres
Patrick Fabian as Dr. Oliver Lebackes
Gordon Clapp as Victor Kaufman
Paul James as Eric
Valerie Mahaffey as Donna Kaufman
Keke Palmer as Cheryl Jeffries
Lainie Kazan as C.J.
Annie Potts as Joyce Bosco
Production
Development
Grey's Anatomy was renewed for a tenth season on May 10, 2013. This season is to include the 200th episode of the series, the fourth episode to air, "Puttin' on the Ritz". This season was also split into 2 batches of episodes, each batch consisting of 12 uninterrupted episodes (excluding holidays). The mid-season premiere aired on February 27, 2014.
Casting
In May 2012, it was announced that 6 original castmates - Ellen Pompeo, Sandra Oh, Justin Chambers, Chandra Wilson, James Pickens, Jr. and Patrick Dempsey had renewed their contracts through season 10, as Meredith Grey, Cristina Yang, Alex Karev, Miranda Bailey, Richard Webber and Derek Shepherd respectively. It was revealed in June 2013, that 4 out of the 5 interns from Season 9 would be returning as series-regulars, including Camilla Luddington, Gaius Charles, Jerrika Hinton and Tessa Ferrer. It was announced in July 2013 that Bobby Campo and Heather Hemmens were slated to guest star in the 2-part season premiere. In August 2013, TVGuide reported that Dexter alum James Remar is set for a "mysterious" story-arc. It was later revealed that Remar would be playing Alex Karev's drug addict father, whom he hasn't seen in more than 20 years. In October 2013, it was announced that Hector Elizondo would be returning to the show, as Callie Torres' father, for a 'Callie-centric' episode that would air mid-November. Other guest stars in November were Valerie Mahaffey and Gordon Clapp.
It was announced in January 2014 that Nickelodeon star Keke Palmer would guest star in an upcoming episode slated to air in March 2014. It was also announced that Greek alum Paul James had been cast in a potentially recurring role. It was also announced in January that the role of Zola (Meredith and Derek's daughter) was recast and would now be played by Heaven White, who is significantly older than Jela K. Moore, the actress who previously played Zola.
On March 6, 2014, it was revealed that Isaiah Washington would reprise his role as Preston Burke for 1 episode in May 2014. It is believed that his reappearance will have ties with Cristina Yang's (Sandra Oh) departure from the show after 9 years. Dr. Burke was Cristina Yang's love-interest for much of his 3 years on the show. Washington was fired 7 years ago after he made a homophobic slur against castmate, T. R. Knight. On March 18, 2014, it was announced that another Grey's Anatomy alum would return in May and stay until the end of the season. Caterina Scorsone will return to play Amelia Shepherd, one of Derek's 4 sisters. Scorsone was a regular on the Grey's Anatomy spin-off, Private Practice, where she also portrayed Amelia Shepherd.
In April, news broke that Kelly McCreary would guest star in the Season 10 finale. It wasn't known until the season finale aired that her character, Dr. Pierce, was hired by Dr. Yang to be the new head of cardio. It was also discovered at the end of the episode that Dr. Ellis Grey was her birth mother.
On August 13, 2013, Sandra Oh revealed that after the tenth season, she would be leaving Grey's Anatomy. It was announced on March 25, 2014, that Gaius Charles and Tessa Ferrer were not having their options picked up for Season 11, meaning that Season 10 would be their last season as regulars on the show. On January 23, 2014, it was announced that Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey had renewed their contracts for another 2 seasons, as Meredith Grey and Derek Shepherd respectively, meaning their characters will be staying on the medical drama for seasons 11 and 12. On May 2, 2014, it was announced that the rest of the 6 original castmates, Justin Chambers, Chandra Wilson, and James Pickens Jr., excluding Sandra Oh, had renewed their contracts for another 2 seasons (11 and 12). Sara Ramirez also renewed her contract for another 2 seasons.
Reception
Ratings
Grey's Anatomy's tenth season opened up to 9.27 million viewers with a 3.4/9 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic. "Everybody's Crying Mercy" served as the season's most-viewed episode. "Man On The Moon" was the season's least-viewed episode, with 7.02 million viewers and a 2.3/6 Neilsen rating/share in the 18-49 demographic. At the time, the season finale was the series lowest-watched season finale with 8.92 million viewers and 2.6/8 in the 18-49 rating demo. Grey's Anatomy, in its tenth season, ranked #15 overall in total viewers (12.12 million). This is 11 spots higher than the previous season, which was ranked #26. In the 18-49 key demographic, Grey's Anatomy ranked #5. The last time a season of Grey's Anatomy was ranked #5 in the 18-49 key demographic was season 1. The highest ranking for the 18-49 key demographic was #3 for seasons 3, 4, and 5. Last season, Grey's Anatomy was ranked #10. For the 2013-2014 primetime TV schedule, Grey's Anatomy was the #1 drama in the 18-49 key demographic.
Live + SD ratings
Live + 7 Day (DVR) ratings
Critical response
The tenth season of the medical-drama received positive reviews from the critics with many referring to the season as a return to form for the long-running show. The season holds a 100% positive score on Rotten Tomatoes and a "Fresh" rating. Annie Barett of Entertainment Weekly gave a positive review to the season and wrote, "There's true sorrow here along with the passion, which keeps their dynamic so intriguing to me."
The A.V. Club also praised the tenth season of the show stating, "At its best, Grey's Anatomy is about everyday bravery, sacrifice, and courage. At its worst, it's a melodramatic, moralizing soap opera. Both sides are on display as the show heads confidently into its tenth season."
The Loop also acknowledged the return to form giving a positive review, "After a shaky start to its tenth season, Grey's Anatomy has picked up the pace over the past 2 episodes and is once again showing a great deal of promise that it can revive itself after nearly a decade on the air."
Many sources, including Rachel Simon of Bustle and Nicole Pomarico of Wetpaint, claimed that Sandra Oh's performance during her tenth and final season on Grey's Anatomy is worthy of an Emmy nomination. Simon stated "She made us care about Grey's in a way we hadn't in years, bringing us into Cristina's life and mind, fully and ferociously. The show has been good for several seasons now; because of Oh's performance this year, it once again became great."
On Oh's exit Entertainment Weekly wrote, "Cristina and Meredith is the friendship to end all friendships—some would even argue it's what the show is about. Cristina is Meredith's person. How could she possibly function without Cristina in her life? More than that, Cristina on her own was a great character. She didn't want kids, she didn't need a man, and she'd rather receive compliments on her brain instead of her beauty. She was everything we needed in a character—and more. Seeing her go was devastating."
DVD release
References
2013 American television seasons
2014 American television seasons
Grey's Anatomy seasons
La novia de la Marina ( Navy's girlfriend) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film, directed by Benito Perojo and written by Gregorio Martinez Sierra and Manuel Alba. It was premiered on October 20, 1948.
The film narrates the story of a young rich woman who suffers from sleepwalking and a young man convinces her to marry with him.
Cast
Susana Freyre
Alberto Bello
Ignacio de Soroa
Nelly Duggan
Luis Rodrigo
Manolo Díaz
Tito Climent
Teresa Pintos
Iván Grondona
Alberto de Mendoza
Susana Campos
External links
1948 films
1940s Spanish-language films
Argentine black-and-white films
Argentine comedy films
1948 comedy films
1940s Argentine films
Raoiriú (also Raoiliú, Raoilinn) was an early Irish missionary, c. 500 AD.
Raoiriú founded Teampall Raoileann on the east bank of the River Suck, in Connacht. He was from the province of Connacht—from the Cinel Dobtha tribal region, descendants of whom became the families O'Hanley and MacCoilidh (Cox). He was kinsman to the siblings Saint Berach and Saint Midabaria. He appears to have belonged to the second or third order of Irish saints who evangalised the Irish. He was one of the first Christian missionaries among the eastern Uí Maine.
In the sixth century, King Cairbre Crom of Uí Maine gave Teampall Raoileann to Clonmacnoise. all that remains on the site are grass-covered foundations of a later church built over the original Teampall. It was located in the townland of Ashford in the parish of Creagh.
References
The Parish of Ballinasloe, p. 12, Jerome A. Fahey, 1912.
People from County Roscommon
Christian clergy from County Galway
5th-century Irish priests
Bulbophyllum sanguineomaculatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
References
The Bulbophyllum-Checklist
The Internet Orchid Species Photo Encyclopedia
External links
sanguineomaculatum
Rosita Díaz Gimeno (September 13, 1908 – August 23, 1986) was a Spanish stage and film actress from Madrid.
Stage actress
Díaz Gimeno was educated at the Convent of the Sacred Heart in Madrid. She trained in theater at the conservatory of the Teatro Real. She appeared in thirty-five plays in Spain, beginning her career
accompanied by G. Martinez Sierra, a Spanish playwright. Díaz Gimeno achieved fame as a stage actress in Spain and France.
American films
Acquired by the Fox Film Company, Diaz Gimeno came to Hollywood in October 1934. She signed her contract in Paris, France. She made Rosa de Francia in 1935. The movie set a record in film by requiring Diaz Gimeno to sit in a tub filled with soap suds for nine hours, while shots were made. The same year she filmed Angelina o el honor de un brigadier. This production was immensely popular with audiences in Harlem, New York.
Government informant
Diaz Gimeno was reported to have been executed as a spy by Spanish Insurgents in January 1937. She had been arrested at Córdoba, during the Spanish Civil War, in August 1936. She was released. Later she went to Seville, the southern headquarters of the insurgents. There she mixed in military circles. Gimeno was found to have been affiliated with a secret broadcast station which supplied the Spanish government with information regarding insurgent military plans.
Film actress Rosita Moreno received a cablegram on February 27, 1937. In answer to one she had sent to Segovia, the reply read: I am well. Fondest greetings. It was signed Rosita. Spanish police also denied that Gimeno had been shot or arrested. However they professed ignorance as to her whereabouts. She was located in Segovia and contracted to appear in films, returning to Hollywood on May 24, 1937.
Late career
In 1948 Diaz Gimeno was forced to pay taxes to five governments-Morocco, Spain, France, the United States, and Mexico. At the time she was called Rosita Diaz Negrin. She was the wife of Dr. Juan Negrin Jr., son of former premier Juan Negrín of Loyalist Spain. Negrin was a New York brain surgeon. The couple became American citizens in 1953.
Diaz Gimeno starred in a Spanish production of The Teahouse of the August Moon, translated by Mexico's foremost playwright and close friend of the Negrin couple, Rodolfo Usigli in Mexico City, Mexico, in 1955. It was produced by Jean Dalrymple and Rita Allen of New York City. Rosita Díaz Gimeno played the part of Sakini, the cunning interpreter from Okinawa.
Rosita Diaz Gimeno died in 1986 in New York.
Selected filmography
References
Dunkirk-Fredonia Evening Observer, In Hollywood, Saturday, April 3, 1948, Page 6.
Long Beach Independent, Theater Department, September 7, 1955, Page 10.
Los Angeles Times, Hollywood Welcomes Miss Diaz, October 20, 1934, Page A3.
New York Times, Rosita Diaz Killed In Spain A Month Ago, February 27, 1937, Page 6.
New York Times, Film Star Not Executed, February 28, 1937, Page 27.
New York Times, Teahouse In Spanish, June 10, 1955, Page 17.
Syracuse Post-Standard, Lyons Den, Saturday, March 14, 1953, Page 7.
Washington Post, Broadway Glossary, December 6, 1946, Page 5.
External links
1908 births
1986 deaths
Spanish emigrants to the United States
Spanish stage actresses
Spanish film actresses
20th-century Spanish actresses
The Damakawa are an ethnic group of about 500-1000 people in northwest Nigeria. They live in three villages near Maganda in Sakaba Local Government Area, Kebbi State. They used to speak the Damakawa language, but have now shifted to C'Lela.
External links
A brief account of the Damakawa language
Ethnic groups in Nigeria
Kebbi State
Maria Skleraina (died 1045), often referred to as the Skleraina, was the political adviser, official mistress, and wife of the Byzantine Emperor Constantine IX Monomachos, controversially given the title of Sebastē.
Of the prominent Skleros family, she was known for her charming appearance and character, and was married to Constantine IX prior to his succession to the throne, but the marriage was not considered legal by the church. Constantine became emperor in 1042 by his marriage to empress Zoë Porphyrogenita, who accepted his continued relationship with Maria Skleraina. Skleraina was not acknowledged as Constantine's wife but stayed at court officially as his mistress.
She played an important role at court, acting as the political adviser of Constantine IX and benefitting the career of her brother Romanos Skleros. She was unpopular with the public. In March 1044, a riot broke out in Constantinople because the public feared that Constantine was planning to kill Zoe in order to marry Skleraina.
References
Nicolas Oikonomidès: Byzantium from the Ninth Century to the Fourth Crusade: Studies, Texts, Monuments, Variorum, 1992
Lynda Garland: Byzantine Empresses: Women and Power in Byzantium AD 527-1204, 1999
11th-century deaths
1045 deaths
11th-century Byzantine women
11th-century Byzantine people
Royal mistresses
The Telephone Girl was a serial based on stories by J.C. Witwer. The screenplays were written by a young Darryl F. Zanuck.
References
1922 films
American black-and-white films
American silent serial films
1920s American films
Jason Bulmahn is an American game designer who has written or contributed to several works.
Career
Jason Bulmahn coordinated the world's largest organized play D&D campaign for the RPGA (Living Greyhawk), and then joined Paizo Publishing as the managing editor of Dragon in 2004. In 2007, Bulmahn took over as lead designer of Paizo Publishing, LLC. Within two months of Wizards of the Coast's August 2007 announcement of D&D fourth edition, Bulmahn began working on a new edition of the d20 system that updated and cleaned up the rules, and that he referred to as "a small side project". When Paizo decided not to wait to see how Wizards of the Coast would allow third-party publishers to support this new edition, Paizo turned Bulmahn's side project into a complete RPG with their own set of d20 game system core rules; Paizo thus announced the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game on March 18, 2008. Bulmahn became the lead designer of the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game.
The Beta version of the Pathfinder RPG received the gold ENnie award for "best free product or web enhancement" in 2008. He has also written or contributed to Pathfinder books such as Carnival of Tears, as well as Dragon and Dungeon articles and books such as Secrets of Xen'drik, Expedition to the Ruins of Greyhawk, Dungeonscape, and Elder Evils.
His RPG design credits include the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Core Rulebook, Bestiary, Ultimate Guides, the Advanced Player's Guide, the Beginner Box, and 2013's Mythic Adventures. His work has earned one Origins Award and numerous ENnie Awards, including Best Game and Product of the Year for that past three years in a row.
He is the publisher of Minotaur Games, a company dedicated to creating products compatible with the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game as well as card and board games.
References
External links
Codex of the Infinite Pains, Jason Bulmahn's RPG blog.
Minotaur Games website.
American magazine editors
Dungeons & Dragons game designers
Living people
Pathfinder
Year of birth missing (living people)
Benedict A. Majekodunmi (born 12 January 1940) is a Nigerian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Majekodunmi won a bronze medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Nigerian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Nigeria
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Nigeria
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Waimarama Taumaunu (born 18 October 1962), often known as Wai Taumaunu, is a New Zealand netball coach and former international netball player.
Biography
Taumaunu was born in Waipawa, New Zealand. She was a member of New Zealand's national netball team, the Silver Ferns, from 1981 to 1991. During that time, she played in the team that won the 1987 Netball World Championships, and was also captain of the team in the last three years of her international career.
In 1998, Taumaunu was appointed as national performance director for All England Netball, and remained in that role until 2003. During that time she was also the assistant coach for the England national team in their 2003 Netball World Championships campaign. In 2007, Taumaunu was the head coach of the Capital Shakers in the National Bank Cup.
In the 1992 New Year Honours, Taumaunu was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire, for services to netball. She was inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame in 1996. Of Ngāti Porou and Ngāi Tahu descent, she was also inducted into the Māori Sports Hall of Fame in 2007. In May 2008, Taumaunu accepted the position of assistant coach for the Silver Ferns, under head coach Ruth Aitken and in October 2011, took over as head coach for the Silver Ferns.
In the 2016 New Year Honours, Taumaunu was appointed an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to netball.
Personal life
Taumaunu's daughter Tiana Metuarau is also a netball player, and debuted for the Silver Ferns in September 2021.
References
1962 births
Living people
New Zealand netball players
New Zealand international netball players
New Zealand netball coaches
New Zealand Members of the Order of the British Empire
People from Waipawa
New Zealand Māori netball players
Ngāti Porou people
Ngāi Tahu people
Officers of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Sportspeople from Gisborne, New Zealand
New Zealand national netball team coaches
Netball players at the 1989 World Games
Netball players at the 1985 World Games
1987 World Netball Championships players
1991 World Netball Championships players
1983 World Netball Championships players
Central Pulse coaches
Sportspeople from the Hawke's Bay Region
Industrial Training Institute Ground is a multi purpose stadium in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
The stadium hosted first-class matches from 1989 when Madhya Pradesh cricket team played against Uttar Pradesh cricket team in a tour match. until 1965. Since then the ground has hosted non-first-class matches.
References
External links
Cricinfo profile
Cricketarchive.com
Sports venues in Indore
Cricket grounds in Madhya Pradesh
Multi-purpose stadiums in India
Sport in Madhya Pradesh
Sports venues completed in 1989
1989 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1937–38 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1937–38
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Östra 1937–38
Division 2 Västra 1937–38
Division 2 Södra 1937–38
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Glaphyria semiferrealis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1898
Glaphyriini
Pedro Garcia-Velasquez (born 28 November 1984, Bogotá, Colombia) is a French-Colombian composer and co-founder of Le Balcon ensemble and BabelScores – an online library of contemporary music.
Born in Bogota, Colombia, Garcia-Velasquez began his musical education through the violin at the age of seven. In 2002, he started studying composition at the Pontifical Xavierian University in Bogota under the mentorship of Harold Vasquez-Castaneda. He obtained his degree in 2006. In 2007, he moved to France to continue his studies at the Conservatoire à rayonnement regional de Boulogne-Billancourt with Jean-Luc Hervé. He was later admitted into the Conservatoire de Paris (CNSMDP) in the class of Frédéric Durieux, where he graduated in 2013.
In 2008, in parallel with his studies in composition, Garcia-Velasquez co-founded Le Balcon ensemble alongside pianist Alphonse Cemin, conductor Maxime Pascal, composer Juan-Pablo Carreño and sound engineer Florent Derex. In 2009, he co-founded BabaelScores, a digital music library, alongside composer Lucas Fagin.
He has been an artist-in-residence at the Théâtre de l'Athénée between 2013 and 2018, at the IRCAM and ZKM on 2017, and at the Fondation Singer-Polignac since 2019. In 2016 he received the Prix Pierre Cardin from the Académie des Beaux-Arts.
Music composition
Pedro Garcia-Velasquez work has explored the concept of Gesamtkunstwerk on several occasions, and from different angles. The idea of a “synthesis of the arts” was already present at a very early stage of his creations and it has evolved through time in increasingly complex ways. In 2012, he started a collaboration with scene-artist Nieto in order to conceive Scratched Shadows, a piece with video-stage musicians. This cooperation opened Garcia-Velasquez to new possibilities in terms of what forms of arts, such as video, dance, installation, or sculpture, could be integrated into the composition's creation process. Long-term cooperation with choreographer Tatiana Julien, from 2012 to 2017, brought to life several pieces integrating dance and composition, among them, INITIO in 2018, a co-written choreographic opera for the Théâtre National de Chaillot. Recently he has been working with artist Marion Flament in the creation of automated sound sculptures integrated into his pieces Un vaso de dicha, for the Fondation Singer-Polignac, and a prelude and interludes for Gustav Mahler's Das Lied von Der Erde, for the Festival Saint-Denis 2020.
One of his main interests is the creation of immersive sound universes using 3D sound techniques, such as specialized sound and the use of the binaural technique (3D sound on headphones). Sound and space are conceived to bring the spectator into a sensory experience evoking specific landscapes, like forests, or buildings such as churches, alongside music. Lieux Perdus – Théâtre acoustique I, for 4 singers, chamber orchestra and 3D sound system, is a piece that developed this idea of surrounding the spectator. It was produced in collaboration with stage director Benjamin Lazar on 2014 and has a sequel, Fête dans le vide : Théâtre acoustique II, for soprano, chamber orchestra, and 3D sound system, produced in 2015.
Selected works
Leve, Reflejo, Contracorriente, Horizonte, for flauta, guitare and viola, 2003.
Esperando Llueva, for percussioniste, piano, alto, cello and clarinet, 2004.
Sueño de Una Nota, for two double bass, bassoon and ensemble, 2009.
Cras Lucebit, for bassoon and electronics, 2010.
Plop, for fifteen instruments, 2010.
Brujería, for saxophone and electronics, 2011.
Cras Lucebit [German system bassoon], for bassoon and electronics, 2012.
Scratched Shadows, for video-staged ensemble and electronics, 2012.
Moro de Venecia, concerto for cello and chamber orchestra, 2013.
Douve, for trio dancers and chamber orchestra, 2013.
Lieux Perdus - Théâtre Acoustique I, for 4 voices, chamber orchestra and 3D sound on headphones, 2014.
Fête dans le vide - Théâtre Acoustique II, for soprano, chamber orchestra, electronics and 3D sound diffusion system, 2015.
Chants souterrains, for cello and electronics, 2016.
INITIO, opéra chorégraphique pièce lyrique et chorégraphique, 2017.
Etudes pour théâtre acoustique, sound installation for 3D sounds and automat instruments, 2018.
Commanderie 2019, for robotic arms, 3D sound installations and live concerts, 2019.
Maldoror, à Isidore Ducasse, for flute, two violas and cello, 2019.
La Selva Virgen, En La Selva Oscura, prologue and interludes to Das Lied von der Erde, for chamber orchestra, robotic arms orchestra and pre-recorded sounds, 2020.
References
1984 births
Living people
Colombian composers
Czech Connect Airlines was an airline based in Ostrava, Czech Republic. Its main base was Brno-Tuřany Airport.
History
Czech Connect Airlines operated scheduled flights to Russia and CIS; and charter flights for travel agencies to various popular summer destinations. Selected flights also offered available tickets for individual travellers.
In January 2012, the company announced bankruptcy and stopped its activities.
Destinations
Czech Republic
Brno - Brno-Tuřany Airport
Karlovy Vary - Karlovy Vary Airport
Pardubice - Pardubice Airport
Prague - Prague Ruzyně Airport
Russia
Moscow - Domodedovo International Airport
Rostov-on-Don - Rostov-on-Don Airport
St. Petersburg - Pulkovo Airport
Yekaterinburg - Koltsovo Airport
Switzerland
Geneva - Geneva International Airport
Fleet
The Czech Connect Airlines fleet includes the following aircraft ():
References
External links
Defunct airlines of the Czech Republic
Airlines established in 2011
Airlines disestablished in 2012
Czech companies established in 2011
The 'DesmoDue Championship' is a one-make motorcycle racing series based in the United Kingdom. The series was started by the Ducati Sporting Club in 2005 and is administered by them. The series has been hosted by various clubs and is currently run at NG Road Racing meetings.
The motorcycles must be based on an air-cooled 2-valve Ducati twin-cylinder engine produced since 1992. The machines are allowed limited modifications in order to maintain parity. The series also uses a spec / control which is currently the Dunlop Sportsmart TT (Dunlop Wets are also allowed).
There are two engine capacity classes;
Class A - 618cc fuel injection based machines
Class B - 583cc carburettor based machines
Riders must hold an ACU racing licence.
Lap Records
Champions - Class A
Champions - Class B
References
Ducati (company)
Motorcycle road racing series
Motorsport competitions in the United Kingdom
One-make series
Harbour Island or Harbor Island may refer to:
Harbor Island:
Harbor Island, Newport Beach, California, United States
Harbor Island, San Diego, California, United States
Harbor Island, Phippsburg, Maine, United States
Harbor Island, Potagannissing Bay, Michigan, United States
Harbor Island (South Carolina) - one of the Sea Islands in Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States
Harbor Island, Seattle, Washington, United States
Harbor Island, North Carolina, located at Wrightsville Beach, North Carolina
Harbour Island:
Harbour Island, a fortified islet off Sant-Maloù/Saint-Malo, Brittany, where Aaron of Aleth welcomed Saint Malo in the 5th century
Harbour Island, an islet off Sant-Ke-Porzh-Olued/Saint-Quay-Portrieux, Brittany, with a lighthouse
Harbour Island, Bahamas
Harbour Island (Little Bay Islands), Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada
Harbour Island (Ramea Islands), Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada
Harbour Island (Tampa), United States
See also
Coaster's Harbor Island
North Harbour Island
Carbinoxamine/pseudoephedrine is an antihistamine and decongestant combination, marketed as Rondec, Ceron and Coldec. It contains two active ingredients: carbinoxamine and pseudoephedrine.
References
https://www.drugs.com/cdi/rondec.html
Decongestants
H1 receptor antagonists
Combination drugs
Matt Barnes (born May 27, 1986) is an American football coach who is currently the defensive coordinator for the Memphis Tigers. He previously served as the special teams coordinator and defensive backs coach at Ohio State.
Playing career
Barnes played linebacker for Salisbury University.
Barnes played Tailback and Safety for the Urbana Hawks during their then State record 50 game win streak. Becoming, along with Billy Gaines and Eric Lenz, one of the only Sophomores to make the start for Dave Carruthers at Urbana.
Coaching career
Barnes began his coaching career in 2009 as the running backs coach for Delaware Valley University. In 2010, he coached running backs West Virginia Wesleyan College. In 2011, Barnes served as offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach for West Virginia Wesleyan.
Barnes got his first coaching opportunity at the Division I level as a graduate assistant at the University of Florida. He held this role from 2012-2014.
In 2015, he joined the staff at the University of Michigan as a defensive analyst.
From 2016-2018, he served as linebackers coach and special teams coordinator for the University of Maryland.
Ohio State
In 2019, Barnes accepted a job on Ryan Day's staff at Ohio State as assistant secondary coach and special teams coordinator. Prior to the 2020 season, Barnes was given the title of safeties coach and special teams coordinator. Barnes was then named the secondary coach on February 3, 2021.
Following defensive struggles for the Buckeyes in the beginning of the 2021 season, defensive coordinator Kerry Coombs was stripped of defensive play calling duties, which were given to Barnes.
Memphis
On January 1, 2022, it was reported that Barnes would become the defensive coordinator at Memphis.
References
1986 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Salisbury Seagulls football players
Delaware Valley Aggies football coaches
West Virginia Wesleyan Bobcats football coaches
Florida Gators football coaches
Michigan Wolverines football coaches
Maryland Terrapins football coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes football coaches
Intent or intention refers an agent's specific purpose in performing an action or series of actions.
Intent or intention may also refer to:
Arts, entertainment, and media
Intention (book), a 1957 book by the philosopher G. E. M. Anscombe
Intention (film), a South Korean documentary film about the sinking of the MV Sewol
"Intention" (song), a 2008 song by Kenichi Suzumura
"Intention" (Intelligent Music Project song), the Bulgarian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2022
Computing and technology
Intent (Android), an abstract description of an operation to be performed in the Android development environment
Intent (software), Tao Group's software platform
Law
Intention (criminal law), intent or knowledge of wrongdoing, a necessary element of some crimes
Intention in English law, a type of mens rea that partially constitutes a crime
Original intent, a theory of legal interpretation
Other uses
Intent (military), a capability in military doctrine
See also
Goal (disambiguation)
Intend (disambiguation)
Mens rea
Objective (disambiguation)
Purpose (disambiguation)
Freeway is the debut album by Russian pop duo Smash!!. It was released in Eastern Europe in 2003 and Southeast Asia in 2004. It is primarily composed of English songs.
Track listing
Original release
"The Real Thing"
"Talk to Me"
"Should Have Loved You More"
"Freeway"
"Make a Little Time"
"The One to Cry"
"Rich Boy"
"Don't Look Back"
"Gonna Be Our Night"
"Belle"
"Molitva (Молитва)"
"Talk to Me" (Energy Mix by That Black)
Re-release
"The Real Thing"
"Talk to Me"
"Should Have Loved You More"
"Freeway"
"Make a Little Time"
"The One to Cry"
"Rich Boy"
"Don't Look Back"
"Gonna Be Our Night"
"Belle"
"Molitva" (New Mix) (Молитва)
"From Souvenirs to Souvenirs"
"Zvezda Kak Sleza" (Звезда Как Слеза)
"Rich Boy" (Remix)
Asian release (2004)
"Faith"
"The Real Thing"
"Talk to Me"
"Should Have Loved You More"
"Freeway" (New Mix)
"Make a Little Time"
"Obsession"
"The One to Cry"
"Rich Boy"
"Don't Look Back"
"Gonna Be Our Night"
"Belle" (Notre Dame Paris)
"Freeway"
"Rich Boy" (Remix)
References
2003 albums
Smash (Russian band) albums
Donald Albert Watson (January 6, 1934 – January 7, 2020) was an American football player and coach. He played college football at Texas A&M University (1954–1957), where he was one of the "Junction Boys", and later served as the assistant coach at his alma mater from 1965 to 1970. Watson was also the assistant coach at Virginia Tech (1957–1958), University of Houston (1960–1961), Tulane University (1962–1963), and the University South Carolina (1963–1964).
Early years and playing career
Watson played his high school sports in Franklin, Texas where he won all-state honors. Don was a 1952 graduate of Franklin High School, graduating salutatorian of his class. During his high school athletic career, he earned 18 letters in sports. Because of Watson's memorable performance, Franklin's Head Coach, Joe Hedrick retired Don Watson's jersey #17 in 1960. He was recruited to Texas A&M University to play college football by then-head coach Raymond George. At Texas A&M, Watson was a member of the famed Junction Boys under head coach Bear Bryant. In 1956, he helped the team finish 9–0–1 and capture its first Southwest Conference championship since 1939. Watson received his Bachelor of Physical Education degree from Texas A&M in 1957.
Coaching career
Virginia Tech (1957–1958),
University of Houston (1960–1961)
Tulane University (1962–1963)
University South Carolina (1963–1964)
Texas A&M (1965 to 1970)
In 1965 Watson was named assistant coach with his alma mater, Texas A&M. During his tenure, the Aggies won the Southwest Conference in 1967. At the end of that season Texas A&M went on to a victory over Alabama and mentor Bear Bryant in the Cotton Bowl. Watson retired from coaching at the end of the 1970 season.
References
1934 births
2020 deaths
Texas A&M Aggies football players
Houston Cougars football coaches
Virginia Tech Hokies football coaches
Tulane Green Wave football coaches
South Carolina Gamecocks football coaches
Texas A&M Aggies football coaches
Players of American football from Texas
Coaches of American football from Texas
People from McAllen, Texas
Callimetopus lumawigi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1980. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1980
Brandon Costin (born 23 June 1972) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. He initially played under the name Brandon Pearson. He played for the Huddersfield Giants, Canberra Raiders, South Sydney Rabbitohs, the Bradford Bulls and the United States national rugby league team. His position was , although he often featured at other positions including or .
Playing career
A Dubbo junior, Costin made his début for South Sydney Rabbitohs in 1993, before switching to Western Suburbs Magpies for the next season.
Costin spent 4 seasons with the Magpies. In 1994, he made 8 appearances, but managed to score seven tries in the last five games of the year. His try-scoring form continued in the start on the 1995 season, scoring 6 in the first five games. Towards the end of the year he was moved from centre to five-eighth.
In 1996, Costin was a regular in the centres, playing in every game of the season. In the round 12 match against the Gold Coast Seagulls, Costin scored three tries in one match. That year the Magpies played semi-final football, but were knocked out in their first match.
Midway through the 1997 season, Costin made a late change to join Eastern Suburbs. He went on to play in 2 semi-finals with the Roosters that year, but did not play in the Preliminary Final that they lost.
In 1999, Ben Kennedy and Costin were sent home from training after being involved in a drinking session. There were claims that the pair had taken drugs, and Costin confessed to taking an illicit substance, but Kennedy claimed to have spat the tablet out. Subsequent drug tests for both returned negative.
As Super League VI champions, the Bradford Bulls played against 2001 NRL Premiers, the Newcastle Knights in the 2002 World Club Challenge. Costin was selected for the interchange bench in Bradford's victory.
Costin played for the Bradford Bulls at centre in their 2002 Super League Grand Final loss against St. Helens.
In the 2003 Super League season, Costin was a nominee for the Man of Steel Award and was the 4th highest try scorer, despite missing the last 5 games through injury. He left the club at the end of the 2004 season and went into semi-retirement.
After his retirement from professional football, Costin played and coached with Souths Logan in Brisbane.
Coaching career
In 2010, Costin was coach of the Queensland Residents side. In 2018 he coached the Coffs Harbour Comets in the Group 2 Rugby League. An injury crisis at the club saw Costin playing in the semis that year at 46 years old.
Costin took over as coach of Fiji in 2019. His first match in charge was a 58-14 win over Lebanon.
References
External links
Super League Stats
Sources
1972 births
Living people
Australian people of American descent
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Bradford Bulls players
Canberra Raiders players
Country New South Wales Origin rugby league team players
Fiji national rugby league team coaches
Huddersfield Giants players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Dubbo
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Sydney Roosters players
United States national rugby league team players
Western Suburbs Magpies players
Sugar is heavily marketed both by sugar producers and the producers of sugary drinks and foods. Apart from direct marketing methods such as messaging on packaging, television ads, advergames, and product placement in setting like blogs, industry has worked to steer coverage of sugar-related health information in popular media, including news media and social media.
Sugar refiners and manufacturers of sugary foods and drinks have also sought to influence medical research and public health recommendations. The results of research on the health effects of sugary food and drink differ significantly, depending on whether the researcher has financial ties to the food and drink industry. The authors of a 2016 review of funding bias concluded that "This industry seems to be manipulating contemporary scientific processes to create controversy and advance their business interests at the expense of the public's health".
History
In the early 1950s, sugar was marketed as a healthy substance that would help curb hunger and provide an energy boost. More recent methods are necessarily less direct. Methods of marketing sugary products include:
marketing high-sugar versions of established low-sugar brands as flavour variations
using words associated with health, such as "healthy", "natural", "naturally sweetened" and "lightly sweetened"
using associations with fruit to imply healthiness
shill advertising, through front groups and individuals with no obvious connection to the sugar industry, including people presenting themselves as independent scientists
targeting women, who make much food purchasing decisions
targeting children; below age seven, they have difficulty recognizing persuasive intent, and below the age of twelve, they are more easily distracted from it than adults. Almost a quarter of food industry advertising money is spent on advertising to children.
positioning sugary drinks and foods as a freedom-of-choice issue rather than a public health one
Influence on health information and guidelines
Sugar refiners and manufacturers of sugary foods and drinks have sought to influence medical research and public health recommendations, with substantial spending documented from the 1960s to 2016. The results of research on the health effects of sugary food and drink differ significantly, depending on whether the researcher has financial ties to the food and drink industry. The authors of a 2016 review of funding bias concluded that "This industry seems to be manipulating contemporary scientific processes to create controversy and advance their business interests at the expense of the public's health". A 2013 review concluded that "unhealthy commodity industries should have no role in the formation of national or international NCD [non-communicable disease] policy".
There have been similar efforts to steer coverage of sugar-related health information in popular media, including news media and social media.
The Sugar Research Foundation, a trade association for the sugar industry, conceived, funded, and participated in an influential 1967 medical review. It was called "SRF Funds Project 226", and published as "Dietary Fats, Carbohydrates and Atherosclerotic Vascular Disease". While this took place in 1965–1967, it was documented in a 2016 JAMA Internal Medicine publication which reviewed industry documents. Among the researchers who put their names to the 1967 review, David Mark Hegsted went on to write national nutrition guidelines, and Fredrick J. Stare was head of Harvard University's nutrition department. Rules surrounding conflicts of interest in academic publishing were laxer then, helping the payment to go undeclared. Taking into account "other recent analyses of sugar industry documents", the 2016 review concludes that such actions were part of a wider industry-sponsored research program in the 1960s and 1970s. It also concludes that "Policymaking committees should consider giving less weight to food industry–funded studies".
Immediately afterwards, the same Sugar Research Foundation funded a study comparing sugar-fed and starch-fed rats. "SRF Funds Project 259: Dietary Carbohydrate and Blood Lipids in Germ-Free Rats" was funded from 1967 until 1971, when, after reporting preliminary results to the funders, it did not have its funding renewed. The research was never published.
The U.S. National Institute of Dental Research's 1971 National Caries Program was lobbied by the sugar industry, which substantially influenced the types of research the caries program called for. Research on food cariogenicity that could have harmed the sugar industry was omitted from funding priorities. The NIDR's public health task force on caries and an industry task force on caries had almost exactly the same members. The NIDR copied 78% of the industry groups' report into their own, with portions being copied verbatim.
After the WHO recommended cutting sugar consumption to less than 10% of daily energy intake in 1990, the International Life Sciences Institute gained accreditation as a research organization the WHO and FAO. The institute was founded by parties including Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and General Foods. Phillip James, head of the International Obesity Taskforce, considered that this accreditation increased industry influence over world health guidelines.
The development of official European dietary guidelines was influenced by European sugar industry groups, who in 2000 threatened to block the report if a recommendation to limit sugar consumption to less than 10% of daily energy intake were not removed. The medical experts felt forced change the recommendation, to one that sugar should not be eaten more than four times a day.
Industry groups also criticized the evidence behind the World Health Organization 2003 recommended limit on free sugar consumption (again, to less than 10% of daily energy intake). The US sugar industry additionally lobbied the US Congress to cut funding to the WHO.
When the WHO updated the recommendations, a decade later in 2013, it commissioned two reviews, and found support for both the earlier recommendation and a new, stricter one, half as high as the old limit. This also met with industry opposition. The WHO began requiring anyone submitting formal comments on the proposal to fill out a conflict-of-interest form.
In 2011, the competing Corn Refiners Association (which makes sugar syrups) and the Sugar Association became involved in a lawsuit against one another, which continued as of 2015. In the course of this lawsuit, numerous internal documents were made public. These revealed funding of over $10 million to James Rippe for health research and media outreach, and a combined $4 million to Citizens for Health and Center for Consumer Freedom, which publicly opposed one another's views on the healthiness of the rival products without acknowledging their funding (such shilling is legal in the US following the Citizens United ruling).
In 2015, it was reported that Coca-Cola had paid millions to promote controversial health messages related to sweet drinks, ranging from academic research to social media posts, since 2008. The money went to researchers, dietitians, health experts, research organizations, and professional associations, among others.
Following this media attention, Coca-Cola released information on almost $120 million U.S. dollars given out to medical, health and community organizations between 2010 and 2015. These include $29 million for academic research; the largest donation was $7.5 million to Louisiana State University's Pennington Biomedical Research Center. Coca-Cola has now announced that it will "pull back" (reporter's phrasing) from funding health experts and obesity research, in order to improve its transparency.
Labelling
Sugar is added to ingredients lists under dozens of different names, which, where ingredients lists are in order from largest to smallest quantity, can let sugars appear spuriously lower on the ingredients list.
2016 US nutritional labelling changes
In 2016, the FDA enacted new requirements for US nutrition labels, which include calorie count in larger type and a separate line for added sugars. By July 2018 most manufacturers will need to use the new label.
The new FDA requirements were initially proposed in 2014, they met with strong opposition from sugar and sugary food producers. Industry claimed the new rule lacked any scientific justification. Many specific companies also wrote letters requesting certain products to be exempt from the rule. The head of Ocean Spray Cranberries wrote a letter to the FDA explaining that cranberries without sugar are "unpalatable" and claimed that they needed to be an exception to the bill. The American Beverage Association wanted the measurement on the back of their labels to be in grams instead of teaspoons, saying that teaspoon measurements would carry a negative connotation that misrepresents the factual nature of nutritional information.
The changes had bipartisan support; George W. Bush supported the FDA in its request for the legislation, and, after it was enacted under Barack Obama, said that the government had "got this right".
Campaigns to lower sugar consumption
A community campaign in Howard County, Maryland, used the media to influence the attitudes and behaviors about the relationship between sugary drinks and obesity. The "Howard County Unsweetened" campaign used social media, television ads, in-person marketing, and community organizations to encourage people to drink less sugary drinks, and promoted water as a substitute. This campaign was modeled after a study done in Portland, Oregon that found community based interventions were successful in influencing consumers likelihood of purchasing sugary drinks in supermarkets. Researchers associated sugary drinks with obesity, heart disease, and diabetes to influence the attitudes of the consumers and the purchasing behaviors of consumers.
Sugar taxes
Sugar taxes have been used to reduce the consumption of sugary drinks, often in combination with public information campaigns.
A 2010 study of a sugar taxes in the US found that they decreased consumption of taxed drinks, but increased the consumption of untaxed high-calorie drinks, removing the benefit.
In Mexico, sugary drink consumption dropped after a public health campaign including a sugar tax came in in 2014, and dropped further a year later. A 2015 tax in Berkeley, California, had a similar effect, although overall grocery spending did not decline. In 2016, the far larger city of Philadelphia brought in a sugar tax to fund children's programs.
See also
Sugar industry
Ancel Keys
Notes
References
Sugar industry
Elcat or ELCat may refer to:
Elcat Electric Vehicles
Catalogue of Endangered Languages (ELCat)
Hanna (Hannah) Helena (Helen) Chrzanowska (7 October 1902 – 29 April 1973) was a Polish Roman Catholic who served as a nurse and was also a Benedictine oblate. Chrzanowska worked as a nurse during World War II when the Nazi regime targeted Poles but she tended to the wounded and the ailing throughout the conflict and sought to minimize suffering in her own parish. Chrzanowska was awarded two prestigious Polish awards for her good works and died in 1973 after an almost decade-long bout with cancer.
Her cause of sainthood commenced over a decade after her death and she was titled as a Servant of God on 28 April 1997. Pope Francis declared her to be venerable on 30 September 2015 upon the confirmation of her heroic virtue and later approved her beatification in mid-2017; Chrzanowska was beatified on 28 April 2018 in Poland.
Life
Hanna Helena Chrzanowska was born on 7 October 1902 in Warsaw to Ignacy Chrzanowski (5 February 1866 – 19 January 1940) and Wanda Szlenkier; her brother was Bogden Karol Chrzanowski. She was part of an industrialist (maternal side) and a land-owning household (paternal side) that maintained a long-standing tradition of charitable works; her parents were well known for this in their native Poland. Her home's religious circumstances were also quite unique since half were Roman Catholic and the other half was Protestant (descended from the Jauch house). Chrzanowska was a relative of the Nobel laureate Henryk Sienkiewicz (on her father's side) who was best known for writing the novel Quo Vadis.
Her maternal grandfather Karol set up a technical school for aspiring artisans while his wife Maria set up a health center for poor children in Warsaw. Her maternal aunt Zofia Szlenkier was known for her philanthropic efforts and in 1913 founded a children's hospital named after Maria and Karol. Since her childhood she suffered from respiratory and immune system deficiencies and spent a great deal of time in hospitals and sanatoriums in order to recover from such ailments. As a child she once noticed a boy alongside her in hospital whose clothes were so worn out to the point they were thrown out. But that meant the boy had no clothes he could wear to return home. So she arranged to present him with a new set of clothes much to his delight. In 1910 the family relocated from Warsaw to Kraków.
Chrzanowska – a curious and exuberant individual – attended an Ursuline high school in her adolescence and graduated with honors. During the Bolshevik Revolution she tended to the wounded soldiers and later commenced her studies at the School of Nursing in Warsaw in 1920. Sometime in the 1920s she suffered an arm injury and was required to have an operation. It was also around this stage that she worked under the Servant of God Magdalena Maria Epstein. Before she was admitted into nursing school she volunteered at a clinic for six months but was assigned bookkeeping duties that did not appeal to her for she wanted to be with people. She gained a scholarship to a nursing school in France in 1925 while later going on to work with the members of the U.S. Red Cross as a nurse in a time when the profession was not so well respected. Chrzanowska also travelled to Belgium to observe the nursing profession there as part of her education so as to gain greater experience and broader knowledge of the field. During her time as a nurse she became a leading light in the field in her region and became a well known face in her local area due to her temperance and her good works amongst the people whom she was dedicated to serving. Chrzanowska became an instructor at the University School of Nurses and Hygienists in Krakow from 1926 until 1929 and also served as the editor of the monthly publication "Nurse Poland" from 1929 to 1939. She also worked to help form the Catholic Association of Polish Nurses in 1937.
She became a member of the Benedictine oblate due to being drawn to Saint Benedict of Nursia and aspiring to follow his example and the message of the Gospel in an effort to draw closer to God; she also wanted to fuse her faith with her work as merciful and charitable work.
In 1940 during World War II she lost her father who died during the Sonderaktion Krakau at the Sachsenhausen concentration camp and her lieutenant brother Bogden died at the hands of Soviet soldiers on the orders of Joseph Stalin in the Katyn massacre. As the war continued she organized nurses for home care in Warsaw and helped to both feed and resettle refugees. At the conclusion of the war she became the head of a nursing home where she attended to administrative duties and cared for residents while working with nursing students. Chrzanowska also served as the director of the School of Psychiatric Nursing in Kobierzyn until the Communists closed it. After sometime she moved into nursing the poor and the neglected in her own parish area. Chrzanowska attained a scholarship to the United States of America from 1946 until 1947.
In 1966 she was diagnosed with cancer and despite several operations (one being on 13 December 1966) the disease spread. The then-Father Franciszek Macharski visited her on 12 April 1973 and gave her the Anointing of the Sick while she later lost consciousness on 28 April. Chrzanowska succumbed to the disease on 29 April 1973 in her apartment at 4:00am and the Cardinal Archbishop of Krakow Karol Józef Wojtyła – the future Pope John Paul II – celebrated her funeral. On 6 April 2016 her remains were exhumed for examination and were reburied on 7 April at a celebration that Cardinal Macharski presided over.
Honors
Chrzanowska received two prestigious honors in her lifetime in recognition of her good works:
Odznaka honorowa „Za wzorową pracę w służbie zdrowia” (1957)
the Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice medal – received in 1965.
the Order of Polonia Restituta (Knight's Cross) – received in 1971.
Beatification
The beatification process commenced in Poland on 28 April 1997 when the Congregation for the Causes of Saints granted their assent to the cause. The diocesan process spanned from 3 November 1998 until January 2003 and it saw the accumulation of documents and witness testimonies in order to collate work on her life and her exercise of the virtues. The C.C.S. validated this local process sometime later on 11 January 2008. The Positio was presented to Rome for further evaluation in 2011 and Pope Francis recognized that she had lived a life of heroic virtue thus proclaimed her to be Venerable on 30 September 2015.
The next step was for a miracle to be attributed to her for her beatification. One such case was investigated in Kraków and was validated in Rome on 21 May 2010. Pope Francis confirmed this miracle in mid-2017 and was beatified in Poland on 28 April 2018.
The current postulator for this cause is Father Antoni Sołtysik.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
Santi e Beati
1902 births
1973 deaths
20th-century venerated Christians
20th-century Polish people
Benedictines
Deaths from cancer in Poland
People in health professions from Warsaw
Polish Roman Catholics
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Venerated Catholics by Pope Francis
Polish nurses
People from Warsaw
Polish beatified people
Benedictine beatified people
Beatifications by Pope Francis
Polish Benedictines
Benedictine oblates
Burials at Rakowicki Cemetery
Nursing education
Nursing educators
Nursing researchers
Nursing theorists
Varntresk Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Hattfjelldal Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Varntresk. It is one of the churches for the Hattfjelldal parish which is part of the Indre Helgeland prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The brown, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1986 using plans drawn up by the architect Pål Guthorm Kavli. The church seats about 70 people. The church was consecrated on 31 August 1986.
See also
List of churches in Sør-Hålogaland
References
Hattfjelldal
Churches in Nordland
Wooden churches in Norway
20th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1986
1986 establishments in Norway
Long churches in Norway
Jesse Durbin Ward (February 11, 1819 – May 22, 1886) was an Ohio lawyer, politician, newspaper publisher, and American Civil War officer.
Early life and career
Ward was born in Augusta, Kentucky. His mother, Rebecca Patterson, named him in honor of the Rev. John Price Durbin (1800–1876), a noted Methodist preacher, who was a schoolmate of hers.
Around 1823, the family moved to Fayette County, Indiana, in the southeastern part of that state. Josiah Morrow, the historian of Warren County, wrote of Ward:
His early opportunities for education were limited, but such was his thirst for knowledge that he became an insatiable reader, and, when he was eighteen years old he had read every book he had ever seen. He has never lost his studious habits, and when at home he is most frequently found in his library . . . .
He attended for two years Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, one county east of Fayette and across the state line, then taught school in Warren County and settled there. He studied law under Judge George J. Smith (1799–1878) and Thomas Corwin, a Lebanon attorney who later was Governor of Ohio. After he was admitted to practice, he was Corwin's law partner.
In 1845, Ward, a Whig, was elected Warren County's seventh Prosecuting Attorney, an office once held by Governor Corwin. He served from 1846 to 1850. From 1853 to 1854, he represented Warren County in the Fiftieth General Assembly, the first held under the new state constitution adopted in 1851. He served only one two-year term in the legislature. During that time, he sponsored legislation for the state to abandon the unprofitable Warren County Canal that connected Lebanon to the Miami and Erie Canal at Middletown.
Upon his retirement from the legislature, he opened a law office in Cincinnati, Ohio, but continued to live at Lebanon. Ward switched to the Democratic Party about this time and was its nominee for Congress in 1856 and Attorney General in 1858. (He lost the latter to Republican Christopher Wolcott.) In 1860, he supported Illinois Senator Stephen A. Douglas for President.
Civil War
When President Abraham Lincoln called for volunteers to fight in the Civil War, Ward was the first in his congressional district to enlist. He entered the army as a private, declining a commission. He rose to be a major in the 17th Ohio Volunteer Infantry and saw action at Mill Springs, Corinth, Stone River, Hoover's Gap, and Chickamauga. At Chickamauga, his left arm was wounded and permanently crippled. Ward was appointed colonel of the 17th Ohio Volunteer Infantry on March 1, 1864. He resigned his commission on November 8, 1864.
On January 13, 1866 President Andrew Johnson nominated Ward for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general, to rank from October 18, 1865, for his "gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Chickamauga," and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866.
Postbellum career
After the war ended, President Andrew Johnson named him United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio. In 1870, he was elected a senator in the Ohio General Assembly.
At Lebanon, Ward founded The Lebanon Patriot, a Democratic paper first published on January 16, 1868. Warren County being ardently Republican, the paper was to take the place of the previous Democratic paper in the county, the Democratic Citizen, which was destroyed by a mob at the outbreak of the Civil War. Ward sold the paper to Edward Warwick in the 1870s.
In 1883, Ward was president of the Ohio State Bar Association.
Death
Jesse Durbin Ward died at Lebanon, Ohio on May 22, 1886. He was buried at Lebanon Cemetery, Lebanon, Ohio.
See also
List of American Civil War brevet generals (Union)
Notes
References
Dallas R. Bogan. Warren County's Involvement in the Civil War. Franklin, Ohio: The Author, 1991.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Josiah Morrow. The History of Warren County, Ohio. Chicago: W.H. Beers, 1883.
Further reading
External links
|-
|-
1819 births
1886 deaths
19th-century American newspaper founders
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Methodists from Ohio
American newspaper publishers (people)
County district attorneys in Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Miami University alumni
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Ohio Whigs
19th-century American politicians
People from Augusta, Kentucky
Politicians from Cincinnati
People from Lebanon, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army generals
United States Attorneys for the Southern District of Ohio
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
Journalists from Ohio
Southern Methodists
John Joseph Bell (born January 29, 1963) is an American politician and a retired United States Air Force officer. A Democrat, he currently serves in the Virginia Senate by representing the 13th district. From 2016 to 2020 he served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 87th District. Both districts are located in Loudoun County and Prince William County.
Career
Bell served in the United States Air Force from 1981 to 2007, working as a finance officer and retiring as a Major.
From 2016 to 2020, Bell represented the 87th District in the Virginia House of Delegates.
In August 2018, Bell announced he would run in 2019 for Virginia State Senate District 13, then represented by Republican Dick Black. Bell's announcement came with endorsements from 14 elected Democrats in Virginia, including state Attorney General Mark Herring, House of Delegates Minority Leader David Toscano, and state senator Jennifer Wexton, who was subsequently elected to U.S. Congress.
Bell won the election in November 2019, defeating Republican Loudoun County supervisor Geary Higgins in the general election.
Personal life
Bell is married to wife Margaret, who is a local realtor. They have five children and three grandchildren.
References
1963 births
Living people
Virginia state senators
Virginia Democrats
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
Regis University alumni
George Washington University alumni
People from Loudoun County, Virginia
21st-century American politicians
United States Air Force officers
Western New England University alumni
Fashion File was a Canadian television series, which aired on CBC Television and CBC Newsworld, as well as internationally in syndication, from 1989 to 2009. The series covered fashion industry news. Fashion File was created and developed by Karen Morrison, who was the program Series Producer & Director.
The series was hosted from its inception until 2006 by Tim Blanks, who left the show at the end of 2006 to join the Canadian fashion magazine Flare as editor-at-large. Over the winter of 2007, the CBC aired Fashion File Host Hunt, a short-run reality show in which ten finalists competed to become the new host of the show. Adrian Mainella was chosen as the new host of the series at the end of the Host Hunt. Other contestants included Peter Papapetrou, Manny Neubacher, Justin Singh, Paul Pogue, Mary Kitchen, Stephanie Pigott, Jamey Ordolis, Raji Sohal and Henrietta Southam. The judges were fashion magazine editors Bronwyn Cosgrave and Suzanne Boyd, and Fashion File executive producer Réjean Beaudin. The series was hosted by Michelle Mama.
As of the end of March 2009, Fashion File was cancelled by CBC Television. The press release cites the "current financial situation."
References
External links
Fashion File
Fashion File Host Hunt
CBC Television original programming
1980s Canadian television news shows
1990s Canadian television news shows
2000s Canadian television news shows
1989 Canadian television series debuts
2009 Canadian television series endings
Fashion-themed television series
Fashion journalism
CBC News Network original programming
Sri Ramayanamu (Telugu శ్రీ రామాయణము) is the magnum opus work by Katta Varadaraju in Telugu based on the Hindu epic Ramayana. This Ramayana presented to the Telugu public for the first time is a unique production of Dwipada Kavya, which belongs to Desi or indigenous literary compositions.
The author
The author Katta Varadaraju is a 16th-century poet and also a ruler after the Vijayanagara period. He is already known to the literary world through the publication of his Prabandha Srirangamāhātmyam in 1921. He is a Kshatriya of the solar race and a descendant of the famous Karikala Chola, who constructed the anicut (Kattu in Telugu) on the river Kaveri, from which his house or family name Katta is derived. He is the son of Haridasaraju and his grandfather was Rangappa Raju, an ally of Ramadevarayulu of the Aravidu dynasty. The latter ruled at Chandragiri from 1614 to 1632 and is a cousin of our Varadaraju. An inscription states that Varadarāja's father was living in 1637 A.D. and hence it can be said that Varadaraju was living about 1650 A.D. The last Telugu poet whom Varadaraju mentions is Allasani Peddana, the poet laureate in the time of Krishna Devaraya (1509—30). Varadaraju is a staunch vaishnavite and a disciple of one Etirājācharya. He is a sincere devotee of God Sri Venkateswara of Tirupati,
His other available works are Srirangamāhātmyamu and Paramabhāgavatacharitra. The former work is a translation of Satādhyāyi from Garuda Purana describing the greatness of the shrine at Srirangam. It is in ten cantos and written in classical prabandha style. The latter work is also a Prabantha in 8 cantoes and deals with the lives of the 14 devotees (Parama Bhakthas, i.e. Prahlada, Nārada, Parašara, Pundarika, Vyasa, Ambarisa, Śuka, Saunaka, Bhisma, Dalbhya, Rukmangada, Arjuna, Vaśīstha, and Vibhāşana). Unfortunately the whole work is not available.
Publication
The Government Oriental Manuscripts Library, Madras published this work in four volumes. The first volume consists of Balakanda and Ayodhya Kandas, second volume consists of Aranya and Kishkindha Kandas, third volume consists of Sundara Kanda and the fourth volume consists of Yuddha kanda.
The only manuscript copy of this work is preserved in the Thanjavur Maharaja Serfojis Sarawswathi Mahal Library. This great work is published by the authorities of the Tanjore Palace Library under the patronage of the Madras Government. All the volumes are critically edited with detailed introduction written by N. Venkata Rao, senior lecturer and Head of the Telugu department, Madras University.
Legacy
Kadiyana Venkataramana has done critical analysis of Sri Ramayanamu of Katta Varadaraju in 1986, as a part of thesis work under the guidance of K. J. Krishna Murthy. It was published by Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati with a title Katta Varadarajakavi Dwipada Ramayanamu - Oka Pariseelana in 1998.
References
Works based on the Ramayana
Telugu-language literature
Frances Degen Horowitz (May 5, 1932 – March 15, 2021) was an American developmental psychologist who served as President of the Graduate from Center, City University of New York from 1991 to 2005. She was instrumental in raising the stature of the institution and moving it to its current location in the B. Altman and Company Building on Fifth Avenue of New York City.
Horowitz served as president of the American Psychological Association (APA) Division 7 (Developmental Psychology) from 1977 to 1978. She served as president of the American Psychological Foundation from 1991 to 1994 and as president of the Society for Research in Child Development from 1997 to 1999.
Horowitz was known for her research and teaching around the world, particularly in infant behavior and development. She authored more than 120 articles, chapters, monographs, and books on the subjects of infant development, early childhood development, high-risk infants, the gifted, and theories of development.
Biography
Frances Degen was born in the Bronx and raised in a predominantly Jewish neighborhood. She met her future husband, Floyd Ross Horowitz, when she was 11 years old. They married in 1953 and had two sons together.
Horowitz completed a bachelor's degree in philosophy at Antioch College in 1954. She obtained a master's degree in elementary education at Goucher College, also in 1954. After working as a public school teacher in Iowa City, she returned to school to pursue a doctorate in developmental psychology, graduating from the University of Iowa in 1959. She completed her dissertation, titled The incentive value of social stimuli for preschool children, under the supervision of Boyd R. McCandless at the Iowa Child Welfare Research Station.
Horowitz was an assistant professor at Southern Oregon College from 1959 to 1961 before joining the faculty of the University of Kansas. She served as Founder and Chair of the Department of Human Development and Family Life from 1968 to 1978, and as Vice Chancellor for Research, Graduate Studies and Public Service at the University of Kansas from 1978 to 1991.
Honors and awards
Horowitz was a member of Sigma Xi, as well as a fellow of both the American Psychological Association and the Association for Psychological Science. She held a fellowship at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences from 1983 to 1984. She was elected a fellow of the American Association for Advancement of Science in 1994, the New York Academy of Sciences in 2000, and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2004. She was named Chair of the Antioch College Board of Trustees in 2012.
Horowitz received the Outstanding Educator of America Award in 1973. She was awarded the Distinguished Psychologist in Management Award from the Society of Psychologists in Leadership in 1993. She was named an Alumni Fellow of the University of Iowa in 2005.
Books
Horowitz, F. D. (1975). Visual attention, auditory stimulation, and language discrimination in young infants. University of Chicago Press.
Horowitz, F. D. (Ed.) (1978). Early developmental hazards: Predictors and precautions. Routledge.
Horowitz, F. D. (1987). Exploring developmental theories: Toward a structural/behavioral model of development. Psychology Press.
Horowitz, F. D., Subotnik, R. F., & Matthews, D. J. (Eds.). (2009). The development of giftedness and talent across the life span. American Psychological Association.
Representative papers
Colombo, J., & Horowitz, F. D. (1987). Behavioral state as a lead variable in neonatal research. Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, 33(4), 423-437.
Horowitz, F. D. (1974). Infant attention and discrimination: Methodological and substantive issues. Monographs of the Society for Research in Child Development, 39(5-6), 1-15.
Horowitz, F. D. (1987). A developmental view of giftedness. Gifted Child Quarterly, 31(4), 165-168.
Horowitz, F. D. (1989). Using developmental theory to guide the search for the effects of biological risk factors on the development of children. The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, 50(3), 589-597.
Horowitz, F. D. (2000). Child development and the PITS: Simple questions, complex answers, and developmental theory. Child Development, 71(1), 1-10.
Nelson, C. A., & Horowitz, F. D. (1983). The perception of facial expressions and stimulus motion by two-and five-month-old infants using holographic stimuli. Child Development, 54(4), 868-877.
References
External links
Towards 2044: Horowitz Early Career Scholar Program of the Society for Research in Child Development
1932 births
2021 deaths
American women psychologists
Jewish American academics
American psychologists
Developmental psychologists
Antioch College alumni
Goucher College alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Graduate from Center, CUNY faculty
University of Kansas faculty
Fellows of the American Psychological Association
Fellows of the Association for Psychological Science
Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences fellows
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
American women academics
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
The 1926 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1926 college football season. In their fifth year under head coach Francis Schmidt, the Razorbacks compiled an overall record of 5–5 recor with a mark of 2–2 in conference play, placing in a three-way tie for third in the SWC. Arkansas's games against Ole Miss, Centenary, and LSU counted in the conference standings. The Razorbacks outscored all opponents by a combined total of 179 to 88.
Schedule
^ indicates a designated conference game.
References
Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks football seasons
Arkansas Razorbacks football
Melati is an Malay-Indonesian name that is derived from Sanskrit may refer to the following notable people:
Given name
Melati Daeva Oktavianti (born 1994), Indonesian badminton player
Melati van Java (1853–1927), Indonesian-born Dutch writer
Melati Suryodarmo (born 1969), Indonesian durational performance artist
Melati Wijsen (born 2001), Indonesian climate activist
Surname
Nadya Melati (born 1986), Indonesian badminton player
Rima Melati (born 1939), Indonesian actress and singer
Rima Melati Adams (born 1980), Singaporean model, actress, singer and TV personality
In the controlled demolition industry, building implosion is the strategic placing of explosive material and timing of its detonation so that a structure collapses on itself in a matter of seconds, minimizing the physical damage to its immediate surroundings. Despite its terminology, building implosion also includes the controlled demolition of other structures, such as bridges, smokestacks, towers, and tunnels.
Building implosion, which reduces to second a process which could take months or years to achieve by other methods, typically occurs in urban areas and often involves large landmark structures.
The actual use of the term "implosion" to refer to the destruction of a building is a misnomer. This had been stated of the destruction of 1515 Tower in West Palm Beach, Florida. "What happens is, you use explosive materials in critical structural connections to allow gravity to bring it down."
Terminology
The term building implosion can be misleading to laymen: The technique is not a true implosion phenomenon. A true implosion usually involves a difference between internal (lower) and external (higher) pressure, or inward and outward forces, that is so large that the structure collapses inward into itself.
In contrast, building implosion techniques do not rely on the difference between internal and external pressure to collapse a structure. Instead, the goal is to induce a progressive collapse by weakening or removing critical supports; therefore, the building can no longer withstand gravity loads and will fail under its own weight.
Numerous small explosives, strategically placed within the structure, are used to catalyze the collapse. Nitroglycerin, dynamite, or other explosives are used to shatter reinforced concrete supports. Linear shaped charges are used to sever steel supports. These explosives are progressively detonated on supports throughout the structure. Then, explosives on the lower floors initiate the controlled collapse.
A simple structure like a chimney can be prepared for demolition in less than a day. Larger or more complex structures can take up to six months of preparation to remove internal walls and wrap columns with fabric and fencing before firing the explosives.
Historical overview
As part of the demolition industry, the history of building implosion is tied to the development of explosives technology.
One of the earliest documented attempts at building implosion was the 1773 razing of Holy Trinity Cathedral in Waterford, Ireland with of gunpowder, a huge amount of explosives at the time. The use of low velocity explosive produced a deafening explosion that instantly reduced the building to rubble.
The late 19th century saw the erection of—and ultimately the need to demolish—the first skyscrapers, which had more complicated structures, allowing greater heights. This led to other considerations in the explosive demolition of buildings, such as worker and spectator safety and limiting collateral damage. Benefiting from the availability of dynamite, a high-velocity explosive based on a stabilized form of nitroglycerine, and borrowing from techniques used in rock-blasting, such as staggered detonation of several small charges, the process of building implosion gradually became more efficient.
Following World War II, European demolition experts, faced with huge reconstruction projects in dense urban areas, gathered practical knowledge and experience for bringing down large structures without harming adjacent properties. This led to the emergence of a demolition industry that grew and matured during the latter half of the twentieth century. At the same time, the development of more efficient high-velocity explosives, such as RDX, and non-electrical firing systems combined to make this a period of time in which the building implosion technique was extensively used.
Meanwhile, public interest in the spectacle of controlled building explosion also grew. The October 1994 demolition of the Sears Merchandise Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania drew a cheering crowd of 50,000, as well as protesters, bands, and street vendors selling building implosion memorabilia. Evolution in the mastery of controlled demolition led to the world record demolition of the Seattle Kingdome on March 26, 2000.
In 1997, the Royal Canberra Hospital in Canberra, Australia, was demolished. The main building did not fully disintegrate and had to be manually demolished. The explosion during the initial demolition attempt was not contained on the site and large pieces of debris were projected towards spectators away, in a location considered safe for viewing. A twelve-year-old girl was killed instantly, and nine others were injured. Large fragments of masonry and metal were found from the demolition site.
On October 24, 1998, the J. L. Hudson Department Store and Addition in Detroit, Michigan became the tallest, and the largest, building ever imploded.
On December 13, 2009, an unfinished 31-story condominium tower, known as the Ocean Tower, was imploded in South Padre Island, Texas. Construction on the new tower had begun in 2006, but it had been sinking unevenly during construction, which halted in 2008, and could not be saved. It is believed to be one of the tallest reinforced concrete structures ever imploded.
Building implosion has been successfully used at Department of Energy sites such as the Savannah River Site (SRS) in South Carolina and the Hanford Site in Washington. The SRS 185-3K or "K" Area Cooling Tower, built in 1992 to cool the water from the K Reactor, was no longer needed when the Cold War ended and was safely demolished by explosive demolition on May 25, 2010.
The Hanford Site Buildings 337, 337B, and the 309 Exhaust Stack, built in the early 1970s and vacated in the mid-2000s due to deteriorating physical condition, were safely razed by explosive demolition on October 9, 2010.
Gallery
See also
Controlled Demolition, Inc.
List of tallest voluntarily demolished buildings
References
External links
Demolition Simulation Advanced structural analysis for predicting demolitions.
A History of Structural Demolition in America by Brent L. Blanchard
How Building Implosions Work by Tom Harris on www.howstuffworks.com
Building Implosions Videos
Bank Implosion Videos and Photos Videos
Building engineering
Demolition
Articles containing video clips
Shea Zellweger (September 7, 1925 – August 7, 2022) was an American semiotician who served as Chair of the Psychology Department at the University of Mount Union from 1969 to 1992. Zellweger's lifetime achievements and academic contributions to education continue to be significant. Zellweger was probably best known for his creation of a simpler and more mentally intuitive system of logic notation called the Logic Alphabet. The Logic Alphabet, also known as the X-stem Logic Alphabet (XLA), is a notation system that contains a unique and visually iconographic approach to learning and performing logic operations. Patents have been issued on its design in the United States, Canada and Japan.
Personal life and death
Zellweger was born in Chicago, Illinois, on September 7, 1925. He received his Ph.D. in Experimental Psychology at Temple University in 1966. His doctoral dissertation focused on early visual stimulation experience and its later effects on discrimination learning.
Zellweger died in Alliance, Ohio, on August 7, 2022, at the age of 96.
Background
Zellweger's background is a combination of formal education and extensive research in the fields of Psychology, Pedagogy, Semiotics and Logic. In 1949, Zellweger attended a summer seminar at the Institute of General Semantics with Alfred Korzybski. In 1949–52, still in the era of Robert M. Hutchins and the Great Books Program, he earned his undergraduate degree at the University of Chicago. In 1975–76, he spent a year at the Biological Computer Laboratory, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, under the direction of Heinz von Foerster. In 1982, while on sabbatical leave at the Peirce Edition Project, in Indianapolis (IUPUI), he examined and carefully reordered a 900 page section of manuscripts written by Charles Sanders Peirce entitled “The Simplest Mathematics” (1902). In 1989, he served the Peirce Edition Project again when he added to the proper sequencing of specific sections of Peirce's extensive manuscripts. These multidisciplinary experiences contributed to the development, over a forty-year period, of his X-stem Logic Alphabet. Zellweger has been a respected academic speaker and author, especially in the fields of Semiotics and Education.
Publications
Zellweger's publications, as well as his unpublished materials, are extensive. A general principle expressed throughout his writings is the need for conscious and deliberate efforts that focus on the sign design and sign engineering of any and all kinds of notation (e.g. natural language and its specialized systems of logical, mathematical, chemical and musical notation). Moreover, his publications primarily center on the formal language of logic and improving the structure of its symbols. Specifically, he focuses on the deliberate engineering of a constructed language for logic called the X-stem Logic Alphabet (XLA). He emphasizes, with the mounting global prevalence of computers or “logic machines”, the importance of adopting a higher standard for the way we write and communicate logic. He brings to light the importance of a carefully constructed user-friendly notation that would allow students, at earlier stages of cognitive development, to learn and incorporate the fundamental skills of logic. He further highlights the importance of purposely designing our symbols of notation to be as cognitively ergonomic as possible, while simultaneously possessing multiple layers of rich content. The fundamental and applied principles of semiotic engineering are exemplified throughout his publications.
Contribution
Zellweger's contribution to the field of logic is best demonstrated through his development of the X-stem Logic Alphabet (XLA). The XLA notation is a highly advanced extension of both Charles Sanders Peirce's box-X notation (1902) and Warren Sturgis McCulloch's dot-X notation (1942). It could be said that XLA (1961–62) is the evolutionary product of the comprehensive work of Peirce, McCulloch, and Zellweger, or PMZ as an acronym. The standard notation used today (dot Logical conjunction, vee Logical disjunction, horseshoe Material conditional representing and, or, if) is a lingering, overly abstract, unsystematically selected set of symbols that was primarily developed and used by Peano, Whitehead, and Russell, or by common acronym PWR. This already exposes the primary weakness. Dot, vee, horseshoe do not carry any information that identifies, specifies, and encodes the truth tables they represent, namely, TFFF, TTTF, and TFTT. In marked contrast, XLA is an intentionally engineered set of sixteen iconographic letter shape symbols specifically designed to improve the efficiency of learning and performing logical operations. Serving as a system of highly abbreviated mini truth tables, Zellweger's claim is that XLA is not only much easier to learn. It is also much easier to use. In fact, when ten-base numerals are used without the abacus and when XLA is used without written laid out rows and columns of truth tables, ordinary operations in both notations are easier to perform during the act of computational writing.
It can be said that the current PWR symbols are to logic what Roman Numerals are to arithmetic. Roman Numerals (I, II, III) were cumbersome to use and only maintained a dominant role in arithmetic until 1202, when Leonardo Fibonacci in his work Liber Abaci, demonstrated that calculations with Hindu-Arabic numerals (1, 2, 3) were far more efficient. The lack of mental and written efficiency in the use of traditional PWR symbols may be because they are not icons. Therefore, these extremely abstract symbols cannot in writing visually depict the truth tables themselves, the simple geometric forms, the notational symmetry relations, and the isomorphic sets of interrelations inherent in logic. Conversely, the XLA symbols are iconographic and they possess a shape value. This enables complex logical operations to be performed through easy flips and rotations of the letter shape symbols themselves.
By design, the letter shape of each X-stem Logic Alphabet symbol visually embodies and displays its individual underlying logic truth table. In other words, after the simple and exact truth table code in the deep structure of XLA has been learned, operations performed on the letter shape symbols are equivalent to logical operations acting on highly abbreviated sets of mini truth tables. Consequently, those using XLA never have the need to interrupt their calculations to check rows and columns of laid out truth tables. This basic and central advantage of XLA over PWR is often not fully recognized, even by practiced logicians. Nonetheless, systems of notation evolve and improve over time (e.g. Roman Numerals to the Decimal System and Imperial Units to the Metric System).
In brief, XLA is described in two steps: (1) give the 16 binary connectives the right geometry, the right shape value anatomy; and (2) add the transformational physiology, namely, apply the algebra of simple symmetry groups to the 16 iconic letter shape symbols. Change comes with a whisper. This whisper presents a triple isomorphism. The mental operations are the same as the symmetry operations are the same as the logical operations. Said the other way around, the logical operations are the same as the symmetry operations are the same as the mental operations. Said again in a different order, the logical operations are the same as the mental operations are the same as the symmetry operations. Here we have a prime example of cognitive ergonomics at its best. The single act of performing any one automatically performs the other two.
Whether or not the (PMZ) (XLA) system, or something similar to it, replaces the traditional PWR symbols remains to be seen. Nonetheless, for researchers and semioticians, Zellweger's contributions to logic notation will most likely play a valuable role in future developments.
Teaching
Zellweger's teaching system, for logic, integrates the developmental and interactive approaches of Fröbel, Montessori, and Piaget. This is accomplished through the use of educational tools and models that predominantly focus on visual and kinesthetic learning modalities. At every level in the educational ladder, students of Zellweger's system learn in a natural and intuitive way through the use of sensory-motor exercises and a variety of interactive geometric models. (See video of Zellweger's teaching models at the Museum of Jurassic Technology:) These models, at the most advanced level, become extremely complex and beautiful.
Each X-stem Logic Alphabet symbol can be easily flipped or rotated, by eye-hand coordination, through a series of simple symmetry transformations. When a student can visually and manually observe the geometry and the network of symmetry relationships among all 16 binary connectives of two-valued logic, it then becomes far easier for them to perform what are normally considered to be highly abstract logical operations. Zellweger's publications and models permit students to literally “see”, “touch”, “play with”, “work with”, and “think about” the natural beauty of logic. His work is now on display at the Museum of Jurassic Technology, Culver City, California. (See Flickr image: )
References
External links
Photos of Additional XLA Diagrams
Interview with Shea Zellweger by Christine Wertheim
X-stem Logic Alphabet Homepage
1925 births
2022 deaths
American semioticians
Philosophers from Illinois
University of Mount Union faculty
People from Chicago
Sejad Halilović (born 16 March 1969) is a Bosnian former professional footballer who played for several clubs throughout Europe, including Dinamo Zagreb, Real Valladolid and Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
In addition, he played one game for the Croatia national team before Bosnia and Herzegovina gained independence and represented Bosnia and Herzegovina after they gained independence.
Playing career
Club
Halilović began his professional career in the Croatian team Cibalia. During the two years played Halilović 46 games and scored 4 goals.
In 1992, Halilović signed for Croatia Zagreb (now Dinamo Zagreb) for three seasons, during which he won the Croatian First Football League and Croatian Football Cup. During those three seasons, Halilović played 59 games and scored 9 goals.
During the summer of 1995, Halilović joined Real Valladolid, but after a season where he played 17 times and did not find the net, Halilović moved on to Hapoel Be'er Sheva. Halilović played a significant part in the team that won the Israel State Cup final after defeating Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. 1-0. During the summer of 1997, Halilović moved to the Turkish Süper Lig and played for three years for two different teams.
In 2000, Halilović returned to the Croatian First Football League for one season and signed for NK Osijek, but played only 8 games.
In season 2001/2002 Halilović returned once again to Israel and played for Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C., where he helped the team stay in the Premier League.
After playing for other teams in Croatia, Halilović retired from professional football in 2004 while at NK Ljubljana.
International
On 17 August 1994, Halilović played for Croatia against Israel at the Ramat Gan Stadium. The game ended in victory for Croatia.
He then switched allegiance and made his debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in an October 1996 FIFA World Cup qualification match in Bologna, ironically against his former representative team Croatia, and has earned a total of 15 caps, scoring no goals. His final international was a January 2000 friendly match against Qatar.
Managerial career
Halilović, started in 2008 to train the youth department of Dinamo Zagreb but left in 2014 because of his son Alen Halilović signed for FC Barcelona.
Personal life
Halilović is an ethnic Bosniak. During the Bosnian War in 1992 as a professional player, he moved to Vinkovci, then to Zagreb where he met his Croatian wife Vanessa. His son Alen is a professional footballer who has represented the Croatia national football team. His other two sons, Dino Halilović and Damir Halilović, are also professional players.
Honours
Club
Croatia Zagreb
Croatian League: 1992-93
Croatian Cup: 1993-94
Hapoel Be'er Sheva
Israel State Cup: 1996–97
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
People from Doboj
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosniaks of Croatia
Croatian Muslims
Association football midfielders
Yugoslav footballers
Croatian footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Croatia international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
Dual internationalists (football)
HNK Cibalia players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
Real Valladolid players
Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C. players
Kardemir Karabükspor footballers
Altay S.K. footballers
NK Osijek players
Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C. players
HNK Rijeka players
NK Ljubljana players
ND Mura 05 players
Yugoslav Second League players
Croatian Football League players
La Liga players
Israeli Premier League players
Süper Lig players
Liga Leumit players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
The California toad (Anaxyrus boreas halophilus) is a subspecies of the western toad, along with the boreal toad. The California toad lives throughout the state of California, with the exception of south-eastern desert regions. Like the boreal toad, it feeds on a wide variety of insects and invertebrates. Its diet includes grasshoppers, beetles, flies, and mosquitos.
Etymology
The scientific name is Anaxyrus boreas halophilus. Boreas is from the Greek word boreas which means “north wind” or “northern”, halophilus from the Greek halos meaning “sea” or “salt”, and philos meaning “having affinity for”.
Identification
The California toad is less blotched (reduced dorsal melanin) than the boreal toad. It has a wider head, larger eyes, smaller feet, and a weaker development of the margins along the dorsal stripe. The largest western toad larvae at 56 mm is also of the California toad. The toad has a wide range of dorsal coloration, from light gray to green to dull black; most however are brownish gray. The California toad, as a western toad, walks rather than hops The adult size range is two to five inches.
Habitat and distribution
The California toad occurs from all of Northern California and down south into Baja California. There are scattered populations in isolated desert areas, such as in the Mojave Desert, but they generally do not occur in the desert areas from Death Valley southward. The habitats for the California toad range from woodland, grassland, and meadows in forest areas to backyards and parks in the suburbs. It breeds in lakes, creeks, ponds, reservoirs, slowly flowing streams, and canals.
Reproduction
The California toad breeds from January to July, with later spawning occurring at higher elevations. Many populations are aggregation breeders that come to suitable marsh or pond spawning sites in large numbers. Here males recognize females through random amplexus. Eggs number over 16,000 per female and are laid in strings in shallow water.
References
Fauna of California
Fauna of the Western United States
Anaxyrus
Monika Zofia Pyrek-Rokita (born 11 August 1980) is a retired Polish pole vaulter.
Born in Gdynia, competing at the 2004 Olympics, she placed fourth with 4.55 metres, just behind another Polish pole vaulter born in Gdynia, Anna Rogowska. Monika Pyrek won a silver medal in the 2005 World Championships in Athletics with the result 4.60 m. She also won the silver medal at the 2006 European Athletics Championships.
Monika Pyrek's personal best is 4.82 metres.
She has won the Polish Championship several times, most recently at the 2007 Polish Athletics Championships in Poznań.
Medical Condition
In the interview with Sportowe Fakty, Pyrek revealed that in 2003, she was diagnosed with Hashimoto's thyroiditis. She wondered if she was diagnosed sooner, she might have won more medals.
For her sport achievements, she received:
Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (5th Class) in 2009.
She officially retired on 11 January 2013. A day later she married Norbert Rokita, her longtime agent and life partner.
Major competitions record
Taniec z Gwiazdami
Monika Pyrek won the 12th season of Polish Dancing with the Stars - Taniec z Gwiazdami.
References
External links
Official web site of Monika Pyrek (requires Adobe Flash for navigation)
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gdynia
Polish female pole vaulters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Poland
Knights of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Dancing with the Stars winners
World Athletics Championships medalists
European Athletics Championships medalists
Lechia Gdańsk athletes
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
Choppies Enterprises Limited is a Botswana multinational grocery and general merchandise retailer headquartered in Gaborone, Botswana. The retailer initially sold only food-based (both fresh groceries and wholesale long-life foods) and other fast-moving consumer goods. The group owns a centralized, in-house distribution network in South Africa, Zimbabwe, Zambia and Kenya.
Choppies became a listed company on the Botswana Stock Exchange on January 26, 2012, and is a constituent of the BSE Domestic Company Index with an approximate market capitalization of P2.4 billion as of December 20, 2012.
The company also completed its secondary listing on the Johannesburg stock exchange on May 27, 2015.
History
Choppies was founded in 1986 with one supermarket named Wayside Supermarket (Proprietary) Limited in Lobatse by the Chopdat family, with a second store opening in 1993.
In 1999 the company had only two stores. Since 1999 the company grew to become the dominant leader in the fast-moving consumer good industry in Botswana. The management team includes the founding members of Choppies, Mr. Farouk Ismail who is the current Deputy Chairman and Mr. Ramachandaran Ottapathu who is the current CEO. They are also the major shareholders with each holding 34.2% of the company's shares. In 2003 the group consolidated into one structure. It previously franchised under different names.
Due to its exponential growth since 1999, there was demand for the company to become listed on the nation's stock market. The management team eventually agreed, and the company became listed on January 26, 2012. The company hired Grant Thornton to manage the administration front of the firm's initial public offering, with 1.2 billion shares being listed at an offer price of BWP 1.15 per share, with 25% going into the hands of the public. The IPO was the largest on the Botswana Stock Exchange raising P350 million in both the IPO and the private placement, with the shares being oversubscribed by up to 400%.
Operations
The South African operations are executed through a wholly owned subsidiary Choppies Supermarkets SA (Proprietary) Limited, which operates in the Limpopo, North-West and Free State provinces.
Distribution and supply
Choppies' distribution centres function as a central sourcing for Choppies stores. The company's top 200 products are delivered in bulk to the distribution centres and then distributed from there to the stores. Other products are delivered from the source to the stores directly. Choppies operates two distribution centres in Botswana; one in the International Commerce Park in Gaborone, and the other in Lobatse. A new 10,000m2 South African distribution centre opened in September 2012 in Rustenburg to serve the South African stores.
Welldone (Proprietary) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Choppies Group, is a logistics company that supports the day-to-day operations of the stores. The company has a branded fleet of 245 commercial vehicles which distributes products to all Group stores.
In 2008, the first store in Zeerust, South Africa was opened there by expanding in the north west region. 2014 was the year when the group opened its first distribution centre in Zimbabwe and in the year 2016 the secondary listing was done in the Johannesburg stock exchange. By the end of 2015 Zambian operations began and in early 2016 saw the acquisition of Jwayelani group in Durban, South Africa. Kenyan acquisition of Ulkwala group was also carried out in early 2016. As part of long term growth plan the group opened its first store in Tanzania and Mozambique in 2017.
Store types and product ranges
The Choppies Group operates hyper stores, super stores and value stores depending on their respective sizes, selling over 45,000 different products. Choppies sells both branded and own-brand products, primarily packaged and long-life foods. All of our stores are located in urban, semi urban and rural areas in sub-Saharan Africa, with proximity to residential areas and transport nodes.
The group owns 286 quality own brands ranging from food and beverages to cosmetics, clothing, and cleaning products.
Competitors
The company's main competitors include retailers SPAR, Pick N Pay, Woolworths Foods, Shoprite and small local general dealers. The Group has a current market share in Botswana of 30%, according to an independent survey conducted by Briggs and Associates. Despite numerous competitors, Choppies has managed to expand to some African countries starting with South Africa. Here, it is in tough competition with its rivals but is still the preferred retailer giving it an upper hand in exploring foreign markets.
Corporate social responsibility
Botswana
• In partnership with Virgin Active Gaborone, Choppies organized a Wellness Day for staff members to promote health and wellness in the workplace.
• Together with the Lady Khama Charitable Trust Fund, Choppies donated BWP 1.2 million in groceries to border patrol soldiers and nurses working over the Christmas holidays.
• Donation of food hampers to Gamodubu Children Home in Gaborone, which cares for over 100 children under the age of 17.
• Participation in a lunch for Gabane House of Hope, an old age home located in Gabane. Choppies also donated blankets and towels.
• Organized a lunch for orphans at Childline Botswana on Mother's Day.
South Africa
• Donation of hampers to Women Against Rape.
• Donation of grocery hampers to a children's community centre .
• Donation of snack hampers to a children's centre in Boeshoek, North West.
Zambia
• Support to Njovu Community Centre in Chibolya province, which provides education activities and sponsorship for over 200 troubled youth.
Zimbabwe
• Donation of groceries to Ingutsheni Central Hospital in Bulawayo.
Criticism
Choppies has attracted criticism from the public in the past due to salary discrepancy. Employees such as cashiers and packers claim to earn less than P900 a month, whilst executives such as the CEO and Deputy Chairman earn more than P30 000 000.00 per annum. This has attracted outrage as the company is historically very profitable yet is not rewarding the lower-skilled workers on terms they consider fair to their efforts; in 2011, the Group made over P124 million in after-tax profits, with a dividend over P121 million paid out to shareholders.
See also
Sefalana
Square Eats
Shoprite (retailer)
Checkers (supermarket chain)
List of supermarket chains in Botswana
List of supermarket chains in Africa
References
External links
Official Website
Bloomberg Market Data
Food and drink companies of Botswana
Retail companies established in 1986
1986 establishments in Botswana
Companies listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange
Companies of Gaborone
Botswana companies
Yinde-Millinou is a town in the Nzérékoré Region of Guinea.
Populated places in the Nzérékoré Region
Soap Opera Update was a magazine dedicated to the coverage of soap operas, co-founded by Angela Shapiro in 1988. The magazine was published every three weeks. It was purchased by Bauer Media Group in 1992. The magazine became popular on newsstands in the mid-1990s. However, due to a lack of subscriptions and promotion, and criticisms for mediocre content and "lazy" press coverage, the magazine was discontinued in late 2002. In 2006, the Update began issuing Soaps In Depth and releasing an annual issue to review the soaps of the past year and preview soaps for the new year.
This magazine also produced the Soap Opera Update Awards, similar to the Soap Opera Digest Awards.
See also
Soap Opera Digest
Soap Opera Magazine
Soap Opera Weekly
Soaps In Depth
References
Bauer Media Group
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines about soap operas
Magazines established in 1988
Magazines disestablished in 2002
Visual arts magazines published in the United States
Geering may refer to -
In fiction
Captain Hans Geering, in the television series Allo Allo!
People
John Geering (1941-99), British cartoonist
Lloyd Geering (b 1918), New Zealand theologian
Transport
Geering (automobile), a British marque manufactured 1899–1904.
CAST-15, Merging High-Level and Low-Level Requirements is a Certification Authorities Software Team (CAST) Position Paper. It is an FAA publication that "does not constitute official policy or guidance from any of the authorities", but is provided to applicants for software and hardware certification for educational and informational purposes only.
DO-178B/C defines an acceptable means of certification of airworthy software. Uniquely, DO-178B introduced a distinction between High-Level Requirements and Low-Level Requirements as formal products of software requirements analysis and design when developing airworthy software. These two levels of requirements, as evidence of software airworthiness, were assigned distinct objectives by DO-17B/C. However, under narrow conditions, that standard's guidance permits combination of these two levels into a single level of requirements, but warns against the practice in general.
This position paper is concerned with observed misuse of this guidance; some applicants were combining High-Level and Low-Level Requirements for "simple" products, but were not accomplishing all of the related objectives.
This position paper is also an example of Certification Authorities using the "what" versus "how" distinction between high-level and low-level requirements that DO-178B/C does not clearly explain.
Background
Various stakeholders for software definition and verification have differing objectives and levels of abstraction. Those stakeholders responsible for defining or verifying high-level software product functionality are generally concerned with the structures and behaviors of the product's external interfaces, and details of internal software structures do not necessarily support that focus. On the other hand, those responsible for defining and verifying requirement coverage of all internal code need much finer details of internal software structures. This is the justification for DO-178B/C establishing distinct objectives for high-level and low-level requirements, with consideration for applicants developing additional requirement layering on large projects.
However, DO-178B allowed for the possibility of developing only one level of requirements for particularly simple systems. That is, Certification Authorities (e.g., FAA-Designated Engineering Representatives) would not expect any more or fewer requirement layers than necessary. However, the Certification Authorities' experience was that some applicants misused or abused this intention, and as a result, such applicants discovered late in their projects that they were unable to demonstrate compliance and had to repeat some activities.
This is also an issue for any usage of development tools that potentially reduce the resolution of requirements in a project, particularly those that use notations of higher abstraction (e.g., UML or block flow modeling). Applicants using such tools generally are expected to declare if their development processes use such tool's notation the role of describing either high-level requirements or low-level requirements, but usually not both.
Status
In general, CAST Position Papers were issued to harmonize review of software projects conducted under DO-178B or DO-254. But, they were also intended to inform the development and eventual release of DO-178C and supporting publications. As much of the discussion and rationale recorded in the CASTs is not included in the newer publications, the CASTs remain a source of insight into the updated standards.
This CAST-15 Position Paper is no longer provided on the FAA's publications site as the team's concerns were addressed by FAQ #81 in DO-248C, Supporting Information for DO-178C and DO-278A and by changes and clarification in the release of DO-178 Revision C:
The FAQ was originated by European Certification Authorities who were concerned with the risk of applicants developing untraceable and unverifiable gaps in their requirements, and it does not recommend merging high and low levels of requirements into a single level.
The note "The applicant may be required to justify software development processes that produce a single level of requirements." was added to DO-178C Section 5.0, page 31.
However, neither publication completely incorporates the "full discussion of this topic" that is recorded CAST-15.
Much of the same content of the original CAST-15 Position Paper is published in the 2012 EASA Certification Memo EASA-CM-SWCEH-002 (Section 23 Merging High-Level and Low-Level Requirements).
Contents
DO-178C/DO-178B provides guidance for merging High-Level and Low-Level Software Requirements. Nominally, in the DO-178C/DO-178B context, the High-Level Requirements for a Certified Software Product are distinct from the Low-Level Software Requirements, the former being outputs of the Software Requirements Process and the latter being outputs of the Software Design Process.
High-Level Requirements are essentially those System Requirements that are allocated to the Software Product (an outside view of what the full Software Product shall be and do).
Low-Level Requirements are the results of decomposition and elaboration of requirements such that the source code may be produced, reviewed, and tested directly from the Low-Level Requirements (an inside view of how the Software Product shall be implemented to do it).
In some applications, the System/High-Level Requirements are of sufficient simplicity and detail that the Source Code can be produced and verified directly. In this situation, the System/High-Level Requirements are also considered to be Low-Level Requirements, which means that, in addition to accomplishing the objectives for High-Level Requirements, the same requirements must also accomplish the objectives for Low-Level Requirements.
The concern that prompted CAST-15 is that some applicants for software certification interpreted the above guidance as permitting combining both High-Level Software Requirements and Low-Level Software Requirements in a single software requirements document or other artifact without making any indication of which requirements are High-Level and which are Low-Level, but also omitting traceability between the Low-Level and High-Level Requirements and neglecting to identify derived requirements for feedback to System Processes, including System Safety.
This Position Paper discusses several problems and hazards that Certification Authorities see arising from merging Low-Level Requirements into the collection of High-Level Requirements, recommending that this not be done. The replacement content published in FAQ #81 in DO-248C Supporting Information for DO-178C and DO-278A provides a shorter list of certification concerns for combining (or merging) these two "what" and "how" levels into a single set of requirements without distinguishing the relevant certification objectives of the two levels. FAQ #81 also recommends against merging High-Level and Low-Levels even in cases where the code can be written and verified in a "single step" of requirements as the original DO-178B/C guidance allows, but does offer suggestions on how to address concerns.
Model-Based Development
The distinction between, or combination of, High-Level and Low-Level Requirements is a particular issue with Model-Based Development. As vendors and applicants employ Model-Based Development tools in the development of airborne software, concern arises about automation and elimination of levels of certification evidence. Arguments are made for careful designation of which Model-Based artifacts represent High-Level Requirements and which represent Low-Level Requirements. If applicant can demonstrate that these levels of Model-Based requirements can accomplish the objectives for High-Level and Low-Level Requirements, then the level-merging concerns of CAST-15 are not applicable.
References
External links
. Retrieved 2021-12-03.
Avionics
Safety
Software requirements
RTCA standards
Computer standards
Mostafa Mahmoud Mohamed Selim , more commonly known as Mostafa Afroto (), is an Egyptian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or a second striker. He currently plays for Ala'ab Damanhour SC. Mostafa is nicknamed "Afroto" (or Little Genie) for his speed, pace and unpredictable moves on the pitch.
Career
Afroto made his first squad club debut on February 12, 2010, when he came as a substitute for Osama Hosny in the 63rd minutes, when his team was down 0–1 against Ittihad El-Shorta. Afroto scored the equalizer for his club from a marvelous long distance free kick. He moved on to inspire his teammates to achieve a 4–2 win by gaining a penalty scored by his teammate Mohamed Samir and scoring his second goal in the 90th minute in an exciting come back. This his made the thrilled fans of Al-Ahly to chant his name until the end of the match.
On 21 August 2012, it was announced that he had officially signed for Azerbaijani giants Qarabağ. After only four games for Qarabağ joined Misr El Makasa on a two and a half year contract.
References
External links
Afroto at Footballdatabase
1989 births
Living people
Egyptian footballers
Egypt international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al Ahly SC players
ACS Poli Timișoara players
Egyptian Premier League players
Khleb (, meaning 'bread') is an album released by the Russian band Leningrad. This album was later re-released in Germany, where it gained some popularity.
"Malaya Leningradskaya Simfoniya" is a classical compilation of five Leningrad songs performed by the Rastrelli Cello Quartet, arranged by Sergey Drabkina. The songs are: "WWW", "Komon Evribadi", "Mne bi v nebo", "Cell Phone" and "Tango (Ya tak lyublyu tebya)".
Track listing
"Ленин-Град" - Lenin-Grad – 2:43
"Небесный теннис" - Nebesniy tennis - (Heavenly tennis) – 3:28
"На Не" - Na Ne – 2:19
"Суть" - Sut (Essence) – 2:27
"Ф.К." - F.K. – 2:09
"Нефть" - Neft - (Crude-oil) – 1:42
"Кто того" - Kto togo - (Who to Whom) – 2:42
"Kaka-in" – (Cocaine) - 2:08
"Свобода" - Svoboda - (Freedom) – 3:09
"Флаг" - Flag – 1:48
"Кредит" - Kredit - (Credit) – 3:18
"На хуй рок-н-ролл" - Na Huy Rok-n-Roll - (Fuck Rock n' Roll) – 2:40
"Мчащийся сквозь грозу" - Mchaschiysya skvoz grozu - (Rushing Through a Storm) – 2:35
"Багдад" – Bagdad - Baghdad - 2:54
"Гитара" - Gitara - (Guitar) – 1:40
"Песня старого фаната" - Pesnya starogo fanata - (Song of an old fan) – 1:36
"Малая ленинградская симфония" - Malaya leningradskaya simfoniya - (Small Leningrad Symphony) – 6:26
2005 albums
Leningrad (band) albums
Jan Brzoza, real name Józef Worobiec or Józef Wyrobiec (10 December 1900, Lviv – 17 November 1971, Myszków) was a Polish writer, publicist, radio-host, Communist activist and one of the founders of the proletarian literature in Poland.
Biography
Józef Worobiec was born in a Ukrainian working-class family (father Antoni and mother Katarzyna or Aniela). He was a carpenter by education.
He made his debut in 1932 with the novel Diaries of the unemployed (in Polish: Pamiętnikiem bezrobotnego), unexpectedly winning a special award established for unemployed youth by the Institute of Social Economy (IGS – Instytut Gospodarstwa Społecznego) at the peak of the economic crisis. This novel attracted the attention of Lviv writers and publishers, and for the future writer, it was the beginning of his literary career. Since then, he dedicated himself to a literary creativity. Since 1933, he was a member of the Lviv branch of the Polish Writers' Trade Union. Most of his works are devoted to peasant and working themes.
In 1936, he published the novel Children (Dzieci), describing the Lviv newspapers' environment. The other novel Building an edifice (Budowali gmach) about construction site workers and their strike was issued in 1938.
Since 1921, Jan Brzoza was a member of the Communist Party of Western Ukraine. He participated in the Lviv Ant-Fascist Congress of Cultural Workers in 1936.
In 1939-1941, he was a member of the Ukrainian Writers' Union, activist of the Union of Polish Patriots.
In 1944–1945, Brzoza was the editor of the Lviv newspaper Czerwony Sztandar (Red Banner). After the World War II he moved to Poland where lived in Silesia. Up to 1947 he was the cultural editor of the Katowice newspaper Trybuna Robotnicza (Workers' Tribune), then in 1947-1956 he led the Katowice branch of the Polish Writers' Union.
Elected deputy of the Sejm of the Polish People's Republic in 1957–1961 years.
Jan Brzoza died in Myszków in 1971, buried in Katowice.
Recognition
He was awarded the Polish Order of the Banner of Labour (II class).
Works
Diaries of the unemployed (Pamiętnik bezrobotnego), 1933
Children (Dzieci), 1936
Building an edifice (Budowali gmach), 1938
Earth (Ziemia), 1948
The Ninth Battalion (Dziewiąty battalion), 1953
Lodzia tramwajarka, 1958
The story "Beskyde Nights" (Beskidzkie noce), 1964
My literary adventures (Moje przygody literackie), 1967
Return from America (Powrót z Ameryki), 1966
Good day has come (Przyszedł dobry dzień), 1971
Literature
Włodzimierz Maciąg, Literatura Polski Ludowej 1944–1964, Warszawa 1973, s. 471.
Maciej Matwijów, Walka o lwowskie dobra kultury w latach 1945–1948, Wrocław 1996.
Jacek Trznadel, Kolaboranci: Tadeusz Boy-Żeleński i grupa komunistycznych pisarzy we Lwowie 1939–1941, Komorów 1998, s. 231.
„Rocznik Literacki” 1971, s. 625.
Jerzy Kwiatkowski: Dwudziestolecie międzywojenne. Wyd. III – 5 dodruk. Warszawa: Wydawnictwo Naukowe PWN, 2012, s. 301–302, seria: Wielka Historia Literatury Polskiej. .
References
Polish communists
20th-century Polish novelists
Writers from Lviv
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Polish Austro-Hungarians
Polish emigrants to the Soviet Union
20th-century Polish male writers
20th-century Polish politicians
Polish publicists
1900 births
1971 deaths
Communist Party of Western Ukraine members
20th-century Polish non-fiction writers
Polish male non-fiction writers
Politicians from Lviv
Kavakköy, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Başköy is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
The Jaga are a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are also known as Jagawa and Jagabhatt.
Origin
The Jaga are converts from the Hindu Jaga Bhatt caste. Like other Bhatt communities the Jaga were once a community of professional singers and genealogists. The Jaga are found in the districts of Shahjahanpur, Bareilly, Farrukhabad, Hardoi, Unnao and Lucknow. They speak Urdu among themselves, and Hindi with outsiders.
Present circumstances
The Jaga are divided into two sub-groups, the Ladua and Laggiha. Each of these two groups are strictly endogamous, and intermarriages between the two groups is rare. In fact, like other Uttar Pradesh Muslims, the community practice both cross cousin and parallel cousin marriages. The Jaga are entirely Shia, but also incorporate folk beliefs.
Traditionally, the Jaga were engaged in composing poetry and reciting the poetry on special occasions. They were dependent on patrons, who were often the large landowners known as zamindars and in Awadh, the talukdars. With the abolishment of the zamindar system by the Indian government at independence in 1947, the Jaga lost many of their patrons. The community are now mainly employed as landless agricultural labourers.
After independence of Pakistan in 1947, many members of Jaga community migrated to Pakistan.
See also
Muslim Raibhat
Jaga
References
Muslim communities of Uttar Pradesh
Social groups of Pakistan
Nobap (English: Pomelo) is a 2009 Manipuri film directed by Heisnam Tomba and written and produced by Suresh Hidang. It stars Raju Nong, Gokul Athokpam, Abenao Elangbam and Ranjana with master Denil, master Chingkheinganba, master Santosh, master Oliver Chiru, master Russel, master Robinson, master Biken and master Chingkhei in the lead roles. There is also special appearance of international footballer Renedy Singh in the film. It was the opening film at the 2nd Guwahati Film Festival 2009.
Nobap was also screened at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), New Delhi on 13 January 2011.
Synopsis
The movie tells the story of eight kids and is set in a remote village of Manipur. They are in desperate need of a football. Unable to afford one, the boys end up kicking Nobap instead. Thambou, a driver of an old model jeep shuttles between town areas and the village. The benevolent driver with the help of his friend Thanou sees that the boys get a leather ball and participate in a seven a side football tournament. The film is intercut with humorous romantic interludes - Thambou and Thaja; Thanou and Thoibi.
Cast
Raju Nong as Thambou
Gokul Athokpam as Thanou
Abenao Elangbam as Thaja
Ranjana as Thoibi
Master Denil
Master Chingkheinganba
Master Santosh
Master Oliver Chiru
Master Russel
Master Robinson
Master Biken
Master Chingkhei
R.K. Sorojini Devi as Thambou's mother
Ayekpam Shanti
Dhonen
Renedy Singh (Special Appearance)
Production
This film is the second production of The Second Millennium Mongoloids after producing the blockbuster film Meera Memcha.
Accolades
Nobap won 9 awards at the 7th Manipur State Film Festival 2010, including the Best Feature Film award.
Reception
R. K. Bidur Singh wrote in e-pao.org, "Making an enterprising team with Suresh Hidang, producer-writer-lyricist, Y. Kumarjit, screen playwright, Hodam Tommy and K. Boong, cinematographer and editor, O.Geet, music director etc., he comes up with a non-conventional film-Nobap. The plight of rural folks and eight kids in desperate need of football, but unable to afford one, kicking Nobap instead-are all well expressed in a comprehensible visual language. The film is skilfully intercut with humorous romantic interludes-Thambou and Thaja; Thanou and Thoibi.Nobap is not a story that somebody tells you just to make you feel sorry for the poor people, it has other meaning and a shot's meaning can go very far beyond the subject. The film would have been better if a few sequences, such as apparent abduction of Thambou and child kidnapping for forced labour had been trimmed. They are neither sensibly treated nor developed as meaningful sub-plot.
★★★ : One for story-screenplay, one for sincerity and realistic attempt at the film making, one for eight frolicsome kids."
Soundtrack
Bishe Moirangthem, Tomba Thangjam and Mangangsana composed the soundtrack for the film and wrote the lyrics. The songs are titled Laklo Thadoi Laklo Thoinu, Houda Houjillu Thok a ba Ama Lakchani and Pallubana Thamoi Ama''.
External links
References
Meitei-language films
2009 films
Qarxis is a town in the Nugal province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.
References
Populated places in Nugal, Somalia
Qarxis City Is Northeastern Nugaal State puntland Somalia Qarxis is over Papulate City' Qarxis city most papulate is Yonis Idiris sab clan Iise Mohamud. City qarxis has most livestock.like camel, gout,sheep and alots
qarxis city was found 1970s,Qarxis is located strategic area east coast close to Eyl city like 90 miles west coast is dangorayo city colse to 40 miles.
Sandra Peabody (born January 11, 1948) is an American talent agent, acting coach, producer, and former actress and fashion model. She is best known for her work in exploitation horror films and theatrical troupe stage work—both paths defining her decade long acting career. Her career in producing would earn her an Emmy in 1992 for the children's television series Popcorn (1984-92).
She made her film debut as a teen actress with a leading role in the faith-based Misfit (1965) before a supporting role in Luke Moberly's mystery film The Horse Killer (1966). Both films were filmed in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, where she grew up. Her move to New York followed her attempt to foster a more mature image in feature films. This proved successful with her role as Mari Collingwood in Wes Craven's directorial debut The Last House on the Left (1972), followed by Voices of Desire (1972), Massage Parlor Murders (1973), and Teenage Hitchhikers (1974)—all exploitation films.
Peabody was a part of a theater group in New York and had a career in stage work, beginning with her role as Gwendolyn Pigeon in the revival of Neil Simon's The Odd Couple (1969). She followed this with Robert Kalfin's Off-Broadway musical revue Tarot (1970) and a supporting role as Minnie Oakley in Jay Harnick's musical comedy Annie Get Your Gun (1973–1974). Her last acting role was the Alan J. Wendl directed stage play Tunnel of Love (1977). She now works as a talent agent and acting coach in the Los Angeles and Portland areas and produces children-orientated programming.
Life and career
Early roles
Sandra Lee Peabody was born on January 11, 1948, and grew up in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. She began appearing in stage productions while attending Stranahan High School. In 1965, she began performing in local professional productions. She debuted in Misfit (1965), a faith-based film that delved into drug abuse and was released into local churches. She replaced an actress who had become sick. She followed this role with another local Florida-lensed film now known as Luke Moberly's lost mystery film The Horse Killer (1966).
In search of broader acting opportunities, Peabody got accepted into Carnegie Mellon University and moved to New York City. She later studied with Sanford Meisner at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre. In 1969, she had a role as Gwendolyn Pigeon in Neil Simon's The Odd Couple. Mariruth Campbell of The Journal News described her and Robin Douglas as "both very attractive and competent actresses." She was later a part of the stage plays Celebration, Little Mary Sunshine, and Stop the World – I Want to Get Off (all in 1969). In 1970, Peabody had a supporting role in Robert Kalfin's Off-Broadway production Tarot which ran at the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Additionally, she began to appear on television in commercials and on the two soap operas All My Children and As the World Turns.
The Last House on the Left
Discovery (1972)
Her feature film career in New York City would mark a stark contrast to her ingenuous roles in Misfit and The Horse Killer. In 1970, one of the first roles she signed onto was for the critically panned satirical film The Filthiest Show in Town (1970), a parody of dating game shows. She appeared in the commercial segments. After this role, she went on a cross-country trip across the West Coast. Upon returning home, she responded to a casting notice in the trade publication Backstage for a film under the working title Night of Vengeance. She was originally asked to audition for the supporting role of Phyllis Stone. After meeting with producer Sean S. Cunningham, she got the role of the seventeen-year-old protagonist Mari Collingwood. The film was originally planned to be a hardcore pornographic horror film but, the filmmakers promised her it would just focus on the horror elements. It would ultimately be released as The Last House on the Left, a loose remake of Ingmar Bergman's The Virgin Spring (1960). Director Wes Craven thought highly of Peabody, describing her as "pretty" and "plucky," but acknowledged she lacked the confidence required for the gritty shoot.
Production and aftermath
The Last House on the Left was a difficult production for Peabody. The film did not have a complete script at the time of filming, and Peabody was in a vulnerable mental state due to the lack of preparation for her scenes. She has expressed contempt towards her overall performance. Peabody spent a lot of time on the set with Craven, who often encouraged her throughout filming her scenes. She endured an excessive amount of abuse from the lead actors David A. Hess and Marc Sheffler throughout the shoot.
Sheffler, who portrayed Junior, revealed in an interview that he grabbed Peabody, held her over a cliff, and threatened to throw her off if she didn't reach the level of desperation needed for the scene, stating "She wasn't getting the scene. She wasn't at the anxiety level that she needed to be. So, we'd done it I don't know how many times … everybody was getting annoyed. So, I said to Wes, 'Give me a minute with her.' What I did was... you can't see it in the shot but I took her over to the cliff, and I put her over the cliff and just grabbed her and said, ‘If you don't get this fucking scene right now, I'm going to drop you and Wes will shoot it, and we'll get a different scene, but it'll work because you'll be fucking mangled.”
Additionally, method actor Hess singled her out from the rest of the cast and treated her differently than female co-stars Lucy Grantham and Jeramie Rain. Peabody stated that he would chase after her with a knife at night and that she genuinely thought he was a serial killer at some point in his life. Hess revealed that he started roughly grabbing her breasts and threatened to rape her during the filming of her assault scene. During this particular shot, assistant director Yvonne Hannemann described it as an upsetting shoot with her in tears and walking off the set. Peabody would ultimately detest the film. During a cast screening, Peabody brought her mother to watch the film with her. Unhappy with the rough cut that she watched, Peabody ultimately walked out. Upon release, the film was a critical and commercial success, earning more than $3 million at the American box office. She attests that while she was horrified while filming it, viewing it in modern times, it is likely considered a "funny film."
Final roles and later career
Chuck Vincent cast her as Anna Reed in the X-rated erotic-horror film Voices of Desire (1972). Peabody's next role was Gwen in Massage Parlor Murders! (1973). It was shown in grindhouse theaters and didn't have a home video release until Vinegar Syndrome restored it on DVD and Blu-ray in 2013. Peabody returned to acting on stage when she was cast as Minnie Oakley in Jay Harnick's musical comedy Annie Get Your Gun, from 1973 to 1974 alongside Barbara Eden and John Bennett Perry. Jonathan Takiff of Philadelphia Daily News stated, "Clinched up in a shapeless bag of a dress, carrying on in a raggle-taggle performing style, Sandra Peabody is totally believable as an adolescent hick from the sticks. This is why, obviously, she was selected for the role from a literal army of teenage competitors." In 1974, she had a non-speaking cameo role in the horror film Legacy of Satan. The following year, she had a lead role in Gerri Seddley's comedy road movie Teenage Hitchhikers as a teenage runaway. In a review for Los Angeles Times, Linda Gross stated that Peabody's performance was "ingenious."
Her last acting credit is the stage production Tunnel of Love (1977). In 1983, Peabody moved from New York City to Portland, Oregon and began to distance herself from the exploitative films that she was becoming known for and began to transition into television producing and writing Portland based programming aimed at children and youth. Peabody served as producer for the KATU syndicated Emmy-award winning children's television series Popcorn (1984–92). In 1988, Peabody developed A Time to Care (1988), a television documentary series that focused on local nursing homes and the positive effects that community volunteerism had on the residents. She stated that it's "a neat idea for a series because what they're basically saying is that more than ever people are reaching out to help others." The broadcasting division Group W picked up the series for distribution and syndication. Peabody wrote and produced the educational series Zone In (2001) which dealt with "tough issues for kids." , Peabody is an acting coach and agent in areas around Portland, Oregon, and Los Angeles. She has mentored a variety of actors including Alicia Lagano.
Filmography
Film
Stage productions
Television
Notes
References
Works cited
External links
American film actresses
Actresses from Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Actresses from Portland, Oregon
Living people
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
20th-century American actresses
Writers from Portland, Oregon
American film producers
American female models
American women film producers
1948 births
Theodore Gerela (March 12, 1944 – July 16, 2020) was an award-winning kicker in the Canadian Football League.
Life
Gerela, a graduate of Washington State University, joined the British Columbia Lions in 1967 and played with them for 7 seasons. Though he was a versatile player (rushing 16 times, catching 13 passes and making 2 interceptions, as well as punting one season), he was unique in that he was primarily a kicking specialist. Previously, most kickers played another primary position. While not accurate by later standards (he only made 123 of 271 field goal attempts), he had a strong leg and regularly made field goals of 50 plus yards. He won the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy as best rookie in the Western Conference in 1967.
Most notably, in 1968, he hit 30 field goals, which was a record for any professional league. He also won the conference scoring title, ushering in the era of the kicking specialist. All-Star selections were not made for kickers during his career. As of 2011, his 570 points was still the 3rd highest in the Lions' history.
Gerela came from a particularly gifted family. His brothers were also professional kickers; Roy Gerela with the Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers and Metro Gerela briefly with the Montreal Alouettes (Metro is enshrined in the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.) In 1993, his son, Ted Gerela, was drafted in the 7th round of the 1993 CFL Draft by the BC Lions as a linebacker from Rocky Mountain College.
Gerala died July 16, 2020 from cancer.
References
1944 births
2020 deaths
Canadian football placekickers
Players of Canadian football from Alberta
BC Lions players
Washington State Cougars football players
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Yazlık is a small village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains to the west of Turkish state highway . Its distance to Tarsus is about and to Mersin is . The population of Yazlık was 88 as of 2012.
References
Villages in Tarsus District
Mersing is a federal constituency in Mersing District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1986.
The federal constituency was created in the 1984 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Mersing constituency has a total of 44 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
Hemianopsia, or hemianopia, is a visual field loss on the left or right side of the vertical midline. It can affect one eye but usually affects both eyes.
Homonymous hemianopsia (or homonymous hemianopia) is hemianopic visual field loss on the same side of both eyes. Homonymous hemianopsia occurs because the right half of the brain has visual pathways for the left hemifield of both eyes, and the left half of the brain has visual pathways for the right hemifield of both eyes. When one of these pathways is damaged, the corresponding visual field is lost.
Signs and symptoms
Mobility can be difficult for people with homonymous hemianopsia. "Patients frequently complain of bumping into obstacles on the side of the field loss, thereby bruising their arms and legs."
People with homonymous hemianopsia often experience discomfort in crowds. "A patient with this condition may be unaware of what he or she cannot see and frequently bumps into walls, trips over objects or walks into people on the side where the visual field is missing."
A related phenomenon is hemispatial neglect, the possible neglect of the right or left. The patient is not conscious of its existence. The right side of the face is not shaven, makeup is applied to one side of the face only and only half of a plate of food is eaten. This, however, is not necessarily due to a sensory abnormality, and is therefore distinct from hemianopsia.
Causes
Homonymous hemianopsia can be congenital, but is usually caused by brain injury such as from stroke, trauma, tumors, infection, or following surgery.
Vascular and neoplastic (malignant or benign tumours) lesions from the optic tract, to visual cortex can cause a contralateral homonymous hemianopsia. Injury to the right side of the brain will affect the left visual fields of each eye. The more posterior the cerebral lesion, the more symmetric (congruous) the homonymous hemianopsia will be. For example, a person who has a lesion of the right optic tract will no longer see objects on his left side. Similarly, a person who has a stroke to the right occipital lobe will have the same visual field defect, usually more congruent between the two eyes, and there may be macular sparing.
A stroke on the right side of the brain (especially parietal lobe), in addition to producing a homonymous hemianopsia, may also lead to the syndrome of hemispatial neglect.
Transient homonymous hemianopsia does not necessarily mean stroke. For instance, it can constitute the aura phase of migraine. Concomitant presence of a moving scintillating scotoma is suggestive of migraine, but has been seen in cerebral cancer as well. Computed tomography (CT scan) or MRI can be used to investigate if stroked, tumor, structural lesion, or demyelination is the cause of homonymous hemianopsia.
Diagnosis
Homonymous hemianopsia secondary to posterior cerebral artery occlusion – may result in syndromes of memory impairment, opposite visual field loss (homonymous hemianopsia), and sometimes hemisensory deficits.
The PCA supplies the occipital lobe and the medial portion of the temporal lobe.
Infarction of occipital cortex typically causes macular sparing hemianopias due to dual blood supply from both posterior cerebral artery and middle cerebral artery.
Occlusion of the calcarine artery that results in infarction of the superior part of the occipital lobe causes a lower peripheral visual field defect.
Posterior cerebral artery penetrating branch occlusion may result in infarction of the posterior capsule, causing hemisensory loss, and (if low enough) a transient hemianopia may also occur.
Management
Prisms or "field expanders" that bend light have been prescribed for decades in patients with hemianopsia. Higher power Fresnel ("stick-on") prisms are commonly employed because they are thin and lightweight, and can be cut and placed in different positions on a spectacle lens.
Peripheral prism spectacles expand the visual field of patients with hemifield visual defects and have the potential to improve visual function and mobility. Prism spectacles incorporate higher power prisms, with variable shapes and designs. The Gottlieb button prism, and the Peli superior and inferior horizontal bands are some proprietary examples of prism glasses. These high power prisms "create" artificial peripheral vision into the non-blind field for obstacle avoidance and motion detection.
Certain counterbalancing brain lesions have also been shown to improve visual deficits in a phenomenon known as the Sprague effect.
Etymology
Homonymous hemianopsia can be broken down as follows:
Homonymous: (Greek >ομόνυμος = όμοιος + όνομα (same + name) (having the same name or designation) or standing in the same relation
hemi: ημι-, half
anopsia: α(ν)+όψις = without + sight; blindness
Homonymous hemianopsia is also called homonymous hemianopia.
See also
Binasal hemianopsia
Bitemporal hemianopsia
Blindsight
Vision restoration therapy
References
Schofield TM, Leff, AP, Rehabilitation of Hemianopia, Current Opinion in Neurology, 2009, 22:36-40
External links
Blindness
Visual disturbances and blindness
Carina Karlsson (born 11 September 1963) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.
Biography
Karlsson is most noted for being the first qualifier to reach the ladies quarterfinals of Wimbledon, which she achieved at the 1984 Wimbledon Championships. She began the main draw with wins over Anne White and Christiane Jolissaint, then defeated former Wimbledon champion Virginia Wade in the third round, 11–9 in the deciding set. In the fourth round she upset 15th seed Andrea Temesvári to set up a quarterfinal against Chris Evert-Lloyd, which Evert won in straight sets.
Her Wimbledon run took her ranking to 59 in the world, and she peaked at 42 the following year. She was a losing finalist to Katerina Maleeva at the 1985 Hewlett-Packard Trophy in Hilversum. Her performances began to experience a slump, attributed in part to eye problems, and in 1987, she started competing wearing eyeglasses. She made the round of 16 at the 1987 French Open, but retired from professional tennis at the end of the year.
She featured in a total of seven Fed Cup ties for Sweden.
WTA Tour finals
Singles (0-1)
Doubles (0-1)
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Swedish female tennis players
20th-century Swedish women
21st-century Swedish women
Albert Evan Adermann AO (10 March 1927 – 3 November 2001) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the National (Country) Party and succeeded his father Sir Charles Adermann in federal parliament. He held ministerial office in the Fraser Government as Minister for the Northern Territory (1975–1978) and Minister for Veterans' Affairs (1978–1980).
Early life
Adermann was born in Kingaroy, Queensland, son of Charles Adermann, and was educated at Brisbane Boys' College. He did not complete a medical degree at the University of Queensland and instead became a dairy farmer in Kingaroy. He then completed a Bachelor of Commerce by external study at University of Queensland and worked as a public accountant. He married Joan Hovard in 1951 and they had three sons and two daughters. He was a councillor of Kingaroy Shire from 1958 to 1967.
Political career
Adermann was elected as the member for Fisher following the retirement of his father at the 1972 election and represented the Country Party (National Country Party from 1975). He was appointed Minister for the Northern Territory following the Fraser Government's win at the 1975 election and held it until its abolition in September 1978. He put in place the arrangements for Northern Territory self-government and was responsible for the establishment of Uluru National Park and continuing the reconstruction of Darwin after Cyclone Tracy. In July 1978, he was appointed Minister for Veterans' Affairs and held it until November 1980. He was responsible for establishing an inquiry into the effects of Agent Orange on Australian servicemen who had fought in the Malayan Emergency and the Vietnam War. Following a redistribution which transferred his home to the new Division of Fairfax, Adermann ran for this seat and won it at the 1984 election. He continued to represent Fairfax until his retirement from parliament at the 1990 election.
Later life
Adermann became president of the Queensland Church of Christ and was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1990 for "services to the Australian parliament, to the community, particularly through the Churches of Christ in Queensland, and to local government". He died in 2001 and was survived by his wife, three sons and two daughters.
Notes
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Fisher
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Fairfax
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
Officers of the Order of Australia
1927 births
2001 deaths
Australian members of the Churches of Christ
People from Kingaroy
20th-century Australian politicians
Government ministers of Australia
Australian people of German descent
The canton of Moulins-Sud is a former administrative division of the Arrondissement of Moulins in the Allier department in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 13,021 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Bressolles
Moulins (partly)
Toulon-sur-Allier
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Karangana is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Yorosso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 398 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 17,299. The village of Karangana, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 32 km southwest of Yorosso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Tom Vanderbilt (born 1968) is an American journalist, blogger, and author of the best-selling book, Traffic: Why We Drive the Way We Do (and What It Says About Us).
His traffic book was published on November 13 2009, made in various parts of the world: some like Barcelona Spain, Mexico City, New York United States, Tokyo Japan, etc.
Career
A freelancer, Vanderbilt has contributed articles on a broad range of subjects encompassing design, technology, science, and culture to such publications as Slate, Wired, The London Review of Books, Artforum, The Financial Times, Rolling Stone, New York Times Magazine, Harvard Design Magazine, Cabinet, Metropolis, Design Observer, The Wilson Quarterly, and Popular Science.
In 2002, he published his first full-length book, Survival City: Adventures Among the Ruins of Atomic America. H-Net Reviews said of the book, "Survival City offers an insightful exploration of the ruins of atomic America that demands attention in our current moment. In the poignant aftermath of September 11 the futility of Cold War architecture suggested throughout the book takes on new resonance."
After three years of research, in 2008 he released Traffic which, according to the publisher Knopf's promotional material, had a first run printing of 150,000 copies and was a feature of the Book of the Month Club. The Wall Street Journal called Traffic, “a fascinating survey of the oddities and etiquette of driving”. The Boston Globe wrote of the book's genesis: "He found no serious general books about [driving] but did find a mountain of research. So for three years he immersed himself in the subject, traveled around the world, interviewing drivers, researchers, and traffic engineers. With almost 90 pages of footnotes, the book is a bottomless compendium of research." Some of this research began by asking a question on the community weblog Metafilter in 2005. While Vanderbilt found the responses useful, mentioning the site during a Boing Boing ingenuity lecture; he referred to the site's users as "overeducated and overopinionated geeks." His publisher, Knopf, neglected to request the right to reprint comments from the site from Metafilter's staff or from the quoted users.
He is a contributing editor to I.D. and Print, and a contributing writer for the blog Design Observer. He is also a visiting scholar at New York University's Rudin Center for Transportation Policy and Management.
Personal life
Tom Vanderbilt was born in Oak Forest, Illinois and raised in Wisconsin. He now resides in Brooklyn, New York. He is married to Jancee Dunn, a former features writer for Rolling Stone.
Vanderbilt was a contestant on the game show Jeopardy!, appearing on an episode which aired on December 30, 2011.
Publications
As author
The Sneaker Book: Anatomy of an Industry and an Icon, The New Press, 1998
Survival City: Adventures Among the Ruins of Atomic America, Princeton Architectural Press, 2002
Traffic: Why We Drive the Way We Do (and What It Says About Us), Knopf, 2008
You May Also Like: Taste in an Age of Endless Choice, Penguin Random House, May 2016
As contributor
He has also contributed to a number of books, including:
Season's Gleamings: The Art of the Aluminum Christmas Tree, Melcher Media, 2004 (afterword)
Supercade: A Visual History of the Videogame Age, The MIT Press,
Commodify Your Dissent: Salvos from the Baffler, W.W. Norton,
Boob Jubilee: The Mad Cultural Politics of the New Economy (W.W. Norton), and
The World and the Wild (University of Arizona Press).
References
External links
Tom Vanderbilt's Twitter page
Tom Vanderbilt's Flickr page
NPR article and interview (audio), July 28, 2008
Google Lecture, August 15, 2008
Video discussion with Vanderbilt about his works on Bloggingheads.tv
Online articles
Harvard Design Review, It's a Mall World After All: Disney, Design, and the American Dream, Fall 1999
New York Times, Walker in the Wireless City, November 24, 2002
New York Times, When Pedestrians Get Mixed Signals, February 1, 2014
Slate, Courier, Dispatched: How the U.S. State Department put the kibosh on the typewriter font., February 20, 2004
Slate U.S. Army's New ClothesWhy has the Army redesigned its uniforms?, Sept. 8, 2004
The Guardian Is this Bush's secret bunker?, August 28, 2006
1968 births
Jeopardy! contestants
Living people
People from Brooklyn
Writers from New York (state)
Writers from Wisconsin
Date of birth missing (living people)
American male writers
People from Oak Forest, Illinois
The 2009 Florida Gators baseball team represented the University of Florida in the sport of baseball during the 2009 college baseball season. The Gators competed in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They played their home games at Alfred A. McKethan Stadium, on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus. The team was coached by Kevin O'Sullivan, who was in his second season at Florida.
Roster
Schedule
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Regular season
|- valign="top"
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 20 || No. 8 ||No. 25
| McKethan Stadium ||6–3||Keating (1–0)
|Marks (0–1)
|Bullock (1)
|4,403
| 1–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 21 || No. 8 Louisville ||No. 25
| McKethan Stadium ||10–4||Panteliodis (1–0)
|Kiekhefer (0–1)
|None
|3,483
| 2–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 22 || No. 8 Louisville ||No. 25
| McKethan Stadium ||3–2||Barfield (1–0)
|Royse (0–1)
|None
|3,094
| 3–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 24 || ||No. 12
|McKethan Stadium
|12–0||Poovey (1–0)
|Glover (0–1)
|None
|2,163
| 4–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 25 || Eastern Michigan ||No. 12
| McKethan Stadium ||17–6||Chapman (1–0)
|Combs (0–2)
|None
|2,143
| 5–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| February 27 || No. 14 ||No. 12
| McKethan Stadium ||5–8||Hernandez (2–0)
|Keating (1–1)
|Bellamy (2)
|4,714
| 5–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| February 28 || No. 14 Miami (FL) ||No. 12
| McKethan Stadium ||1–2||Gutierrez (1–0)
|Panteliodis (1–1)
|Bellamy (3)
|4,570
| 5–2 || –
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 1 || No. 14 Miami (FL) ||No. 12|| McKethan Stadium ||2–16||Nazario (2–0)||Maronde (0–1)||None||3,038||5–3||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 3 || at ||No. 20||Melching FieldDeLand, FL
| 5–2 ||Barfield (2–0)||Mauldin (0–1)||Bullock (2)||1,928||6–3||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 4 ||||No. 20|| McKethan Stadium || 6–7 ||Schmitt (3–0)||Keating (1–2)||Adams (3)||2,340||6–4||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 6 ||Duquesne||No. 20|| McKethan Stadium || 10–5 ||Panteliodis (2–1)||Pierpont (0–3)||None||2,351||7–4
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 7 ||Duquesne||No. 20|| McKethan Stadium || 5–3 ||Maronde (1–1)||Juran (0–3)||Barfield (1)||2,487||8–4
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 8 ||Duquesne||No. 20|| McKethan Stadium || 12–2 ||Keating (2–2)||Elms (0–1)||None||2,493||9–4
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 13 ||at Arkansas||No. 19||Baum StadiumFayetteville, AR
| 4–11 ||Keuchel (2–0)||Bullock (0–1)||None||6,511||9–5
|0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 14 ||at Arkansas||No. 19||Baum Stadium
| 4–8 ||Forrest (1–1)||Panteliodis (2–2)||None||6,840||9–6
|0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 15 ||at Arkansas||No. 19||Baum Stadium
| 2–4 ||Cox (2–0)||Keating (2–3)||Richards (2)||7,411||9–7
|0–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 17 ||Rivalry|||| McKethan Stadium || 5–4 ||Davis (1–0)||Marshall (1–1)||None||3,369||10–7
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 18 ||at ||||Jay Bergman FieldOrlando, FL
| 7–3 ||DeSclafani (1–0)||Brown (0–3)||None||2,758||11–7
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 20 |||||| McKethan Stadium || 3–2 ||Davis (2–0)||Hernandez (1–2)||Bullock (3)||2,773||12–7
|1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 21 ||Tennessee|||| McKethan Stadium || 10–2 ||Franklin (1–0)||McCray (3–1)||None||2,929||13–7
|2–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 22 ||Tennessee|||| McKethan Stadium || 7–5 ||Larson (1–0)||Tullo (1–2)||None||2,859||14–7
|3–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 24 ||at ||No. 23||Harmon StadiumJacksonville, FL
| 0–3 ||Jones (1–0)||Larson (1–1)||None||3,194||14–8||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 25 ||North Florida||No. 23||McKethan Stadium
| 5–3 ||Poovey (2–0)||Collier (0–2)||Bullock (4)||2,363||15–8
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 27 ||||No. 23||McKethan Stadium|| 11–4 ||Franklin (2–0)||Hyatt (4–1)||Bullock (5)||2,357||16–8
|4–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 28 ||Alabama||No. 23||McKethan Stadium|| 9–8 ||Larson (2–1)||Nelson (1–3)||None||3,173||17–8
|5–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 29 ||Alabama||No. 23|| McKethan Stadium || 10–7 ||DeSclafani (2–0)||Howell (2–1)||Bullock (6)||2,803||18–8
|6–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 31 || vs. Florida StateRivalry ||No. 19|| Baseball GroundsJacksonville, FL || 2–35 ||Gast (3–2)||Panteliodis (2–3)||Gilmartin (1)||6,251||18–9||–
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 3 ||at ||No. 19||Hawkins FieldNashville, TN
|8–4||Davis (3–0)||Minor (2–3)||None||2,672||19–9||7–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 4 ||at Vanderbilt||No. 19||Hawkins Field||3–4||Cotham (4–3)||DeSclafani (2–1)||Gray (4)||3,700||19–10||7–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 5 ||at Vanderbilt||No. 19||Hawkins Field||9–16||Gray (2–0)||Bullock (0–2)||None||2,256||19–11||7–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 7 ||||No. 22|| McKethan Stadium ||12–7||Davis (4–0)||Rodriguez (0–1)||None||2,247||20–11||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 8 ||UCF||No. 22||McKethan Stadium
|16–3||DeSclafani (3–1)||Weech (3–1)||None||2,630||21–11||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 10 ||at ||No. 22||Plainsman ParkAuburn, AL
|7–811
|Hendrix (6–2)||Panteliodis (2–4)||None||2,082||21–12||7–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 11 ||at Auburn||No. 22||Plainsman Park||24–2||Locke (1–0)||Jacobs (3–2)||None||2,531||22–12
|8–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 12 ||at Auburn||No. 22||Plainsman Park
|5–1||DeSclafani (4–1)||Thompson (2–2)||Panteliodis (1)||1,850||23–12
|9–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 14 ||at No. 22 Florida StateRivalry||No. 20||Dick Howser StadiumTallahassee, FL
|10–2||Larson (3–1)||O'Dell (3–2)||None||6,345||24–12
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 15 ||Stetson||No. 20||McKethan Stadium||15–4||Panteliodis (3–4)||Burns (2–4)||None||2,390||25–12
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 17 ||No. 19 ||No. 20||McKethan Stadium
|2–6||Pomeranz (4–1)||Barfield (2–1)||None||3,563||25–13||9–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 18 ||No. 19 Ole Miss||No. 20||McKethan Stadium||8–4||Locke (2–0)||Irwin (5–3)||None||5,103||26–13||10–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 19 ||No. 19 Ole Miss||No. 20|| McKethan Stadium ||3–58
|Bittle (4–2)||Panteliodis (3–5)||Morgan (5)||2,839||26–14||10–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 21 ||vs. ||No. 22||Hammond StadiumFort Myers, FL
|12–3||Bullock (1–2)||Crumbly (3–3)||None||5,147
|27–14
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 22 ||||No. 22|| McKethan Stadium ||5–410
|Maronde (2–1)||Cole (1–2)||None||2,450||28–14
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 24 ||||No. 22|| McKethan Stadium ||9–4||Locke (3–0)||Dyson (6–3)||None||2,473||29–14
|11–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 25 ||South Carolina||No. 22|| McKethan Stadium ||8–3||Davis (5–0)||Belcher (2–3)||Bullock (7)||2,784||30–14
|12–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 26 ||South Carolina||No. 22|| McKethan Stadium ||9–5||Panteliodis (4–5)||Cooper (5–4)||Bullock (8)||2,743||31–14
|13–8
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 1 ||at No. 6 ||No. 17||Foley FieldAthens, GA
|10-911
|Bullock (2–2)||Weaver (1–2)||None||3,579||32–14
|14–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 2 ||at No. 6 Georgia||No. 17||Foley Field||7–6||DeSclafani (5–1)||McRee (4–1)||Bullock (9)||3,373||33–14
|15–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 3 ||at No. 6 Georgia||No. 17||Foley Field||10–8||Keating (3–3)||Tanner (3–1)||Bullock (10)||3,173||34–14
|16–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 6 ||Florida Gulf Coast||No. 9||McKethan Stadium||5–17||Barnes (1–1)||Poovey (2–1)||None||2,650||34–15
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 8 ||at No. 3 LSU||No. 9||Alex Box StadiumBaton Rouge, LA
|1–10||Ranaudo (6–3)||Locke (3–1)||None||10,203||34–16
|16–9
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 9 ||at No. 3 LSU||No. 9||Alex Box Stadium||0–4||Coleman (10–2)||DeSclafani (5–2)||None||10,923||34–17
|16–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 10 ||at No. 3 LSU||No. 9||Alex Box Stadium||9–3||Maronde (3–1)||Ross (5–6)||None||9,578||35–17
|17–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 12 ||||#11|| McKethan Stadium ||7–4||Panteliodis (5–5)||Dunlap (1–1)||Bullock (11)||2,294||36–17
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 14 ||Kentucky||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||10–3||Locke (4–1)||Paxton (5–3)||None||2,312||37–17
|18–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 15 ||Kentucky||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||7–8||Rusin (7–4)||DeSclafani (5–3)||Darnell (3)||3,121||37–18
|18–11
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 16 ||Kentucky||No. 11||McKethan Stadium
|13–9||Panteliodis (6–5)||Darnell (5–6)||None||2,965||38–18
|19–11
|-
|-
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Post-season
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 20 || vs. Arkansas ||No. 9|| Regions ParkHoover, AL || 5–8 ||Bolsinger (4–4)||Locke (4–2)||Richards (9)||5,121||38–19||0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 21 || vs. No. 8 Ole Miss ||No. 9|| Regions Park || 12–28 ||DeSclafani (6–3)||Bukvich (9–3)||None||6,524||39–19||1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 22 || vs. Arkansas ||No. 9|| Regions Park || 7–10 ||Murphy (3–1)||Larson (3–2)||Cox (1)||7,243||39–20||1–2
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 29 ||Bethune–Cookman||No. 10|| McKethan Stadium || 8–7 ||Bullock (3–2)||Thomas (7–6)||None||2,440||40–20||1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
|May 30||No. 18 Miami (FL)||No. 10|| McKethan Stadium || 8–2 ||Locke (5–2)||Hernandez (7–5)||None||4,109||41–20||2–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
|May 31||No. 18 Miami (FL)||No. 10|| McKethan Stadium || 16–5 ||Keating (4–3)||Nazario (6–5)||None||2,351||42–20||3–0
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| June 6 ||No. 17 ||No. 9|| McKethan Stadium ||7–9||Johnston (1–0)||Keating (4–4)||Cargill (12)||3,570||42–21|| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| June 7 ||No. 17 Southern Miss||No. 9|| McKethan Stadium ||6–7||Copeland (2–5)||Bullock (3–3)||Cargill (13)||4,313||42–22|| 0–2
|-
Rankings from Collegiate Baseball. All times Eastern. Retrieved from FloridaGators.com
See also
Florida Gators
List of Florida Gators baseball players
References
External links
Gator Baseball official website
Florida Gators baseball seasons
Florida Gators baseball team
Florida Gators
Disk Clean-up (cleanmgr.exe) is a computer maintenance utility included in Microsoft Windows designed to free up disk space on a computer's hard drive. It has now been deprecated and replaced with a modern version in the Settings app, although it still exists as a legacy tool in Windows.
About
The utility searches files that are no longer of any use, and then removes the selected unnecessary files. There are a number of different file categories that Disk Clean-up targets when performing the initial disk analysis:
Compression of old files
Temporary Internet files
Temporary Windows files
Downloaded program files
Recycle Bin
Removal of unused applications or optional Windows components
Setup log files
Offline web pages (cached)
WinSxS (Windows component store)
The above list, however, is not exhaustive. For instance, 'Temporary Remote Desktop files' and 'Temporary Sync Files' may appear only under certain computer configurations, differences such as Windows Operating System and use of additional programs such as Remote Desktop. The option of removing hibernation data may not be ideal for some users as this may remove the hibernate option.
In Windows 10 and 11 you can also choose an option “Clean up system files”. You will have more files to delete. One of new categories is “Windows Update Cleanup”. It allows freeing up a few gigabytes of space. But notice, that if you clean this category it would be impossible to uninstall current Windows update version.
Aside from removing unnecessary files, users also have the option of compressing files that have not been accessed over a set period of time. This option provides a systematic compression scheme. Infrequently accessed files are compressed to free up disk space while leaving the frequently used files uncompressed for faster read/write access times. If after file compression, a user wishes to access a compressed file, the access times may be increased and vary from system to system.
In addition to the categories that appear on the Disk Clean-up tab, the More Options tab offers additional options for freeing up hard drive space through removal of optional Windows components, installed programs, and all but the most recent System Restore point or Shadow Copy data in some versions of Microsoft Windows.
Deprecation
Starting with Windows 10 version 1803 (RS4), the capabilities of Disk Clean-up are incorporated into Windows 10's Settings app. The standalone Disk Cleanup tool is still included, but deprecated in favor of the new interface.
See also
Desktop Cleanup Wizard
Disk Space Analyzers
References
External links
Microsoft Help and Support - Description of the Disk Cleanup Tool in Windows XP
Creating a Disk Cleanup Handler
Windows components
Windows-only software
Utilities for Windows
Demetrius Shipp Jr. (born November 20, 1988) is an American actor. He portrayed rapper and actor Tupac Shakur in the 2017 biopic All Eyez on Me, as well as gang leader Tyrone Moore in All American.
Shipp was cast in the role of Tupac in 2011, after a friend suggested he audition given his strong resemblance to the legendary hip-hop artist. Shipp remarked in an interview that he "never aspired to act." Principal photography did not begin until 2015, and the film was released in June 2017. Shipp's father worked with Tupac Shakur on the 1996 album The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory on the song "Toss It Up".
Shipp worked at Target and Dish Network prior to his acting career.
Filmography
Film
Television
Self
References
External links
Living people
African-American male actors
American male film actors
21st-century American male actors
1988 births
Male actors from California
People from Carson, California
Tupac Shakur
"Validée" is a song by Booba and Benash released in 2015 from the album Nero Nemesis.
Charts
References
2015 songs
2015 singles
French-language songs
Bill Line (born August 11, 1948 in San Angelo, Texas) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears. He also was a member of The Hawaiians, Southern California Sun and Chicago Winds in the World Football League. He played college football at Southern Methodist University.
Early years
Line attended L.D. Bell High School. He accepted a football scholarship from the United States Air Force Academy. He transferred to Southern Methodist University after his freshman season. As a sophomore, he suffered a knee injury and was lost for most of the season.
Professional career
Line was signed as an undrafted free agent by the New Orleans Saints after the 1971 NFL Draft. He was tried at defensive tackle and defensive end during training camp. He was released on September 14.
After his release, he signed with the Roanoke Buckskins of the Atlantic Coast Football League, where he played at defensive tackle in 13 games.
In 1972, he signed as a free agent with the Dallas Cowboys. On August 17, he was traded to the Chicago Bears along with offensive tackle Bob Asher and a 1973 second round draft choice (#48-Gary Hrivnak) in exchange for quarterback Jack Concannon.
In 1972, he appeared in 13 games with 8 starts at right defensive tackle. On August 22, 1973, he was released.
In September 1974, he signed with The Hawaiians of the World Football League. He was released on September 23. In 1974, he signed with the Southern California Sun of the World Football League.
In 1975, he signed with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League, where he was tried at offensive tackle. He was cut on July 20.
In 1975, he signed with the Chicago Winds of the World Football League. In 1975, he was acquired by the Southern California Sun after the Winds team folded.
On July 14, 1976, he was signed as a free agent by the Los Angeles Rams. He was released on August 3.
References
1948 births
Living people
People from San Angelo, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football defensive tackles
Air Force Falcons football players
SMU Mustangs football players
Chicago Bears players
The Hawaiians players
Southern California Sun players
Chicago Winds players
Military personnel from Texas
The Estadio Roberto Natalio Carminatti is a multi-use stadium in Bahía Blanca, Argentina. It is currently the biggest stadium of the city, and is used mostly for football matches. It is the home of Olimpo. The stadium has a capacity of 20,000. In the 2016–17 season, Olimpo, Defensa y Justicia and Vélez Sarsfield drew an average home league attendance of 10,000.
References
External links
Stadium information
Olimpo de Bahía Blanca
Roberto Natalio Carminatti
Sports venues in Buenos Aires Province
Rhinoscapha biundulata is a species of true weevil family. It occurs in New Guinea.
References
Zipcodezoo
Global species
biundulata
Entiminae
Beetles described in 1897
Magdy Hatata (born 1941) is an Egyptian military officer who held various positions during the Presidency of Hosni Mubarak.
Biography
Hatata was born in 1941. He received a master of arts degree in military science and a fellowship of the Nasser Military Academy's Higher War College.
He served as the commander of the second field army. He also headed the Republican Guard being the fifth commander of the guard under Mubarak. He was one of the military personnel fought against Israel in 1973.
Hatata was promoted to the rank of the lieutenant general. He was appointed chief of staff of the Egyptian Armed Forces on 31 October 1995 replacing Salah Halabi in the post. Hatata held the post until 31 October 2001 when Hamdy Wahiba was appointed to the post. The same year Hatata was named by the President Hosni Mubarak as the head of Arab Organization for Industrialization. After leaving the office Hatata taught at the Egyptian Army's Command and General Staff College.
In 2011, he was implicated as one of the presidential candidates. However, he declared in December 2011 that he would not run for the office.
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Egyptian Military Academy alumni
Chiefs of the General Staff (Egypt)
Lieutenant generals
Egyptian people of the Yom Kippur War
Nong Chok Sport Stadium () is a stadium in Nong Chok, Bangkok, Thailand. It is situated in Nong Chok, the biggest and the least populated district of Bangkok. It is currently used mostly for the home games of BEC Tero Sasana FC in 2006 to 2009. The stadium holds 5,000 people. It located inside Nong Chok National Football Center.
The stadium has just one stand. It is unroofed and unseated. There is a grass bank behind the goal to the left of the stand and training pitches behind the other goal. Opposite the stand is a tree-lined grass bank. A perimeter fence separates spectators from the pitch. Unusually for a Thai stadium there is no athletics track. There are no floodlights either.
The stadium is the most basic in the Thai League 1.
Football venues in Thailand
Sports venues in Bangkok
nl:Osotsapa Stadion
Otto Baumberger (21 May 1889 Altstetten, Zurich - 26 December 1961 Weiningen), was a noted Swiss painter and poster artist. Baumberger produced some 200 posters of great quality and style. His realistic rendering of a herringbone tweed coat became a classic of Swiss poster, an example of a Sachplakat (object poster).
References
1889 births
1961 deaths
20th-century Swiss painters
20th-century Swiss male artists
Swiss male painters
Swiss poster artists
Alumni of the Académie de la Grande Chaumière
ETH Zurich faculty
Koçköy is a small belde (town) in Arpaçay district of Kars Province, Turkey. The town is situated in the high plateau of Eastern Anatolia at . The distance to Arpaçay is and the distance to Kars is . The population of the town is 1213 as of 2011. The town was founded during the 19th century by Turks who escaped from The Russian armies during the Russo-Turkish War (1828-1829) and Russo-Turkish War (1853-1856) (Crimean War). The name of the town ("aries village") probably refers to an early totem.
References
Populated places in Kars Province
Towns in Turkey
Arpaçay District
Radchenko () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Konakovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River (the Ivankovo Reservoir). Population:
History
The settlement was founded in 1921 to serve the Peat Experimental Station, which was later transformed into the Institute of Peat Industry. The settlement was known as TOS, an abbreviation from Peat Experimental Station. At the time, it belonged to Klinsky Uyezd of Moscow Governorate.
On July 12 1929, the Governorate was abolished, and TOS was transferred to Moscow Oblast. Uyezds were abolished as well, and Zavidovsky District, with the administrative center in the urban-type settlement of Novozavidovsky, was established within Tver Okrug of Moscow Oblast. Redkino was a part of Zavidovsky District. On July 23, 1930, the okrugs were abolished, and the districts were directly subordinated to the oblast. On January 29, 1935 Kalinin Oblast was established, and Zavidovsky District was transferred to Kalinin Oblast. In 1939, TOS was granted urban-type settlement status. In November and December 1941, during World War II, TOS was occupied by German troops. On November 14, 1960 the district was abolished and merged into Konakovsky District. On February 13, 1963, during the abortive Khrushchyov administrative reform, Konakovsky District was merged into Kalininsky District, but on January 12, 1965 it was re-established.
In 1965, TOS was renamed Radchenko to commemorate Ivan Radchenko, one of the organizers of the peat industry in Russia, who used to live in the settlement. In 1990, Kalinin Oblast was renamed Tver Oblast.
Economy
Industry
There is a mechanical engineering plant in Radchenko.
Transportation
The closest railway station is Redkino at the Moscow – Saint Petersburg Railway. It belongs to the Leningradsky suburban railway line and is connected by regular passenger suburban service with both Moscow (Moscow Leningradsky railway station) and Tver.
Radchenko lies on the M10 highway, which connects Moscow and St. Petersburg. There is an additional road connection to Redkino and Izoplit.
The Volga is navigable in Radchenko. Occasionally there is a ferry across the river.
Culture and recreation
Radchenko contains one cultural heritage monument of local significance, which is the former house of Ivan Radchenko.
References
Notes
Sources
Urban-type settlements in Tver Oblast
Klinsky Uyezd
Murder Backstage () is a 1960 Greek theatrical film noir film starring Alekos Alexandrakis, Maro Kontou, Hristos Tsaganeas, Titos Vandias, Aliki Georgouli, Georges Sarri and Dimos Starenios. The writer was from the famous police novelist Giannis Maris.
Plot
A well known actress of the theatre is assassinated and the simultaneously one of these actors of the theatre escapes. The police, along with the journalists of a newspaper company ask the edge of the filament for located the assassin. The action occurs during the occupation period of World War II.
Cast
Alekos Alexandrakis - Journalist Makris (Δημοσιογράφος Μακρής)
Titos Vandis - Officer Bekas (Αστυνόμος Μπέκας)
Maro Kontou - Elena Pavlidi (Έλενα Παυλίδη)
Aliki Georgouli - Mary Lambrinou (Μαίρη Λαμπρινού)
Zorz Sarri - Thaleia Halkia (Θάλεια Χαλκιά)
Christos Tsaganeas - Pavlos Stefanou (Παύλος Στεφάνου)
Efi Mella - Roza Delli (Ρόζα Δελλή)
Thanassis Mylonas - Haris Apostolidis (Χάρης Αποστολίδης)
Dimos Starenios - Stavros
Lavrentis Dianellos - barman
Sapfo Notara - cleaning lady
Vasos Andrianos
Dimitris Nikoalidis
Giorgos Damassiotis - doorman
Giorgos Belos
Gkikas Biniaris
Velisarios Kontogiannis
Awards
The movie was presented with the presentation of an American film noir that made it one of the greatest Greek movies of the time, it was awarded twice at the first Thessaloniki Film Festival in 1960 (see 1960 Thessaloniki Film Festival.
Photographer: Aristeidis Karydis-Fuchs
Second female role: Georges Sarri
External links
Egklima sta paraskinia at cine.gr
1960 films
1960 comedy films
1960s Greek-language films
Greek thriller films
The Hungarian Cricket Association is the governing body of the sport of cricket in Hungary. It was founded in October 2006. Its headquarters are located in Budapest. The National Cricket Ground is the GB Oval in Sződliget, just north of Budapest.
The Hungarian Cricket Association represents Hungary in the International Cricket Council, of which it is one of the newest Affiliate members, having been accepted into membership in 2012. In 2017, became an associate member
Hungarian Cricket League
Cup competitions
Clubs
National team highlights
First matches played in Slovenia in September 2007. First official match played in Prague against Bulgaria in August 2008.
Hungary won the European Twenty20 Championship of 2010, held in Skopje, Macedonia, beating Russia in the final. They defended the title in August 2011 at their home ground, Szödliget, just north of Budapest, with victory over Bulgaria in the final.
In the 2014 season, Habib Deldar was the captain of the Hungarian national cricket team, and Abhijeet Marc Ahuja was vice-captain.
Women's cricket
Female cricketers have been involved in Hungarian cricket since its introduction in Comenius School in Székesfehérvár in September 2006, as players, coaches, umpires and scorers. A women's national team has represented Hungary at home and abroad since February 2008 (Potsdam, Germany).
Hungary hosted international women's tournaments in 2009 and 2010. The women's national team came second in a 4-nation tournament in Belgium in 2011, losing to Germany in the final.
Junior cricket
Introducing and coaching cricket in schools has taken place non-stop since September 2006 and there are regular introduction to cricket workshops and demonstrations.
Juniors have played in the Hungarian Cricket League since its inception in 2007 and have travelled around Europe representing Hungary since June 2007. One highlight was victory in a tournament in Croatia in 2010. National championships have been held indoors and outdoors since February 2010.
Native cricket
Hungary will host a European international native tournament on June 28–30, 2019 against Poland, Serbia and Estonia.
HCA Board
Nov 2006 - Dec 2008: Andrew Leckonby (BB), Andy Grieve, Chairman (Com), David Brown (DCC)
Dec 2008 - Sept 2009: Ferenc Zsigri, President (DK), Gabor Torok (DK), Mike Glover (BBA)
Sept 2009 - Feb 2011: Andrew Leckonby (BBA, Benjamin Lebor (Pho), David Brown (DCC), Gabor Torok, President (DK), Mike Glover (BBA)
Feb 2011 - Feb 2013: Adrian Zador (DCC), Andrew Leckonby (BBA), Benjamin Lebor (Pho), Gabor Torok, President (DK), Mike Glover (BBA)
Feb 2013 - Feb 2015: Adrian Zador (DCC), Andras Toth, Andrew Leckonby (BBA), Khaibar Deldar (BF), Marton Kis, President
2016 - 2018: Duncan Shoebridge, Marton Kis, Steve Anthony, Adrian Zador
Notes
External links
Hungarian Cricket Association, official web site (in English)
Cricket administration
Cricket
Rabi Narayan Bastia is an Indian geoscientist and the Global Head of Exploration at Lime Petroleum, Norway, known for his contributions in the hydrocarbon explorations at Krishna Godavari Basin (2002), at Mahanadi Basin (2003) and at Cauvery (2007). A non-executive director of Asian Oilfield Services Limited and the President at OilMax Energy, Bastia is a recipient of the Odisha Living Legend Award. The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2007, for his contributions to Science and Technology.
Biography
Bastia was born on 2 October 1958 in Odisha, India, and graduated in Science from Utkal University. His master's degree came in Applied Geology from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur which was followed by a doctoral degree (PhD) in Structural Geology from the same institution. Later, he completed an advanced master's course (MS) in petroleum exploration at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, with a first rank. His career started at the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) in 1980 and he worked there for 16 years till he joined Reliance Industries (RIL) in 1996 where he founded and headed the exploration and production (E&P) Division. He led the RIL exploration team at Krishna Godavari Basin and discovered the KG-D6 field in 2002, reportedly the biggest Natural gas find worldwide in the year 2002. He worked with RIL till 2012 during which time the team led by him was successful in discovering gas at Mahanadi basin of the Northeast coast in 2003 and at Cauvery basin in 2007.
In 2012, he resigned from RIL, under controversial circumstances, reportedly due to the decline in the output from the KG-D6. By that time, he had already been associated with Lime Petroleum, Norway for two years, as a director, where he is the Global Head of Exploration. He is the President of E&P business at OilMax Energy, a Pune-based project management consultants in the energy sector, concurrently serving Asian Oilfield Services as a non-executive independent director and Hibiscus Petroleum Bernhad, Malaysia as a director, resigning from the latter board in 2014. He also sits in the director boards of Oil Field Instrumentation India Limited and Synergy Oil and Gas Consultancy Pvt Ltd. In 2005, he was elected as the chairman of the International Quality and Productivity Centre (IQPC), the first Indian to hold the post. He is a member of American Association of Petroleum Geologists and the Society of Exploration Geophysicists and Petroleum Engineers. He is also a member of the Society of Geoscientists and Allied Technologists, Indian Geological Congress and the Association of Petroleum Geologists of India.
Bastia is the author of Geologic Settings and Petroleum Systems of India's East Coast Offshore Basins : Concepts and Applications, a text on exploration of hydrocarbons in Indian coast. Besides, he has published over fifty articles in peer reviewed national and international journals and serves as a visiting professor at many universities. He has also mentored four students in their doctoral research and has delivered keynote addresses at several international conferences including the Petromin Deepwater Conference at Malaysia and the SEAPEX Conference at Singapore.
Bastia is married to Rashmi and the couple has two sons.
Awards and honours
Bastia was awarded the degree of Doctor of Science (DSc) by the Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, his thesis validated by Alberta University and the University of Oklahoma. This was the first instance a scientist in India receiving the honour for petroleum research. In 1990, the Indian National Science Academy awarded him their Young Scientist Award. While working at the Oil and Natural Gas Commission, he received three institutional awards between 1993 and 1995, including the Young Executive Award. The Geological Society of India awarded him the National Mineral Award in 2003 and the Government of India followed it up, three years later, with civilian honour of the Padma Shri in 2007; a year earlier, he had received the Gold Medal of the Association of Exploration Geophysicists. The year 2007 brought him two more awards viz. Infraline Service to Nation Award and Ruchi Bharat Gaurav Samman of the Government of Odisha. He was featured in the Who's Who in the World of the American Continental Research in its 2008 edition and the International Biographical Centre listed him among the top 100 educators of the world in 2009. He is also a recipient of the Oceantex Leadership and Excellence Award (2010) and the Odisha Living Legend Award (2011).
See also
Krishna Godavari Basin
Reliance Industries
Upstream (petroleum industry)
References
Further reading
Recipients of the Padma Shri in science & engineering
Living people
1958 births
Indian geologists
Scientists from Odisha
Indian scientific authors
Utkal University alumni
IIT Kharagpur alumni
Norwegian University of Science and Technology alumni
Indian expatriates in Norway
20th-century Indian earth scientists
Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines), Dhanbad alumni
The following lists events that happened during 1946 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan (until 9 May), Shah Mahmud Khan (starting 9 May)
May 1946
Sardar Shah Mahmud succeeds Sardar Mohammad Hashim as prime minister. This change of government, after a period of 17 years without change, leads to the proclamation of a general amnesty for political prisoners and the setting up of a high court of justice for the trial of future political offenders.
June 5, 1946
Afghanistan applies for membership in the United Nations. This is approved on August 29, and Afghanistan is formally admitted as a member by the Assembly on November 19.
June 13, 1946
An agreement is signed in Moscow by Vyacheslav Molotov and Sultan Ahmad Khan, Afghan ambassador, reestablishing the frontier which had existed between Afghanistan and imperial Russia; the new treaty concerns the frontier line along the Penj and Oxus rivers and provides for the incorporation in the U.S.S.R. of the Kashka district, ceded to Afghanistan in 1921.
1946
The women's movement in Afghanistan is resumed by the foundation of Women's Welfare Association, the first women's organisation in Afghanistan since the Anjuman-i Himayat-i-Niswan.
References
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
The 2020 United States presidential election in Louisiana was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Louisiana voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Louisiana has eight electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump won Louisiana on the day of the election 58.5% to 39.9%, a margin of 18.6%, down from 19.4% in 2016. Per exit polls by the Associated Press, his strength in Louisiana came from White born-again/Evangelical Christians as well as conservative Roman Catholics who have a high population in Louisiana, who supported Trump with 91% and 80% of their vote. On the issue of abortion, 57% of voters believed abortion should be illegal in most or all cases. As is the case in most southern states, there was a stark racial divide in voting for this election: Southern Whites supported Trump by 77%–22% while African-Americans supported Biden by 88%–10%.
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for April 4, 2020. On March 13, they were moved to June 20 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic. Then on April 14, they were further pushed back to July 11.
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump was essentially uncontested in the Republican primary. The state has 46 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Generic Opponent
with Generic Republican and Generic Democrat
Results
Statewide results
Results by parish
By congressional district
Trump won 5 of the 6 congressional districts in Louisiana.
Notes
Partisan clients
See also
United States presidential elections in Louisiana
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 Louisiana elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
. (Guidance to help voters get to the polls; addresses transport, childcare, work, information challenges)
Louisiana
2020
Presidential
"Touch a New Day" is a song by German singer Lena Meyer-Landrut. It was written and produced by entertainer Stefan Raab for her debut album My Cassette Player (2010). The song was released on 3 August 2010 as the album's second and final single, following Meyer-Landrut's victory at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.
Music video
The music video for "Touch a New Day" was directed by Marten Persiel. It starts with a couple in their house's front yard, she's watering the grass and he's washing the car. Meyer-Landrut and her friend are behind a bush and Meyer-Landrut calls through the telephone to the house, so the man comes into the house to pick it up and Meyer-Landrut and her friend steal the car. They travel to several places such as France, Spain, they take photos in a photo booth, they have a bath in a lake. Later, they meet a junkman and ask him to remove the upper part of the car, so it becomes a "convertible". In some point they argue for the way to follow but they make up immediately. Finally, they pick up a boy whose roulotte has broken and, in the evening they build a bonfire on a cliff beside the sea.
Formats and track listings
Credits and personnel
Lead vocals – Lena Meyer-Landrut
Producers – Stefan Raab
Music – Stefan Raab
Lyrics – Stefan Raab
Label: USFO for Universal Deutschland
Charts
References
2010 singles
Lena Meyer-Landrut songs
Songs written by Stefan Raab
Song recordings produced by Stefan Raab
2010 songs
Safety and Health is an American magazine published by the National Safety Council.
The editor is Melissa J. Ruminski and the circulation is about 86,000 copies. The magazine was launched as National Safety News () in 1919.
References
External links
Health magazines
Magazines established in 1919
Occupational safety and health
Weekly magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in Illinois
Alan Shadrake (born mid-1934) is a British author and former journalist, who was convicted in Singapore in 2010 of contempt of court for scandalising the Singapore judicial system, through his published views on the country's criminal justice system. Following a failed appeal, he served 5½ weeks in prison.
Judicial process and international criticism
Shadrake was arrested on charges of 'criminal defamation' on 18 July 2010, a day after the publication of his book, Once a Jolly Hangman: Singapore Justice in the Dock, which attacked the Singapore judicial system.
Shadrake, a resident of adjacent Malaysia, was said by the Government to have "cast doubt on the impartiality and independence of the judiciary", and was thus also served with legal papers citing him for contempt by scandalising the court. The arrest and charge followed several previous instances where Singapore's leaders have sued journalists and political opponents for defamation.
His arrest and subsequent detention for two days received widespread media coverage and elicited calls for his release, including from Amnesty International and a dedicated Facebook page, and renewed attention on Singapore's practice of capital punishment. He was released pending trial after a local activist posted his bail of S$10,000 (US$7,240).
Shadrake's case was in October and he mounted a vigorous defence, founded on the legal concept of 'fair criticism and fair comment'. His lawyer was M Ravi, one of the most prominent human rights lawyers in Singapore.
During the trial, Reporters Without Borders launched a petition calling on the Singapore government to lift its restriction on Shadrake's travel, in view of his poor health.
On 2 November 2010, a verdict of guilty of contempt of court was rendered by High Court Judge Quentin Loh. Shadrake subsequently apologised if he had offended the sensitivities of the judiciary and did not mean to undermine the judges or the judiciary. The prosecutors felt that the apology was insincere and intended to lighten the sentence from the court. On 16 November, Shadrake was sentenced to six weeks in prison and fined S$20,000.
At the time of this verdict, Shadrake also faced separate charges of criminal defamation, punishable by up to two years in prison and a substantial fine.
On 10 April 2011, Shadrake appealed against his sentence. The Court of Appeal affirmed the original sentence on 27 May 2011 and he was jailed on 1 June. He was unable to pay the fine and his sentence was therefore increased by a default two weeks' jail to a total of eight weeks. On 9 July, he was released early 'for good behaviour' and deported back to Britain.
Previous related work
In 2005, Shadrake interviewed and wrote about Darshan Singh, Singapore's executioner for nearly 50 years, in The Australian, causing a minor controversy as it was shortly before the execution of Van Tuong Nguyen. Details from further interviews with Singh were included in Once a Jolly Hangman.
Repercussions
Before Shadrake's book was published, Yale University had plans to establish a liberal arts college (Yale-NUS) in conjunction with the National University of Singapore. Four Yale professors took issue with the question of academic freedom in a nation that hinders freedom of expression and, in light of the Shadrake verdict, asked the University administrators to reconsider establishing the college. They were unsuccessful, and Yale-NUS opened its doors in 2011.
Personal life
Shadrake was born in Essex in England. After working with several local weeklies and a news agency in Bolton, Lancashire, he joined the Daily Express in Manchester. He resigned in 1962 to freelance in West Berlin six months after the Berlin Wall was built and stayed until 1967. He returned to freelance in London and to start writing his first book The Yellow Pimpernels: Escape Stories of the Berlin Wall. In 1984 he moved to Santa Monica, California, where he freelanced with Star, Globe and the National Enquirer as well as UK and Australian magazines and tabloids. After his third marriage to a Korean American ended in disaster in 1997 he moved to Las Vegas. In 2002 he was invited by the Singapore government to write travel features to attract American tourists - and stayed to marry his fourth wife - this time a Chinese Singaporean. While freelancing for Australian and UK publications he began researching his Once a Jolly Hangman book which resulted in his arrest in 2010.
He has four children, six grandchildren and five great grandchildren.
Bibliography
The Yellow Pimpernels: escape stories of the Berlin Wall (1974), Hale
Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew by his widow, Linda Lee with Max Caulfield
Once a Jolly Hangman: Singapore Justice in the Dock (2010),
The Beast of Jersey by his wife Joan Paisnel with Max Caulfield
Graham Young: The Boy Poisoner by his sister Winifred with Max Caulfield
Queen of the Witches with Maxine Saunders
Pray Silence by Ivor Spencer with Dennis Eisenberg.
See also
Shadrake v. Attorney-General
References
External links
Reporters Without Borders petition
Singapore Anti-Death Penalty Campaign (SADPC)
1934 births
British people imprisoned abroad
British writers
Living people
Prisoners and detainees of Singapore
Jakob Schaffner (14 November 1875 – 23 September 1944) was a leading Swiss novelist who became a supporter of Nazism.
Emergence as a writer
Born on 14 November 1875 in Basel, both his father and his mother, a native of the State of Baden, died when he was young, leaving him to be reared in an orphanage. His early experiences inspired his most celebrated novel Johannes (sometimes known as Roman einer Jugend), which was published in 1922 and was a semi-autobiographical story of life in an orphanage. He initially worked as a shoemaker before turning to writing and held a number of other jobs throughout his life whilst an author. As a young shoemaker Schaffner travelled extensively as a journeyman in the Netherlands, Belgium and France, which heavily influenced his later writing, much of which was concerned with travel.
He studied at the University of Basel, and wrote his early works in Basel. In his very early days Schaffner was sympathetic to communism but he would switch at an early age to nationalism.
In 1912, Schaffner moved to Charlottenburg, near Berlin, Germany, after marrying a German woman and was driven by his German ethnic identity. His native spoken tongue was the Alemannic German dialect but seeking to rid himself of regional peculiarities and become what he described as an "all-German" he consciously adopted north German forms and expressions in his writing. He was strongly critical not only of Judaism but also of Christianity, dismissing the Bible as "a foreign collection of texts".
Far right activity
He later returned to Switzerland and from 1936 to 1938 was active on behalf of the National Front, leaving the movement along with Rolf Henne and Hans Oehler. For a time Schaffner was a member of the , a pro-Nazism group established by Henne, Oehler and others on the extreme wing of the National Front. Schaffner had initially been a sceptic about Nazism but soon became a strong supporter of Adolf Hitler, feeling that he could spearhead a renovation of Europe.
During the Second World War Schaffner returned to live in Germany. He joined the Nazi Party and worked as a propagandist for Joseph Goebbels. He rarely returned to Switzerland, except for a meeting with cabinet minister Marcel Pilet-Golaz in 1940 alongside and Max Leo Keller, two leading members of the recently established Swiss Nazi movement, the National Movement of Switzerland.
He was killed in 1944 during an air raid on Strasbourg and was buried in his hometown Buus in September 1944. Having formerly been widely regarded as a writer, Schaffner's reputation in German-speaking literary circles was damaged significantly after the war due to his support for Nazism.
Literary works
Irrfahrten (Wanderings) 1905
Die Laterne und andere Novellen (The Lantern and other novellas) 1907
Konrad Pilater 1910, a story of a rather whimsical journeyman shoemaker, embodying scenes of Schaffner's boyhood as a shoemaker
Der Bote Gottes (The Messenger of God) 1911
Die goldene Fratze (The Golden Fratze – a German term for a distorted or ugly face or grimace) 1912
Die Irrfahrten des Jonathan Bregger (The Wanderings of Jonathan Bregger) 1912, a new edition of Irrfahrten of 1905
"The Iron Idol,” an English translation of one of his stories, appears in Kuno Francke, ed., German Classics, v. 19, New York, 1914
Die Weisheit der Liebe (The Wisdom of Love) 1919
Konrad Pilater (new version) 1922
Johannes 1922
Brüder (Brothers) 1925
Das grosse Erlebnis (The Grand Experience) 1926
Die Jünglingszeit des Johannes Schattenhold (The Young Manhood of Johannes Schattenhold) 1930 (sequel to Johannes)
Eine deutsche Wanderschaft (A German Journey) 1933 (third Johannes book)
Offenbarung in deutscher Landschaft. Eine Sommerfahrt (Revealing in German Landscape – A Summer Journey) 1934
Berge, Ströme und Städte. Eine schweizerische Heimatschau (Mountains, Rivers and Cities – A Swiss Homeland Show) 1938
Kampf und Reise (Struggle and Journey) 1939 (final part of Johannes tetralogy)
References
External links
Alan Morris Scohm, 'A Survey of Nazi and Pro-Nazi Groups in Switzerland: 1930–1945'
Propaganda work by Schaffner
1875 births
1944 deaths
20th-century Swiss novelists
20th-century male writers
Critics of Christianity
Critics of Judaism
Writers from Basel-Stadt
Swiss male novelists
Swiss Nazis
Deaths by airstrike during World War II
Swiss emigrants to Germany
Civilians killed in World War II
Fulton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 12,245. The county seat is Salem. Fulton County was formed on December 21, 1842, and named for William Fulton, the last governor of the Arkansas Territory. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 62 Business
Highway 9
Highway 87
Highway 175
Highway 223
Highway 289
Highway 395
Adjacent counties
Ozark County, Missouri (northwest)
Howell County, Missouri (north)
Oregon County, Missouri (northeast)
Sharp County (east)
Izard County (south)
Baxter County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 12,075 people, 4,973 households, and 3,278 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 11,642 people, 4,810 households, and 3,511 families residing in the county. The population density was 19 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 5,973 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.67% White, 0.20% Black or African American, 0.67% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.06% from other races, and 1.19% from two or more races. 0.53% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,810 households, out of which 27.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.40% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.00% were non-families. 24.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.83.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.80% under the age of 18, 6.40% from 18 to 24, 23.70% from 25 to 44, 27.00% from 45 to 64, and 20.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 96.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,529, and the median income for a family was $29,952. Males had a median income of $22,213 versus $18,066 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,712. About 12.70% of families and 16.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.10% of those under age 18 and 12.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Fulton county has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry the county was Bill Clinton, in 1996.
Education
Fulton County is the home to several public school districts:
Mammoth Spring School District, including Mammoth Spring High School.
Salem School District, including Salem High School.
Viola School District, including Viola High School.
Communities
Cities
Ash Flat
Cherokee Village
Hardy
Horseshoe Bend
Mammoth Spring
Salem (county seat)
Town
Viola
Unincorporated communities
Bexar
Camp
County Line
Elizabeth
Gepp
Glencoe
Heart
Many Islands
Ruth
Saddle
Sturkie
Wild Cherry
Townships
See also
List of lakes in Fulton County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fulton County, Arkansas
References
1842 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1842
Sister Evelyn Mattern, a Catholic religious sister, was active in social justice movements in North Carolina from the 1970s until her death in 2003. She was concerned with farmworker's rights, gender equality, and environmental issues. She was known for her life of prayer, contemplation, activism, and protest. Additionally, Sister Evelyn authored books on women mystics, the beatitudes, and the lives of women in ministry.
Early life
Evelyn Mattern (née Linda Mattern) was born on January 7, 1941, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Evelyn and Joseph Mattern. She was the oldest of three children. As a child, Evelyn attended Catholic school and developed an interest in nature. Upon graduating from Philadelphia's Little Flower Catholic High School for Girls in 1958, she attended college for one year as a National Merit Scholar but left to join a convent, the Immaculate Heart of Mary sisters in Philadelphia. She took final vows in 1965. Shortly after joining the convent, she returned to college, graduating from the University of Pennsylvania with the highest honors in English and history in 1962. Sister Evelyn also earned her doctorate in literature at the University of Pennsylvania, completing her dissertation on Shakespeare in 1969.
A non-traditional religious sister
After leaving the Immaculate Heart of Mary sisters in 1975, Sister Evelyn joined a new, non-traditional congregation of sisters—the Sisters for Christian Community. The congregation was founded after Vatican II with the intention of reframing the traditional vows of obedience, chastity, and poverty, as listening, loving, and serving. This non-traditional congregation matched the changes that came with Vatican II as it emphasized prayer and open dialogue. In addition, the Sisters for Christian Community take their vows to God in the presence of one another.
Move to North Carolina
Upon completing her doctorate, Sister Evelyn moved to Raleigh, North Carolina, to teach English at St. Augustine's University, a historically black college. There she joined efforts toward racial reconciliation. In 1976, Sister Evelyn left St. Augustine's University to start the Office of Peace and Justice at the Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh.
North Carolina Council of Churches
In 1981, Sister Evelyn left the Office of Peace and Justice and joined the North Carolina Council of Churches as a program associate. Her early work for the Council focused on farmworker's rights. She also chaired the Council's education and advocacy committee. According to their mission statement, the Council of Churches “enables denominations, congregations, and people of faith to individually and collectively impact our state on issues such as economic justice and development, human well-being, equality, compassion and peace, following the example and mission of Jesus Christ.”
Sister Evelyn worked with the Council of Churches for nine years as an organizer, legislative lobbyist, and publications editor. During this time, she lobbied the state legislature for children's programs, welfare improvement, prison reform, and migrant issues. Sister Evelyn also edited and wrote for the Council's newsletter. In the late 1980s, she left the Council to teach English in local community colleges for five years, after which she returned to the Council to oversee publications and social action projects. During her years with the Council she set aside three months every summer to focus on her contemplative life.
Social activism
As an activist Sister Evelyn worked closely with Student Action with Farmworkers and the Farm Labor Organizing Committee to improve conditions for farmworkers in North Carolina. For example, after witnessing the shoddy living conditions of many farmworkers, she advocated for the creation of a sixty-unit housing development for migrant workers near the town of Smithfield. Beginning in 1999 she was also involved in organizing a boycott of the Mount Olive Pickle Company that aimed to challenge the company to pay more for cucumbers so that growers would raise farmworker incomes. The boycott finally succeeded in 2004, after Sister Evelyn's death.
She also advocated for women's rights through her involvement with the Women's Center of Raleigh. In 1976, Sister Evelyn founded the Center to serve as a halfway house for formerly incarcerated women. The Center also provided counseling, protection, and other services to local women. She also served on the Equal Rights Committee of the North Carolina Council of Churches. The committee began by working for passage of the Equal Rights Amendment and after its defeat continued to address issues of gender inequality.
In 1990, Sister Evelyn traveled to Iraq with Reverend Jim Lewis to protest the impending Gulf War. Following their trip, the Indy Week, formerly the North Carolina Independent, gave them “Citizens of the Year” Awards. Shortly after that, she represented the Council of Churches in planning a conference on interfaith relations for Muslims and Christians.
Early in her time in North Carolina, Sister Evelyn volunteered to teach creative writing to inmates at the North Carolina Correctional Institution for Women. She continued her work in criminal justice by lobbying for legislation to outlaw the death penalty for most crimes committed by minors under the age of seventeen. She opposed the death penalty and helped organize other people to work for that cause.
Sister Evelyn also became involved in the environment movement by founding the Climate Connection: Interfaith Eco-Justice Network as a program of the Council of Churches. In 2005, the program changed its name to North Carolina Interfaith Power & Light. Today, North Carolina Interfaith Power & Light works with congregations to discuss how the keeping and care of creation is a unifying theme in theology of major religions.
Contemplation
Sister Evelyn's home, Peace Hill, was a secluded log cabin in the woods where she lived with her dog, Paz. Though she lived alone, Sister Evelyn often invited friends to Peace Hill for conversation and silent walks in the woods. Her interest in interfaith spirituality led her, with Mel Williams and Claudia Horwitz, to begin the Interfaith Monastery Group, which created an interfaith group intended to honor the inner life of Contemplation and Practice and the outer world of Justice and Hospitality. After a few years, this group split in two; one group met for prayer and contemplation, thus carrying out the work of a monastery without walls, while the other group met to conceive the monastery's future home. Although plans for the monastery did not survive Sister Evelyn's death, a group continues to meet twice a month for contemplative silence, sharing, and fellowship. Inspired by Sister Evelyn's home, this group calls itself Peace Hill.
Writing
Sister Evelyn was an avid writer. She published two books, Blessed Are You: The Beatitudes of Our Survival (Ave Maria Press, 1994) and Why Not Become Fire? Encounters with Women Mystics (Ave Maria Press, 1999), the latter written with Helen David Brancato. Shortly before her death in 2003, Sister Evelyn wrote a readers theater piece, The Women's Coffeehouse of Spirit: The Changing Role of Women in North Carolina Protestant, Catholic, and Jewish Congregations over the Last Forty Years. The script, based on interviews with women on the North Carolina Council of Churches Equal Rights Committee, presents a series of monologues from women of different faiths and denominations. In these monologues the women puzzle through the role that gender has played in their individual stories and how the landscape of faith and gender has changed in their lifetimes.
Death
Sister Evelyn was diagnosed with lung cancer in early 2003. After undergoing chemotherapy for a short time, she learned she had terminal cancer. After the diagnosis she left Peace Hill and returned to Philadelphia in early October 2003. She entered the Sacred Heart Home, a Roman Catholic center for the terminally ill. She died on November 30, 2003, at the age of 62.
References
1941 births
2003 deaths
Activists from Philadelphia
Writers from Philadelphia
University of Pennsylvania
St. Augustine's University (North Carolina)
Deaths from cancer in Pennsylvania
Deaths from lung cancer
20th-century American Roman Catholic nuns
21st-century American Roman Catholic nuns
The Gemini Hummingbird is a family of American single seat, twin-engined ultralight aircraft. Designed in 1979, and introduced in 1980, the Hummingbird was designed by Ed Sweeney and produced by Gemini International. The aircraft was supplied assembled and ready to fly, or as a kit for amateur construction.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed before the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles rules, but later versions were intended to specifically fit the category. The Hummingbird features a high wing, a V-tail, an open cockpit, tricycle landing gear and twin, wing-mounted engines in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from aluminum tubing, with its flying surfaces covered in Dacron sailcloth. Its 70% double-surface, span wing is cable-braced from an inverted "V" kingpost on early models and is strut-braced on later versions. The pilot is accommodated in a web sling seat that allows foot-launching, an unwritten requirement for ultralights in the USA prior to FAR 103. The controls are three-axis, but on the Sport model the control stick activates all surfaces, including the ruddervators. The later 103 model introduced rudder pedals. The landing gear lacks suspension, but does feature nosewheel steering. Both models had structurally sound designs, and could maintain altitude on one engine. The more powerful Prospector engine equipped models are able to climb on one engine.
The 103 models were able to fold completely flat for easy transport or storage. They were designed to be transported on top of a car and required two people to set up.
In 2009 Sweeney was experimenting with electric motors on one of his Hummingbirds, but no test flights were conducted.
Variants
Hummingbird Sport
Single-seat cable-braced model, powered by two single-cylinder Husqvarna AB Partner chainsaw engines with reduction drives installed or, later, two twin-cylinder Limbach Flugmotoren engines. The Sport has an empty weight of and a gross weight of .
Hummingbird 103
Improved, strut-braced single-seat model for FAR 103 rules, powered by two Solo 335 engines of . Was capable of folding flat for transport or storage.
Hummingbird 2
Two-seat model, with a structurally stronger airframe. It was considered a Light-Sport Aircraft instead of an ultralight, because it had two seats. Only one prototype was ever produced.
Specifications (Hummingbird 103)
See also
References
External links
Photo of Gemini Hummingbird
1980s United States ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Hummingbird
Parasol-wing aircraft
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1979
The procedures of the Supreme Court of Canada for hearing cases is established in the Rules of the Supreme Court of Canada, the Supreme Court Act, and by tradition.
Terms and sittings
Hearings of the Supreme Court take place exclusively in the Supreme Court building in Ottawa. The Court sits three times a year for three months at a time starting in January, April, and October. Every two weeks that the Court sits is followed by a two-week break making for a total of 18 weeks a year of hearings. The Mondays are often reserved for hearing motions regarding ongoing appeals. The remaining days of the week the Court is used for hearings. The Court will hear one or two cases a day beginning at 9:30 a.m.
Quorum of the Court requires five Justices, but most cases are heard by a panel of seven or nine Justices. The Chief Justice presides over each hearing. If the Chief Justice is not available, the senior puisne justice on the panel will preside.
Hearings are live-streamed through the Court's website. They are also video recorded for delayed telecast in both of Canada's official languages and are often aired on CPAC. The Court's hearings are open to the public except for certain sensitive cases where a sealing order is enacted. There are three rows of benches reserved for public seating, which are generally taken on a first-come, first-served basis except where it is reserved by counsel or parties in the appeal.
Leave to appeal
Initially, all civil and criminal cases had the right to appeal to the Supreme Court. An amendment to the Supreme Court Act in 1975 required that parties wishing to appeal must apply for "leave to appeal". The only exception is a select type of more serious criminal cases where there continues to an appeal "as of right", as well as appeals from reference questions submitted to the provincial courts of appeal by the provincial governments. The federal government also has the power to pose a reference to the Court on its own motion, as an original proceeding, without requiring leave from the Court.
Leave applications are considered by the justices in groups of three. Only cases which raise questions of public importance are granted. The reasons for their decisions on leave applications are not given.
Hearings
On the bench, the Chief Justice of Canada (or the senior puisne justice) presides from the centre chair with the other justices seated to the right and left of the Chief Justice by order of seniority of appointment. At sittings of the Court, the justices usually appear in black silk robes but they wear their ceremonial robes of bright scarlet trimmed with Canadian white mink in court on special occasions and in the Senate at the opening of each new session of Parliament.
Historically, they were addressed as "My Lord/Lady" during sessions of the court, but the Court has indicated that it prefers that the judges be addressed as "Justice", "Mr Justice" or "Madam Justice".
Each side is given one hour to make their submissions. Where there are multiple claimants or defendants they are required to split the time among them. However, in exceptional circumstances the parties may apply to the Court to have their time extended. Interveners are typically granted ten minutes to make their arguments.
Reasons
Occasionally, the Court may give judgment from the bench, either dismissing or allowing the appeal on the spot. The Court may give short reasons explaining its decision at that time, or it may announce the outcome of the case, with reasons to follow.
The more common practice is that once the hearing is complete, the judges convene immediately in their conference room behind the courtroom to discuss the case. They sit at a round table in the conference room and each judge gives their opinion of the case, starting with the least senior judge. Typically, once the discussion is complete the justices make a tentative decision of the case, and in most cases a decision will be arrived at by the end the day. Retired Justice Binnie has coined the term the "sundown rule" for this practice.
This practice was begun by Chief Justice Cartwright in the 1960s. It was intended to reduce the number of separate reasons that the court was generating at the time and to maintain relations among the judges.
Except where the reasons are announced orally at the hearing, the Court normally reserves its decision. While the case is on reserve, the judges spend a considerable amount of time producing detailed written reasons for judgment. That process may take several months, or over a year. There is normally a majority decision, but judges who disagree with the majority can write a minority opinion, dissenting in whole or in part from the majority. Any judge can write a concurring opinion, agreeing with either the majority or the minority, or setting out the judge's own separate position. While the reasons for judgment are being developed, they may be rewritten several times. There may be a significant amount of continued debate over how the propositions should be articulated and what should be left out. In the more divided cases, there is a possibility that a judge may switch sides during the process and change the outcome of the case.
Notes
References
External links
Supreme Court Rules
Supreme Court of Canada
Appellate review
The Lumberjack Band was a marching band that played at Green Bay Packers' games. The band earned its name because of the plaid flannel jackets its members originally wore.
Formed in 1921, the Lumberjack Band was originally made up of volunteers. Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, the band accompanied groups of fans to road games, especially to those with the Chicago Bears.
In 1931, the band first played "Go! You Packers! Go!", the official fight song of the Green Bay Packers.
The Lumberjack Band was a fixture at Packer games, and an integral part of the City Stadium experience. Curly Lambeau, founder, player, and first coach of the Packers, was convinced that the band played a role in many Packer victories. A bandstand was built for the Lumberjack Band at one corner of the field, and early designs for New City Stadium, later renamed Lambeau Field, showed separate stands with a bandstand in one corner, before the decision was made to have a bowl-shaped stadium.
When Vince Lombardi became head coach and general manager, he upgraded the band's look, saying the traditional flannels did not fit with the team's new stadium. The band was renamed simply "The Green Bay Packer Band" and was set up in the southwest corner of the field, occasionally seeing "guest appearances" by players running out of bounds. The uniforms changed to green military-style outfits. At the time of Lambeau's death in 1965, he was dating Mary Jane Sorgel, a majorette for the Green Bay Packer Band. Wilner Burke directed the band during this period, giving way to Lovell Ives in 1982.
In the 1990s, the use of recorded music and the airing of advertisements on video screens led to the band's playing time being cut back. By 1997, the band was disbanded and re-formed as three six-piece bands called the "Green Bay Packers Tailgaters", which roam the Lambeau Field parking lot before games, playing songs by request for tailgating fans. Kevin Van Ess is the current lead contact for the Green Bay Packer Tailgater Bands.
References
External links
Green Bay Packers official web site
Sports in Green Bay, Wisconsin
Green Bay Packers
1921 establishments in Wisconsin
Musical groups from Wisconsin
Musical groups established in 1921
Ruja is a village in Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Ruja.
It lies approximately east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Ruja
The Zebulon B. Vance Birthplace is a historic site located in Weaverville, Buncombe County, North Carolina, United States. The site is owned and operated by the North Carolina Division of State Historic Sites.
The site is located in the Reems Creek Valley, and was originally a mountain plantation. The historic site explores daily life in the early 1800s in the Blue Ridge Mountains. Visitors can see the historic structures, including a loom house, tool shed, spring house, smoke house, and corn crib. Guided tours show visitors a 1790 slave house and discuss the eighteen enslaved people that lived and worked on the Vance farm. Tours conclude at the reconstructed 1790s Vance home.
Zebulon Baird Vance was born on the property in 1830, and went on to be Governor of North Carolina (18771879) and U.S. Senator (18791894).
The farm features an exhibit about Vance's career, and how this early mountain life influenced him.
References
, NCHR 30
Travel and Promotion Division, Department of Conservation and Development. "Sheltering a heritage: North Carolina's historic buildings." Raleigh, N. C." Litho Industries, Inc. 1969. http://digital.ncdcr.gov/u?/p249901coll22,642128 (accessed August 28, 2012).
Museums in Buncombe County, North Carolina
Historic house museums in North Carolina
North Carolina State Historic Sites
Protected areas of Buncombe County, North Carolina
Houses in Buncombe County, North Carolina
Vance, Zebulon B
Slave cabins and quarters in the United States
Plantation houses in North Carolina
Nissarana Vanaya (Sinhala: නිස්සරණ වනය) is a renowned meditation monastery in Sri Lanka. It is located in Mitirigala in the Western province close to the town of Kirindiwela.
History
Meetirigala Nissarana Vanaya is a monastery in the Kalyāṇi Yogāsrama Samsthava or Galduwa Samsthava, the strictest forest tradition in Sri Lanka. It is considered as one of Sri Lanka's most respected meditation monasteries and was founded in 1967 by Asoka Weeraratna (the founder of the German Dharmaduta Society and the Berlin Buddhist Vihara in Germany). He equipped the monastery with all the facilities conducive to the meditative life, found an accomplished meditation master, Ven. Matara Sri Nanarama Mahathera (author of 'Seven stages of Purification' and 'Seven Contemplations', both published by the BPS), to direct the meditation training, and then, his mission accomplished, he himself entered the Buddhist order under the name Mitirigala Dhammanisanthi. He died on July 2, 1999 after spending 27 years as a forest monk at Mitirigala. Ven. Dhammanisanthi was 80 years of age at the time of his death.
The distinguished senior monk Venerable Matara Sri Nanarama Mahathera was the first abbot and the meditation master. During his period Nissarana Vanaya became one of the most respected meditation monasteries of Sri Lanka due to the fame of its meditation master as well as its secluded and contemplative life where monks practiced sincerely with the aspiration of attaining Nibbana in this very life. Many foreign monks and lay people also practiced meditation under the guidance of Venerable Matara Sri Nanarama Mahathera. Due to his enormous influence on the revival and study of meditation techniques Ven. Nanarama was appointed as the head meditation master of a chain of forest monastery throughout the island called Kalyāṇi Yogāsrama Samsthava or Galduwa Samsthava. One of Ven. Nanarama's greatest gifts was his ability to incorporate the Burmese Vipassana techniques into Sri Lankan meditation traditions and balance them with the teaching of samatha meditation. It is here that the famous Buddhist nun Ayya Khema was taught by Ven. Ñāṇanārāma in the practice of the jhāna or samatha meditation.
On his passing away in 1992 a senior pupil, Venerable Panaduwa Khemananda became the new abbot and meditation teacher and served the monastery for 15 years. During this time one of the closest pupils of Ven. Nanarama, Ven. Katukurunde Nanananda Thera (famous for his books 'Concept and Reality', 'Nibbana-The Mind Stilled' and his series of 33 sermons on Nibbana) left the monastery due to its shifting away from the meditation training established by Ven. Ñāṇārāma.
Ven. Nanananda moved to Potgulgala Aranya near Devalegama, Kegalla where he is still residing, but until a few years ago was connected with the Mangalarama at Meetirigala; see below. Nissarana Vanaya moved closer to current Burmese Vipassana teachings. After Ven. Panaduwa Khemananda thero died in July 2006 the new most senior meditation teacher became Venerable Uda-Iriyagama Dhammajeewa Thera. Ven. Dhammajeewa (or Dhammajiva) is fluent in English and Burmese and has translated several meditation guides and books from Burmese into English and Sinhalese. Apart from the years of training under Ven. Matara Sri Nanananda he spent several years of training under Sayadaw U Panditabhiwansa in Myanmar (Burma), a well-known teacher in the Mahasi Sayadaw tradition.
Life at the monastery
The monks are dedicated to meditation practice and stay in solitary huts in the forest. Lay meditators stay in rooms in compounds. The monks and lay meditators regularly receive instructions from Ven. Dhammajiva, who regularly holds retreats for lay meditators at Nissarana Vanaya. Meditation is done in a large meditation hall in the centre of the monastery. Most monks meditate alone in their huts in the forest.
In the morning monks go on alms begging to a kitchen area down the hill where lay-people who have cooked food donate it to them. A few monks go begging in the traditional style to the village. The monks don't eat after mid-day.
In the evening there is a worship of the Bodhi Tree and Buddha followed by Pali chanting.
The monastery is located in a dense low-country tropical jungle and the climate tends to be hot and humid.
Male meditators are allowed to stay after requesting permission and receiving prior invitation. Retreats are held for female meditators at the reception area down the hill.
Other meditation monasteries at Meetirigala
Meetirigala (sometimes written Mithrigala or Meethirigala) is also the location of two other monasteries. One is the Dharmayatana a place for Tipitaka studies which was later turned into a Vipassana meditation facility for monks to follow Venerable Pa Auk Sayadaw's system of instructions. This place is also part of the Kalyāṇi Yogāsrama Samsthava tradition.'
In the third monastery in Mitirigala, called Mangalarama, there is the practice of a meditation system propagated by the layman Mangala Upasaka and a female medium who claims to receive instructions from the late Nanarama Thera (now residing in the Brahma god realm). An Austrian monk is the abbot of the monastery. For some years this place was connected to Ven. Katukurunde Nanananda Thera and his disciples. There is also a meditation center for nuns and lay-women associated with Mangalarama closer to the village.
The Mangalarama is not connected to Nissarana Vanaya and the Dharmayatana.
See also
Katukurunde Nyanananda Thera
Sri Kalyani Yogasrama Samstha
Na Uyana Aranya
References
Nissarana Vanaya - Official website
Mitirigala Dhammavasa Maha Thero: The Third Abbot of Nissarana Vanaya (Sinhala Wikipedia) මීතිරිගල ධම්මාවාස මහ තෙරුන් වහන්සේ
The founding father of the Mitirigala Nissarana Vanaya:Life sketch of Asoka Weeraratna
Asoka Weeraratna - Official website
Asoka Weeraratna - Wikipedia
Nissarana Vanaya monastery
Dhamma Talks From Meethirigala Nissarana Wanaya
Nissarana Wanaya
Meethirigala Forest Hermitage marks 40th Anniversary
Bhikkhu Bodhi about Nissarana Vanaya in an interview
Retreat Information
Meetirigala, the Forest for escaping from repeated birth - Information Brochure issued by the Meetirigala Nissarana Vanaya Sanrakshana Mandalaya
Buddhist meditation
Theravada Buddhist temples
Theravada Buddhist monasteries
Buddhist monasteries in Sri Lanka
The Lady and the Unicorn are the 1970 solo album by British folk musician John Renbourn. On this release, Renbourn ventures into folk rock and medieval music territory. The first four tracks are arranged from the Add MS 29987 manuscript. The cover was taken from The Lady and the Unicorn tapestry.
Track listing
1.1."Trotto" (Anonymous) – 0:40
1.2."Saltarrello" (Anonymous) – 1:53
2.1."Lamento Di Tristan" (Anonymous) – 1:58
2.2."La Rotta" (Anonymous) – 0:55
3.1."Veri Floris" (Anonymous) – 0:44
3.2."Triple Ballade (Sanscuer-Amordolens-Dameparvous)" (Guillaume de Machaut) – 2:00
4.1."Bransle Gay" (Claude Gervaise) – 1:13
4.2."Bransle De Bourgogne" (Robert Johnson)– 1:34
5.1."Alman" (Anonymous)– 1:25
5.2."Melancholy Galliard" (John Dowland) – 2:47
6."Sarabande" (Johann Sebastian Bach) – 2:41
7."The Lady And The Unicorn" (John Renbourn) – 3:21
8.1."My Johnny Was A Shoemaker" (Traditional) – 4:16
8.2."Westron Wynde" (Traditional) – 1:25
8.3."Scarborough Fair" (Traditional) – 7:22
Personnel
John Renbourn – guitar, sitar
Terry Cox – hand drums, glockenspiel
Lea Nicholson – concertina
Ray Warleigh – flute
Tony Roberts – flute
Don Harper – viola
Dave Swarbrick – violin
Production
Producer: Bill Leader
Liner notes: Colin Harper
References
1970 albums
John Renbourn albums
Reprise Records albums
Transatlantic Records albums
Albums produced by Bill Leader
The is a Government organization administered by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. On January 1, 2010, it replaced the Social Insurance Agency.
Organization
It is a special public corporation with a non-governmental employees headquarters, nine regional headquarters, and 312 branch offices. It has 47 processing centers, which are planned to be integrated into the 9 regional headquarters. The President of the JPS is Toichiro Mizushima, and it has around 27,000 total staff, 15,000 full-time staff and 12,000 temporary workers.
Responsibilities
The JPS is responsible for managing all tasks related to the public pension system:
Handling applications
Collecting contributions
Keeping records
Pension consultations
Paying benefits
Pension records problem
The Social Insurance Agency, the predecessor to the Japan Pension Service, computerized their records in 1979 and in 1997 the SIA attempted to integrate three different databases together. Numerous problems resulted from this and in May 2007 it was exposed by the then-opposition party, the Democratic Party of Japan that 50 million pre-1997 premium payers could not be matched to any citizen enrolled in the system. The then-ruling party, the Liberal Democratic Party, subsequently suffered a loss in the 2007 election, which was partly attributed to the pension scandal.
By January 2010, 14 million of these 50 million records had been consolidated with an existing pension number.
Between the period April 1964 to December 1981, non-Japanese were not allowed to join the National Pension System.
Issues with nonpayment of pension
Under the new system when the JPS was launched in January 2010, the organization is allowed to delegate to the National Tax Agency authority to forcibly collect unpaid pension premiums, but this has not been occurring. Analysts attributed it to squabbles between the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare, under which the JPS operates, and the Ministry of Finance, under which the National Tax Agency works. The ratio of people continuing to pay their national pension premiums has been dropping, falling to 56% as of October 2011. The number of companies failing to make pension payments hit 162,400 nationwide in 2010.
More than 100,000 business have refused to join the program in the three years up to 2012. JPS staff have visited non-compliant businesses and sent notices urging them to join the program. In some cases it has forced businesses to join. It was announced in May 2012 that the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare would file a complaint with police and publish the names of the offending companies. The Employees' Pension Insurance Act stipulates a prison term of up to six months or a fine of up to 500,000 yen for any violator of the law, but the law has rarely been applied.
Social Problems with pension system
Under the national pension plan, a wife who earns less than 1.30 million yen ($13,000) annually has not had to pay for any type of pension plan but has been entitled to receive a pension as a dependent of her employed husband. In other words, the pension system works to the advantage of full-time housewives, who receive survivors' benefits without ever having contributed to the National Pension fund. This has led to complaints from working women that it is unfair that women who have not contributed to pension, receive money from pension fund. The problem we have in the Japanese Pension system is that it is based on the traditional conservative family(the man is working, the woman is not working and is taking care of the children).
The amount of national pension people who are older than 65(who did full contribution) can get is 779,300JPY/ year, which is not enough by normal living standards. Usually, people combine both corporate pension and national pension to survive. However, since corporate pension is not always available, there are growing number of the elderly on welfare due to insufficient amount of pension money received. The rate of relative poverty for the over 65 age groups is 21% while the OECD average is 13% (2007). So this Japanese system of elderly dependent on both national pension and corporate pension has led to an increase in relative poverty as some of them do not have access to corporate pension.
Lastly, Japan is facing an aging population. In 1975—1980, the fertility rate in Japan was 1.83 children per woman (OECD average − 2.26). In the period of 2005-2010, the fertility rate fell to 1.27 (average of OECD – 1.69). At the same time, Japan's life expectancy (at the retirement age) in 2010 was 19.8 years for men (OECD average − 18.5 years) and according to the demographic projections, life expectancy in Japan will increase up to 21.6 years for men. In other words, as the working population is forecasted to shrink further, Japan's pension system will rely on a smaller base of contributors. And there will be more spending as the number of elderly increases. In 2001, the amount of public old-age pensions received per elderly person was 17 times larger than social spending per person under the age of 65. Thus, the Japanese pension system is having a serious issue with the aging population.
See also
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Social Insurance Agency
National Pension (Japan)—mentions International (bilateral) Social Security Agreements
Family policy in Japan
References
External links
Official website (English)
Official website (Japanese)
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Pensions in Japan
Social security in Japan
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1929–30 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1929–30
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Södra 1929–30
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Siti Hediati Hariyadi (born 14 April 1959), popularly known as Titiek Soeharto, is the second daughter of Soeharto, the second president of Indonesia. She has led the Indonesian Art Foundation and was a TV commentator for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, as well as a judge on Puteri Indonesia (Miss Indonesia) 2014. A year after her father's rule ended in 1998, Time magazine estimated her personal wealth at $75 million.
Life
Titiek was born in Semarang, Central Java in 1959. She was the fourth child of Soeharto and Siti Hartinah. When Soeharto resigned in 1998 after 32 years in power, his family was alleged to control over 500 companies and have assets of $15 billion. An investigation by TIME Asia noted there was no evidence the money had been obtained illegally, but the nepotism involving the president's six children was thought to have contributed to his downfall.
In May 1983, Titiek married Prabowo Subianto Djojohadikoesoemo, an Army officer who became known as a hard man of the Soeharto regime. She and Prabowo had one son, Didit Hediprasetyo, who was schooled in Boston and became a fashion and car interior designer. Titiek and Prabowo divorced in 1998 after Soeharto resigned following widespread anti-government protests and mass riots. Sixteen years after their divorce, Titik appeared at rallies with Prabowo to support his presidential campaign in 2014, but she dismissed speculation they would remarry.
Titik has led the Indonesian Art Foundation and she was a TV commentator for the 2006 World Cup. There was some discussion as to why she was chosen as a commentator. The TV company said that this was because they were introducing a wider variety of presenters, but her skill as a commentator was questioned. This was thought to be an inelegant attempt at a comeback for the Soeharto family.
Golkar is the political party that her father created to keep himself in power. Titiek has backed her brother Tommy Soeharto, who was jailed for arranging the murder of a Supreme Court judge, to lead the party. On 5 December 2017, Titiek said she herself was ready to stand for the leadership of Golkar because the party's popularity had slumped. In June 2018, Titiek resigned from Golkar and joined Tommy's Berkarya Party. She complained her voice had never been heard in Golkar.
References
Living people
People from Semarang
1960 births
Indonesian socialites
Javanese people
Cendana family
Djojohadikusumo family
University of Indonesia alumni
Children of national leaders
Imagining Madoff is a 2010 play by playwright Deb Margolin that tells the story of an imagined encounter between Bernard Madoff, the admitted operator of what has been described as the largest Ponzi scheme in history, and his victims. Margolin had originally planned to use Nobel Laureate and Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel as a character representing a victim, but was obliged by legal threats to substitute a fictional character, whom she named Solomon Galkin.
Elie Wiesel's response to the play
Wiesel had been one of Madoff's most notable victims, having lost his life savings to Madoff's fraud in addition to more than $15 million in losses to a charitable foundation Wiesel operated, the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity, with Wiesel calling Madoff a "thief, scoundrel, criminal". Wiesel had been chosen as a character by Margolin because she felt that he was "synonymous with decency, morality, the struggle for human dignity and kindness". In Margolin's original version of the play, the Elie Wiesel character was intended to be a moral authority and key character in the play, in which he recounted his concentration camp experiences and provided meditations on repentance. Margolin sent a copy of the play to Wiesel, who responded in April 2010 with a letter calling the play "obscene" and "defamatory" and threatening legal action to prevent the play from being staged. In an interview with National Public Radio on May 20, 2010, attorney Richard Lehv expressed his opinion that Wiesel would have had little chance in court of preventing Margolin from using him as a character, noting that "it's a free country. You can make a public figure a character in a work of fiction."
Productions
The play was originally to have been staged at Theater J, a Jewish theater in Washington, D.C. in May 2010, but was canceled after Wiesel made his objections known. After Ari Roth, artistic director of Theater J, had offered to submit the play to Wiesel's foundation for review, Margolin objected, viewing the offer as giving Wiesel veto power over the play's content. Margolin called the experience "painful" and said that she was "still scared to talk about it" because of fear of lawsuits, but she felt that she "didn't want to abandon this play". Though the character of Wiesel was formally excised from the play, the replacement character Solomon Galkin, described in the play's script as "80 years old, Holocaust survivor, poet, translator, treasurer of his synagogue", retained most of the dialogue that had originally been planned for the Wiesel character.
The revised play premiered in July-August 2010 at Stageworks/Hudson in Hudson, New York. It ran at Washington's Theater J from August 31 to September 25, 2011.
Artistic director Laura Margolis of Stageworks/Hudson has commented that nothing was lost by removing the Wiesel character, and that the new version of the play gave Margolin greater liberties to develop the Galkin character as a person, rather than as representing a famous figure. In a July 2010 article in The New York Times, Margolin emphasized that she had never planned "to be on the wrong side of anybody, let alone someone I admire".
The New Repertory Theatre of Watertown, MA staged the New England premiere in January 2014, which included sixteen sold-out performances. An encore extension was co-presented with the Boston Center for American Performance at the Boston University Theatre-Comley Studio 210 in May-June 2014.
Awards
On February 27, 2012, Deb Margolin's Imagining Madoff was nominated for the 28th Annual Helen Hayes Awards which celebrates excellence in professional theater in the Washington D.C. area.
References
2010 plays
American plays
Plays based on real people
Plays based on actual events
Plays set in the 21st century
Plays set in the United States
Cultural depictions of Bernie Madoff
Madoff investment scandal
John Fettiplace may refer to:
John Fettiplace (politician died 1580) (1527–1580), English MP from Appleton in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire)
John Fettiplace (politician died 1658) (1583–1658), English MP and royalist from Swinbrook in Oxfordshire
Sir John Fettiplace, 1st Baronet (died 1672), High Sheriff of Berkshire
Live Armageddon is the first live performance on DVD by Brazilian death metal band Krisiun, released in 2006 through Century Media. It was released simultaneously with their sixth studio album, AssassiNation. The DVD, which is nearly two hours in length, contains as its main feature, a performance recorded in Polish Metalmania festival in 2004. As a bonus, the DVD features 45 minutes of a show recorded in 2004 in São Paulo, that included bands such as Ratos de Porão e Korzus. The video also has two songs recorded in an amateur way at Wacken Open Air festival in 2001, footage from the Works of Carnage recording sessions, and the music video of "Murderer".
Track listing
Metalmania 2004
"Hatred Inherit"
"Thorns of Heaven"
"Dawn of Flagellation"
"Murderer"
"Ethereal World"
"Vengeance's Revelation"
"Wolfen Tyranny"
"Conquerors of Armageddon"
"Kings of Killing"
Live in São Paulo 2004
"Dawn of Flagellation"
"Murderer"
"Ethereal World"
"Soul Devourer"
"Vengeance's Revelation"
"Ageless Venomous"
"Drum Solo"
"Wolfen Tyranny"
"Conquerors of Armageddon"
"In League with Satan"
"Works of Carnage"
"Apocalyptic Victory"
Bootlegged at Wacken 2001
"Conquerors of Armageddon"
"Drum Solo"
"Vengeance's Revelation"
Personnel
Performers
Alex Camargo – bass, vocals
Moyses Kolesne – guitar
Max Kolesne – drums
Production
Piotr Wolański – vision mix
Artur Wojewoda – vision edit
Waldemar Szwajda – vision edit
Piotr Brzeziński – sound recording, sound mix
Robert Nowak – assistant
Marcin Pietuch – stage design
Jarosław Kaczmarek – stage manager
Grzegorz Styŀa – TV producer
Edward Gryszczyk – TV manager
Natalia Mrózek – assistant
Marcin Lesiecki – assistant
Tomasz Dziubiński – executive producer
Justyna Szarkowska – assistant
References
External links
[ Live Armageddon] at AllMusic
Krisiun albums
2006 live albums
2006 video albums
Live video albums
Century Media Records live albums
Century Media Records video albums
Çile is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Fisgard is an English name derived from Fishguard, a coastal town in Pembrokeshire, southwest Wales.
Fisgard may also refer to:
Fisgard Lighthouse, an historic lighthouse near Victoria, British Columbia, Canada and named after HMS Fisgard (1819)
Fisgard Street, a historic street in Chinatown, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
HMS Fisgard, any of several ships of the British Royal Navy
Skubal may refer to:
John Skubal (born 1946), American politician who served in the Kansas Senate
Tarik Skubal (born 1996), American baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers
Oliang (, , also spelt oleang and olieng), commonly known as Thai iced coffee, is a popular Thai beverage. Oliang is prepared from a mixture of Robusta coffee grounds, brown sugar, and various grains and seeds like cardamom, corn, soybeans, rice, and sesame seeds. The drink is noted for its coffee aroma and smoky notes from high-roasted grains and seeds.
Origins
The name oliang is derived from the Teochew Chinese pronunciation of 烏涼 (), which literally means "black and iced," in reference to the black iced coffee concoction. Teochews comprise the majority of the Thai Chinese population.
Preparation
Traditionally, oliang is brewed with a Thai coffee filter called tungdtom (), a tea/coffee sock with a metal ring and handle to which a cotton cloth bag is attached. It is also used for making Thai tea. To make Thai coffee, put the oliang into the coffee sock and pour boiling water through it into a carafe. Let the bag steep for approximately 10 minutes until strong. Oliang is sometimes served with condensed milk, or with a small pitcher of evaporated milk, and one of simple syrup with which the drinker can sweeten the oliang to their taste.
Variations
Oliang can be customized as follows:
Black coffee with ice = oliang ()
Black coffee with condensed milk = kopi ()
Black coffee with ice and fresh milk = oliang yok lor ()
Black coffee with condensed milk, ice, and fresh milk = iced coffee (; kafae yen)
References
See also
Thai tea
Thai drinks
Coffee drinks
The Capital Region Development Authority (CDRA), previously known as the Capital City Economic Development Authority (CCEDA), is a quasi-public state agency in Connecticut, responsible for promoting residential and economic development in and around the downtown district of the capital city of Hartford. The agency in its current form was organized by CT Public Act 12–147 in 2012, and consists of a 14-member board of governors supported by a professional staff. The CDRA owns and operates the Connecticut Convention Center, and manages the XL Center under a lease with the City of Hartford, and various other facilities. It provides financing and logistical support for residential and commercial development within the city, particular adaptive reuse of existing buildings.
References
Quasi-public agencies in Connecticut
Alexander Wilson (5 June 1917 – 23 March 1978) was a British Labour Party politician.
Wilson was educated at the Forth Grammar School, before becoming a coal miner. He joined the Labour Party, and served on the Third District Council of Lanarkshire for eleven years.
Wilson's first parliamentary contest was the Hamilton by-election of 1967, in which he lost to the Scottish National Party candidate Winifred Ewing. However, Wilson was able to gain the seat from her at the 1970 general election.
Wilson held the seat until his death at the age of 60 in 1978. George Robertson, the future NATO Secretary-General, was elected as his successor in the subsequent by-election.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
1917 births
1978 deaths
Scottish Labour MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
National Union of Mineworkers-sponsored MPs
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Statistics of Swedish football Division 3 for the 1967 season.
League standings
Norra Norrland, Övre 1967
Norra Norrland, Nedre 1967
Södra Norrland, Övre 1967
Södra Norrland, Nedre 1967
Norra Svealand 1967
Östra Svealand 1967
Västra Svealand 1967
Nordöstra Götaland 1967
Nordvästra Götaland 1967
Mellersta Götaland 1967
Sydöstra Götaland 1967
Sydvästra Götaland 1967
Skåne 1967
Footnotes
References
Swedish Football Division 3 seasons
3
Swed
Swed
Rear Admiral Bonnie Burnham Potter (born March 23, 1947) was the first female physician in the Navy Medical Corps to be selected for flag rank. She served as the commanding officer of the National Naval Medical Center at Bethesda, Maryland and Chief of the Navy Medical Corps.
Early life
A native of Piedmont, California, Potter graduated from the University of California at Davis in 1968 with a bachelor's degree in Animal Science. Following completion of medical technology training, she attended graduate school at the University of California at Davis in Animal Physiology. She received her Doctor of Medicine degree from St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1975.
Potter is a fellow of the American College of Physicians and is certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine, with a certificate of Added Qualifications in Geriatrics. Prior to her retirement from active duty she held faculty appointments at both the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences and Georgetown University Schools of Medicine.
Navy career
Potter completed her internship and residency in internal medicine at the Naval Regional Medical Center (NRMC), Oakland, California, where she was Chief Resident from 1978 to 1979. She remained at NRMC Oakland as a staff internist and Residency Training Officer until 1983. She was assigned as Assistant Head, Internal Medicine Department, Naval Hospital, Portsmouth, Va. from 1983 to 1987. She also served as the Command Intern Coordinator and Transitional Residency Program Director.
In 1987, Potter transferred to the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, F. Edward Hebert School of Medicine, Bethesda, Maryland, where she performed duties as the Medicine Clerkship Coordinator, and Physical Diagnosis Coordinator for National Naval Medical Center, Bethesda, Maryland. From January 1989 to April 1993, she served as the National Naval Medical Center, Bethesda, Chairman and Program Director, Department of Internal Medicine.
As Head, Medical Services, from August 1990 until April 1991, Potter deployed in support of Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm.
From May 1993 to May 1995, Potter was stationed at Naval Medical Center, Portsmouth, Virginia, as the Deputy Commander and Director of Academic Affairs. She was the Commanding Officer of Naval Hospital, Camp Pendleton, California from June 1995 to January 1997.
In 1997, Potter's promotion to rear admiral (lower half) marked her as the first female physician in the United States Navy to be selected for flag rank. Potter was then appointed as Commander of the National Naval Medical Center, Bethesda, Maryland where she also served as the Chief, Navy Medical Corps, Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, Washington, D.C. from April 1997 to September 1999 and as the Chairman, Region 1 TRICARE Executive Board (Lead Agent) from July 1998 to August 1999.
In 1999, Potter was nominated to the rank of rear admiral (upper half), and in December 1999, reported as fleet surgeon, U.S. Atlantic Fleet. Additional duties included Command Surgeon, U.S. Joint Forces Command and medical advisor, Allied Command, Atlantic.
Potter and her husband retired to California in 2003 where she is active in the Navy League and raises alpacas.
Awards and decorations
Potter's awards include the Defense Superior Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, Legion of Merit with gold star, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with gold star, the Navy Commendation Medal, the Navy Achievement Medal, and the Combat Action Medal.
In 2000, while serving as Fleet Surgeon, U.S. Atlantic Fleet, Potter was awarded the Laureate award by the American College of Physicians-American Society of Internal Medicine (ACP-ASIM) in the U.S. Navy Region for her abiding commitment to excellence in education, research and medical care.
See also
Women in the United States Navy
Medical Corps (United States Navy)
References
External links
Attack on the Cole: Medical Lessons Learned
Commander's Experience Promotes Breast Health
Bonnie Potter
1947 births
Living people
People from Piedmont, California
University of California, Davis alumni
Saint Louis University alumni
Physicians from California
United States Navy Medical Corps officers
Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences faculty
Female admirals of the United States Navy
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
American women academics
21st-century American women
Military personnel from California
Barbara Jaylee Montague Burley Mead (June 14, 1929 – September 14, 2012) was an American astronomer with a long career at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. She was also a noted arts patron, a major donor to theatres and cultural organizations in the Washington, D.C. area.
Early life
Barbara Jaylee Montague was born near Clayton, North Carolina, the daughter of Roger Montague and Barbara Montague. Her parents ran a general store. She attended the University of North Carolina at Greensboro (then a women's college), earning a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1951. She earned a master's degree in education from Stanford University in 1954, and completed a doctorate in astronomy at Georgetown University in 1970, studying under Vera Rubin.
Career
Jaylee Burley Mead worked at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center from its beginning in 1959 (she had employee badge number 0010). She created a database of stars and galaxies which remains in use, and cataloging transient lunar phenomena (TLP). She was also active in the Goddard amateur theatre troupe. She also worked at the National Space Science Data Center, where she was assistant chief of the Laboratory for Astronomy and Solar Physics, associate chief of the Space Data and Computing Division, and coordinator of the International Ultraviolet Explorer's Regional Data-Analysis Facilities. In 1986, she was awarded the NASA Medal for Scientific Leadership. She also received the Women in Aerospace Lifetime Achievement Award, and the Goddard Award for Outstanding Service.
Jaylee Burley Mead and her second husband founded the Mead Family Foundation in 1989, and were major donors to theatres and other cultural organizations in the Washington, D.C. area. Their gift to the Arena Stage was "the largest, single, private gift ever bestowed on an American stage," according to Playbill. Jaylee Mead chaired the board of the Studio Theatre from 1994 to 2000. The Arena Stage at the Mead Center for American Theatre and the Mead Theatre at the Studio Theatre complex were named for them, as were several other performance spaces and programs. They also sponsored a lecture series on space exploration at the National Air and Space Museum. Jaylee Mead served on the boards of the Carnegie Institution for Science and the National Children's Museum.
Publications
Publications by Burley Mead included "Apparent Lunar Activity: Historical Review" (Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 1966, with Barbara M. Middlehurst), Chronological Catalog of Reported Lunar Events (NASA 1968, with Barbara M. Middlehurst, Patrick Moore, and Barbara L. Welther), Statistics of the region of Lacerta OB1 (NASA report 1969, with G. V. Coyne and Michele Kaufman), "Advances in ultraviolet astronomy: four years of IUE research" (NASA 1982, with Yoji Kondo and Robert D. Chapman), "Future of ultraviolet astronomy based on six years of IUE research" (NASA 1984, with Yoji Kondo and Robert D. Chapman), and Catalog of infrared observations (NASA 1987, with Daniel Y. Gezari and Marion Schmitz).
Personal life
Jaylee Montague married Gordon Burley; they divorced. She married again, to fellow scientist Gilbert Mead, in 1968. Gilbert Mead died in 2007. She died from heart failure in 2012, in Washington, D.C., aged 83 years.
References
1929 births
2012 deaths
American women astronomers
People from Clayton, North Carolina
University of North Carolina at Greensboro alumni
Stanford University alumni
Georgetown University alumni
20th-century American astronomers
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American philanthropists
21st-century philanthropists
Scientists from North Carolina
21st-century American women
The Huszár class was a class of destroyers built for the Austro-Hungarian Navy before the First World War. They were built to a design by the British shipbuilder Yarrow Shipbuilders, who built the first ship, with a further 11 ships being built in Austrian and Hungarian yards between 1905 and 1909. A replacement ship was built when the lead ship was lost in an accident in 1908, and another ship of similar design building for the Chinese navy was seized on the outbreak of the First World War. Two ships were lost during the war, a single ship serving with the Greek Navy following the end of the war, and the remainder being scrapped.
Design
In 1904, Austria-Hungary, keen to upgrade its navy, placed an order with the British torpedo-craft specialist Yarrow for designs for a 400 t destroyer and a 200 t sea-going torpedo boat. Prototypes of both types would be built by Yarrow with production continuing in the Austria-Hungary, split between the Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino (STT) shipyard in Trieste, Austria and the Ganz-Danubius yard at Fiume, Hungary.
Yarrow's destroyer design was a "turtleback" design similar to the Royal Navy's "thirty-knotters", and was based on Yarrow's built for Japan. The ship's hull was long overall and between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of . They displaced standard and deep load.
The ships were powered by two four-cylinder triple expansion steam engines, fed by four Yarrow boilers, rated at , driving two shafts. This gave a speed of . Four funnels were fitted. One innovation compared with the Ikazuchis was that the uptake to the forward funnel was trunked rearward, allowing the funnel to be moved aft, in turn making room for the ship's bridge to be situated well aft of the turtleback forecastle. This made the bridge much drier in high seas.
The original armament consisted of a single L/45 Skoda gun and seven L/44 guns, with two torpedo tubes, one in the well between the turtleback and the bridge, and one aft. The 47mm guns were later replaced by 66 mm L/40 guns.
History
The first ship, was laid down at Yarrow's London shipyard in September 1904, the ship launching on 31 March 1905 and completing on 19 September 1905, reaching . Orders were placed for a further 11 ships to be built in Austria-Hungary. While STT was quick to begin work, with its first ship, being laid down in September 1905, work at the Ganz-Danubius yard at Fiume, which had been awarded a contract for six ships in order to split work between Austria and Hungary, was delayed by the need to construct slips to build the ships, its first ship not being laid down until July 1907. Deliveries to the Austro-Hungarian Navy continued from September 1906 to December 1909.
On 3 December 1908, Huszár ran aground near Traste on the Adriatic coast, the ship sinking on 12 December. A replacement ship, with the same name, was built at the Naval Dockyard, Pola, using armament and other equipment salvaged from the sunken ship. The class was rearmed in 1912–1913, with five 66 mm L/30 guns replacing the 47 mm guns.
In 1912, China placed an order with STT for a single destroyer based on the Huszár class, to be called Lung Tuan, with twelve more ships ordered in 1913. Armament was to consist of two 12-pounder (76 mm) and four 3-pounder (47 mm) guns supplied by Armstrong Whitworth, with two torpedo tubes. Lung Tuan was almost complete when the First World War broke out, and she was seized by Austria-Hungary, and towed to Pola for completion as , being armed with two 66 mm L/45 guns, four 66 mm L/30 guns and four 450 mm torpedo tubes.
Two ships, Streiter and Wildfang were sunk during the war. The Austro-Hungarian Navy was dissolved after the end of the First World War, with its ships being split between the Allied nations. Eight ships were taken over by Italy and two by France in 1920, and were scrapped, while one ship, Ulan, went to Greece, where it served as Smyrni until 1928.
Ships
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Destroyers of the Austro-Hungarian Navy
Destroyer classes
World War I destroyers of Austria-Hungary
Saddle Peak or Saddle Hill is located on North Andaman Island in India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands. At 832 m, it is the highest point of the archipelago in the Bay of Bengal. It is surrounded by Saddle Peak National Park. It is located near Diglipur, a town in North Andaman Island.
References
Mountains of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Highest points of Indian states and union territories
North Andaman Island
Merlin is a partly lost French epic poem written by Robert de Boron in Old French and dating from either the end of the 12th or beginning of the 13th century. The author reworked Geoffrey of Monmouth's material on the legendary Merlin, emphasising Merlin's power to prophesy and linking him to the Holy Grail. The poem tells of his origin and early life as a redeemed Antichrist, his role in the birth of Arthur, and how Arthur became King of Britain. Merlins story relates to Robert's two other reputed Grail poems, Joseph and Perceval. It introduced motifs that became popular in medieval and later Arthuriana, ensuring him a lasting place in the legend of King Arthur.
The poem's medieval prose retelling and continuations, collectively the Prose Merlin, became parts of the 13th-century Vulgate and Post-Vulgate cycles of prose chivalric romances. The Prose Merlin was versified into two English poems, Of Arthour and of Merlin and Henry Lovelich's Merlin. Its Post-Vulgate version was one of the major sources for Thomas Malory in writing Le Morte d'Arthur.
Background
Writing Merlin, the French knight-poet Robert de Boron seems to have been influenced by Wace's Roman de Brut, an Anglo-Norman adaptation of Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia Regum Britanniae. Merlin is an allegorical tale, relating to the figure and works of Christ. Only 504 lines of the work in its poetic form have survived to this day (in the manuscript BNF, fr. 20047). Nevertheless, its presumed contents are known from the prose version, the latter preserved entirely in the original Old French as well as in a translation to Middle English.
Along with the poems attributed to Robert de Boron – the romance , which survives only in prose, and Perceval, perhaps completely lost – Merlin forms a trilogy centered around the story of the Holy Grail. This "Little Grail Cycle" makes the role and part of Merlin in the Arthurian legend much greater, especially when compared to only one brief mention in all of the five earlier Arthurian poems by Chrétien de Troyes. It also had the Arthurian myth rewritten as being completely around the Holy Grail, here for the first time presented as a thoroughly Christian relic dating from the time of Christ. The Grail, brought from the Middle East to Britain by followers of Joseph of Arimathea, is eventually recovered by Arthur's knight Perceval, as foretold in one of the prophecies in Merlin.
An alternative theory postulated by Linda Gowans goes against the widely accepted conventional scholarship in deeming the prose text to be the original version of Merlin. She argues that the Old French poetic version is unfinished because its (unknown) writer has simply given up on it. She also doubts Robert's authorship of either of these works or of Perceval, attributing only Joseph to him.
Synopsis
Note: All names and events as in the later Middle English anonymous prose version.
The first part introduces the character of , a cleric and clerk who is pictured as writing down Merlin's deeds, explaining how they came to be known and preserved. The text claims that it is actually only his translation of a Latin book written by a Blaise as dictated to him by Merlin himself.
Merlin begins with the scene of a council of demons plotting to create the future Merlin as their agent on Earth to undo the work of Christ, but their plan is foiled and the mother names the child Merlin after her father. It continues with the story of the usurper king Vortiger (Vortigern) and his tower, featuring the seven-year-old Merlin with amazing prophetic powers. Following Vortiger's death, which Merlin also predicted, he assists the new king Pendragon and his brother Uter (Uther Pendragon, soon himself the king as Uterpendragon after the death of the original Pendragon at Salisbury) in their bloody war against Saxon invaders, later erecting Stonehenge as the burial place for the fallen Britons and eventually inspiring the creation of the Round Table.
This is followed by the account of Uter's war with the Duke of Tintagel (here unnamed, but known as Gorlois in general Arthurian tradition) for the latter's wife Ygerne (Igraine), during which Merlin's magic, including many instances of shapeshifting, enables Uter to sleep with Ygerne and conceive Arthur, destined to become the Emperor of Rome. After Uter kills his rival and forcibly marries Ygerne, the newborn Arthur is given into the foster care of Antor (Ector), while Ygerne's daughters from the previous marriage are wed to King Lot and King Ventres (Nentres), and her illegitimate daughter Morgan is sent away to a nunnery and becomes known as Morgan le Fay (the first account of Morgan being Igraine's daughter and learning magic in a convent).
The poem seems to have ended with the later "sword in the stone" story, in which Arthur proves he is to become Britain's high king by a divine destiny. This has been the first instance of this motif to appear in Arthurian literature; it has become iconic after being repeated almost exactly in Thomas Malory's popular Le Morte d'Arthur.
The following is the complete text of the mid-15th-century English translation (medieval English versions replaced the Anglo-Saxon enemies of Britain with the Saracens, the Danes, or just unidentified heathens), with modern conventions for punctuation and capitalization, of the prose version (sans the sequels):
The Birth of Merlin
Vortiger's Tower
Vortiger's Demise; The Battle of Salisbury; and The Death of Pendragon
Uther and Ygerne
Arthur and the Sword in the Stone
Prose and continuations
Merlin is regarded as having been followed by the third part in Robert's Grail cycle, Perceval, however this poem is either entirely lost or perhaps was never even really written. It is nevertheless uncertainly associated with the anonymous prose romance known as the (Perceval en prose), which might be either a reworked prose 'translation' of Robert's poem or just another author's unofficial attempt to complete the trilogy while borrowing from Chrétien de Troyes and others, and was found in only two of the many surviving manuscripts of the prose rendition of Merlin. Its first section, known as the Prologue, is considered to be rather the conclusion of Merlin. Patrick Moran made an argument that the entire Prose Perceval is not an autonomous text but rather an extension of Merlin, to which it is attached in both manuscripts (Didot and Modena) without any mark of passage from one text to another. Its main part tells the story of Perceval's quest for and finding of the Grail. It is then followed by the section known as the Mort Artu that related the subsequent death of Arthur in battle against Mordred.
The poem Merlin itself was recast into prose c. 1210 as the Prose Merlin by authors unknown (highly possibly a single author, perhaps Robert himself). It was then (as the Merlin Proper) extended with a lengthy sequel sometimes known as the Suite du Roman de Merlin to become the early 13th-century romance Estoire de Merlin (History of Merlin), also known as the Vulgate Merlin. The Estoire de Merlin constitutes one of the volumes of the vast Vulgate Cycle (Lancelot-Grail) as probably a late addition to it. The later Post-Vulgate Cycle also begins with material drawn directly from Joseph and Merlin. The writer of the Post-Vulgate manuscript known as the Huth Merlin in fact attributed the authorship of the entire Post-Vulgate Cycle to Robert.
The first of these prose sequels to Merlin, included in the Vulgate Estoire du Merlin, is the Merlin Continuation also known as the Vulgate Suite du Merlin, an 'historical' sequel about the various wars of Arthur and the role of Merlin in them, also focusing on Gawain as the third main character. The second, included in the Post-Vulgate Suite du Merlin (Suite-Huth or the Huth Merlin), is a 'romantic' sequel that includes elements of the Vulgate Lancelot. The third is an alternative version known as the Livre d'Artus (Book of Arthur), which too was written after the Vulgate Cycle had been completed.
Today, the Post-Vulgate Suite is best known as the primary source of Malory for the first four books of Le Morte d'Arthur. It also served as the basis for the Merlin sections of the Castilian Demanda del Sancto Grial and Galician-Portuguese Demanda do Santa Graal. Prior English translations and adaptations have included Henry Lovelich's poem Merlin and the verse romance Of Arthour and of Merlin, each based on different manuscripts of the Vulgate Cycle's version of Merlin.
See also
Prophetiae Merlini
References
Further reading
Nigel Bryant, ed., trans.: Robert de Boron, Merlin and the Grail: Joseph of Arimathea, Merlin, Perceval: The Trilogy of Arthurian Prose Romances attributed to Robert de Boron, Boydell and Brewer, 2005
Laura Chuhan Campbell, The Medieval Merlin Tradition in France and Italy: Prophecy, Paradox, and Translation. Cambridge: D. S. Brewer, 2017
External links
Merlin: or the early History of King Arthur: a prose romance (Early English Text Society), edited by Henry Wheatly. The complete prose Middle English translation of the Vulgate Merlin. Chapter I to VI cover Robert de Boron's Merlin.
Of Arthour and Merlin: Auchinleck Manuscript (National Library of Scotland) (1330s). A Middle English verse adaptation of the Vulgate Merlin combined with material closer to Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia. Lines 1–3059 cover approximately Robert de Boron's Merlin.
Le Roman du Saint-Graal, an 1861 edition of Robert de Boron's gathered poems, available at Wikimedia Commons.
XIIIth century Story of Merlin manuscript BNF fr. 95. Bibliothèque Nationale de France selection of illuminated folios, modern French translation, commentaries .
12th-century poems
13th-century poems
Allegory
Arthurian literature in French
Epic poems in French
Lost poems
Old French texts
Medieval literature
Works based on Merlin
Uther Pendragon
A is a 1998 Japanese documentary film about the Aum Shinrikyo cult following the arrest of its leaders for instigating the sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995. The film focuses on a young spokesman for the cult Hiroshi Araki, a troubled 28-year-old who had severed all family ties and rejected all forms of materialism before joining the sect.
Director Tatsuya Mori was allowed exclusive access to Aum's offices for over a year as news media were continually kept out. However, despite the documentary's unique perspective on Aum's internal workings, it was not financially successful.
Mori released the sequel A2 in 2001, which followed the dissolution of the cult in the absence of their leader, Shoko Asahara.
Cast
Hiroshi Araki - Himself
References
External links
"A" review at Midnight Eye
1998 films
Japanese documentary films
1998 documentary films
Aum Shinrikyo
Documentary films about terrorism
1990s Japanese films
Malin Krastev (; , Sofia), is a Bulgarian male director and actor. His major roles include the films Stonehearst Asylum (2014) and Petrov File (2015). He also plays the character Storch on the television series Magna Aura.
References
External links
Living people
1970 births
Film people from Sofia
Bulgarian male film actors
Male actors from Sofia
The Social Democratic Party/Jant Bi (Parti social-démocrate) is a political party in Senegal.
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007, the party won 23.93% of the popular vote and 26 out of 150 seats.
References
Political parties in Senegal
Social democratic parties
Lavallee Point () is the northernmost point of Shipton Ridge in the Allan Hills, Oates Land, Antarctica. It was reconnoitered by the New Zealand Antarctic Research Program Allan Hills Expedition (1964) who reported that they named the point after a Lieutenant Lavallee, U.S. Navy, who assisted in establishing the expedition in the Allan Hills.
References
Headlands of Oates Land
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Hamilton County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Hamilton County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 34 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, and one former listing.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Boone, Clinton, Hancock, Madison, Marion, Tipton
List of Indiana state historical markers in Hamilton County
References
Hamilton County
Adrián Alberto Bianchi (born April 25, 1964) is a former Argentine footballer who has played for clubs in Argentina, Chile, Uruguay and Venezuela. He played as a forward.
Teams
Vélez Sársfield 1987–1989
Ferro Carril Oeste 1990–1992
Platense 1992–1993
Deportes Concepción 1993–1994
Deportivo Laferrere 1994–1995
Rampla Juniors 1996–1997
Mineros de Guayana 1998–1999
External links
Adrián Alberto Bianchi at BDFA
1964 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
A.C.C.D. Mineros de Guayana players
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield footballers
Club Atlético Platense footballers
Deportivo Laferrere footballers
Deportes Concepción (Chile) footballers
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Rampla Juniors players
Primera B de Chile players
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Expatriate footballers in Venezuela
Association football forwards
James Howe McClure (8 July 1851 – 1909) was a Scottish rugby football player and along with his brother George Buchanan McClure, has the distinction of being the first twin to be capped in international rugby.
Early life
James Howe McClure was born on 8 July 1851 in the Barony district of Glasgow, the son of James Howe McClure (1812–1891) and Grace (née Buchanan). He was one of twins, his brother George Buchanan McClure deemed to have been born second. They were the fifth and sixth children of James and Grace. His father remarried in 1872 to Charlotte Russell, sister of the Welsh entrepreneur James Cholmeley Russell.
Rugby career
James played his club rugby for West of Scotland FC. He was capped once for in 1872. His twin brother, George Buchanan McClure, was also capped for Scotland in the next year, making them the first twins to be capped in international rugby – the only other twins to be capped for Scotland are Finlay and Jim Calder.
Personal life
James married Ellen (Ella) Mary Collier (1858–1931) on 29 October 1884. They had five children: Grace Buchanan (1885–1971); George Buchanan (1887–1955); Ellen May (Eiwee) (1889–1979); William Francis Campbell (1892–1940); and James Howe (1899–1967). James died in 1909, outliving his twin by 21 years.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1851 births
1909 deaths
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Twin people from Scotland
Twin sportspeople
Vodovod is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 49.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
Michael Bernard Gottlieb (April 12, 1945 – May 23, 2014) was an American film director and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the films Mannequin (1987) and A Kid in King Arthur's Court (1995).
Following the release of A Kid in King Arthur's Court, Gottlieb transitioned into video game industry, working as a producer for the remainder of his entertainment career.
On May 23, 2014, Gottlieb was killed in a motorcycle accident on the Angeles Crest Highway in La Cañada Flintridge, California. He was 69 years old and is survived by his three daughters. At the time of Gottlieb's death he was a professor of film at the ArtCenter College of Design in Pasadena, California, teaching screenwriting in both the graduate and undergraduate departments.
Filmography
Mannequin (1987) – director, writer
The Shrimp on the Barbie (1990) – director (under the pseudonym Alan Smithee)
Mannequin Two: On the Move (1991) – writer
Mr. Nanny (1993) – director, writer
A Kid in King Arthur's Court (1995) – director
References
External links
1945 births
2014 deaths
American film directors
American male screenwriters
American video game producers
Art Center College of Design faculty
Film directors from New York (state)
Motorcycle road incident deaths
Road incident deaths in California
Screenwriters from New York (state)
The 1788 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania, held on September 30, 1788, was the first United States Senate election held in Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania General Assembly, consisting of the House of Representatives and the Senate, elected Pennsylvania's first two United States Senators, William Maclay and Robert Morris.
Results
Anti-Federalist William Maclay was elected to the two-year staggered term of the Class I seat, while Federalist and American Founding Father Robert Morris was elected to the full six-year term of the Class III seat. While no official results of the votes were recorded, the State House recorded minutes of its election:
Upon the expiration of Senator Maclay's term in 1791, the State House of Representatives would not be able to elect a new United States Senator due to a dispute regarding the rules and procedures of the election. The seat was finally filled in a 1793 election.
See also
1788 and 1789 United States Senate elections
References
External links
Pennsylvania Election Statistics: 1682-2006 from the Wilkes University Election Statistics Project
1788
Pennsylvania
United States Senate
KVHS (90.5 FM, "90.5 The Edge") is a non-profit high school radio station playing an active rock music format. It is licensed to Clayton Valley High School under the jurisdiction of the Mount Diablo Unified School District and broadcasts from the campus of Clayton Valley Charter High School, Concord, California. The signal reaches the counties of Contra Costa, Solano, Napa, San Joaquin, West Sacramento and Yolo, and KVHS primarily serves the Diablo Valley area.
History
KVHS went on the air as an AM station in 1966...on 850 (Eagles 85)....then moved to 880AM...and later, 660 AM as a carrier current operation. The first faculty advisor was James Copeland...then Ernie Spencer and Ernie Wilson. By that time KVHS was nothing more than a PA system that was literally wired to all of the classrooms as well as carrier current to the office for PA broadcasting to the campus quad for the rock and roll "noon show." At that time, Al Taddeo was "Count Clayton." The station was closely affiliated with the old K-KIS 990 AM rocker for music, production supplies and publicity.
In 1969, KVHS was granted an FCC license to broadcast on 91.1 FM. In the years that followed, the station moved to its present frequency of 90.5, the music formats have changed from block programming and public affairs to Contemporary and Rock, to Hard Rock, to Alternative to its current format of Active Rock.
High school and adult students from all over Contra Costa County have always made up the staff of KVHS. The Faculty Advisor for 20 years was Tom Wilson, who has been involved in the radio industry since 1970. After starting out as a call-in guest on KSFO he moved on to KWUN, and also on to KQED-TV. He was also an on-air personality and the Operations Director at KWUN before becoming the Faculty Advisor at KVHS in 1978.
In 1998, Melissa Wilson (a.k.a. Melissa McConnell of San Francisco Bay Area radio and television) took over as General Manager and Faculty Advisor of KVHS-FM. Melissa was an on-air personality and programmer for such radio stations as KYA-FM and AM, K101-FM, KEEN-AM, KDBK/KDBQ-FM ("Double 99FM"), KKIS-FM and AM, KYCY-FM, KATM-FM, as well as KWUN-AM with Tom Wilson. She transitioned KVHS from signing off the air at 10pm to 24/7/365 operation with the installation of digital automation in 1998, which is responsible for the uninterrupted on-air programming (when there is no live DJ) to date.
In 2013, budget cuts were responsible for the layoff of the Faculty Advisor and the closing of the class. The decision to either move the station to another location or hire a new Faculty Advisor to restart the KVHS Radio Communications class is currently under consideration by the MDUSD School Board. Although not affiliated with the Clayton Valley Charter High School, the studios are currently still located on the campus of CVCHS, and the ownership and oversight of the radio station remains by the Mount Diablo School District (also the owner of the CVHS campus.)
References
External links
Official website
High school radio stations in the United States
VHS
Ruthie Matthes (born November 11, 1965) is an American professional bicycle racer who won the World Cross-Country Mountain Bike Championship in 1991. She is also a road cyclist, having twice finished in 2nd place in the Women's Challenge bicycle stage race. Ruthie is one of a series of professional riders who got their start in cycling through the Red Zinger Mini Classics youth bicycle race series in Colorado.
External links
1965 births
American female cyclists
Cross-country mountain bikers
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the United States
Living people
People from Sun Valley, Idaho
UCI Mountain Bike World Champions (women)
American mountain bikers
21st-century American women
Kologo is a village and seat of the commune of Tiémala-Banimonotié in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 25 km south of the town of Bougouni, the administrative center for the cercle.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1951–52 season.
League standings
Division 2 Nordöstra 1951–52
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Sydvästra 1951–52
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Louis-Pierre Deseine (1749–1822) was a French sculptor, who was born and died in Paris. He is known above all for his portrait busts and imaginary portraits.
Life
Deseine trained in several ateliers, notably with Augustin Pajou, whose portrait bust he exhibited at the Salon of 1785. He won a first prize from the Académie, which sent him to study further in Rome (1781–84).
At the Salon of 1789, he showed a portrait head of Belisarius.
In 1814 he published a history of the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture, of which he had been a member. He described himself in 1814 as a member of the academies of Copenhagen and of Bordeaux, and as holding the post of first sculptor to the prince de Condé, for whom he had executed statues in the 1780s for the dining room at Chantilly, where some drawings and maquettes are preserved.
His elder brother, the little-known sculptor Claude-André Deseine (1740–1823) was a deaf-mute, whose Republican sensibilities and the exaggerated character of his portrait studies has encouraged Michael Levey see him as a contrast to his brother.
Works
Portrait bust of Augustin Pajou (1785), terracotta, Paris, musée du Louvre
Portrait bust of Claude-Pierre-Louis Durand at the age of four (1788), plaster, Paris, musée du Louvre
Portrait bust of Louis XVI (1790), marble, Versailles
Portrait bust of Louis XVII (1790), marble, Versailles
Mucius Scaevola (1791), marble, Paris, musée du Louvre. This was his morceau de reception when he became an Academician
Portrait bust of Robespierre, (1792) terracotta, Musée de la Révolution française, Château de Vizille.
Portrait bust of Charles VIII (1799), terracotta, Paris, école nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts
Portrait d'Abélard (1801), plaster bust in a stone medallion, Paris, École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts
Portrait bust of Pope Pius VII (1805, shown at the Salon of 1806), plaster, tinted to resemble terracotta, Rueil-Malmaison, château de Malmaison
Portrait bust of Pierre-Nicolas de Fontenay, sénateur (1743–1806) (1807), marble, Versailles
Portrait bust of the duc de Luynes, pair de France, plaster, (1808, signed) sold, Château de Belle Eglise, 5 June 2006, lot 306
Portrait bust of Jean-Baptiste Bessières, duc d'Istrie, maréchal de France (1813), plaster patinated bronze, île d'Aix, musées de l'île d'Aix
Portrait bust of Louis-Antoine-Henri de Bourbon, duc d'Enghien (1817), plaster, Chantilly, musée Condé. The monument was finished after his death by his nephew.
Portrait bust of Louis XVIII, (1817), Chantilly, musée Condé
Maquette for the monument of the duc d'Enghien at Vincennes (1817), plaster over wood, Chantilly, musée Condé
Maquette for the monument of the Cardinal de Belloy, plaster, (c 1819) musée du Louvre. The monument to Cardinal de Belloy was erected in Notre-Dame de Paris, 1819
Not dated
Two Nymphs supporting a putto, terracotta, inscribed, sold Sotheby's Arcade, 22 July 1993, lot 292
Terracotta maquette, Virgin and Child (sold Bonham's London, 9 May 1996, lot 7
The Entry at Vienna, bas-relief on the Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel, Paris
Portrait bust of Jean-Joachim Winckelmann, tinted plaster, musée de Versailles,
Comte Jean-Étienne-Marie Portalis, over lifesize statue, marble, Versailles
Drawings
Drawings by Deseine are at the musée du Louvre ("Étude d'un homme debout avec une draperie sur l'épaule") and the musée Condé, Chantilly ("Le Déluge", "Deux Romains saluant un empereur assis" and "Lars Porsenna"); the musée Condé also conserves two projects for the monument to the duc d'Enghien.
References
Sources
Emmanuel Schwartz, Les Sculptures de l'École des Beaux-Arts de Paris. Histoire, doctrines, catalogue, (École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, Paris) 2003.
External links
Prix de Rome for sculpture
18th-century French sculptors
French male sculptors
19th-century French sculptors
1749 births
1822 deaths
Artists from Paris
19th-century French male artists
North County Christian School is a private Christian school in Florissant, Missouri, USA. Established in 1962 with a kindergarten class of 12 students, NCCS has grown to a school of 540 preschool, elementary, middle and high school students. NCCS currently has over 400 families enrolled representing over 130 churches and 5 school districts.
With the acquisition of the New Campus, located at 845 Dunn Road in Florissant, in July 2004 the school has moved its entire operations for preschool to grade 12 to the New Campus. The campus features a preschool / elementary education building with 28 classrooms. A secondary education building with 21 classrooms including three science labs, a video production room, a drama classroom complete with performance stage. The elementary and secondary buildings are linked by a common fine arts and library building that features a spacious library, a computer instruction lab, an art room, band room, choir room and private practice rooms. The campus also includes a full size gymnasium, a large cafeteria, a prayer chapel, and an administrative building. Outdoors, NCCS has two playgrounds, a softball field a lighted athletic field complete with stadium seating for 500.
North County Christian School is registered with the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education in Jefferson City. The school is a member of the Association of Christian Schools International, the Nazarene International Educators Association and the National Institute for Learning Disabilities.
On February 23, 2010, North County Christian School is accredited through the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI) for the secondary grades 7-12. North County Christian School will now begin the process for completing the necessary requirements for accreditation of its K-6 educational program.
NCCS's association with these organizations offers opportunities for student activities and teacher development.
Admission policy
North County Christian School admits students of any race, color, national or ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to the students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national or ethnic origin, in administration of its educational policies, admission policies, financial aid programs, athletic or other school-administered programs.
Admittance is contingent upon a satisfactory record (both behaviorally and academically), satisfactory results on our entrance examination, and parental assurance that they and the student share the same goals and objectives of the school.
Academics
Accreditation
North County Christian School is member of Association of Christian Schools International and completed the three-year accreditation process in the spring of 2010. North County Christian School is recognized by the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. Graduates from North County Christian School have been accepted at all State of Missouri Universities and Colleges and at numerous colleges and universities across the United States.
Faculty
The faculty is 38 full-time teachers with 30 Bachelors degree and 7 Master's Degrees.
Teaching experience by years:
0-5 36%
6-15 40%
16+ 24%
Athletics
North County Christian School is a member of the Twin Rivers Christian Activities Association and the Missouri Christian School Athletic Association.
Girls' sports
Fall sports
Varsity Volleyball
Jr. Varsity Volleyball<b
Winter sports
Varsity Basketball
Varsity Cheerleading
Jr. High Basketball
Jr. High Cheerleading
Spring sports
Girls Soccer
Track
Boys' sports
Fall sports
Varsity Soccer
Winter sports
Varsity Basketball
Jr. Varsity Basketball
Jr. High Basketball
Spring sports
Varsity Baseball
Varsity Track
External links
North County Christian School's Website
References
Christian schools in Missouri
High schools in St. Louis County, Missouri
Private schools in St. Louis County, Missouri
Educational institutions established in 1962
Private high schools in Missouri
Private middle schools in Missouri
Private elementary schools in Missouri
1962 establishments in Missouri
Buildings and structures in St. Louis County, Missouri
Raintree County is a 1957 American epic historical romance film adapted from the 1948 novel by Ross Lockridge Jr. The film was directed by Edward Dmytryk and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Set in the American South against the backdrop of the Antebellum South and the American Civil War, the film tells the story of a small-town Midwestern teacher and poet named John Shawnessy, who meets and marries a beautiful Southern belle named Susanna Drake; however, her emotional instability leads to the destruction of their marriage. The leading roles are played by Montgomery Clift, Elizabeth Taylor, Eva Marie Saint, and Lee Marvin.
In July 1947, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer had purchased the film rights of Ross Lockridge Jr.'s unpublished manuscript for Raintree County for $150,000. Carey Wilson was immediately signed as producer, and prominent actors were considered for leading roles. In January 1948, the book was released and became a national bestseller. In the following year, filming was delayed for two years as the project had grown too expensive. In 1955, the project was revived with Taylor and Clift signed for the two leading roles. Filming began in April 1956 and wrapped in October 1956. It would also mark the first use of a 65-millimeter widescreen process originally called MGM Camera 65.
Raintree County had its world premiere at the Brown Theatre in Louisville, Kentucky on October 2, 1957. In December 1957, the film was given a wide release in the United States, where it received negative reviews from film critics, who praised the production values and the performances of Clift and Taylor, but were critical of the film's plot. The film was nominated for four Academy Awards for Best Actress (Taylor), Art Direction–Set Decoration, Best Costume Design, and Best Score.
Plot
In 1859, idealist John Wickliff Shawnessey (Montgomery Clift) is living in Raintree County, Indiana. He's fascinated by the legend of the county's magnificent raintree, and at one point he ventures into the large, dangerous swamp where he believes it can be found. His quest is unsuccessful, and he almost dies in the effort.
Shawnessey has a high school sweetheart, Nell Gaither (Eva Marie Saint), but he's soon distracted by Susanna Drake (Elizabeth Taylor), a rich New Orleans girl. He has a brief and passionate affair with Susanna while she is visiting his community. Following her return to the South, she comes back to Indiana to tell Shawnessey that she is pregnant with his child. John marries her out of honor and duty, leaving Nell heartbroken.
They travel south to visit Susanna's family. He learns that Susanna's mother went insane and died in a suspicious fire, along with Susanna's father and Henrietta, a slave implied to be the father's concubine. Susanna suspects that Henrietta may have been her biological mother. Gradually Susanna appears to be suffering from mental illness. She tells John that she faked pregnancy to trick him into marriage.
An abolitionist in the South, Shawnessey does not fit in with Susanna's family, and they return to Raintree County before the outbreak of the Civil War. John works as a teacher and they have a child, Jimmy, born at the outbreak of the war. In the war's third year, Susanna develops severe paranoia and delusions. She flees Indiana with Jimmy and seeks refuge among her extended family in Georgia.
Shawnessey is determined to find her and recover his son. He enlists in the Union Army in hopes of encountering his wife and child. After fighting in terrible battles, he finds Jimmy at an old plantation and learns that Susanna has been placed in an insane asylum. He is wounded while carrying Jimmy back to Northern lines, and is discharged from the Union Army. Johnny searches for Susanna, finding her kept in terrible conditions at the asylum. He brings her back with him to Raintree County.
After the end of the war and President Abraham Lincoln's assassination, Shawnessey considers his future. Nell urges him to run for political office. Recognizing that Nell and John still love each other, Susanna sacrifices herself and deludedly enters the swamp in the middle of the night to find the legendary raintree. Four-year-old Jimmy follows her. The search party eventually finds her body. John and Nell find Jimmy alive and carry him out of the swamp. Focused on the child, the two fail to notice the tall, spectacular raintree glowing in the early morning sunlight.
Cast
Montgomery Clift as John Wickliff Shawnessey
Elizabeth Taylor as Susanna Drake
Eva Marie Saint as Nell Gaither
Nigel Patrick as Prof. Jerusalem Webster Stiles
Lee Marvin as Orville 'Flash' Perkins
Rod Taylor as Garwood B. Jones
Agnes Moorehead as Ellen Shawnessy
Walter Abel as T.D. Shawnessy
Jarma Lewis as Barbara Drake
Tom Drake as Bobby Drake
Rhys Williams as Ezra Gray
Russell Collins as Niles Foster
DeForest Kelley as Southern officer
Production
Development
On July 15, 1947, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer had awarded first-time author Ross Lockridge Jr. a $150,000 prize for his novel, Raintree County, which was to be published by Houghton Mifflin. Two days later, the studio had purchased the film rights for $150,000. With a preliminary budget of $6 million, screenwriter Carey Wilson had been signed as the producer. He stated he had Lana Turner, Ava Gardner, and Janet Leigh in mind for the female roles while Robert Walker and Keenan Wynn were being considered for the leading male roles. On the studio's shortlist, Van Heflin and Gene Kelly were also being considered. Less than a year later, in March 1948, Lockridge Jr. was found dead inside his garage. His death was ruled a suicide from carbon monoxide poisoning. It was also reported that he had been working with the studio on the film adaptation. However, in August 1949, Wilson wrote a letter addressed to Lockridge's widow that the project had been delayed for two years. He wrote, "The book, to be filmed as I want it filmed and as the quality of the writing demands it be filmed, will cost more than $6,000,000 and the situation today does not permit such an expenditure."
In August 1955, the project had been revived by MGM production head executive Dore Schary with David Lewis being hired as producer. Elizabeth Taylor had been cast as Susannah Drake and Millard Kaufman was hired to write the script. In December of the same year, Montgomery Clift had signed a three-picture deal with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer with Raintree County to be filmed first. By January 1956, Eva Marie Saint had been offered $100,000 to co-star in Raintree County. Rod Taylor actively campaigned for his role in the film.
Filming
Raintree County was shot at various locations, including Dunleith and Elms Court
antebellum mansions, Windsor Ruins, in Natchez, Mississippi; Reelfoot Lake in northwest Tennessee near the Kentucky border; and two locations in Kentucky, the Liberty Hall Historic Site on Wilkinson Street in Frankfort and settings in and near Danville. The Reelfoot Lake locations were used for the swamp scenes.
During filming, Montgomery Clift was injured and nearly killed in a serious automobile accident. On the evening of May 12, 1956, feeling tired and suffering from a hangover, he drove into a telephone pole and wrecked his car. He broke his nose, cut his lip, and fractured his jaw in three places, which had to be wired back together by surgery. As a result, the studio announced that production had been shut down for two to three weeks. At the time, the filming crew had moved to do two months of location shooting throughout most of the Deep South. A week later, after Clift had been discharged from the hospital, filming was further delayed until early July as the studio believed he (Clift) would be able to return to work within three weeks. Although he spent weeks in surgery and recovery, he returned to finish the film. The physical damage to his face was apparent in several scenes filmed after the accident; the left side of his face was partially paralyzed. His performance in the scenes shot after the accident was also markedly different from those shot before; he began to drink heavily and take a concoction of drugs which made his face more haggard and gave his eyes a furtive look, and affected his attitude and posture.
Edward Dmytryk later revealed in his autobiography It's a Hell of a Life but Not a Bad Living that he found "a hundred containers" of every kind of drug and "a beautiful leather case fitted with needles and syringes" in Clift's hotel room and once found him so drunk that his cigarette had burned itself out between his fingers. During filming in Danville, Clift's behavior grew increasingly erratic and bizarre, ordering his steak "blue-rare" (nearly uncooked) and adding masses of butter and pepper and eating it with his fingers, and running naked through the town, which resulted in a policeman being stationed outside his hotel room door to prevent him leaving during the night.
Elizabeth Taylor also had problems during the production with her period clothing, and on one occasion she collapsed from hyperventilation and was treated with Clift's bottle of Demerol and a syringe, delivered by the doctor. She took over a week to also recover from tachycardia following the incident. On set she was often late for filming and preoccupied with her romance with Mike Todd, who hired a commercial airliner to personally deliver some expensive presents to her in Danville.
Raintree County was the first film shot in a 65-millimeter anamorphic widescreen process originally called MGM Camera 65, later renamed Ultra Panavision 70, which yielded an extra-wide image of 2.76:1; it was also used for MGM's 1959 version of Ben Hur. Although MGM expected to release the film in 70mm, the studio ultimately opted not to as the only projectors at the time were being used to screen Mike Todd's Around the World in 80 Days. Due to the major delays in filming due to the issues with Clift and Taylor and the extravagant sets, the film was the most expensive US-based film in MGM's history, and Dmytryk never directed for MGM again. Though a success at the box office, it did not recoup its cost.
Release
On January 24, 1957, Dmytryk, Lewis, Joseph Vogel, and numerous studio executives drove out to Santa Barbara, California to preview the film at the Granada Theater. The film ran for three hours and six minutes, and it had reportedly received a favorable response from an audience of 1,100 spectators. However, by March 1957, following numerous previews, MGM announced that reshoots would begin that same month so "that certain dramatic points will be emphasized by re-shooting in close-up and that extra footage will be added to achieve smoother transitions in the sprawling drama."
About 5,000 attendees arrived in Louisville, Kentucky for the film's world premiere at the Brown Theatre on October 2, 1957. It was the climax of two days of festivities which included a parade of limousines featuring stars from the film, receptions, and a costume ball held at the Freedom Hall Coliseum. The next month, it was reported that fifteen minutes would be cut from the film for its general release. For the film's wide release, Panavision president Robert Gottschalk stated Raintree County would be released in certain theaters on large-format 70mm film prints for roadshow theatrical engagements and on standard 35mm film prints.
Reception
Critical reaction
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times wrote "It has a beautiful, costly production that is projected onto the screen in a sharp photographic process called Camera 65. It has a fancy cast of performers, headed by Elizabeth Taylor, Montgomery Clift, Eva Marie Saint and Nigel Patrick. And it has a busy musical score by Johnny Green. But Millard Kaufman's screenplay is a formless amoeba of a thing, and therein lies the fatal weakness of this costly, ambitious film." Harrison's Reports felt "The picture is, in fact, so verbose that one loses its drift of the story unless he pays close attention to the dialogue. One of the shortcomings in the story is the fact that the motivations of some of the characters, particularly the hero, are not too clear, making for a vagueness that diminishes its dramatic impact...The acting of the entire cast is first-rate, and there are numerous scenes that are most effective dramatically, but on the whole the story falls short of the production's impressive visual beauty." Similarly, Variety described the film as "a big picture in terms of pictorial size but the story doesn't always match the scope of the production. Chief story fault lies in its vagueness—the not truly specified motivations of the principals and in the conflicts involved in Clift's search for happiness alternately with Miss Saint and Miss Taylor."
Among contemporary reviews, Geoff Andrew of Time Out called the film an "elephantine bore". On the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 10% based on 10 reviews with an average rating of 5.20/10.
Box office
According to MGM records, the film earned $5,830,000 in North America and $3,250,000 internationally. Because of its high cost, the movie recorded a loss of $484,000.
Awards and honors
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
2002: AFI's 100 Years...100 Passions – Nominated
2005: AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores – Nominated
See also
List of American films of 1957
References
External links
1950s historical drama films
American historical drama films
1957 films
Films directed by Edward Dmytryk
Films scored by Johnny Green
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1950s English-language films
Films set in the 19th century
American Civil War films
Films shot in Kentucky
Films shot in Mississippi
Danville, Kentucky
Frankfort, Kentucky
Films set in Indiana
Southern Gothic films
1950s American films
A Dot Com Mom (Marathi: "अ डॉट कॉम मॉम") is a 2016 Marathi language Family Drama film. It is directed by Dr. Meena Nerurkar, who also stars in the film with Vikram Gokhale, Vijay Chavan, Apurva Bhalerao, and Sai Gundewar. The movie was released in India in September 2016.
The movie is the first Marathi film to be filmed in the United States.
Synopsis
Sulbhatai, a struggling, middle-class mother from a small town in Maharashtra, India, works hard to raise her highly intelligent son, Sunil, who eventually moves to the United States and becomes a successful millionaire through his website. He invites his parents to visit him, but only his mother manages to come. Her son is excited and wants to show her around, but she cannot cope with the more modern culture of the United States. Sunil's wife, Seema, cannot bear her mother-in-law's presence in her house, so Sulbhatai decides to go back to India early. Months later, Sunil wants his mother to return to the United States. She is reluctant, but her husband insists that she return to help during Seema's labor. Having prepared for two months, Sulbhatai returns to the United States.
Starring
Vikram Gokhale
Dr. Meena Nerurkar as Sulba Chafekar
Vijay Chavan
Apurva Bhalerao
Sai Gundewar
Asha Shelar
Dipti Lele
Shriram Kolhatkar
Dr. Deven Gabale
Makarand Bhave
Manasi Karandikar
Seeyali Singh
Dawn Scott
Carrie Sullivan
Rafael E. Dieppa
Prashant Tapasvi
Sanyogita Apte
Crew
References
External links
2016 films
Indian drama films
2010s Marathi-language films
2016 drama films
Eburia charmata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae that is endemic to Brazil.
References
charmata
Beetles described in 1981
Endemic fauna of Brazil
Beetles of South America
Nemacerota taurina is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in Shaanxi, China.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
A Bloom in Vain and Other Songs () is the debut studio album by Dia Chakravarty, released on 22 August 2014.
Background
Dia Chakravarty, having studied law at the University of Oxford, chose songs of composers, who, except for Dwijendralal, studied law, including Tagore who eventually dropped out; and except for Rajanikanta, every one of them went to England for higher studies.
In August 2014, Chakravarty told New Age, "Music is my passion and runs through my blood. I love to sing Bangla songs of almost every genre."
Composition
The album consists of four pairs of tracks by a quartet of composers – Rabindranath Tagore, Atulprasad Sen, Dwijendralal Ray, and Rajanikanta Sen from the late 1800s to early 1900s. It was arranged by Prattyush Banerjee and recorded by Goutam Basu in Usha Uthup's music studio "Studio Vibrations" in Kolkata.
Release
The album was released by Laser Vision on 22 August 2014. at Sufia Kamal Auditorium at Bangladesh National Museum.
Critical response
Mosabber Rahman of Dhaka Tribune said of Chakravarty, "Her voice lacks pretension, and she has the sincerity of a schoolgirl preparing for the final exam."
Track listing
See also
Music of Bengal
References
External links
2014 albums
Bengali-language albums
Laser Vision albums
Dia Chakravarty albums
Adaptations of works by Rabindranath Tagore
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1930–31 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1930–31
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Södra 1930–31
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Denizyaka is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The wedding between Gustav II Adolf of Sweden and Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg took place at the Royal Castle on November 25, 1620.
The bridal train
The bridal entourage began its journey at 9.30 in the morning on November 25. In the bridal carriage was Maria Eleonora who just turned 21, and her mother Duchess Anna of Prussia. The bridal train started at Bergshamra outside of Stockholm, and in it was the bride's sister and aunt, eight maids, seven junkers and many carriages, amongst others. The train was greeted by Gustav II Adolf's impressive entourage when they reached Stockholm. The king himself came up to the bride's carriage together with Axel Oxenstierna to greet her. The bridal train continued to The Royal Castle, where the king's mother Christina of Holstein-Gottorp and the old dowager queen Catherine Stenbock met them.
The wedding
In the afternoon on November 25 the bride and the groom were brought in a procession to the hall of state at the Royal Castle. First came the marshal Svante Banér and six timpanists. After them came a long line of noblemen, privy councils and more timpanists. Then came the bridal couple, followed by their mothers.
Archbishop Petrus Kenicius officiated the wedding in Swedish. After that, the couple were taken to their nuptials in a red gold-embroidered velvet bed. There the bridal couple got to eat confectionery, listen to speeches and drink wine. The hall of state was converted and made up for the wedding dinner. The festivities were ended, as they should, with the newly weds dance.
Maria Eleonora was crowned three days later in Storkyrkan in Stockholm. The festivities continued the days after the wedding and the coronation, for instance with a wedding tournament.
Gallery
References
Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden
Swedish royal weddings
House of Hohenzollern
House of Vasa
1620 in Sweden
Royal weddings in the 17th century
Brackett House may refer to:
in the United States (by state then city)
Lyman M. Brackett House, Rochester, Indiana, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Fulton County
Daniel Brackett House, Upton, Kentucky, listed on the NRHP in Hardin County
Brackett House (Newton, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP
Brackett House (Reading, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP
S. E. Brackett House, Somerville, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP
Edward A. Brackett House, Winchester, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP
Brackett House (Dublin, New Hampshire), listed on the NRHP in Cheshire County
Corliss-Brackett House, Providence, Rhode Island, listed on the NRHP
E. William Brackett House, Yakima, Washington, listed on the NRHP in Yakima County
Raymond Durand (born 8 July 1952 in Gap, Hautes-Alpes) is a French rally driver. He won the FIA Alternative Energies Cup drivers' title with Toyota in 2009 (finishing first in the Rally of Montecarlo and in the Ecorally San Marino – Città del Vaticano) and in 2010 (when he won in Zolder and Reykjavík).
References
See also
FIA Alternative Energies Cup
Massimo Liverani
Guido Guerrini (traveler)
FIA E-Rally Regularity Cup drivers
Living people
French rally drivers
1952 births
la Repubblica (; the Republic) is an Italian daily general-interest newspaper. It was founded in 1976 in Rome by Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso (now known as GEDI Gruppo Editoriale) and led by Eugenio Scalfari, Carlo Caracciolo and Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. Born as a leftist newspaper, it has since moderated to a milder centre-left political stance, and moved further to the centre after the appointment of Maurizio Molinari as editor.
History
Foundation
la Repubblica was founded by Eugenio Scalfari, previously director of the weekly magazine L'Espresso.
The publisher Carlo Caracciolo and Mondadori had invested 2.3 billion lire (half each) and a break-even point was calculated at 150,000 copies. Scalfari invited a few trusted colleagues: Gianni Rocca, then Giorgio Bocca, Sandro Viola, Mario Pirani, Miriam Mafai, Barbara Spinelli, Natalia Aspesi and Giuseppe Turani. The cartoons were the prerogative of Giorgio Forattini until 1999.
Early years
The newspaper first went on sale on 14 January 1976. It was presented as the first Italian tabloid with some sections such as sports and business intentionally left out. When it was founded, it was intended to be a "second newspaper", with only major news at the national level, to an audience that has already read a local newspaper. It was composed of 20 pages and was published from Tuesday to Sunday. The paper defined itself as a "giornale-partito" (meaning "newspaper-party") in its initial stage.
During the first two years, it built up a core-audience identified as members of the centre-left and the Italian Communist Party (PCI). In 1977, Scalfari decided to cater to the university student movement, so la Repubblica began its expansion. The strength of the newspaper lay particularly in the editorial comments section, which was always incisive and thought-provoking. In the meantime, Giampaolo Pansa from Corriere della Sera became Deputy Director, alongside Rocca and Pirani.
In early 1978, average sales amounted to 114,000 copies. During the 55 days of the Moro kidnapping, la Repubblica backed the policy of hardline non-negotiation while reporting on the pro-negotiation approach led by Bettino Craxi of the Italian Socialist Party (or PSI). The paper's stance proved popular and, by the end of the year, daily sales reached 140,000 copies. In 1979, with an average print run of 180,000 copies, it achieved a break-even point. The size of the newspaper increased with page count growing from 20 to 24. The newspaper decided to cover sports for the first time and veteran reporter Gianni Brera was added. From 1979 to 1994, Professor Glauco Benigni was the International Media Editor further reaffirming the expansion and popularity of La Repubblica overseas, covering international Film Festivals and major events like U.S. Mission rocket launches.
In 1981, the Corriere della Sera was hit by a scandal when chief editor Franco Di Bella was outed as a member of the secret masonic lodge Propaganda Due, or P2. This allowed La Repubblica to win extra readers and recruit a number of prestigious commentators such as Enzo Biagi and Alberto Ronchey from Corriere. Aiming to gain top circulation in Italy, chief editor Scalfari launched new reader-friendly initiatives. There were now 40 pages, including news sections, entertainment and sport. The newspaper was pitched as an "omnibus newspaper" (a paper catering to all types of readers).
Politically, while the paper kept backing the progressive left, its approach to governmental parties changed: its traditional opposition to Bettino Craxi's line was coupled with overtures to Ciriaco De Mita, one of the leading figures of the left wing of the Christian Democrats[5]. This seemed to pay off as in 1985 la Repubblica sold an average of 372,940 copies, about 150,000 more than in 1981.
1986 marked the newspaper's tenth birthday. A special issue was released in celebration, Ten years 1976/1985 consisting of 10 files in coated paper, one per each year, with the re-issuing of many original articles. The launch was backed by a successful advertising campaign featuring a young university student seen purchasing la Repubblica. Ten years later, the same student is pictured as an adult. He's holding the same newspaper, but in the meantime he's worked his way up to an important managerial position in a large company. The same year saw the launch of weekly financial supplement, Affari & finanza, edited by Giuseppe Turani. la Repubblica continued the game of catch up with Corriere della Sera and on (December 1986,) they actually managed to overtake their rivals.
In 1987, la Repubblica launched a prize competition called Portfolio, a type of stock market-based lottery. Readers were encouraged to buy the newspaper daily in order to check share value. The prize turned out to cost more than the supplements earned, the latter increasing sales for one or two days a week only. la Repubblica expanded by almost 200,000 copies within three months, stretching to a total daily average of nearly 700,000 [7]. At that point, "la Repubblica became the best-selling Italian newspaper.
The 1988 circulation of the paper was 730,000 copies, making it the most read newspaper in Italy. At the end of the 1980s the paper reached a circulation of 800,000 copies.
The Corriere della Sera hit back with a free Saturday magazine and la Repubblica reciprocated with their own magazine, Venerdì, launched on 16 October 1987, the same day as Affari & Finanza. The via Solferino publishing group did not reclaim the top spot for two years.
"Segrate War" (Guerra di Segrate)
At the end of the 1980s, believing that a stronger financial support was needed for the growth of the group, Carlo Caracciolo and Eugenio Scalfari (main shareholders of the Espresso group) sold all their shares to Carlo De Benedetti.
Already a major shareholder of Mondadori, Benedetti took the Espresso group together with the Milan publisher, with the goal of becoming the main shareholder, buying the stock of Arnoldo Mondadori's heirs. Silvio Berlusconi prevented it, starting the so-called "Segrate War" (from the town of Segrate near Milan where the Mondadori main office is located). In 1991, after more than two years of legal and financial battles, the struggle was ended by the entrepreneur Giuseppe Ciarrapico on behalf of the prime minister of the time, Giulio Andreotti, who persuaded De Benedetti and Berlusconi to split the "Grande Mondadori". De Benedetti received la Repubblica, L'Espresso and some local newspapers; Berlusconi received Mondadori minus the newspapers. The controversial operation was the main point of a lawsuit in which Berlusconi was charged with corruption of legal proceedings. This lawsuit became famous as the "Lodo Mondadori" (the Mondadori Decision). A verdict on 3 October 2009 by the Causa Civile (Civil Court of Milan) pronounced that Berlusconi's Fininvest had to compensate the Carlo de Benedetti's CIR €750 million for financial losses due to "perdita di chance" (lost opportunities) from the Lodo Mondadori decision.
In the following years, new publishing projects were added. La Repubblica, which up to then was not published on Monday, bought Lunedì di Repubblica for 50 million lire. This was a satirical magazine, and first "real fake" newspaper, published by Vincenzo Sparagna, author of Frigidaire. The launch occurred on 10 January 1994: in this period the newspaper has an average circulation of 660,000 copies. 1995, besides being the year of the introduction of the supplements Musica! Rock & altro and Salute, was the year of a graphical change as colour was introduced on the first page and in advertisements.
In May 1996, after twenty years Eugenio Scalfari resigned as Editor-in-Chief, but remained an important contributor to the newspaper. He was succeeded by Ezio Mauro. The same year, the weekly women's supplement "D" (Donne) was launched.
la Repubblica after Scalfari
1996–1999
On 5 April 1996 the paper launched its website as a collaborative effort with Digital and Interbusiness (a unit of Telecom Italia), as an on-line trial version of the newspaper, created for the election of 21 April.
In August 1996, Mauro began a project Repubblica – lavori in corso (Repubblica – work in progress), with the objective of testing an on-line edition. The project was coordinated by Vittorio Zambardino, Gualtiero Pierce and Ernesto Assante, with technical direction by Alessandro Canepa.
On 14 January 1997 the online version of the newspaper Repubblica.it was launched. It became the main Italian information website with over 10.6 million users in October 2007. In 2010 it was the tenth most visited website in the country being ahead of Google, Yahoo!, Facebook, YouTube and MSN.
2000–2007
In 2004, through a gradual process, the newspaper introduced colour in every page. This decision forced the whole Italian newspaper market to adopt similar measures.
On 19 October 2007, the newspaper's graphics and layout were renovated. La Repubblica split in two newspapers: one dedicated to the news and the other (Called "R2") to analysis of current events.
Political position
The newspaper used to be regarded as on the moderate left wing of the political spectrum, with a very critical line towards the former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, especially criticizing his conflict of interest as both entrepreneur and politician. In August 2009, Berlusconi sued the newspaper after it published ten questions addressed to him (which he refused to answer). It also used to be known for its critical stand vis-à-vis the Catholic Church, but this position has drastically changed after the onset of the papacy of Pope Francis.
On 20 November 2007, the newspaper revealed wiretapping transcripts between certain RAI and Mediaset directors, aimed at modifying some parts of the TV scheduling of 2005 (regarding the death of the Pope and the regional elections of 2005).
Following the purchase of GEDI group by John Elkann, Carlo Verdelli was removed from his post as editor and replaced by Maurizio Molinari. Under his rule, la Repubblica sharply moved to the right, abandoning its previous centre-left stances. This prompted many important journalists like Gad Lerner, Enrico Deaglio and Pino Corrias to end his cooperation with la Republica. Carlo De Benedetti (former editor of the paper) also protested this decision and in 2020 announced the foundation of a new newspaper called Domani.
Supplements and features
Affari & Finanza;
Metropoli;
R7;
Viaggi (online only);
Il Venerdì di Repubblica;
Robinson;
D - la Repubblica delle donne;
L'Espresso;
Il Lavoro, formerly a Genoese socialist newspaper, nowadays a feature published only in the local Ligurian edition.
The newspaper has also published The New York Times International Weekly on Mondays since 2004. This English language supplement features articles selected from The New York Times and can be downloaded free of charge from La Repubblicas website.
Current editorial staff
Editors
1976 – 1996: Eugenio Scalfari
1996 – 2016: Ezio Mauro
2016 – 2019: Mario Calabresi
2019 – 2020: Carlo Verdelli
since 2020: Maurizio Molinari
Journalists
Natalia Aspesi
Emanuela Audisio
Corrado Augias
Glauco Benigni
Edmondo Berselli
Giorgio Bocca
Tito Boeri
Attilio Bolzoni
Carlo Bonini
Raimondo Bultrini
Mario Calabresi
Filippo Ceccarelli
Pietro Citati
Pino Corrias
Gianni Clerici
Leonardo Coen
Franco Cordero
Maurizio Crosetti
Giuseppe D'Avanzo
Concita De Gregorio
Ilvo Diamanti
Khaled Fouad Allam
Massimo Giannini
Renzo Guolo
Alessandra Longo
Gad Lerner
Miriam Mafai
Curzio Maltese
Daniele Mastrogiacomo
Francesco Merlo
Sebastiano Messina
Gianni Mura
Joaquín Navarro-Valls
Marino Niola
Piero Ottone
Alessandro Penati
Mario Perniola
Carlo Petrini
Mario Pirani
Franco Quadri
Adriano Prosperi
Federico Rampini
Guido Rampoldi
Massimo Riva
Stefano Rodotà
Gabriele Romagnoli
Paolo Rumiz
Roberto Saviano
Eugenio Scalfari
Aldo Schiavone
Michele Serra
Adriano Sofri
Luigi Spaventa
Alberto Statera
Marco Travaglio
Giuseppe Turani
Nadia Urbinati
Giovanni Valentini
Bernardo Valli
Sandro Viola
Vittorio Zucconi
Previous editorial staff
Alberto Arbasino
Gianni Brera
Mario Calabresi
Furio Colombo
Concita De Gregorio
Giorgio Dell'Arti
Paolo Filo della Torre
Mino Fuccillo
Enzo Golino
Paolo Guzzanti
Giampaolo Pansa
Gianni Rocca
Enzo Siciliano
Tiziano Terzani
Cartoonists
Francesco Tullio Altan
Massimo Bucchi
Ellekappa
Giorgio Forattini (until 1999)
Circulation
See also
Repubblica Radio TV
Media of Italy
References
External links
1976 establishments in Italy
Daily newspapers published in Italy
GEDI Gruppo Editoriale
Italian-language newspapers
Italian news websites
Newspapers published in Rome
Publications established in 1976
Socialist newspapers
Gholam Ghaus Z.
was a German citizen wrongly imprisoned for over four months in the Bagram Theater Internment Facility in Afghanistan.
According to Der Spiegel Gholam Z. is of Afghan background and was arrested when visiting Afghan relatives. According to Deutsche Welle he is from the German city of Wuppertal.
Der Spiegel reports that the 41-year-old Gholam Z. had taken early retirement, due to medical problems.
A second Der Spiegel report states that his Kabul relatives told him that, as a German citizen, he could shop in the supermarket in the American base in Kabul without any problems:
It reported that German security officials who investigated his background in Germany, and who interviewed him in Afghanistan, were satisfied that there was no evidence of any tie to terrorism. Nevertheless, the USA told German officials that he could not be released unless Germany provided assurances of measures that amounted to "round the clock surveillance".
Der Spiegel reported that the USA had been holding Gholam Ghaus Z. for approximately four months, and that his continued detention had been putting a strain on the relationship between Germany and the USA.
Der Spiegel compared his detention to that of Murat Kurnaz.
After talks with United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier stated:
On 2008-05-31, Der Spiegel reports that Gholam Ghaus Z. finally was released and brought to Germany.
See also
Murat Kurnaz
References
German extrajudicial prisoners of the United States
Bagram Theater Internment Facility detainees
Living people
People from Wuppertal
German people of Afghan descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Comic Relief Does Fame Academy, a spin-off of the original Fame Academy show where celebrities students sing as students of the Academy to help raise money for the charities supported by Comic Relief, returned for a second live airing on 26 February 2005. It was once again hosted by Patrick Kielty and Cat Deeley. During the Comic Relief show on 11 March (Red Nose Day), Edith Bowman was announced as the winner.
Contestants
Production and broadcasting
The production and broadcasting for the live shows took place at a new location - the former Lambeth College site between Tower Bridge and London City Hall on the south bank of the River Thames. The building had originally been home to St Olave's Grammar School between 1855 and 1967.
Format
The elimination mechanism was the same as the second series proper, however Park no longer had a casting vote in the event of the Judges' vote being tied, with the public vote resolving any deadlock.
Teachers
There were changes for this series. Strictly Come Dancing judge Craig Revel Horwood and opera star Lesley Garrett were brought in as judges. Singing coaches Carrie and David Grant were no longer on the judging panel, but were present during the live shows and were invited to give their views when necessary.
Guests
The five remaining students were given a masterclass courtesy of McFly, who released All About You as Comic Relief's official single that year.
Conflict
The series had its fair share of drama and conflict.
Kielty VS. Park
As with series two of the main show, host Patrick Kielty and headteacher Richard Park clashed continually throughout the series. While it was assumed by some that the arguments were staged to build up interest for the show, this appeared to be disproved when Richard Park was spotted making a rude hand gesture towards Patrick Kielty, as co-host Cat Deeley was attempting to introduce the next act. The BBC received over 400 complaints, although Kielty joked about the incident in a subsequent episode. A spokeswoman for the programme said: "Richard Park did not realise he was on camera at the time. It is a live show and tensions were running high but we are really sorry if any offence was caused." [1]
The feud between Kielty and Park spilled over into the press after the show had ended. Park claimed that Kielty's presenting skills had been "sub-standard" and speculated that he would never be seen on BBC screens again. Kielty was later announced as the host of ITV's Celebrity Love Island.
Craig Revel Horwood
Teachers Carrie and David were also involved in a feud with Craig Revel Horwood. Horwood regularly criticised the performances of the celebrities, particularly Debra Stephenson and Reggie Yates. In one episode of the show, Carrie accused Craig of trying to kill the spirits of the singers.
Results and elimination
Indicates the winning contestant
Indicates the contestant who was eliminated from the competition
Indicates the contestant who was the Grade A student for the week
Indicates a contestant who was safe, and was neither the Grade A student nor facing probation
Indicates a contestant who faced probation, but was saved by the public vote.
Indicates a contestant who faced probation, but was saved by their fellow students
Indicates a contestant who was unable to perform at the live show
Indicates a contestant who was not eliminated from the show, but had to withdraw due to illness
Indicates that the contestant had been eliminated from the show, and was no longer competing at the academy.
Notes:
Note 1: The eliminated students returned to vote.
Voting Controversy
There was also some speculation that the students were colluding with each other during the student vote to ensure 'close' results. The contestants asked the producers to be excused of the student vote, however the producers refused.
Because of this, many felt the students deliberately invoked a tie when there was only six left, so that the public would have the casting vote. To stop this happening in the semi-final, where a tie was also possible, ex-students also voted (making 11 votes in total, meaning no tie was possible. Therefore one student was put in the final by the public, another by the Judges and the third by the former and current students.
External links
References
British reality television series
2005 British television seasons
Comic Relief
Fame Academy
Joseph Séguy (1689 in Rodez – 25 March 1761) was a French clergyman.
A royal preacher, he wrote Panégyriques de saints, Sermons pour les principaux jours du carême, and a Nouvel essai de poésies sacrées, in which he made a French verse translation of Psalms and the songs of the Bible. He was elected to the Académie française in 1736.
External links
Académie française
1689 births
1761 deaths
People from Rodez
Translators from Hebrew
18th-century French writers
18th-century French male writers
Translators to French
Members of the Académie Française
18th-century French translators
Sinéad Millea (born in Kilkenny) is a former camogie player for Kilkenny, winner of an All-Star award in 2004 and two All Ireland medals. She was honoured by inclusion in the University of Limericks' Sports Hall of Fame in 2013.
Family background
Her father Joe was a member of the Kilkenny team that won the Liam MacCarthy Cup in 1969. Sinéad went to school at St Brigid's in Callan. Her sister is Tracey Millea.
Career
She played club camogie in Tipperary and Kilkenny, won three All-Ireland Minor titles with Kilkenny and helped her county to the Senior title in 1991 and 1994. She played on the University of Limerick team that won their first Ashbourne Cup in 1995.
Notable sporting achievements include; 2 Senior All-Irelands, 2 National Leagues, 3 Minor All-Irelands, 1 Junior Colleges All-Ireland, 1 Senior Colleges All-Ireland, 1 Ashbourne Cup medal, 1 Ashbourne Shield medal, 7 Leinster Senior Championships, County Championship medals at all levels.
Honours
All Ireland Senior Camogie Championship (2)
1991, 1994
National Camogie League (2)
1993, 2008
All-Ireland Minor Camogie Championship (3)
1988, 1989, 1991
All Ireland Colleges Camogie Championship (2)
Junior 1990
Senior 1993
Ashbourne Cup (1)
1995
Leinster Senior Camogie Championship (7)
See also
Camogie All Stars Awards
All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship
National Camogie League
Ashbourne Cup
Wikipedia List of Camogie players
References
External links
Living people
Kilkenny camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
UL GAA camogie players
The 1992 Preakness Stakes was the 117th running of the Preakness Stakes thoroughbred horse race. The race took place on May 16, 1992, and was televised in the United States on the ABC television network. Pine Bluff, who was jockeyed by Chris McCarron, won the race by three quarters of a length over runner-up Alydeed. Approximate post time was 5:34 p.m. Eastern Time. The race was run over a fast good in a final time of 1:53-3/5. The Maryland Jockey Club reported total attendance of 96,865, this is recorded as second highest on the list of American thoroughbred racing top attended events for North America in 1992.
Payout
The 117th Preakness Stakes Payout Schedule
$2 Exacta: (4–12) paid $66.80
$2 Trifecta: (4–12–8) paid $519.30
The full chart
Winning Breeder: Loblolly Stable; (KY)
Final Time: 1:55 3/5
Track Condition: Good
Total Attendance: 96,865
See also
1992 Kentucky Derby
References
External links
1992
1992 in horse racing
1992 in American sports
1992 in sports in Maryland
Horse races in Maryland
East Tambaram is a neighborhood in Chennai, a city located on the east coast of South India. It is one of the main residential areas of the metropolitan region. It features the main shopping center, Poondi Bazaar, a large park and library. Many of the streets are named after writers and poets of India, including Kambar Street, Vyasar Street, Bharadwajar Street, Kalamegam Street, Manimegalai Street, and Thiruvalluvar Street and Alwars like Nammalwar Street, Kulasekara Alwar Street, Madhurakavi Alwar Street, Thirumangai Alwar Street, Periya alwar street and Andal Street.
East Tambaram has many schools that attract the children and young adults of Chennai. The local college is Madras Christian College.
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Hadas (Hebrew: הדס) is a Jewish name that may refer to the following notable people:
Given name
Hadas Gold (born 1988), American media and business reporter
Hadas Malada-Matzri (born 1984), Ethiopian Israeli doctor
Hadas Thier (born 1976), American activist, writer and journalist
Hadas Yaron (born 1990), Israeli actress
Surname
Eran Hadas, Israeli poet, software developer, new media artist and author
Ishay Hadas (born 1955), Israeli television producer, voice-over actor and activist
Moses Hadas (1900–1966), American teacher, classical scholar and translator
Rachel Hadas (born 1948), American poet, teacher and translator, daughter of Moses
Shmuel Hadas (1931–2010), Israeli diplomat
Yacov Hadas-Handelsman (born 1957), Israeli Ambassador to Hungary
See also
František Hadaš I (1917–1995), Czech archer
František Hadaš (born 1941), Czech archer
Hebrew-language surnames
Kaarle Pekkala (4 October 1919 – 18 June 2000) was a Finnish sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1919 births
2000 deaths
Finnish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Finland
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Vyborg
In psychology, a stimulus is any object or event that elicits a sensory or behavioral response in an organism. In this context, a distinction is made between the distal stimulus (the external, perceived object) and the proximal stimulus (the stimulation of sensory organs).
In perceptual psychology, a stimulus is an energy change (e.g., light or sound) which is registered by the senses (e.g., vision, hearing, taste, etc.) and constitutes the basis for perception.
In behavioral psychology (i.e., classical and operant conditioning), a stimulus constitutes the basis for behavior. The stimulus–response model emphasizes the relation between stimulus and behavior rather than an animal's internal processes (i.e., in the nervous system).
In experimental psychology, a stimulus is the event or object to which a response is measured. Thus, not everything that is presented to participants qualifies as stimulus. For example, a cross mark at the center of a screen is not said to be a stimulus, because it merely serves to center participants' gaze on the screen. Also, it is uncommon to refer to longer events (e.g. the Trier social stress test) as a stimulus, even if a response to such an event is measured.
History
The study of the stimulus in psychology began with experiments in the 18th century. In the second half of the 19th century, the term stimulus was coined in psychophysics by defining the field as the "scientific study of the relation between stimulus and sensation". This may have led James J. Gibson to conclude that "whatever could be controlled by an experimenter and applied to an observer could be thought of as a stimulus" in early psychological studies with humans, while around the same time, the term stimulus described anything eliciting a reflex in animal research.
In behavioral psychology
The stimulus concept was essential to behaviorism and behavioral theories of B. F. Skinner and Ivan Pavlov in particular. Within such a framework several kinds of stimuli have been distinguished.
In the theory of classical conditioning, unconditioned stimulus (US) is a stimulus that unconditionally triggers an unconditioned response (UR), while conditioned stimulus (CS) is an originally irrelevant stimulus that triggers a conditioned response (CR). Ivan Pavlov's dog experiment is a well-known experiment that illustrates these terms. The unconditioned stimulus is the dog's food that would naturally cause salivation, which is an unconditioned response. Pavlov then trained the dog by ringing the bell every time before food. The conditioned stimulus is the ringing bell after training, which causes salivation as a conditioned response.
Moreover, an eliciting stimulus was defined as a stimulus that precedes a certain behavior and thus causes a response. A discriminative stimulus in contrast increases the probability that a response will occur but does not necessarily elicit the response. A reinforcing stimulus usually denoted a stimulus delivered after the response has already occurred; in psychological experiments, it was often delivered on purpose to reinforce the behavior. Emotional stimuli were regarded as not eliciting a response; instead, they were thought to modify the strength or vigor with which a behavior is carried out.
See also
Sensory cue
Stimulation
References
Behavioral concepts
et:Stiimul
eo:Stimulo
ru:Раздражитель
DePuy Spring Creek is a three mile long trout fishery located between the Absaroka and Gallatin mountain ranges in Paradise Valley, south of Livingston, Montana. The creek is a small tributary of the Yellowstone River. This fishery supports a population of brown, Yellowstone cutthroat and rainbow trout.
References
Notes
Rivers of Montana
Rivers of Park County, Montana
Tributaries of the Yellowstone River
Tambukan Lake () is a lake with bitter-salt water on Northern Caucasus in Stavropol Krai (about 33% surface) and the Kabardino-Balkar Republic (about 66% surface) of Russia, located eight kilometers from Pyatigorsk. The lake's surface area is 1.87 square kilometers, and its depth ranges between 1.5 and 3.1 meters.
The lake bed is a thick layer of silt, which has been used since 1886 in institutions for mud cures in Yessentuki and other therapeutic mud baths in the region of Caucasian Mineral Water. These mud baths have been used by famous individuals such as Feodor Chaliapin, Anton Chekhov, and Leo Tolstoy.
Notable events
In 1395, the warlord Timur took a bath in Tambukan Lake.
In 1709, Kabardian prince Murzarbek Tambiev defeated the Crimean-Turkish army near this lake . The word Tambukan comes from Turkic words Tambu qanı and means Tambiev's blood or Tambiev's asylum.
In 1717, Peter The Great sent his physician Shober on expedition to Tambukan Lake to obtain medicinal water and mud.
The first scientific description of Tambukan Lake was by Guldenschtedt in 1773.
Lakes of Stavropol Krai
Lakes of Kabardino-Balkaria
Lakes of the Caucasus
Caspian Sea basin
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in McClain County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in McClain County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 5 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
McClain County
Buildings and structures in McClain County, Oklahoma
Her Nameless Child is a 1915 British silent drama film directed by A. V. Bramble, Fred Groves and M. Gray Murray. It was based on a play by Madge Duckworth.
Cast
A. V. Bramble - Lord Harry Woodville
Fred Groves - Arthur Ford
M. Gray Murray - Earl of Richborough
Elisabeth Risdon - Phyllis / Alice Ford
References
External links
1915 films
British silent feature films
1910s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
1915 romantic drama films
British romantic drama films
British black-and-white films
1910s British films
Silent romantic drama films
Vorlygino () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 21 as of 2002.
Geography
Vorlygino is located 2 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pyatovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The North-Urengoyskoye gas field is a natural gas field located in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. It was discovered in 1966 and developed by and Novatek. It began production in 1970 and produces natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves are around , and daily production was slated to be around in 2010.
References
natural gas fields in Russia
natural gas fields in the Soviet Union
Wilhelm Gustloff (30 January 1895 – 4 February 1936) was the founder of the Swiss NSDAP/AO (the Nazi Party organisation for German citizens living outside Germany) at Davos. He remained its leader from 1932 until he was assassinated in 1936.
Life and assassination
Gustloff (a son of merchant Herrmann Gustloff), who worked for the Swiss government as a meteorologist, joined the NSDAP in 1927. He assisted in the distribution of the antisemitic propaganda book The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, to the point that members of the Swiss Jewish community sued the book's distributor, the Swiss NSDAP/AO, for libel. Gustloff was shot and killed in Davos in 1936 by David Frankfurter, a Yugoslav Jewish student from what is now Croatia, incensed by the growth of the NSDAP.
Frankfurter surrendered immediately to the Swiss police, confessing "I fired the shots because I am a Jew". He was sentenced to 18 years imprisonment and spent the war in a Swiss prison. On May 17, 1945 — shortly after V-E Day — Frankfurter was pardoned by a Swiss court.
Aftermath
Gustloff was given a state funeral in his birthplace of Schwerin in Mecklenburg, with Adolf Hitler, Joseph Goebbels, Hermann Göring, Heinrich Himmler, Martin Bormann and Joachim von Ribbentrop in attendance. Thousands of Hitler Youth members lined the route. His coffin, transported on a special train from Davos to Schwerin, made stops in Stuttgart, Würzburg, Erfurt, Halle, Magdeburg and Wittenberg. Gustloff's widow, mother and brother attended the funeral and received personal condolences from Hitler. Ernst Wilhelm Bohle was the first at Gustloff's funeral to recite a few lines in his honour.
Gustloff was proclaimed a Blutzeuge of the Nazi cause and his murder became part of the propaganda that served as pretext for the 1938 Kristallnacht pogrom. His wife Hedwig, who had been Hitler's secretary, received from Hitler personally a monthly "honorary pay" of , the equivalent of some US$13,000 today.
Unlike the assassination of the German diplomat Ernst vom Rath by Herschel Grynszpan in Paris in 1938, Gustloff's death was not immediately politicized to incite Kristallnacht. Hitler did not want to risk any domestic bouts of antisemitism to cause Germany to lose the recently awarded right to host the 1936 Summer Olympics, since his antisemitic policies had already led to calls to relocate the games.
Namesakes
The German cruise ship MV Wilhelm Gustloff was named for Gustloff by the Nazi regime. The ship was sunk by the Soviet submarine S-13 in January 1945 in the Baltic Sea while carrying civilian refugees and military personnel from the advancing Red Army. About 9,400 lives were lost, the greatest death toll from the sinking of a single vessel in human history. The disaster remains relatively unknown.
In 1933 the Nazi Party created the Wilhelm-Gustloff-Stiftung ("The Wilhelm Gustloff Foundation"), a national corporation funded by properties and wealth confiscated from Jews. It ran the Gustloff Werke ("Gustloff Factories"), a group of businesses that had been confiscated from their Jewish owners or partners.
The small arms factory Berlin Suhler Waffen und Fahrzeugwerke was renamed Wilhelm Gustloff Werke in Gustloff's honour in 1939.
See also
Assassination in Davos, a 1975 Swiss feature film concerning the assassination.
Crabwalk – the assassination of Gustloff is an element of the plot of this 2002 novel, even though its main subject is the sinking of the passenger ship named in his memory.
Herbert Norkus
Horst Wessel
List of Nazis who died in the Beer Hall Putsch
References
Further reading
Peter Bollier, 4. Februar 1936: das Attentat auf Wilhelm Gustloff; in: Roland Aergerter (Hrsg.), Politische Attentate des 20. Jahrhunderts, Zürich, NZZ Verlag, 1999
Matthieu Gillabert, La propagande nazie en Suisse, L'affaire Gustloff 1936, Lausanne, Presses polytechniques et universitaires romandes, 2008
Emil Ludwig; Peter O. Chotjewitz; Helmut Kreuzer (Hrsg.), Der Mord in Davos, Herbstein, März, 1986
Roger Weston: Fatal Return, 2012. Novel linked to the history and sinking of the Wilhelm Gustloff.
External links
The "Reichskristallnacht" Pogrom of the 9/10 November 1938.
A Survey of Nazi and Pro-Nazi Groups in Switzerland: 1930-1945
1895 births
1936 deaths
Assassinated Nazis
Assassinated German politicians
Deaths by firearm in Switzerland
German conspiracy theorists
German expatriates in Switzerland
German people murdered abroad
Nazi Party members
Protocols of the Elders of Zion
People from Schwerin
People from the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
People murdered in Switzerland
Swiss Nazis
1936 crimes in Switzerland
1930s murders in Switzerland
Wąsy-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Ryan Duffy may refer to:
Ryan Duffy (cricketer) (born 1991), New Zealand cricketer
Ryan Duffy (journalist), American journalist with Vice Media
F. Ryan Duffy (1888–1979), Wisconsin jurist and politician
Jack Bloomfield (20 November 1899 – 1961) was an English light heavyweight professional boxer, whose birth name was Sol Blumenfeld, and who was also known as "Basking" Jack Bloomfield during his career. He took part in the first ever boxing event to be held at Wembley Stadium. He lived in Islington, London.
Career
At middleweight
Bloomfield's first professional fight was at middleweight, against fellow Londoner Joe Gannon in Finsbury, London, on 12 March 1918, and he won this by a knockout in the first round.
He entered his first competition on 9 September 1918, when he fought 3 three-round bouts in one day, beating a Sergeant Braddock in the final of the Inter-Allied Middleweight Competition.
In his next tournament, the SBA King's Trophy Middleweight Competition, held on 11 December 1918 at the Royal Albert Hall, he lost on points in the final, again over 3 rounds, to Billy Fullerton.
Staying at middleweight, Bloomfield won his next three fights, which took place between March and June 1919, before suffering a "no contest" decision in the 8th round against Eddie Feathers on 28 July 1919. He was back to winning ways in his last three fights of 1919, and all by technical knockout.
On 23 April 1920, he fought his first bout in the USA, defeating Walter McGirr in a 6-round contest in Jersey City, New Jersey. During the rest of the year, Bloomfield fought six more US and Canadian fighters, winning four, losing one and drawing one. Returning to London in 1921, he won two more fights during February, before challenging the vastly experienced Ted "Kid" Lewis for the vacant British Middleweight Championship at Holland Park Rink in London on 27 June. This was fought over a mammoth 20 rounds, and Bloomfield lost on points. In December, he eased his way back with a 3rd-round knockout win against a Services boxer in Hoxton, London.
At light-heavyweight and heavyweight
From the beginning of 1922, Bloomfield moved up to the heavyweight division for one fight (which he won), before switching to his eventual weight of choice, light heavyweight, to fight one winning bout prior to his next attempt at a championship belt. This was the BBBofC title vacated by Noel "Boy" McCormick, and Bloomfield was matched with Harry Drake in a 20-round contest in London on 1 May 1922. Drake lost this on a technical decision in the 9th round, to give Bloomfield his first ever universally recognised championship.
Twice defending the title successfully that year, against Albert "Kid" Lloyd and "Bombardier" Billy Wells (both by 6th-round knockouts), he then challenged John "Soldier Jones" Beaudin of Canada for the British Empire Light Heavyweight Championship at the National Sporting Club in London on 26 March 1923, winning by a technical knockout in the 5th round, to add another belt to his collection.
He successfully defended the British Empire title in May of that year, when Northern Irishman Dave Magill quit in the thirteenth round of twenty at Olympia in London. However, for his next title attempt in November of that year, moving up a weight, he was to suffer an embarrassing defeat.
Challenging Frank Goddard for the vacant British Heavyweight Championship at the Royal Albert Hall, Bloomfield was disqualified in the second round for hitting Goddard while he was down.
First ever boxing match at Wembley
After winning one more light heavyweight bout in May 1924, Bloomfield was chosen to take part in the first ever boxing match to be held at the recently built Wembley Stadium, against Tommy Gibbons of the United States in a non-title fight which took place during the British Empire Exhibition on 9 August 1924. This contest was also notable for causing the bankruptcy of Major Arnold Wilson from Preston, who had promoted the fight, but was met with severe financial demands from Gibbons. Bloomfield was knocked out in the 3rd round, and never fought again. He died in 1961.
See also
List of British light-heavyweight boxing champions
References
External links
, Bloomfield v. Gibbons, 1924: cached HTML version of a PDF file at SwanseaBattalion.net website
1899 births
1961 deaths
English male boxers
Light-heavyweight boxers
People from Islington (district)
Boxers from Greater London
The Big Brother () is a 1982 French crime drama film written and directed by Francis Girod and starring Gérard Depardieu.
The film was entered into the main competition at the 39th edition of the Venice Film Festival. For her performance Souad Amidou was nominated for Most Promising Actress at the 1983 César Awards.
Plot
Cast
Gérard Depardieu as Gérard Berger / Bernard Vigo
Souad Amidou as Zina
Hakim Ghanem as Ali
Jean Rochefort as Charles-Henri Rossi
Jacques Villeret as Inspector Coleau
Roger Planchon as Inspector Valin
Smaïn as Abdel
Jean-Michel Ribes as Client of Zina
Corinne Dacla as Gérard's lover
Christine Fersen as Jane
François Clavier as Castel
References
External links
1982 crime drama films
1982 films
Films directed by Francis Girod
French crime drama films
1980s French-language films
1980s French films
Johann Georg Adam Graf von Starhemberg, since 1765 Fürst von Starhemberg (prince of Starhemberg) (10 August 1724 in London – 19 April 1807 in Vienna) was an Austrian diplomat, minister, chief chamberlain and close confidant of Empress Maria Theresa.
Life
Georg Adam was born in London as the fifth son to the Imperial envoy Konrad Sigmund, Graf von Starhemberg (1689–1727) and his wife Leopoldine, née Princess von Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort. King George I became his godfather. He had two notable greatuncles. Gundaker Thomas von Starhemberg (1663–1745), a financial expert at the court in Vienna who played a key role in the education of Georg Adam and Count Ernst Rüdiger von Starhemberg (1638–1701), the military governor of Vienna and leading figure in the Battle of Vienna and the subsequent Great Turkish War from 1683 to 1699.
In 1727, when Georg Adam was three years of age, he experienced the loss of his father who died at the age of just 38 years. Georg Adam received his education in Vienna conducted under the auspices of his mother and his greatuncle, Austrian minister of finance Gundaker Thomas von Starhemberg. Subsequently he did his Grand Tour; in the company of a mentor he visited a number of capitals and courts in Europe.
In 1742, at the age of 18, Count Georg Adam von Starhemberg joined Austrian civil service. In 1748, he was appointed 'Aulic Councillor of the Empire' (Reichshofrat) and became chamberlain (Kammerherr) of Archduke Joseph, the eldest son of Empress Maria Theresa.
The following years he travelled as an envoy to Lisbon, Trieste, Madrid and Paris where he met Wenzel Anton, Prince of Kaunitz. Kaunitz was married to Countess Maria Ernestine von Starhemberg (1717–1749), a granddaughter of Georg Adam's great uncle and educator Gundaker Thomas Graf von Starhemberg.
In 1754 Count Georg Adam was sent to Paris as Imperial envoy and stayed there for the next twelve years. Along with Kaunitz he paved the way for a rapprochement between the Habsburgian rulers and France after a long-standing history of conflict. He tried to influence the French king primarily by Louis' chief mistress, the Marquise de Pompadour. The first meeting between the Austrian envoy and the marquise for this purpose took place on 30 August 1755.
In 1756 the Treaty of Versailles was concluded with his participation. In Paris, Starhemberg also successfully negotiated the marriage between the Habsburg Archduchess Maria Antonia and the Duke of Berry, the future king Louis XVI of France. In 1770 he accompanied the archduchess to the first encounter with her future husband.
The same year he was sent to Brussels as authorised minister (minister plenipotentiary) in the Austrian Netherlands, since his predecessor Count Karl von Cobenzl had died in January of that year.
One of the reasons that influenced the decision to send Starhemberg to Brussels was that Joseph II who had become co-ruler in 1765 had been disappointed by Starhemberg and now wanted to remove him from the vicinity of his mother, Empress Maria Theresa, in Vienna.
Starhemberg remained the next 13 years in Brussels where he successfully stimulated the development of the provinces in the Austrian Netherlands in spite of the fact that Joseph had limited his powers. During the American War of Independence Starhemberg tried to establish trade contacts with the emerging young nation.
Georg Adam, Prince of Starhemberg also managed to found the first academy of the Austrian Netherlands in Brussels in 1772 by converting Count Karl von Cobenzl's 'Literary Society' into the 'Imperial and Royal Academy of Science and Letters' of Brussels with the approval of the Empress Maria Theresa.
Starhemberg returned to Vienna in 1783.
Count Belgiojoso became his successor in Brussels as authorised minister in the Austrian Netherlands.
From 1783 until 1807 Starhemberg occupied the position as Grand Master of the Household (Obersthofmeister) at the Imperial court in Vienna. However, his duties in this function had a more representative character without significant political influence except the period after the death of Joseph II from 1790 until 1797.
In 1807 Starhemberg died at the age of 83.
Marriage and family
On 13 November 1747 he firstly married his cousin, Countess Maria Theresia Esther von Starhemberg (1731-1749), daughter of Count Ottokar Franz Jacob von Starhemberg (1681-1733) and Countess Maria Christine von Trautson-Falkenstein (1702-1743). She died however in October 1749 leaving behind a daughter Maria Leopodine who died in childhood in Paris in 1756.
In 1761 he married his second wife Princess Maria Franziska Josefa von Salm-Salm (1731-1806), daughter of Prince Nikolus Leopold vonn Salm-Salm (1701-1770) and his first wife Princess Dorothea Franziska Agnes von Salm (1702-1751). In the following year Maria Franziska gave birth to his son and heir Prince Ludwig von Starhemberg (1762–1833). Louis XV of France became godfather of this child. They had one more son Franz Josef (1767-1771), but he also died in childhood.
Distinctions
He was decorated with the title 'Ambassador to the Emperor' for his diplomatic achievements in the relationship with France.
In 1759 he became Knight in the Order of the Golden Fleece.
In 1765 Count Starhemberg was elevated from 'Graf' to 'Reichsfürst' (Prince of the Empire). From then on he held the title 'Fürst von Starhemberg' (Prince of Starhemberg).
In 1767 Prince of Starhemberg was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of St. Stephen.
See also
Starhemberg
Literature
A. Graf Thürheim (1889). Ludwig Fürst Starhemberg. Eine Lebensskizze. Verlagsbuchhandlung Styria, Graz
Hanns Schlitter (1893). ADB: Starhemberg, Georg Adam Fürst von. In: Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, herausgegeben von der Historischen Kommission bei der Bayerischen Akademie der Wissenschaften, Band 35, p. 471–473,
Franz A. J. Szabo (1994). Kaunitz and Enlightened Absolutism 1753-1780. Cambridge University Press
P. Lenders, « STARHEMBERG, Georg Adam von », in Nationaal Biografisch Woordenboek, deel II, Paleis der Academiën, Brussel, 1966, p. 806-814.
References
1724 births
1807 deaths
Austrian politicians
Austrian princes
Counts of Austria
Politicians from Vienna
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Grand Crosses of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary
Georg Adam von Starhemberg
40463 Frankkameny, provisional designation , is a carbonaceous background asteroid from the central region of the asteroid belt, approximately 4 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 15 September 1999, by Canadian amateur astronomer Gary Billings at Calgary Observatory in Alberta, Canada. The asteroid was named after American activist Frank Kameny.
Orbit and classification
Frankkameny is a non-family from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the central asteroid belt at a distance of 2.3–3.3 AU once every 4 years and 8 months (1,692 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.18 and an inclination of 2° with respect to the ecliptic. Frankkameny was first identified as by Spacewatch in 1997, extending the asteroid's observation arc by more than 2 years prior to its discovery observation.
Physical characteristics
Frankkameny has been characterized as a carbonaceous C-type asteroid by Pan-STARRS photometric survey.
Rotation period
It has a rotation period of 56.6 hours with a brightness variation of 0.51 magnitude, based on a lightcurve obtained in September 2013, from photometric observations made at the Palomar Transient Factory, California (). While not being a slow rotator, Frankkamenys period is far longer than average, and its brightness amplitude is indicative of a non-spheroidal shape.
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Frankkameny measures 3.9 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.075, while the Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for carbonaceous asteroids of 0.057 and calculates a diameter of 4.2 kilometers.
Naming
This minor planet was named in honour of American astronomer and gay rights activist Frank Kameny (1925–2011), by the Minor Planet Center and the International Astronomical Union on 3 July 2012. Frank Kameny was a Harvard-trained variable star astronomer. He died 11 October 2011. The approved naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 3 July 2012 ().
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (1)-(5000) – Minor Planet Center
040463
Discoveries by Gary W. Billings
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
19990915
Beira Lake (/bˈɐjɾɐ/; Sinhalese: බේරේ වැව, translit. Bērē væva; Tami: பேரே ஏரி, translit. Pērē ēri) is a lake in the centre of the city of Colombo in Sri Lanka. The lake is surrounded by many large businesses in the city. It initially occupied approximately of land 100 years ago and this has since been reduced to today due to various reasons. During the colonial era of the Portuguese, Dutch and the English the lake was used for a wide variety of purposes. It still retains its Portuguese name. It is connected to many intricate canals which provided an easy way of transporting goods within the city and suburban cities.
Etymology
The derivation of the name is uncertain, yet it was as recent as 1927 that 'Beira Lake' first appeared on maps. Before that, it was called the 'Colombo Lake' or just 'The Lake'. One idea is that it got its name from a Portuguese Engineer called 'Beira' who worked in constructing the lake or from a Dutch Engineer called 'De Beer'. The idea of De Beer is supported by a granite plaque which was recovered from the sluice of the lake, inscribed "De Beer 1700".
Other idea is that it got named from the word 'Beira', which in Portuguese meant the 'Bank or Edge of the Lake'. Another idea is that it got from 'De Beer', which in Portuguese meant the 'Anchoring Point'. It may have also been named after the Portuguese province of the same name.
History
The lake was built by the Portuguese to provide protection to Colombo from enemies, mainly local kings.
By 1518 Portuguese ruled over Colombo, but the increasing threats against Portuguese rule by King Vijayabahu VII and Sinhalese forces made them to look for better solutions other than their modern weaponry. One of such begun ideas was making of a huge moat around the fort.
The construction of the moat started by digging the marshy land which was around the fort in all direction other than west (west of fort was Indian Ocean). But these works were demotivated by the size of it and the small amount of water in the marsh which was not enough to fill a lake. But a stream which flowed between Mount of Dematagoda and Mount of St. Bastian was discovered in this situation by Portuguese Captain Lopo de Brito, while he was chasing away another invasion lead by King Vijayabahu VII. After informing the officials at the fort about this stream, it was connected to the moat they have dug, creating Beira Lake.
Then the lake has been completely connected with the sea from both sides, separating the Colombo Fort from mainland. All means of transportation between mainland and the fort have been done using boats. Original area of the lake has been . Primary outflows then have been the Kayman Gates to the east and St. John's Canal to west. It has been bordered from Mount of St. Bastian, Mount of Wolfendal and from Mount of Kochchikade. To the north and west of the lake have been the Portuguese forts. The nature of the lake then has been described in Conquista Temporale Espiritual de Ceylão (1687) by Fr. Fernão de Queyroz:"The lake around the City of Colombo is having a complete length of 10 miles. It which had the Mount of Lawrence was surrounded by a lagoon. In some places at summer time it was deep only to the waist, and was a lake which gave access to City of Colombo"In 1578, Mayadunne of the Kingdom of Sitawaka attempted to cut off supplies to the invaders but failed to drain the lake. His son Rajasingha I (a.k.a. Sithawaka Rajasinghe) succeeded in 1587 to drain the crocodile infested lake by cutting off several canals but failed to defeat the Portuguese as they brought reinforcements from India through sea.
After the Dutch laid siege and captured the lake it was expanded by reducing the fort by 1/3 of the previous and created several islands such as the Slave Island some of them were large enough to have a village and a plantation of 600 coconut trees. After the British took control they removed the crocodiles and developed the area surrounding the lake for recreational activities such as rowing and yachting. The area around the lake was popular for parties including a grand ball that was held to celebrate the news of British victory in Waterloo. Ceylon's first botanical garden the Kew Gardens was opened in Slave Island in 1810 to cultivate seedlings provided by the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew in London to be planted in Peradeniya Botanical Gardens.
By the 19th century land reclamation for development began and the land area of the lake was reduced, pollution also began to increase.
Basins and Canals Connected
Four main basins can be identified in the lake:
The only canal the lake connected to is St. Bastian Canal from its northeast end. From the northwest, it outflows to the Indian Ocean via Mc. Callum Gates and via a semicircular spillway to the west (commonly known as "බේරේ බේසම" translit. Bērē bēsama =Beira Basin).
Greater Beira
Lined with many large warehouses, reminiscent of its past when tea used to be transported to the port of Colombo on barges via the port access canal, the lake now is very quiet with many of the warehouses been abandoned.
With maximum length of 1 mile, the lake has been home to Colombo Rowing Club for over 140 years.
The Sri Lanka Exhibition and Convention Centre is located on the waterfront, further the People's Bank and the Inland Revenue Department headquarters are located in close to the lake.St. Joseph's college Colombo, the only school in Sri Lanka to have its very own Rowing pier is situated on the banks of the Beira lake. The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited is housed in the nearby "Lake House" building.
The lake with many government owned properties has been earmarked for development including a casino district on its McCullum road water front.
Flora and fauna
The lake is home to species of storks, pelicans, monitor lizards and various species of fish.
Pollution
The lake gets its famous green color and unusually bad odour due to the result of pollution over hundreds of years and algae that is present in the water. The bad smell is mostly prominent during dry weather, due to the high rates evaporation and it fades off with the arrival of the rainy season.
Water Quality
Water of Beira Lake is polluted, from which it gets a bad odour and green colour. But contray to the canal system of Colombo, the lake contains water with a very alkaline pH value got by primary production and continuous bloom. In August it gets its maximum value, but becomes more neutral from top to bottom, pH value decreasing from 10 to 8. Lake water never gets acidic pH.
Conductivity of the water retains fairly stable between 250 μS/cm and 300 μS/cm, with a slight increase from May to August.
Full temperature ranges between 29.3 and 35.4 °C. Average temperature is 31 °C and August is the warmest month. The temperature decreases rapidly 2 or 3 °C, from the surface to 60–100 cm in-depth and remains stable after that.
Dissolved Oxygen generally follows the same trend as temperature in August. Likewise the thermocline, an oxycline appears exclusively in August. Below 1 meter depth, DO is stable at 7 mg/L during May, June and July. Though it is decreased during August from 13 mg/L to 6 mg/L, shallow depth allows preserving a sufficient level of oxygen. But it would be more stressful during dry season.
Salinity is very stable (around 0.12 g/L) over time and along the water column.
Beira Lake Restoration
The Beira Lake plays a major role in the Western Region Megapolis Project. Under the project the Beira lake is expected to be cleaned and developed with Singaporean assistance and private sector involvement. Waterways will be cleared by blocking illegal water outlets and sewerage lines into the lake and relocating settlements that dump waste to the lake in the area to social housing units. Under the Megapolis plan after the restoration a Shopping district, an Entertainment district and a promenade will be created in the area around the Beira lake alongside many hotels and mixed development projects.
References
External links
Dutch Waterways in Sri Lanka
Geography of Colombo
Reservoirs in Sri Lanka
Bodies of water of Colombo District
Tourist attractions in Colombo
Lakes of Sri Lanka
Caulolatilus cyanops, the blackline tilefish or ocean whitefish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a tilefish belonging to the family Malacanthidae. It is found in the western Atlantic Ocean.
Description
Caulolatilus cyanops has a sturdy, quadrangular body with a relatively deep head which has a rounded profile. There is a fleshy ridge along the centreline of the body in front of the dorsal fin. The gill cover has a short blunt spine and serrations along its vertical margin. It has a body which varies in colour from violet to blue with a dark area on the back which is marked with many lines which form a lattice pattern, in addition there is a dark stripe along the back. The underparts are white. There is a yellow coloured ridge on the nape, silvery cheeks and an angled bluish-green bar which runs from the eye to the upper lip. The membranes of the spinous part of the dorsal fin are orange-yellow, there is a dark blotch above the vase of the pectoral fin while the caudal fin lobes are mainly yellow. They can reach a length of TL though most are around . The greatest recorded weight for this species is .
Distribution
Caulolatilus cyanops is native to the western Atlantic Ocean where they are found from North Carolina to the northern coast of South America. Their range extends into the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean.
Habitat and biology
Caulolatilus cyanops inhabits the seafloor in areas with muddy or sandy substrates at depths of from though they are usually found between . They prey on invertebrates and smaller fishes. They are usually recorded associating with C. microps and C. chrysops.
Systematics
Caulolatilus cyanops was first formally described in 1866 by the Cuban zoologist Felipe Poey (1799-1891) with the type locality given as Cuba. The specific name cyanops means blue-eye and refers to the stripe between the eye and mouth.
Utilisation
Caulolatilus cyanops is commercially important and is also sought after as a game fish. It is especially important asa quarry for commercial fisheries off Venezuela and Colombia.
References
cyanops
Fish described in 1866
When Ladies Meet may refer to:
When Ladies Meet (1932 play), by Rachel Crothers
When Ladies Meet (1933 film), an adaptation of the play
When Ladies Meet (1941 film), another adaptation
Izabelin B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Izabelin B
The Mortal Sin is a lost 1917 silent film drama directed by John H. Collins and distributed by Metro Pictures. Viola Dana, at the time Collins's wife, stars in the picture.
Cast
Viola Dana - Jane Anderson
Robert Walker - George Anderson
Augustus Phillips - Emmet Standish
Lady Thompson - Flora
Henry Leone - Jean Rambeau
Louis B. Foley - The Doctor
Ricca Allen - Landlady
References
External links
1917 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
1917 drama films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
Metro Pictures films
1917 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
Ruud Janssen (born 29 July 1959 in Tilburg) is a Dutch Fluxus and mail artist currently living in Breda in the Netherlands.
Life and Work
Janssen studied physics and mathematics before he became active with mail art in 1980, doing several international mail art projects. From 1994 till 2001 he has conducted interviews with Fluxus and mail artists. These interviews have been published in booklets and on the internet since 1996. In later years, Janssen focused on acrylic painting and individual correspondences.
Janssen was selected to publish an essay as one of eleven contemporary "New Fluxus" artists who are seen to 'inhabit the site of Fluxus, developing and interpreting the Fluxus tradition in a new way.' in a special double issue of the journal Visible Language on Fluxus.
In 1994, Janssen began a series of mail-interviews. He interviewed Fluxus and mail art personalities by using all the communication-forms that were available (fax, e-mail, envelope, personal meeting, telephone). The question traveled by one form and the answer could be sent back in another form. This concept resulted in a series of mail-interviews. These interviews were published in booklet-form and the complete texts are also available online. In 2008, a selection of the mail-interviews were published in book form.
In 1997 Janssen had a solo exhibition of his mail art work and interviews in Guy Bleus' E-Mail Art Archives (Provincial Center for Visual Arts, now Z33) in Hasselt, Belgium.
TAM-Publications
Janssen publishes articles, magazines and booklets with his TAM-Publications and participates in international mail art projects, collaborations and exhibitions.
International Union of Mail-Artists
He founded IUOMA (International Union of Mail-Artists) in 1988 and is also the curator of the TAM-Rubberstamp Archive, the result of a Mail Art collection that has been accumulated by him from 1983 till now. The archive contains art prints, original rubber stamps, magazines and literature.
Fluxus Heidelberg Center
In 2003 Janssen and Litsa Spathi founded the Fluxus Heidelberg Center for which they are building up a collection of Fluxus material and where they also publish their own works.
Publications
References
External links
Official site of Ruud Janssen, IUOMA and TAM-Publications
Fluxus Heidelberg Center website
1959 births
Living people
Fluxus
Dutch bloggers
People from Tilburg
The defence industry of Bangladesh is a strategically important sector and a large employer in Bangladesh.The Government of Bangladesh is actively seeking to upgrade its military and security capabilities and has allocated increasing amounts to its defense and security-related budget.
The Directorate General of Defense Procurement (DGDP) manages procurements for the Ministry of Defense and the various armed forces, including the Army, Navy, and Air Force. Tenders for security and defense equipment and services are frequently open only to international bidders. Low pricing remains an issue for U.S. bidders, especially for items that can be procured regionally. In 2002, China and Bangladesh signed a "Defence Cooperation Agreement" which covers military training and defence production.
Future modernization plans
Bangladesh has made a long term modernisation plan for its Armed Forces named Forces Goal 2030. The plan includes the modernization and expansion of all equipment and infrastructures and providing enhanced training.
Military budget
An amount of Tk348.42 billion ($4.4 billion) was proposed for the Defence Ministry in the national budget for outgoing fiscal year.
Bangladesh Army – $1.97 billion (৳16817 crore)
Bangladesh Navy – $742.78 million (৳6330 crore)
Bangladesh Air Force – $474.3 million (৳556.56 crore)
Major manufacturers
Bangabandhu Aeronautical Centre
Bangladesh Machine Tools Factory
Bangladesh Ordnance Factories
Chittagong Dry Dock Limited
Dockyard and Engineering Works Limited
Khulna Shipyard
References
Bangladesh
Military of Bangladesh
The Maharajas' Express is a luxury tourist train owned and operated by Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC). It serves four routes across North-West and Central India, mainly centered on Rajasthan between the months of October and April.
The Maharajas' Express was voted "The World's Leading Luxury Train" Seven times in a row at The World Travel Awards in 2012 through 2018. Maharajas' Express also received recognition from the Conde Nast Travelers Reader Choice Travel Award.
History
The luxury train service was started in March 2010. The IRCTC and Cox and Kings India Ltd. entered a joint venture, setting up Royale Indian Rail Tours Ltd. (RIRTL) to oversee the functioning and management of the Maharajas' Express. This arrangement was terminated on 12 August 2011, and the train was then operated exclusively by IRCTC.
Carriages
The train comprises 23 carriages which include accommodation, dining, bar, lounge, generator and store cars. Accommodation is available in 14 guest carriages with total passenger capacity of 84. The train also has a lounge called the Rajah Club with a private bar, two dining cars and a dedicated bar car. The train is also equipped with a water filtration plant. An on-board souvenir boutique offers tat for passengers.
Guest cabins
23 carriages with 14 individual cabins provide seating and sleeping capacity for 84 guests. There are 20 Deluxe Cabins, 18 Junior Suites, 4 Suites and a Presidential Suite. All suites have a full bath. The guest cabins are comparable to ones on cruise ships.
There are five carriages in the category of Deluxe Cabins, a total of 20 cabins accommodating 40 passengers. There are a total of 18 cabins in the category of Junior Suites, accommodating 36 passengers. Additionally, there are also four Suites. A Presidential suite occupies an entire rail carriage, incorporating a separate sitting-cum-dining room, a master bedroom and bathroom with shower and bathtub, a twin bedroom and bathroom with shower, similar to the private railroad cars that were used in the United States.
Dining and bar coaches
The train has two dining cars—named Rang Mahal and Mayur Mahal—designed for full fine dining service, served by a state-of-the-art kitchen car. Mayur Mahal (the Peacock restaurant) has peacock feather theme in its décor. The Rajah Club is a dedicated bar carriage. The Safari lounge and bar has a multilingual library.
Routes
IRCTC introduced five new itineraries in 2012, of which two are short-term Golden Triangle (Delhi, Jaipur and Agra) tours and the other three are week-long pan-Indian voyages:
In popular media
ITV correspondent Sir Trevor McDonald travel India by the Maharajas' Express in a 2019 documentary.
Featured in Episode 3 of Season 2 of the Discovery Channel Canada series Mighty Trains.
Gallery
See also
Fairy Queen
Palace on Wheels
Royal Orient
Deccan Odyssey
Mahaparinirvan Express
Golden Chariot
Royal Rajasthan on Wheels
References
External links
Luxury trains in India
Transport in Udaipur
Rail transport in Rajasthan
2010 establishments in India
Çeşmeköy is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Charles Richard Donnelly (11 September 1941 – 21 July 2016) was a Scottish footballer, broadcaster, and journalist.
Early and personal life
Donnelly was born in Lochee, Dundee and attended Harris Academy in the city.
He was married with one son, one daughter, and three grandchildren.
Career
After working as an apprentice at DC Thomson, Donnelly began his footballer, playing as a goalkeeper for Carnoustie Panmure, East Fife, Brechin City and Arbroath. He made 79 appearances for East Fife in the Scottish Football League, and 107 appearances in all competitions.
Donnelly began writing Sunday match reports for The Courier in the late 1960s, before becoming a full-time journalist with The People's Journal and the Scottish Sunday Express.
He also broadcast on the radio with Radio Tay and Radio Clyde.
References
1941 births
2016 deaths
Scottish footballers
Carnoustie Panmure F.C. players
East Fife F.C. players
Brechin City F.C. players
Arbroath F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Scottish journalists
Scottish broadcasters
Footballers from Dundee
People educated at Harris Academy
Journalists from Dundee
People from Lochee
North Elizabeth is a commuter railroad station in the city of Elizabeth, Union County, New Jersey, United States. Located at the North Avenue bridge crossing in Elizabeth, the station serves trains of NJ Transit's Northeast Corridor and North Jersey coastlines. The next station to the northeast is Newark Liberty International Airport station and to the southeast is downtown Elizabeth station. North Elizabeth station features two high-level platforms for handicap accessibility under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Service at this station is limited, but growing. As of November 8, 2020, there are 14 eastbound trains and 13 westbound trains serving the station on weekends.
History
The present station was opened by NJ Transit in February 1987, replacing a stop with low-level platforms.
Station layout
This station has two side platforms and four tracks. Each platform has a staircase at their northern ends going down to North Avenue, which crosses under the tracks, and another at their southern ends going up Hand Place, which crosses above the tracks. The station house and small parking lot are at the North Avenue end on the New York-bound platform. A larger parking lot is adjacent to the southbound platform.
References
External links
North Avenue entrance from Google Maps Street View
NJ Transit Rail Operations stations
Transportation in Elizabeth, New Jersey
Stations on the Northeast Corridor
Railway stations in Union County, New Jersey
Buildings and structures in Elizabeth, New Jersey
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1987
Acroclita posterovenata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brown cream, slightly mixed with grey dorsally. The suffusions, parts of some veins and longitudinal lines are brownish and the costal strigulae (fine streaks) are dirty cream. The hindwings are pale brownish and transparent, with suffused brown veins.
Etymology
The name refers to the dark, distinct venation of the posterior wings.
References
Moths described in 2009
Eucosmini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The 2010 Tour de Pologne was the 67th running of the Tour de Pologne, in the 82nd year since the first edition. The event was part of both the 2010 UCI ProTour and the World Calendar. It ran from 1 to 7 August and commenced in Sochaczew and finished in Kraków.
Teams
Twenty three teams have been invited to the 2010 Tour de Pologne.
Teams from the UCI Pro Tour
Teams awarded a wildcard invitation
Stages
Aside from entering the Czech Republic (to the city of Český Těšín on the border with Poland) during the fourth stage, the race stages started and ended in Polish locations.
Stage 1
1 August 2010 – Sochaczew to Warsaw,
Stage 2
2 August 2010 – Rawa Mazowiecka to Dąbrowa Górnicza,
Stage 3
3 August 2010 – Sosnowiec to Katowice,
Stage 4
4 August 2010 – Tychy to Cieszyn,
Stage 5
5 August 2010 – Jastrzębie-Zdrój to Ustroń,
Stage 6
6 August 2010 – Oświęcim to Bukowina Tatrzańska,
Stage 7
7 August 2010 – Nowy Targ to Kraków,
Category leadership table
References
External links
Tour De Pologne
Tour de Pologne
Tour De Pologne, 2010
Tour de Pologne
August 2010 sports events in Europe
The São João Baptista (), commonly known as the Botafogo, was a Portuguese galleon built in the 16th century, around 1530, considered the biggest and most powerful warship in the world by Portuguese, Castillian and Italian observers of the time.
History
The exact date of its construction is unknown; the oldest known references to the vessel mention the "great galleon São João" sailing in a convoy to Guinea, under the command of Duarte Coelho in 1532.
The São João most famously distinguished itself during the Conquest of Tunis (1535), when it bombarded La Goletta fortress. It was cby Infante Luís, Duke of Beja, brother of John III and brother-in-law of Charles V.
Besides the São João itself, a further 20 war-caravels and 2 carracks, bearing a total of 1500 men (of which 515 were soldiers and 230 were artillery gunners) made up the Portuguese expedition. The oldest available estimates regarding its armament range from 80 to 200 guns. The entire fleet carried 598 guns in total, most of them small caliber (1 basilisco, 2 leões, 3 águias, 19 camelos, 21 esperas, 52 pedreiros, 150 falcões, 350 berços).
In 1550, the São João was dispatched to Brazil, along with a convoy of several merchantships with supplies, in the aid of the nascent colony and city of Salvador. The following year, it was dismantled in Pernambuco and its iron parts and ammunition salvaged by the colonists, according to a report by governor Tomé de Sousa to King John III of Portugal.
Botafogo in Rio de Janeiro
One member of the crew named João de Sousa Pereira Botafogo, a nobleman from the city of Elvas, became famous because he was responsible for the ship's artillery, earning the nickname "botafogo" ("kindler"), which he later added to his family name. Later, he went to live in the Portuguese colony of Brazil, fighting against the French and the local Tupi Indians. As a reward, the Portuguese Crown granted him some lands known today as Botafogo.
See also
Flor de la Mar
Great Michael
Mary Rose
Peter Pomegranate
Bibliography
Batalhas e Combates da Marinha Portuguesa, Vol. II, pages 243/245 – from Saturnino Monteiro. Livraria Sá da Costa, 1st edition, 1991.
Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil – Vol. I, pages 382/384. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.
O Galeão S. João (c. 1530-1551). Dados para uma monografia, José Virgílio Pissarra, in Fernando Oliveira e o Seu Tempo - Humanismo e Arte de Navegar no Renascimento Europeu (1450-1650), Cascais 1999.
References
Naval ships of Portugal
Maritime history of Portugal
16th-century ships
Galleons
Age of Sail ships of Portugal
16th-century introductions
1551 disestablishments
Led Zeppelin's Summer 1969 North American Tour was the third concert tour of North America by the English rock band. The tour commenced on 5 July and concluded on 31 August 1969.
By this point in the band's career, Led Zeppelin were earning $30,000 a night for each of the concerts they performed. According to music journalist Chris Welch:
This concert tour is noteworthy for the number of festival appearances made by Led Zeppelin. These include:
5 July – Atlanta International Pop Festival
6 July – Newport Jazz Festival
11 July – Laurel Pop Festival
12 July – Summer Pop Festival
21 July – Schaefer Music Festivalheadliners at New York City's Wollman Rink, along with B.B. King
25 July – Midwest Rock Festival
27 July – Seattle Pop Festivalthe infamous shark episode is alleged to have taken place at this time
30 August – Singer Bowl Music Festival
31 August – Texas International Pop Festival
Tour set list
During the tour, Led Zeppelin usually played the same songs in the same order:
"Train Kept A-Rollin' "
"I Can't Quit You Baby"
"Dazed and Confused"
"You Shook Me"
"White Summer" / "Black Mountain Side"
"How Many More Times"the medley portion was sometimes expanded to include "The Lemon Song" and some early rock & roll and blues numbers
"Communication Breakdown"
The group sometimes added:
"I Gotta Move" (8 August, while Page replaced a broken guitar string)
"What Is and What Should Never Be" (11 July & 21 August)
"Pat's Delight" (18 July)
"Your Time Is Gonna Come" (14 August)
"Long Tall Sally" (6 July, 12 July, & 30 August)
Tour dates
References
Sources
Led Zeppelin concert tours
1969 concert tours
1969 in North America
"Kissin' the Wind" is a pop song written by Meredith Brooks, Shelly Peiken and Taylor Rhodes, produced by Craig Porteils for Michala Banas' debut single. The song became Banas's most-successful single release, reaching the top thirty on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart.
Track listing
"Kissin' the Wind" — 3:38
"Kissin' the Wind" (Eargasm dance mix) — 3:45
"Kissin' the Wind" (acoustic remix) — 3:38
"Kissin' the Wind" (music video) — 3:38
Charts
References
2003 singles
Songs written by Taylor Rhodes
Songs written by Shelly Peiken
Songs written by Meredith Brooks
Malaya Serdoba () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Maloserdobinsky District, Penza Oblast, Russia. Population:
It is located on the banks of the and rivers.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Penza Oblast
Petrovsky Uyezd
Chaudhvin Ka Chand () is a 1960 Indian Hindi-language Muslim social film directed by Mohammed Sadiq. This film was a super-hit at box-office, and became one of the top-grossing films of 1960. A production of Guru Dutt, the film centers on a love triangle between Guru Dutt, Rehman and Waheeda Rehman, and features music by Ravi. After the disastrous box office performance of Kaagaz Ke Phool, Guru Dutt had to stick back to the idea of producing a commercial film along with an experimental project to protect his studio from ruins. The next commercial venture by the studio was Chaudhvin ka Chand, which was a huge commercially successful comeback film for Guru Dutt, which saved Guru Dutt's production studio from ruins.
Despite being a commercial venture, the film is considered a classic Muslim-social. It was ranked #28 in 2003 Outlook Magazine poll of 25 Leading Indian Directors for “Best Bollywood Movies of all time”. Filmfare listed it among “Seven Muslim socials you must watch”. Its album was ranked #30 in Top 100 Bollywood Albums by Film Companion. Chaudhvin ka Chand is also noted for pioneering the “Bro-Code” in Hindi cinema. The film's title track “Chaudhvin Ka Chand” became especially popular and is noted for picturization of the song sequence. The song is regarded as one of the most acclaimed romantic ballads in history and one of the most loved filmi songs of all time.
In 2014, the film's screenplay was published as a book, titled Chaudhvin Ka Chand: The Original Screenplay, by the historians Dinesh Raheja and Jitendra Kothari.
The film was also entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival.
Plot
The setting is the city of Lucknow in northern India, where Islamic culture flourished. Aslam (Guru Dutt) and Nawab (Rehman) are two best friends looking for a wife and end up in an accidental love triangle.
At a gathering they attend, the ladies exchange veils for fun. This causes the two best friends who live in this city to accidentally fall in love with the same woman named Jameela (Waheeda Rehman). Jameela is in love with Aslam and marries him. After marriage, Aslam figures out that his friend Nawab had fallen in love with Jameela as well. However, because the veils had been switched by the girls earlier he was unaware of this. Aslam wants nothing but his friend Nawab to be happy and tries to act in a way that would cause Jameela to divorce him, so that Nawab can then marry her. However, Jameela loves Aslam despite this and will not leave him. Eventually Nawab realizes the misunderstanding and is overcome with grief to cause his friend so much sorrow. He is devastated, and commits suicide knowing this will ensure there are no obstacles in the way now for Aslam to love Jameela.
Cast
Guru Dutt as Aslam
Waheeda Rehman as Jameela
Rehman as Nawab
Johnny Walker as Mirza Masaraddik Shaida
Minoo Mumtaz as Tameezan
Mumtaz Begum as Nawab's Mother
Tun Tun as Naseeban
Music
Guru Dutt's music composer of earlier films S. D. Burman had warned him not to make Kaagaz Ke Phool (1959 film), which resembled his own life. When Guru Dutt insisted on making the film, S. D. Burman said that would be his last film with Guru Dutt. Hence, the music composing of this film was offered to composer Ravi and was critically acclaimed, and the lyrics by his all-time favourite Shakeel Badayuni. It was a creative choice of Guru Dutt's to have the title track in color while the rest of the film was in black and white. The title song, sung by Mohammed Rafi, became an evergreen hit, and is still popular among masses. The other hit songs from this film are "Mera Yaar Bana Hai Dulha", sung by Mohammed Rafi, often played in wedding ceremony and mujra song "Dil Ki Kahani Rang Layi Hai", sung by Asha Bhosle.
Track listing
Ravi has composed the music of the film & Shakeel Badayuni wrote the lyrics.
Awards
8th Filmfare Awards:
Won
Best Lyricist – Shakeel Badayuni for "Chaudhvin Ka Chand"
Best Male Playback Singer – Mohammed Rafi for "Chaudhvin Ka Chand"
Best Art Direction – Biren Nag
Nominated
Best Supporting Actor – Rehman
Best Music Director – Ravi
Best Story – Saghir Usmani
References
External links
1960 films
1960 musical films
1960s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Ravi
Films set in Lucknow
Films set in Uttar Pradesh
Films shot in Lucknow
Films with screenplays by Abrar Alvi
Indian musical films
Films directed by M. Sadiq
The 1929–30 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 22nd since its establishment.
League table
References
RSSSF
香港倒後鏡blog
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
1929–30 domestic association football leagues
3
Shinsenen (神泉苑) is a Shingon Japanese Buddhist temple located south of Nijō Castle in the approximate center of the modern city of Kyoto, Honshu, Japan. It was founded by Kūkai in 824 and predominantly consists of a large water garden centering about a pond. It is said to be the oldest existing garden in Kyoto.
History
First built in the year 794, the site was originally connected to the Heian Palace of that time and was used as a private garden for the Emperor. According to the records, the site originally extended approximately 400 meters from north to south and about 200 meters from east to west (500 meters and 240 meters according to different sources).
In 863 a plague extended throughout the city and a sacred ritual to appease the angry spirits was held. Later, a total of 66 pikes (representing the regions of Japan of that time) were erected on the south end of the Shinsenen, Mikoshi from the Gion-jinja (today's Yasaka Shrine) were brought in and a ritual was conducted. Over the years this became a local festival and the pikes were mounted on decorated carts, which is said to be the origin of the modern day Gion Matsuri.
In 1603 when Tokugawa Ieyasu built the Nijō Castle, a large portion of the garden's land was absorbed by the castle grounds, reducing its size. After 1607 the garden was reconstructed and later became a Buddhist temple of the Shingon school.
See also
Tō-ji, a major and contemporary Shingon temple in Kyoto
External links
Official website
References
Buddhist temples in Kyoto
Shingon Buddhism
Tōji Shingon temples
Gardens in Kyoto Prefecture
Pagodas in Japan
Historic Sites of Japan
8th-century establishments in Japan
Religious buildings and structures completed in 794
Moto G (2021) is a series of Android smartphones that are part of the Moto G family developed by Motorola Mobility, a subsidiary of Lenovo.
Specifications
Some specifications such as wireless technologies and storage differ between regions.
References
Android (operating system) devices
Motorola mobile phones
Mobile phones introduced in 2021
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
Mobile phones with stylus
Smartphones
Mobile phones with 4K video recording
Washek F. Pfeffer (November 14, 1936–January 3, 2021) was a Czech-born US mathematician and Emeritus Professor at the University of California, Davis. Pfeffer was one of the world's pre-eminent authorities on real integration and has authored several books on the topic of integration, and numerous papers on these topics and others related to many areas of real analysis and measure theory. Pfeffer gave his name to the Pfeffer integral, which extends a Riemann-type construction for the integral of a measurable function both to higher-dimensional domains and, in the case of one dimension, to a superset of the Lebesgue integrable functions.
External links
UC Davis memorial
1936 births
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
The Rhine is a river in Europe.
Rhine may also refer to:
People
Joseph Banks Rhine (1895–1980), a parapsychologist
Places
United States
Rhine, Georgia, a town
Rhine, Wisconsin, a town
Rhine Center, Wisconsin, an unincorporated community
Rhine Creek (West Virginia), a stream in West Virginia
Australia
Somme Creek (South Australia), formerly North Rhine, an Australian place names changed from German
Marne River (South Australia), formerly South Rhine
Cambrai, South Australia, formerly Rhine Villa
Other
Confederation of the Rhine, a country from 1806–13
The Rhine, an 1842 travelogue by Victor Hugo
Rhine, a merchant ship
Local spelling of rhyne, a drainage ditch or canal used to turn areas of wetland at around sea level into useful pasture
Rhine or Rijn, the name given to one of the plane destroyed in the 1977 Tenerife Airport Disaster
See also
Rhene, a spider genus
Rhene (mythology)
Leptochiton is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family.
There are 2 known species, native to Ecuador and Peru:
Leptochiton helianthus (Ravenna) Gereau & Meerow - Peru (Cajamarca)
Leptochiton quitoensis (Herb.) Sealy - Ecuador (Guayas, Loja), Peru
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Amaryllidoideae
Giovanni Di Luigi, O. Carm. was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as
Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti (1512–1519),
Bishop of Lucera (1500–1512), and
Bishop of Capri (1491–1500).
Biography
Giovanni Di Luigi ordained a priest in the Carmelite Order.
On 15 July 1491, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent VIII as Bishop of Capri.
On 25 October 1500, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Lucera.
On 27 August 1512, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius II as Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti.
He served as Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti until his resignation in 1519.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent VIII
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius II
Carmelite bishops
Andrea Jirků (born 14 November 1989) is a Czech long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2007 – Collalbo, 12th
2008 – Kolomna, 22nd
World Junior Allround Championships
2006 – Erfurt, 23rd
External links
Jirků at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Jirků at SkateResults.com
1989 births
Czech female speed skaters
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Geoffrey L. Duncan (born April 1, 1975) is an American businessman, politician, and retired baseball player, serving as the 12th lieutenant governor of Georgia since 2019. A member of the Republican Party, Duncan is a former member of the Georgia House of Representatives.
After playing college baseball for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets, Duncan played professional baseball for six years until a shoulder injury forced him to retire. He went into business and was elected to the Georgia House in 2012.
In the wake of the 2020 US presidential election, Duncan was among the few Republican Party officials who criticized Donald Trump for spreading misinformation claiming that the election was stolen.
Career
Baseball
Duncan attended Chattahoochee High School in Johns Creek, Georgia, and Georgia Institute of Technology. He played college baseball for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. He played in the 1994 College World Series with Georgia Tech, losing in the final round. He played in Minor League Baseball for the Florida Marlins organization from 1996 through 2000, reaching Triple-A, when a shoulder injury ended his career. Duncan retired from baseball and went into business.
Business
After retiring from baseball, Duncan became chief executive officer for Wellview Health, a healthcare and wellness company.
Politics
Duncan was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives in 2012.
Duncan announced he would run for lieutenant governor of Georgia on April 10, 2017. He resigned from the Georgia House in September 2017 to focus on running for lieutenant governor in 2018.
On May 22, 2018, David Shafer received 48.9% of the vote in the Republican primary with Duncan coming in second place with 26.6%. Since no candidate received a majority of votes, the election then went to a runoff held on July 24. The runoff election focused largely on Shafer's record at the capitol and a number of ethical questions surrounding his candidacy. On July 24, Duncan defeated Shafer with 50.16% of the vote. He defeated Democratic nominee Sarah Riggs Amico in the general election, receiving nearly 52% of the vote and avoiding another runoff.
Duncan was inaugurated lieutenant governor on January 14, 2019. On December 6, 2020, Duncan and Governor Brian Kemp put out a joint statement explaining that calling a joint session of the Georgia General Assembly to appoint their own electors to send to the United States Electoral College would be unconstitutional.
Following unsuccessful efforts to overturn the election of Democratic candidate Joe Biden in the 2020 presidential election, in March 2021 Georgia Republicans enacted the controversial Election Integrity Act of 2021 that imposed new restrictions on voting. Days later, Duncan said during a CNN interview that momentum for the legislation grew from "the fallout from the ten weeks of misinformation that flew in from former President Donald Trump. I went back over the weekend to really look at where this really started to gain momentum in the legislature, and it was when Rudy Giuliani showed up in a couple of committee rooms and spent hours spreading misinformation and sowing doubt across, you know, hours of testimony."
In April 2021, Duncan's chief of staff stated that he was unlikely to run for a second term, after he openly contradicted false claims of election fraud in the 2020 presidential election. His chief of staff added that Duncan has yet to make a final decision about whether to run again in 2022. On May 17, 2021, Duncan announced that he would not be seeking a second term.
An October 2021 trip to New Hampshire to promote his book GOP 2.0, which outlines plans for a post-Trump future for the Republican Party, fueled speculation in his home state that Duncan may be positioning himself to run for president in 2024.
Personal life
Duncan and his wife Brooke have three sons. They live in Cumming, Georgia.
Bibliography
GOP 2.0 (2021)
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
21st-century American politicians
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Brevard County Manatees players
Calgary Cannons players
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball players
Kane County Cougars players
Lieutenant Governors of Georgia (U.S. state)
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
People from Forsyth County, Georgia
People from New Kensington, Pennsylvania
Portland Sea Dogs players
Utica Blue Sox players
Samrat Sarkar () is an Indian playback singer, who has sung for jingles, ad films and Bollywood films. he has sung in Marathi, Bhojpuri, Punjabi and Bengali for films. he has performed in nepal, bangladesh, singapore, besides various cities of India.
References
Samrat Sarkar's song Ishq Jo Tumse Hua to feature on (EORTV's) I Love Us 2
External links
http://samratonline.com/
1987 births
Living people
Gerald Vyvyan Pearse (7 September 1891 – 19 December 1956) was a South African first-class cricketer and British Army officer. Pearse initially played first-class cricket for Natal in South Africa, before moving to England to take up a Rhodes Scholarship at the University of Oxford. He served in the British Army during the First World War with the Royal Field Artillery, during which he was awarded the Military Cross. After the war he played first-class cricket in England for Oxford University, the Free Foresters and the Marylebone Cricket Club. He later served in the Second World War and was made an MBE at its conclusion. He was the youngest brother of the Test cricketer Charles Pearse.
Early life and WWI service
Pearse was born at Pietermaritzburg in Natal in September 1891. He was educated at Maritzburg College, before accepting a Rhodes Scholarship to study in England at the University of Oxford. Prior to attending the university, Pearse had debuted in first-class cricket for Natal in two matches at Durban against Border and Griqualand West in the 1910-11 Currie Cup. Once in England he attended Brasenose College at Oxford, however his studies were interrupted by the First World War. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant with the Royal Field Artillery in November 1914. He was promoted to the temporary rank of lieutenant in January 1916, while in December of the same year he was made an acting captain and awarded the Military Cross. In October 1917 he was made an acting major.
Post-war first-class cricket
Following the war, Pearse returned to complete his studies at Oxford. He played eight first-class cricket matches for Oxford University in 1919, scoring 198 runs with a high score of 44, as well as taking 21 wickets at an average of 32.09, with best figures of 4 for 57. Still retained by the British Army, he had relinquished his acting rank of major in July 1919. After completing his studies at Oxford, Pearse returned to service with the Royal Field Artillery. He was again made a temporary major in June 1921. He played first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club in two matches in 1925 and 1926, as well as appearing in two matches for the Free Foresters in 1926 and 1927. It was for the Free Foresters that he made his highest first-class score, with 67 not out against Oxford University in 1927.
At some point around the later 1920s, he left the army and became a liquidator. He was made an emergency commission into the Royal Artillery, serving during the Second World War. He was made an MBE in the 1946 New Year Honours. He died at Marylebone in December 1956. Pearse came from a large cricketing family, with his eldest brother Charles playing Test cricket for South Africa. His middle brother Dudley played first-class cricket, as did two great-nephews: David Pearse and Mark Pearse.
References
External links
1891 births
1956 deaths
People from Pietermaritzburg
Alumni of Maritzburg College
South African cricketers
KwaZulu-Natal cricketers
South African Rhodes Scholars
South African emigrants to the United Kingdom
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Royal Field Artillery officers
British Army personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Military Cross
Oxford University cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Cricketers from Pietermaritzburg
South Petherton is a village and civil parish in the South Somerset district of Somerset, England, located east of Ilminster and north of Crewkerne. The parish had a population of 3,367 in 2011 and includes the smaller village of Over Stratton and the hamlets of Compton Durville, Drayton, Wigborough and Yeabridge. The River Parrett forms the eastern boundary of the parish. The village is approximately from East Lambrook, Martock and Lopen.
The village is distinctive for the traditional hamstone construction of many of its buildings. In 2005 South Petherton was awarded ‘Somerset Village of the Year' in a national competition. Historically South Petherton was a market town, but these days is regarded as a village, with many of its ancient functions including the holding of a market having ended by around 1870, although some town-like characteristics remain.
History
The village's name may come from the Old English word Pared meaning boundary and the Saxon word ton meaning settlement, forming 'Paredton'.
A site on Lightgate Road, north of the present village, has produced Iron Age occupation material, though archaeological evidence of any structures have not yet been discovered. Roman material, mostly consisting of coins, has also been discovered locally and, as it is only from the Fosse Way, Roman occupation is likely, although it may have been abandoned between the 4th and 8th centuries.
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle of 680 refers to a major battle on the site of the village and the Saxon Ine of Wessex of the Kingdom of Wessex built a palace on present day Silver Street.
A large royal estate of South Petherton was created and the Saxon settlement, Sudperetone (the southern tun on the Parrett), included a minster church, a royal palace and a short-lived 11th century mint. Most of the royal estate passed directly to William the Conqueror and was still a possession of the Crown in 1086. The parish was part of the South Petherton A Hundred. Part of the estate was also held by Bruton Abbey from the 12th century until the Dissolution of the Monasteries, then becoming known as the manor of Hele. In 1213 a royal warrant by King John was granted for a market and fair, but by 1243 the main manor had been granted away from the Crown under Henry II and by 1243 South Petherton manor was owned outright by the Daubeney family, who continued to hold it until the late 15th century, the family dying out after Henry Daubeney acquired the earldom of Bridgwater and then failed to produce an heir to succeed him.
The manor reverted to the Crown in 1553, before passing into the ownership of Charles Arundell (d. 1587), who left it to his brother Matthew Arundell, in whose family it remained until 1792, when it was sold to John Baker Edmonds. Edmonds also acquired the rectory estate of South Petherton (known also as the manor of Hele), which had had a complicated history of ownership, including purchase in 1753 by Henry Hele, a successful physician from Salisbury.
Another estate (known as the Manor of Wigborough) was shared by members of the Brome Family from 1581 to 1615, when it passed to the family of Hele of Flete (unconnected to the Henry Hele referred to above) who held it for most of the 17th century.
During the English Civil War troops from both sides occupied the town during 1644 and 1645. The town also had a role in the Monmouth rebellion of 1680 and two townsmen were among those who prosecuted in the Bloody Assizes.
It was also recently discovered that South Petherton was, during the 17th century, one of the main centres of bronze cauldron and skillet production. These cooking vessels were used all over the UK.
Governance
As a civil parish, South Petherton has its own parish council with responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council's operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council. The village is part of the South Somerset local government district within the wider Somerset County Council area.
Yeovil is a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. The constituency covers the towns of Yeovil, Chard, Crewkerne and Ilminster in Somerset. The current MP is Marcus Fysh, a member of the Conservative Party.
An electoral ward in the same name exists. South Petherton is the most populous area the ward, which also includes Shepton Beauchamp and Seavington St. Mary. The total ward population at the 2011 census was 4,866.
Prior to Brexit in 2020, South Petherton formed part of the electorate for the South West England constituency for elections to the European Parliament.
From 1894 to 1974 it formed part of the Yeovil Rural District.
Geography
South Petherton is situated between the Blackdown Hills to the west, the flat wetland area of the Somerset Levels and Moors to the north, and the hills of Dorset to the south. to the east, on the other side of the Parrett valley, is Ham Hill, the source of much of the village's building stone.
It lies on low lying undulating land of Yeovil Sands at the foot of a limestone ridge, which has been quarried for Petherton stone, and for sands and clays suitable for brick and tile making.
Climate
Along with the rest of South West England, South Petherton has a temperate climate which is generally wetter and milder than the rest of the country. The annual mean temperature is approximately . Seasonal temperature variation is less extreme than most of the United Kingdom because of the adjacent sea temperatures. The summer months of July and August are the warmest with mean daily maxima of approximately . In winter mean minimum temperatures of or are common. In the summer the Azores high pressure affects the south-west of England, however convective cloud sometimes forms inland, reducing the number of hours of sunshine. Annual sunshine rates are slightly less than the regional average of 1,600 hours. In December 1998 there were 20 days without sun recorded at Yeovilton. Most of the rainfall in the south-west is caused by Atlantic depressions or by convection. Most of the rainfall in autumn and winter is caused by the Atlantic depressions, which is when they are most active. In summer, a large proportion of the rainfall is caused by sun heating the ground leading to convection and to showers and thunderstorms. Average rainfall is around . About 8–15 days of snowfall is typical. November to March have the highest mean wind speeds, and June to August have the lightest winds. The predominant wind direction is from the south-west.
Economy
Agriculture has traditionally been an important local industry, although South Petherton has also been a centre for glove making, cider production and other cottage industries at various points in its history.
Cloth manufacture, continued into the late 18th and 19th century although this was largely replaced by sailcloth and then leather working. The importance of this industry can be seen by the number of mills which remain including; the former flax mill or granary in Hayes End, Joylers Mill, Shutlers Mill, and the former flax mill immediately north of Flaxdrayton Farmhouse.
Landmarks
In Silver Street is a 14th-century manor house. It was restored in the 19th century and nicknamed 'King Ina's Palace'.
The 15th or 16th century Wigborough Manor House was never completed to its original plans and has subsequently been modified many times; it is a grade I listed building.
Approximately from South Petherton is East Lambrook Manor Gardens created by Margery Fish who was known as the 'Leading Lady of Gardening' from the 1950s until her death in 1969. It holds the national collection of geraniums, and a collection of snowdrops.
The "David Hall" (located in the old United Reformed Church) is a local social centre run by the Petherton Arts Trust, a non-profit making organisation formed in 1986 and registered as a charity in 1990. There is also "The Blake Hall" which has a social club downstairs and a hall upstairs where a market is held on the first Sunday of every month, as well as various other activities.
A Fives wall survives in the village.
Health and Education
During 2007 Somerset Primary Care Trust consulted local residents about proposals for the redevelopment of South Petherton Community Hospital, which provides Out Patient Assessment and Reablement services. In March 2012, the new hospital was opened by Sophie, Countess of Wessex. A doctors' surgery and pharmacy are located adjacent to the Hospital, also in a new building.
Education is provided within the village by two nurseries for pre-school children, an infants' school (ages 5–7) and a junior school (ages 7–11). The nearest secondary schools are in Stoke-sub-Hamdon (Stanchester Academy), Crewkerne (Wadham School) and Huish Episcopi (Huish Episcopi Academy). There is a public library.
Transport
The A303 main road passes through the parish, immediately to the south of South Petherton and north of Over Stratton, and the villages can be accessed from the A303 at Hayes End Roundabout.
The nearest railway stations are Crewkerne and Yeovil. Formerly there were closer stations at Martock and Ilminster, but both of these were closed in the 1960s. South Petherton is served by a twice-daily Superfast coach service to and from London (Hammersmith) operated by Berrys Coaches as well as a regular bus service to Montacute, Stoke-sub-Hamdon and Yeovil.
National Cycle Network Route 339, which connects Langport with Route 33 at Barrington, passes through the village. The River Parrett Trail, a walking route that follows the course of the river, also passes through the village.
Religious sites
The Church of England Church of St Peter and St Paul has Saxon origins. It retains a 13th-century crosswing, with the remainder of the buildings dating from the 15th century, however it underwent major restorations in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building. The tower is an irregular octagon on plan, wider on east–west axis, which is believed to be the tallest octagonal church tower in the UK. It houses a ring of twelve bells.
The Coke Memorial Methodist Church was built in 1881–82 to replace an earlier chapel of 1809. It was named after Thomas Coke, who was curate of the village 1772-76 and important, along with John Wesley, amongst the founders of Methodism.
A United Reformed Church was built in 1863. This is now the 'David Hall' and hosts various public events.
The village also has a Roman Catholic church, dedicated to St Michael, located on Lightgate Road.
Sports
The South Petherton Walking Group is aimed at the over 50's and aims to encourage this healthy, social activity amongst residents and visitors.
The Recreation Ground provides pitches for football and cricket clubs and there are also facilities for tennis and bowls and a children's play area. The football pitch is particularly large for the standard of football that the club compete in, being over 120 yards long and 90 yards wide. South Petherton Football Club were relegated from the Premier Division of the Perry Street & District League in 2013 after a highly successful run in recent years, but gained promotion at the first attempt and have since competed well back in the premier division.
The Vaux Park Polo Club are based at Wigborough Manor, using the grounds of the house, which is situated in the southeast corner of the parish.
Notable people
John Harding, 1st Baron Harding of Petherton (1896–1989)
John Brunner, science fiction author (1934–1995)
See also
North Petherton
References
External links
South Petherton Parish Council
Villages in South Somerset
Civil parishes in Somerset
Sigh No More is the debut studio album by London-based rock quartet Mumford & Sons. It was released on 2 October 2009 in the UK, and on 16 February 2010 in the United States and Canada. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at No. 11 and peaked at No. 2 on 20 February 2011, in its 72nd week on the chart and following its Album of the Year win at the Brit Awards. In early 2011, the album peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 in the US.
In mid-2010, it was rated the year-to-date's 8th best record on NPR's All Songs Considered. On 20 July 2010, it was shortlisted for the Mercury Prize, awarded annually for the best album in the United Kingdom and Ireland. On 6 December 2010, a deluxe edition was released. This included the original album, a live CD of the concert from the O2 Shepherd's Bush Empire, and a DVD containing parts 1, 2 and 3 of the Gentlemen of the Road documentaries. On 15 February 2011, the album was awarded the Best British Album at the BRIT Awards. In the United States, it was the 3rd most digitally downloaded album of 2011, selling 761,000 copies.
The album's title is taken from a line in Shakespeare's Much Ado About Nothing and several other lines from the play appear in the title track's lyrics.
The vinyl LP version of the record was pressed by United Record Pressing in Nashville, Tennessee.
Singles
"Little Lion Man" was released on 11 August 2009 as the first single from the album. The single has managed to reach number 21 in the UK Singles Chart, number 45 in the Billboard Hot 100, number 1 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart, number 3 in the Australian Singles Chart and #1 in Triple J's Hottest 100 (Australia) of 2009.
"Winter Winds" was released on 6 December 2009 as the second single from the album. The single has managed to reach number 44 in the UK Singles Chart.
"The Cave" was released on 26 February 2010 as the third single from the album. The single reached number 31 in the UK Singles Chart, number 27 in the Billboard Hot 100, number 3 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart, number 10 in the Irish Singles Chart and number 17 in the ARIA Chart. It was released as the second American single on 25 October 2010.
"Roll Away Your Stone" was released on 3 June 2010 as the fourth single from the album. The single peaked at number 141 and number 10 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart.
Critical reception
On the review aggregate site Metacritic, the album has a score of 68 out of 100, indicating "generally favourable reviews".
Commercial performance
Sigh No More was a slow burner, reaching number one on the Irish Albums Chart and number two on the UK Albums Chart six months and sixteen months, respectively, after its release.
The album sold over a million copies in the United Kingdom and over three million in the US. In the US, the album sold 626,000 copies in 2010 and 1,282,000 in 2011. As of May 2015, it has sold over 3.2 million copies in the US. It was the second debut album (after The Fame by Lady Gaga) to sell 1 million digital copies with 1,656,000 million copies sold.
Track listing
Personnel
Marcus Mumford – vocals, guitar, drums, mandolin
Winston Marshall (Country Winston) – vocals, banjo, electric banjo, electric guitar, bass guitar
Ben Lovett – vocals, keyboards, organ, accordion
Ted Dwane – vocals, double bass, bass guitar, drums
Nick Etwell – trumpet, flugelhorn
Pete Beachill – trombone
Nell Catchpole – violin, viola
Christopher Allan – cello
Markus Dravs – production, "a nail and a piano string"
Tom Hobden – original string parts on track 5
François Chevallier – engineering
Samuel Navel – assistant engineering
Ruadhri Cushnan – mixing
Bob Ludwig – mastering
Release history
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
References
2009 debut albums
Mumford & Sons albums
Island Records albums
Glassnote Records albums
Brit Award for British Album of the Year
Albums produced by Markus Dravs
European Border Breakers Award-winning albums
Fredrik Klock (born 3 September 1981) is a retired Norwegian footballer.
He earlier played with Brann in the Norwegian Premier League. He debuted in a Royal League game against Halmstad BK on 24 February 2005. He signed a three-year-long contract with IL Hødd 8 February 2006.
Honours
Club
Hødd
Norwegian Football Cup (1): 2012
References
1981 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Aalesunds FK players
SK Brann players
IL Hødd players
Sportspeople from Ålesund
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
Grace Kelly (also known as The Grace Kelly Story) is a 1983 American made-for-television biographical film starring Cheryl Ladd as Grace Kelly, Princess of Monaco. The film originally aired on ABC on February 21, 1983.
The producers claimed that Princess Grace assisted for several weeks with the films preproduction before her unexpected death in 1982.
Cast
Cheryl Ladd as Grace Kelly
Christina Applegate as Young Grace Kelly
Lloyd Bridges as Jack Kelly
Diane Ladd as Margaret Kelly
Alejandro Rey as Oleg Cassini
Ian McShane as Prince Rainier of Monaco
Marta DuBois as Rita Gam
Critical reception
The New York Times wrote that Cheryl Ladd, "comes reasonably close to being as beautiful as the original," however regretted "the sense of stately awe and suffocating propriety that seeps through the project. Grace Kelly will offend nobody. Unfortunately, it's not likely to interest too many people, either"; Allmovie agreed that the film "tones down the darker aspects of its subject, and the film is infinitely more tasteful than most other TV biographies of the same period, even when dealing with Princess Grace's untimely death"; whereas the Radio Times wrote "There's much that this TV movie glosses over, particularly with regard to her love life, but director Anthony Page successfully conveys the pressures placed on Kelly by her privileged background and her international fame."
References
External links
1983 television films
1983 films
1980s biographical films
ABC network original films
Cultural depictions of Grace Kelly
American biographical films
American television films
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in the 1960s
Films set in the 1970s
Films set in the 1980s
Films set in Monaco
Films directed by Anthony Page
Biographical films about royalty
Films about princesses
1980s American films
The 1927 Stanley Cup Finals was played by the Ottawa Senators and the Boston Bruins. It was the first time the Cup was solely contested by National Hockey League teams, owing to the demise of the Western Hockey League the previous year. It was won by the Ottawa Senators, coached by Dave Gill, over the Boston Bruins, coached by Art Ross. This was the Senators' fourth win since 1920, and eleventh overall, but it marked the end of the dynasty. The original Senators would not win another.
It would be the last time a team from Ottawa would play in the Finals until the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals, and the first Stanley Cup Finals to have games played in both Canada and the United States.
Game summaries
The Stanley Cup Finals was originally intended to be a best-of-three series. After the first game was declared a draw, NHL President Calder ruled that the series would go no more than five games, with overtimes limited to 20 minutes. If the teams were tied after five games, the teams would share the championship. In the end, the series went four games because of two ties. These were the last ties in Stanley Cup history, notwithstanding the unfinished 3–3 Stanley Cup final match between Edmonton and Boston on May 24, 1988. Ottawa's Frank Nighbor was playing in his sixth Stanley Cup series, while Boston's Sprague Cleghorn and Billy Coutu were playing in their fifth Stanley Cup series.
Rough play marred the series: in the final game, Lionel Hitchman and George Boucher were ejected for a wild fight which Ottawa police had to break up. Hooley Smith butt-ended Boston's Harry Oliver, and Eddie Shore fought with Smith in retaliation; both Smith and Shore were ejected. After the game, Billy Coutu assaulted referee Jerry Laflamme, tackled referee Billy Bell and started a bench-clearing brawl. Coutu was barred from the league for life, Smith was given a one-month suspension effective in the 1927–28 season, while Boucher, Hitchman and Jimmy Herbert were all fined.
The April 13, 1927, game at the Ottawa Auditorium was the last Stanley Cup Finals game in Ottawa until the June 2, 2007, game played at Scotiabank Place between the current Senators and the Anaheim Ducks. It is known that one fan, Russell Williams, attended both games, 80 years apart, both games won by Ottawa.
Game one
The first game ended in a scoreless draw after two ten-minute overtime periods. In the overtime, the condition of the ice became unplayable and NHL President Frank Calder called the game. There were two disallowed goals, one by each team, and both disallowed by off-sides.
Before the next game, Calder decided that the series would play to five games if necessary. If after the five games, the teams were tied, that the teams would share the Stanley Cup honours. Calder also ruled that overtimes would be limited to 20 minutes.
Game two
In the second game, the Senators changed their tactics, going on the offensive. King Clancy and Cy Denneny scored in the first period for Ottawa. The Senators played a defensive game in the second period. In the third period, Harry Oliver scored for the Bruins on a goal-mouth scramble to bring the Bruins within one. In the final minute, with the Bruins pressing, Denneny scored again to put the game beyond doubt.
Game three
The series switched to Ottawa. The Bruins took the early lead. Jimmy "Sailor" Herbert broke in on a pass from Harry Oliver and beat Alex Connell in the Ottawa net at 7:14 of the first period. In the second, the Senators picked up the pace and Denneny scored at 15:15 on a pass from Clancy to tie the score. Neither team could break the tie in the third period or the two overtimes. The result meant that Ottawa could win the series with a win in game four, making game five unnecessary.
Game four
The Senators decided to start two players who had been substitutes in the previous games, Frank Finnigan and Hec Kilrea and the moves were a success. The Senators came out on the offensive and took a 2–0 lead in the first period on goals by Finnigan and Denneny. Denneny scored again in the third period to put the Senators ahead 3–0. The game degenerated after that. Lionel Hitchman and George Boucher fought, with Eddie Shore jumping in. Ottawa police jumped onto the ice to help the referees and Hitchman and Boucher were ejected. Oliver scored with six minutes to play. Ottawa's Hooley Smith butt-ended Oliver in the face with a minute to play. Shore jumped in to fight Smith and the two were ejected. After the game Coutu attacked referee Laflamme on his way to the dressing room.
Stanley Cup engraving
The 1927 Stanley Cup was presented to Senators captain George Boucher by NHL President Frank Calder following the Senators 3–1 win over the Bruins in game four.
The following Senators players and staff had their names engraved on the Stanley Cup
With the win Hooley Smith became the fourth player to have won Olympic gold and the Stanley Cup. Smith had won the gold medal at the 1924 Olympics with the Toronto Granites.
1926–27 Ottawa Senators
See also
1926–27 NHL season
References
Notes
Stanley Cup
Stanley Cup Finals
Boston Bruins games
Ottawa Senators (original) games
Stanley Cup Finals
Sports competitions in Ottawa
Sports competitions in Boston
Stanley Cup Finals
Stanley Cup Finals
1920s in Boston
1920s in Ottawa
Mike DiBiase may refer to:
Iron Mike DiBiase (1923–1969), American wrestler
Mike DiBiase (born 1977), American wrestler
Fismes station (French: Gare de Fismes) is a railway station located in the French municipality of Fismes, in the département of Marne.
History
Opened by the Compagnie des chemins de fer des Ardennes on 16 April 1862, the line between Soissons and Reims included a station in Fismes.
Since 3 April 2016, the train link between Fismes and La Ferté-Milon has been replaced by a similar bus service.
Services
The station building is equipped with a passenger waiting room, staffed ticket window and automatic ticket vending machines.
The station is served by TER Grand Est trains towards Reims.
Station facilities also include parking for personal automobiles and bikes.
Gallery
References
Railway stations in Marne (department)
Railway stations in France opened in 1862
Homonota itambere is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Paraguay.
References
Homonota
Reptiles of Paraguay
Endemic fauna of Paraguay
Reptiles described in 2021
Çimenkaya is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Władysław of Głogów (, , ) ( – 14 February 1460) was a Silesian nobleman. He was the ruling Duke of Cieszyn during 1431–1442 (with his brothers as co-rulers) and from 1442 sole ruler over half of both Głogów and Ścinawa.
He was the second son of Duke Bolesław I of Cieszyn by his second wife Euphemia, daughter of Duke Siemowit IV of Masovia.
Life
After the death of his father in 1431, Władysław ruled over all the Duchy together with his brothers as co-rulers, but under the tutelage of their mother. After the division of the Duchy on 29 November 1442, he received the half of both Głogów and Ścinawa as sole ruler, signed since them with the title of Duke of Cieszyn-Głogów.
He had little interference in the Cieszyn politics (actually the only activity in this area was the agreement to sell the Duchy of Siewierz by his brother Wenceslaus I in 1443) and decided to concentrated in the Głogów politics.
In December 1444 Władysław married with Margareta (1411 – 22 July 1480), daughter of Herman III, Count of Celje and widow of Herman I, Count of Montfort-Pfannberg-Bregenz. They had no children.
Władysław's major participation in the political life of his time was in 1447, when he went to Kraków and took part in the coronation of Casimir IV as King of Poland.
The Duke of Głogów supported Bohemian King George of Podebrady. On 24 August 1459, Władysław, with other Piast rulers, paid homage to King George in Swidnica and fought in his ranks near Wrocław. He was seriously wounded during the siege of this town on 1 October 1459 and died as a result of the wounds on 14 February 1460.
In his will, Władysław left his domains to both his wife Margareta (as her ) and his brother Przemysław II, who actually took the whole government over half of both Głogów and Ścinawa. Przemysław II was deposed in 1476 and half of both Głogów and Ścinawa were annexed to the Bohemian crown; however, Margareta remained in Głogów and defended the city from the ambitions of Jan II the Mad, Duke of Żagań, who, after a siege of seven weeks, on 1 May 1480 conquered the city and reunited the whole Duchy of Głogów after almost 150 years of separation.
Ancestry
References
Genealogy of the Dukes of Cieszyn
|-
|-
|-
|-
1420 births
1460 deaths
Dukes of Teschen
Piast dynasty
Linden Township is a township in Christian County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Linden Township was named for the town of Linden, one of the earliest settlements in the county.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Christian County, Missouri
Madhuranombarakattu () is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Kamal and written by Raghunath Paleri, starring Biju Menon and Samyuktha Varma. The music was composed by Vidyasagar. The film won the Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Film.
Plot
Vishnu is a govt school teacher who is travelling with his children Unni and Maya after getting a transfer from his hometown. The bus meets with an accident and Unni dies at spot. Vishnu's wife Priyamvada is jailed after committing a murder. She kills someone who was molesting Vishnu's sister, Sreekutty.
Vishnu hides the death news of Unni from Priya.Vishnu further tells the villagers that his wife is admitted in the hospital following the accident. In the new place, Vishnu along with his friend Shekharan, Headmaster and others catches Kaatumaakan who with his friends used to steal hens, kill them and make the school untidy and hands him to the police. In the jail, Kaatumakan learns of Priyamvada, who is Vishnu's wife and plans for a revenge.
After some days, Priyamvada is released from the jail. They together hopes for a better life. But Kaatumakan returns and tortures the villagers. On a high windy day, Maya leaves with the neighbours in a horsecart. Priya wanders in search of Maya and gets noticed by Kaatumakan. He tries to hurt Priya, but the high wind makes the school building to collapse and it falls on Kaatumakan, killing him. Vishnu finds frightened Priya in the corner of the school and hugs her. Vishnu, along with other villagers share the happy news of the death of Kaatumaakan.
Cast
Biju Menon as Vishnu
Samyuktha Varma as Priyamvadha
Master Ashwin Thampi as Unni
Baby Manjima as Maya
Sreenivasan as Sekharan
Oduvil Unnikrishnan as Headmaster
Kavya Madhavan as Sunaina
Sarath Das as Iqbal
Nedumudi Venu as Bhagavathar
Mala Aravindan as Abdulla
Vimal Raj as Kattumakkan
Augustine as Jail Warden
Thalaivasal Vijay as Kalki Parameswar
T. P. Madhavan
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Mullathatha
Sindhu Shyam as Seetha
Megha as Sreekutty
Master Vignesh as Hilal
Awards
Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Film
Kerala State Film Award for Best Actress - Samyuktha Varma
Kerala State Film Award for Best Child Artist -
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack contains 6 songs, all composed by Vidyasagar and Lyrics by Yusuf Ali Kecheri.
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
2000 drama films
Films directed by Kamal (director)
Films scored by Vidyasagar
Indian drama films
is a 2D competitive fighting game produced by Konami and released as a coin-operated video game in August 1995.
Gameplay
Dragoon Might feature two distinct game modes. A single match mode in which the player must defeat their opponents in round-based matches, and a team match mode similar to The King of Fighters series in which two teams of three members must battle each other until the members of one team are all defeated.
Like most fighting games, special moves are performed by inputting a specific series of directional commands and/or buttons. The game features a unique type of special moves known as "Bomber Moves" (aka "Super Attacks" in the US version), which can deliver greater damage than standard special moves in exchange of some of the player's vitality. These moves act like those from most beat 'em up games and are performed by pressing all three punch buttons. There are also "Super Bomber" moves (also called "Final Attacks" in the US version) which can only performed while the player's vitality gauge is flashing. The player can also jump unto trees or cranes to avoid attacks by pressing all three kick buttons. The player can attack an opponent who is lying on the ground, as well as do an emergency escape roll when his/her character is knocked to the ground.
Characters
Dragoon Might feature a total of twelve selectable warriors, as well as a non-playable final boss during the game's single-player mode. The story centers around a mythical relic known as the Dragon Medallion that will grant its collector one wish. The Medallion has been broken into thirteen fragments that has subsequently come into the possession of each main character, including the final boss, who must fight each other for their fragments until one of them collects all thirteen of them. Once the player defeats all eleven rival opponents, he/she must defeat the final boss in order to unite the Dragon Medallion and see his/her character's good wish granted.
The lead hero. A katana-wielding warrior. In his ending, he spends his time playing pachinko after collecting the Medallion, but ends up destroying the machine when he continues losing all the time.
The lead heroine. A shrine maiden descended from a tengu. She seeks to collect the Medallion in order to maintain world peace. She fights using a hand-held fan.
A ninja who serves the Sanada clan. He is the only playable character who fights barehanded.
A masked ninja who is also a serial killer. He wields a claw on one hand and a crescent-shaped blade on the other.
A stern-looking underground professional wrestler with a title "Reggie the Black Hole" who wishes to be on the front stage with his younger brother. He wields a jackknife.
A tonfa-wielding female warrior who seeks to save her ill mother. In her ending, her mother is saved.
A sinful monk who seeks material wealth. He fights using his monk staff. In his ending, he has a huge collection of treasure as a reward as for collecting all the pieces of the Medallion.
A gluttonous monk who spends most of his time eating and drinking. He fights using his large prayer beads.
A smug spear-wielding warrior.
The comical leader of a tribe of monkeys living in Monkey Mountain. He wields two large blades which are equipped under his sandals.
A large warrior in dark purple and red armor who wields a bladed yoyo.
A young zweihänder wielding knight.
The final adversary in the single-player mode. A computer-only character. An evil sorcerer who seeks to rule the world.
External links
Dragoon Might at The Large Cult Fighting Game March
Dragoon Might at arcade-history
1995 video games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Konami games
Multiplayer video games
Fighting games
Konami arcade games
Video games developed in Japan
Bruno Felipe de Oliveira (born 1 February 1998), known as Bruno Oliveira or Bruninho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Santos, on loan from Caldense.
Club career
Early career
Born in Vinhedo, São Paulo, Bruno Oliveira was released by Corinthians and subsequently represented Bragantino and Red Bull Brasil as a youth. In July 2018, he joined XV de Piracicaba for the Copa Paulista, and made his senior debut on 4 August of that year by coming on as a second-half substitute for Marcelo Fernandes in a 3–3 home draw against former side Red Bull Brasil.
For the 2019 season, Bruno Oliveira represented Grêmio Osasco and Caldense, while still owned by RB Brasil, and signed permanently with Grêmio Osasco in July 2019.
Caldense
In July 2020, Bruno Oliveira returned to Caldense on loan, but his loan spell only lasted one month as the tournaments were postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic; in October, he signed a permanent deal with the latter club. He featured regularly in the 2021 Campeonato Mineiro, and notably scored a goal against Vasco da Gama in the 2021 Copa do Brasil.
Loan to Vitória
On 3 May 2021, Bruno Oliveira was loaned to Vitória until November. He made his club debut late in the month, playing the last 20 minutes of a 1–1 away draw against Guarani.
Bruno Oliveira subsequently became a starter, and scored his first goal for the Leão da Barra on 3 July 2021, netting the equalizer in a 1–1 home draw against Goiás. Despite scoring twice and providing three assists in 30 league appearances, he suffered team relegation.
Loan to Santos
On 22 December 2021, Santos president Andrés Rueda confirmed the signing of Bruno Oliveira for the 2022 season. On 3 January of the following year, his one-year loan deal was confirmed by the club.
Bruno Oliveira made his debut for Peixe on 26 January 2022, replacing Camacho in a 0–0 Campeonato Paulista away draw against Inter de Limeira.
Career statistics
References
External links
Santos FC profile
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Red Bull Brasil players
Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Piracicaba) players
Grêmio Esportivo Osasco players
Associação Atlética Caldense players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Santos FC players
The Samsung i8520 (also known as Beam, or previously Halo) is a projector-enabled smartphone produced by Samsung. Its main feature is a built-in DLP WVGA projector that is able to project images at up to in size at 15 lumens. The i8520 also contains an 8-megapixel camera, that can be used along with the projector to allow the user to project directly what is in front of the camera (similar to the action of an overhead projector). The camera is also able to record HD video at a resolution of 720p at 30 frame/s. The phone also offers local Wi-Fi connectivity, e-mail, and web browsing, as well as containing a built-in GPS receiver. It was released initially in Singapore on 17 July 2010 with the carrier StarHub.
Successor
In February 2012 the i8530 Galaxy Beam was presented at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. It has a 15 lumens projector inside and 8GB of internal memory. the phone is 12.5mm thick and weighs 145.3 grams. It will run Google's Android 2.3 Gingerbread OS, has a 1.0 GHz dual-core processor. An update to the newer version of Android 4.0 a.k.a. Ice Cream Sandwich is planned.
Other features
3.5 mm audio jack
Integrated DNSe (Digital Natural Sound Engine)
Social networking integration with live updates
Google Search, Maps, Gmail
YouTube, Google Talk integration
MP3/WMA/WAV/eAAC+ player
MP4/H.263/H.264/Xvid/DivX player
Image editor
TV out
Organizer
Voice memo
T9
See also
Handheld projector
Projector phone
References
External links
Full specifications: http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_i8520_galaxy_beam-3150.php
Android (operating system) devices
I8520|smartphones|GPS
Mobile phones introduced in 2010
The U.S. Post Office-Lihue, also known as Lihue Post Office, in Lihue, Hawaii, was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The Mission Revival style architecture of the building is accommodation to local citizens who did not want the standard neo-classical design of many mainland U.S. post offices.
See also
List of United States post offices
References
Government buildings completed in 1939
Post office buildings in Hawaii
Buildings and structures in Kauai County, Hawaii
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
Mission Revival architecture in Hawaii
1939 establishments in Hawaii
Veronicella is a genus of tropical air-breathing land slugs in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.
V. cubensis and V. sloanii are known as agricultural pests.
Species
Species within the genus Veronicella include:
Veronicella cubensis (Pfeiffer, 1840) – Cuban slug
Veronicella portoricensis (Semper, 1886)
Veronicella sloanei (Cuvier, 1817) (orth. var. Veronicella sloanii) – pancake slug
Veronicella tenax Baker, 1931
Veronicella sp. from Dominica - an as yet undescribed species
Gallery
References
Veronicellidae
The Apostolic Nunciature to Suriname is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Suriname. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Port of Spain, Trinidad.
List of papal representatives to the Suriname
Apostolic Nuncios
Eugenio Sbarbaro (13 July 1994 - 26 April 2000)
Emil Paul Tscherrig (20 January 2001 - 22 May 2004)
Thomas Edward Gullickson (15 December 2004 – 21 May 2011)
Nicola Girasoli (29 October 2011 – 16 June 2017)
Fortunatus Nwachukwu (9 March 2018 – 17 December 2021)
Santiago de Wit Guzmán (30 July 2022 – present)
See also
Apostolic Delegation to the Antilles
References
Suriname
Holy See
Holy See–Suriname relations
Mary Lou Guerinot is an American molecular geneticist who works as Ronald and Deborah Harris Professor in the Sciences at Dartmouth College. Her research concerns the cellular uptake and regulation of metal ions.
Biography
Guerinot was born and grew up in Rochester, New York. She graduated from Cornell University in 1975, and earned her Ph.D. in 1979 from Dalhousie University under the supervision of David G. Patriquin. After postdoctoral research at the University of Maryland and Michigan State University, she joined the Dartmouth faculty in 1985. In 1994, Guerinot became the first women to chair a science department at Dartmouth when she was appointed the chair Department of Biological Sciences. She became the Harris Professor in 2005.
She became a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2007, and of the American Society of Plant Biologists in 2009. In 2016, she was elected to the National Academy of Sciences.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American biologists
American women biologists
Cornell University alumni
Dalhousie University alumni
Dartmouth College faculty
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
American women academics
21st-century American women
Nuzhat Tasnia (born 31 December 1996) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. In November 2021, she was named in Bangladesh's team for the 2021 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier tournament in Zimbabwe. In January 2022, she was named as one of three reserve players in Bangladesh's team for the 2022 Commonwealth Games Cricket Qualifier tournament in Malaysia. The following month, she was named as one of two reserve players in Bangladesh's team for the 2022 Women's Cricket World Cup in New Zealand.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
People from Gaibandha District
Bangladeshi women cricketers
Bangladesh women One Day International cricketers
Bangladesh women Twenty20 International cricketers
Chittagong Division women cricketers
Sylhet Division women cricketers
Rangpur Division women cricketers
Asian Games medalists in cricket
Cricketers at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Bangladesh
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
is a Japanese entertainment personality and former professional wrestler. She wrestled under her maiden name for Frontier Martial Arts Wrestling, where she became the top star of the Women's Division. Kudo is primarily known for competing in brutal death matches, where the ring ropes were replaced with barbed wire.
Professional wrestling career
Kudo played basketball in high school. She joined All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling at the age of 16, but did not achieve any substantial success. Kudo was released in March 1988. Following her release, Kudo worked as a kindergarten teacher. Kudo returned to wrestling in March 1990 with Frontier Martial Arts Wrestling. Kudo participated in Japan's first mixed tag team match in October 1990, teaming with Ricky Fuji in a losing effort to Tarzan Goto and Despina Montagas. Her notable feuds were against Shark Tsuchiya, Combat Toyoda and Sumie Sakai. In 1992, Kudo released a music album titled "Keep On Running," and starred in the action film A Human Murder Weapon.
On December 6, 1993, Kudo returned to All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling for one night, losing to WWWA World Champion Aja Kong. Kudo competed in her retirement match on April 29, 1997 against Shark Tsuchiya. The match was contested in a "No Ropes Barbed-Wire Double Landmine Glass Crush Death Match". Kudo officially vacated both of her title belts in a retirement ceremony on June 13, 1997.
Retirement
After retiring from professional wrestling, Kudo worked on various television programs, including as a color commentator for pro wrestling events. She also hosts a weekly radio show in Japan. Kudo married professional wrestler Hido on July 12, 1998, whom she met while in FMW.
Championships and accomplishments
Frontier Martial Arts Wrestling
WWA World Women's Championship (6 times)
FMW Independent World Women's Championship (4 times)
FMW Independent Women's / WWA World Women's Championship Tournament (1994)
Tokyo Sports
Service Award (1997)
References
Official website (in Japanese)
Profile by James Phillips
Article on Quebrada.net
Japanese female professional wrestlers
1969 births
Living people
20th-century professional wrestlers
FMW Women's Champions
is a railway station in the city of Oga, Akita, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Hadachi Station is served by the Oga Line and is located 23.7 rail kilometers from the southern terminus of the Oga Line at ..
Station layout
The station has one side platform, serving a single bidirectional track. The station is unattended.
History
Hadachi Station opened on December 1, 1915. With the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station has been managed by JR East. It has been unattended since March 2006.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2002, the station was used by an average of 370 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information page
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Oga Line
Oga, Akita
Doğançam is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Grabina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References
Grabina
The Ghetto Kids (or Triplets Ghetto Kids) is a dance group founded in 2014 by Daouda Kavuma and composed of children from the Katwe slum in Kampala (Uganda).
History
In 2014, Alex, Fred, Bachir, Patricia and Isaac film themselves while dancing to Eddy Kenzo's Sytia Loss music. The video accumulates more than 8 million views in a few weeks on Youtube and social networks. Singer Eddy Kenzo later said "I did not know about this clip until a friend told me about it. "I was not aware of the existence of this clip until a friend told me about it." The singer later invited them to participate in the official videoclip of the song that was released in September of the same year. This collaboration marks the beginning of the Ghetto Kids and allowed the children to go back to school and Daouda Kavuma to buy equipment to develop the group. He composes and produces several pieces of music for the group that toured Africa and the UK in the following months.
On November 30, 2015, 14-year-old Alex died as a result of a bicycle accident. Despite this death, the group continues its tours throughout Africa. The group provokes the admiration of American artists like P. Diddy and Nicky Minaj and in 2017, a featuring in the clip of French Montana's Unforgettable begins their success in the United States.
Collaborations
In 2014, the Ghettos Kids dance for the video of Sitya Loss by Eddy Kenzo.
In 2015, they dance again for Eddy Kenzo in Jambole.
In 2017, the Ghettos Kids were featured in the music video for French Montana's single "Unforgettable".
References
Living people
Ugandan musicians
Musical groups established in 2014
Year of birth missing (living people)
2014 establishments in Uganda
Richard Phillip Edmonds Jr. (born September 12, 1956), is an American pastor and politician from the U.S. state of Louisiana. A Republican, he is a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from East Baton Rouge Parish and was among nine candidates for secretary of state in the 2018 special election to fill the seat vacated by Tom Schedler.
Edmonds finished in fourth place in the race with 164,949 (11 percent). His House colleague, Julie Stokes of Jefferson Parish, finished in fifth place, also with 11 percent of the ballots cast. In a runoff election in December, victory went to the Republican interim secretary Kyle Ardoin.
In the 2015 House election, Edmonds unseated a fellow Republican, the moderate Darrell Ourso.
Edmonds is a former pastor of the Calvary Baptist Church in Shreveport and a former figure in the Louisiana Family Forum. He lives in Baton Rouge and is currently Senior Pastor at First Baptist Church of McComb.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Louisiana Republicans
Members of the Louisiana House of Representatives
American clergy
People from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
People from Shreveport, Louisiana
Baptists from Louisiana
21st-century American politicians
Hornówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Izabelin, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Philippe Lucas (born 1 November 1963 in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. Whilst at Bordeaux he won the 1995 UEFA Intertoto Cup and played in the 1996 UEFA Cup Final.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Saint-Cloud
French footballers
Association football midfielders
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
En Avant Guingamp players
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
Footballers from Hauts-de-Seine
Agasthya Kavi composed 74 works of poetry in Sanskrit in the 14th century. He was from Warangal.
References
14th-century Indian poets
Sanskrit literature
Sanskrit poets
Indian male poets
Poets from Telangana
Kingdom of The Soap Queen: The Story of Balaji Telefilms is a non-fiction book by Kovid Gupta.
Synopsis
In the early 1990s, Doordarshan held a monopoly on Indian television broadcasting when the government passed a series of economic reforms allowing private and foreign broadcasters to operate there. The expansion of cable television in India, starting in 1992, further opened the field for new companies. In this environment, teenager Ekta Kapoor launched Balaji Telefilms—kickstarted by Kapoor's mother, and founded in her father's garage—and guided it to success.
Reception
Upon publication Kingdom of The Soap Queen received mixed reviews.
Soma Das of Mid-Day gave it a positive review, stating, "The book is a soap-lover's delight and is good reading even for those who are keen to know about the nitty-gritty of getting a serial on air, the grime and effort behind the grease paint and what made Kapoor's serials tick" ... "You are left in awe of Kapoor who is the heroine of this saga, the odds she battled, how she learned on the job, and managed to influence and transform Indian television in a way that few have ever done". Vanita Kohli-Khandekar of Business Standard wrote that "Unlike most book writers who tackle Indian television", Kovid "doesn't come with the air of someone who thinks it is beneath him to comment on this. He is an unabashed fan of the stuff coming out of Mumbai's dream factories and this makes the book a delight to read".
Vrushali Lad of Metrognome called the book "deeply reverential". Naomi Datta of The Indian Express wrote that "Gupta writes like a fan boy," and "while the stories of the frenzy over Mihir's death in KSBKBT (Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi) and the Mahabharata debacle are the stuff of television legend," and "it is to Gupta's credit that he recounts them evocatively". Joginder Tuteja of Bollywood Hungama wrote that "young first time author Kovid Gupta attempts something new by telling the tale of Ekta Kapoor" and that " this book turns out to be good affair indeed that aims at inspiring a reader to dream big and work hard towards accomplishing all of that despite the odds".
Miss Malini praised the book, stating that Kingdom of The Soap Queen was "probably the most in-depth book on Indian television till date", talking "about Balaji and the television industry without getting into unnecessarily personal details" while focusing "on the business angle of succeeding in the television world". Gayatri Jayaram of India Today said the book "explains plot twists by TRPs, and extols the impact of the serials" and was "an adulatory account of Balaji Telefilms when the industry was still nascent".
References
External links
Kingdom of The Soap Queen official website
Indian non-fiction books
Books about television
2014 non-fiction books
21st-century Indian books
Stephen Neumann (born October 2, 1991) is a former American soccer player. Steve Neumann was selected 4th overall in the 2014 MLS draft and played 3 seasons for the New England Revolution making 36 appearances.
Career
College and Amateur
Neumann played four years of college soccer at Georgetown University between 2010 and 2013. He ended his Georgetown career with 41 goals and 34 assists and was twice an NSCAA Second Team All American. While at Georgetown, Neumann also appeared for USL PDL club Reading United AC from 2011 to 2013. Neumann was named Reading United captain in 2013 and finished his career with Reading having played 29 matches and scoring 7 goals.
Professional
On January 16, 2014, Neumann was selected in the first round (4th overall) of the 2014 MLS SuperDraft by New England Revolution.
Neumann made his professional debut on April 5, 2014, in a 2-0 loss against D.C. United.
Neumann was released by New England at the end of 2016 season, and announced his retirement via Twitter on December 22, 2016.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
American people of German descent
Association football forwards
Georgetown Hoyas men's soccer players
Major League Soccer players
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament Most Outstanding Player winners
New England Revolution draft picks
New England Revolution players
People from New Hope, Pennsylvania
Reading United A.C. players
Soccer players from Pennsylvania
USL League Two players
Our Better Selves are a lost 1919 silent film war drama directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Fannie Ward and Lew Cody. It was produced by Astra Films and distributed by Pathé Exchange.
Cast
Fannie Ward - Loyette Merval
Lew Cody - Willard Standish
Charles Hill Mailes - Henry Laurens
References
External links
1919 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films directed by George Fitzmaurice
Films with screenplays by Ouida Bergère
American black-and-white films
American war drama films
1910s war drama films
Pathé Exchange films
1919 drama films
1910s American films
Silent American drama films
Silent war films
World Agroforestry (a brand name used by the International Centre for Research in Agroforestry, ICRAF) is an international institute headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya, and founded in 1978 as "International Council for Research in Agroforestry". The centre specializes in the sustainable management, protection and regulation of tropical rainforest and natural reserves. It is one of 15 agricultural research centres which makes up the global network known as the CGIAR.
About
The centre conducts research in agroforestry, in partnership with national agricultural research systems with a view to developing more sustainable and productive land use. The focus of its research is countries/regions in the developing world, particular in the tropics of Central and South America, Southeast Asia, South Asia, West Africa, Eastern Africa and parts of central Africa.
In 2002, the centre acquired the World Agroforestry Centre brand name, although International Centre for Research in Agroforestry remains its legal name and it continues to use the acronym ICRAF.
In 2017, ICRAF released a study at the UN Climate Change Conference that centers on agroforestry and the emission of carbons from deforestation.
See also
Forest Day
References
External links
World Agroforestry
International research institutes
Research institutes in Kenya
Agricultural research institutes
Forest research institutes
Agricultural organisations based in Kenya
Agroforestry
KLRK (95.3 MHz) is a radio station in Los Gatos, California, United States, serving the San Jose and Santa Clara Valley area. It is owned by the Educational Media Foundation (EMF) and part of its K-Love network. The primary transmitter is on Blackberry Hill Road in Los Gatos. KLRK also has two booster stations on 95.3 MHz: KLRK-FM1 serving Scotts Valley and KLRK-FM2 at New Almaden.
What is today KLRK began broadcasting in 1966 as KLGS. From 1990 to 2022, it aired a country music format under the KRTY call sign. Despite good ratings performance, it was sold as part of the dissolution of deceased owner Bob Kieve's estate to EMF. An internet station, KRTY.com, continues the country format.
History
KLGS (1964–1969)
After obtaining a construction permit in 1964, KLGS went full-power on 95.3 MHz in September 1966, owned by the Western Stereo Company.
Tomentose Broadcasting bought KLGS in October 1968 for $133,500 and obtained the broadcast license in February 1969 for an additional $127,500.
KTAO (1969–1974)
KTAO was an FM station in Los Gatos, owned by former Random House editor, Bill Ryan, and Lorenzo Milam. From March 1969 to June 1974, 95.3 had a freeform format. Programming on KTAO included 48 hours of Indian music on Christmas Eve and Day of 1970 and Angela Davis announcing station identifications with calls to release the Soledad Brothers from prison.
KRVE (1974–1985)
Joseph Vieira and two partners bought KTAO in 1974 and changed the station to a Portuguese format with call letters KRVE.
KATD (1985–1989)
The 95.3 frequency took on the call letters KATD on September 9, 1985.DJs broadcast from a studio on North Santa Cruz Avenue in Los Gatos where passers-by could make song requests by holding up signs to the window.
KYAY and KRTY (1989–2022)
On November 28, 1989, KATD became KYAY and changed its format from rock to country. KYAY changed to the KRTY call sign on January 10, 1990, but retained the country format.
In October 1992, Bob Kieve's Empire Broadcasting purchased KRTY for over $3 million from Randolph E. George. By the later half of the decade, as the Telecommunications Act of 1996 led to the consolidation of radio station ownership around the United States and in the Bay Area, the Empire Broadcasting family of stations including KRTY were among the last locally owned stations in the Bay Area.
KRTY attracted a front page San Jose Mercury News story for banning the Dixie Chicks song "Goodbye Earl" due to violent lyrics and hosting an on-air, call-in program on March 13, 2000, about the song. The station's editorial decision also got attention in the Los Angeles Times and USA Today. KRTY later added the song to its playlist and donated to a domestic violence shelter for every play of the song.
Beginning in the 2016–17 season, KRTY became the South Bay affiliate for the Golden State Warriors radio network, after the team moved from the powerful signal of KNBR that covered the entire San Francisco Bay Area.
Bob Kieve died on May 25, 2020; longtime midday host Randy Jones died unexpectedly on December 1, 2021.
Sale to EMF
On March 23, 2022, Empire Broadcasting announced that it would sell KRTY to the Educational Media Foundation, operators of nationally syndicated Christian music networks Air1 and K-Love, for $3.138 million. The sale would result in the end of KRTY's country music format; Empire Broadcasting would retain the KRTY call letters. The future of the country music radio format in the Bay Area was uncertain until KBAY and KKDV flipped to country on April 5.
On June 3, it was announced that KRTY would leave the air on June 17, coincident with the consummation of the sale. However, the country format remained, complete with the still-retained airstaff, as an internet-only station. On June 22, 2022, the station changed call signs to KLRK in a swap with the K-Love transmitter at Great Bend, Kansas.
References
External links
Los Gatos, California
LRK
K-Love radio stations
Educational Media Foundation radio stations
LRK
Radio stations established in 1966
1966 establishments in California
is a railway station in the city of Oga, Akita Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Funakoshi Station is a station of the Oga Line and is located 14.8 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Oiwake Station and 23.4 kilometers from . .
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station building also houses a "Newdays" convenience store and is staffed.
History
Funakoshi Station was opened on November 8, 1914 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) serving the town of Funakoshi, Akita. The JGR became the JNR (Japan National Railways) after World War II. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station has been managed by JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 566 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Funakoshi Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Oga Line
Oga, Akita
German occupation of Byelorussia, now known as Belarus, started with Germany's invasion of Russian Empire on August 1, 1914 and ended on November 11, 1918. During the occupation, 130,000 Belarussians were killed.
Mobilization
On the Russian-German front, the war began with battles in East Prussia, Poland, and Galicia. The Lithuanian-Belarusian provinces located near the theater of military operations were declared under martial law. Strikes, meetings, processions, demonstrations were prohibited, military censorship was introduced. The territory of Belarus turned out to be part of the Dvinsky and Minsk military districts, and in accordance with the decree of Nicholas II of July 20, 1914, the entire local civil administration had to obey their superiors. The Headquarters of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief, Grand Duke Nikolai Nikolaevich, was located in Baranovichi. On July 29, by his order, a directive was sent to the chiefs of military districts "to render the most energetic assistance to the civil authorities by military force, in order to eliminate any attempt at unrest at once with the full unity of the military and civilian authorities on the ground".
Life under occupation
During the First World War (1914-1918), the territory of Belarus became the scene of active hostilities. Since the beginning of the war in Baranovichi, and since August 8 (21), 1915 - in Mogilev, the Headquarters of the Supreme Commander was located. In 1915, German troops occupied the western territories of modern Belarus, from which 432 industrial facilities and a number of educational institutions were dismantled or taken to other provinces of Russia by the Russian authorities. Also, 29 enterprises were taken out of the frontline Minsk, Mogilev and Vitebsk provinces, and in the summer of 1915, in areas under threat of occupation, they destroyed crops and stocks of agricultural products with payment of compensation to peasants at state rates. A number of educational institutions were also evacuated from Belarus to Russia and Ukraine. The Belarusian People's Committee was organized in the German-occupied territory.
The war led to inflation, significant use of women's and child labor, in the frontline the civilian population was mobilized for military work (for example, at the end of 1916, 219.3 thousand men and women were mobilized in the Minsk province). The Western lands occupied by the Germans in 1915 (about 50 thousand km2) were divided into the military administrative district of the Ober-Ost, the military operational strip and Brest. The territories occupied in 1915 were subordinated to the German military command, which imposed a number of restrictions on the local population (passports with fingerprints even for children, a system of passes when leaving the place of residence): landlords' estates whose owners fled to Russia were given to the officers of the German army. An occupation currency, the oberost—ruble, was also issued.
The population of the territory occupied in 1915 was taxed - per capita (8 marks in 1917 from a person aged 15 to 60 years), for industry and trade. There were also requisitions of agricultural products, a ban on killing livestock and poultry without special permission (the permit involved the surrender of part of the meat to the authorities). In 1915, forced paid work was introduced for women aged 18-45 and men aged 16-50. In 1915, 7 sawmills started operating in Belovezhskaya Pushcha. At the same time, the German occupation authorities opened a number of Belarusians, Lithuanian and Jewish schools, where the compulsory study of German was also introduced (it was forbidden to teach children in Russian).
Byelorussia after both February and October Revolutions
In March 1917, a congress of Belarusian national organizations was held in Minsk, which put forward demands for the state autonomy of Belarus as part of the Russian Federative Democratic Republic and elected an executive body - the Belarusian National Committee (BNC). In July 1917, a congress of Belarusian organizations and parties was held, instead of the BNC, the Central Rada of Belarusian Organizations was created, reorganized into the Great Belarusian Rada.
On December 5, 1917, the First All-Belarusian Congress began its work, at which issues of Belarusian statehood were discussed. The participants of the congress were divided into supporters of the Great Belarusian Rada (supporters of independence) and the Belarusian Regional Committee (supporters of broad autonomy within Russia). The participants of the Congress made a compromise decision to create an All-Belarusian Council of Peasants', Soldiers' and Workers' deputies. The All-Belarusian Council was to prepare the convocation of the Constituent Assembly to resolve the issue of the state structure of Belarus. However, already on December 18, the Council of People's Commissars of the Western Region and the Front decided to disperse the congress.
On March 3, 1918, a peace treaty was signed in Brest-Litovsk, according to which, in addition to the territory of Western Belarus, which had been under occupation since 1915, most of the rest of the Belarusian ethnic territory was transferred to German control.
On March 25, 1918, representatives of the Belarusian national movement announced the creation of an independent Belarusian People's Republic under German occupation. It has opened its diplomatic missions in neighboring countries, which have recognized its de facto existence. After the withdrawal of the German troops, the territory where the BNR structures functioned was occupied by the Red Army without resistance, the BNR government was forced to emigrate to Vilna.
Notes
References
Belarus–Germany relations
Byelorussia
1910s in Belarus
World War I
The Croatian Hockey League Season for 2009-2010 was the 19th such season. The regular season was won by KHL Mladost and the playoffs were won by KHL Medveščak II.
Teams
KHL Mladost
KHL Medveščak II
KHL Zagreb
HK Ina Sisak
Regular season
The regular season was won by KHL Mladost.
Playoffs
Semifinals
KHL Medveščak Zagreb II - HK Sisak 2:0 (16:5, 16:5)
KHL Mladost Zagreb - KHL Zagreb 2:0 (8:6, 11:4)
3rd place game
KHL Zagreb - HK Sisak 13:4
Final
KHL Medveščak Zagreb II - KHL Mladost Zagreb 2:0 (5:2, 6:3)
References
Croatian Ice Hockey League Season
1
Croatian Ice Hockey League seasons
The following is a list of Singaporean electoral divisions from 1972 to 1976 that served as constituencies that elected Members of Parliament (MPs) to the 3rd Parliament of Singapore in the 1972 Singaporean general elections. The number of seats in Parliament had increased by 7 to 65 seats.
Constituencies
Alexandra
Aljunied
Anson
Boon Teck
Bras Basah
Bukit Batok
Bukit Ho Swee
Bukit Merah
Bukit Panjang
Bukit Timah
Cairnhill
Changi
Chua Chu Kang
Crawford
Delta
Farrer Park
Geylang East
Geylang Serai
Geylang West
Havelock
Henderson
Hong Lim
Jalan Besar
Jalan Kayu
Joo Chiat
Jurong
Kallang
Kampong Chai Chee
Kampong Glam
Kampong Kapor
Kampong Kembangan
Kampong Ubi
Katong
Kim Keat
Kim Seng
Kreta Ayer
Kuo Chuan
Leng Kee
MacPherson
Moulmein
Mountbatten
Née Soon
Pasir Panjang
Paya Lebar
Potong Pasir
Punggol
Queenstown
River Valley
Rochore
Sembawang
Sepoy Lines
Serangoon Gardens
Siglap
Stamford
Tampines
Tanglin
Tanjong Pagar
Telok Ayer
Telok Blangah
Thomson
Tiong Bahru
Toa Payoh
Ulu Pandan
Upper Serangoon
Whampoa
References
External links
1972
The FIA E-Rally Regularity Cup (FIA ERRC, until 2016 FIA Alternative Energies Cup, FIA AEC) is a world championship for vehicles with alternative energy propulsion organized by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile. It is part of the FIA Electric and New Energy Championship (ENEC) along with Solar Cup and E-Karting.
Recent champions
FIA ERRC (2017-)
FIA ERRC Consumption Cup (2019)
FIA AEC – Category VII: Hybrid and other vehicles (2007-2016)
FIA AEC – Category III: Pure electric vehicles (2007-2016)
Category I: Solar powered vehicles and Olympia Class
References
External links
FIA Alternative Energies Cup
Rallye Monte Carlo
Clean Week 2020
Rally Reykjavik
EcoRallye Vasco Navarro
Hi-Tech EkoMobilty Rally
EcoTarga Florio
Rallye vert de Montréal
Ecorally San Marino – Città del Vaticano
Thomas N. Morahan (29 June 1906 – 1969) was a British film designer nominated for an Oscar for the film Sons and Lovers (1960).
Born Thomas Hugo Morahan, he was the son of sculptor and carver Michael Joseph Morahan (1877–1939). His own son was the director and producer Christopher Morahan (1929–2017).
Selected filmography
Art director
Dreaming Lips (1937)
Production Designer
So Evil My Love (1948)
Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill (1948)
Treasure Island (1950)
Decameron Nights (1953)
The Love Lottery (1954)
The Long Haul (1957)
Another Time, Another Place (1958)
Sons and Lovers (1960)
Satan Never Sleeps (1962)
The Third Secret (1964)
Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines (1965)
References
External links
Morahan family tree
1906 births
1969 deaths
British art directors
British film designers
Dalel Singh Ror is an Indian volleyball player who received one of the country's highest sporting honors, the Arjuna Award, in 1990. Dalel Singh was born on 10 June 1956 into a Ror family of Amin village near Kurukshetra, in Haryana.
References
Indian men's volleyball players
Living people
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Volleyball players from Haryana
Kurukshetra University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in volleyball
Volleyball players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
is a 1996 racing video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. It is a sequel to the 1992 Game Boy title Wave Race. Gameplay involves the player racing on a personal watercraft on a variety of courses while successfully manoeuvring the vehicle around various buoys. A multiplayer mode where two players can compete against each other on a chosen course is also included. The game supports the Controller Pak, which allows players to transfer saved data from one game cartridge to another.
Originally referred to as "F-Zero on water", the game was intended to feature high-speed boats with transforming capabilities, but these were ultimately replaced with Jet Skis as producer Shigeru Miyamoto felt that the game would not be differentiated enough from other titles on other systems. Wave Race 64 received acclaim from critics, who praised the game's satisfying controls and dynamic watery environments. The game is credited with helping Nintendo effectively make its paradigmatic leap from the 16-bit 2D graphics of the Super Nintendo Entertainment System to the Nintendo 64's 3D capabilities. It was re-released for the Wii and Wii U's Virtual Console in 2007 and 2016, respectively, and on the Nintendo Switch Online Expansion Pack in 2022. A sequel, Wave Race: Blue Storm, was released for the GameCube in 2001.
Gameplay
Wave Race 64 is a racing video game in which players race on personal watercrafts in different weather conditions and on a variety of courses. The game features three single-player modes (Championship, Time Trials, and Stunt Mode) as well as a multiplayer mode for competitive play. In the Championship mode, the player must race opponents through a series of courses and win the first place. Up to four levels of difficulty can be chosen: Normal, Hard, Expert and Reverse, the latter being Expert with the tracks oriented backwards. Hard, Expert, and Reverse must be unlocked by completing an earlier difficulty. The difficulty also determines the number of courses played: six in Normal, seven in Hard, and eight in Expert/Reverse. When the player completes a course, points are awarded based on the rank they finished. If the required quantity is not met, the player will be disqualified and the game will be over.
While racing opponents, the player must successfully manoeuvre the Jet Ski around various buoys. There are two types of buoys: red colored, which must be passed on the right side, and yellow buoys, which must be passed on the left side. Each time a buoy is correctly passed, a power arrow in the game's HUD will light, allowing the player's watercraft to gain speed. Up to five power arrows can be lit in order to obtain maximum power. Therefore, maintaining this process will allow the player to maintain a high speed. Failure to correctly pass a single buoy will result in the loss of all the player's accumulated power (though the power arrows can be lit again one by one) and missing five buoys over the course of a race will result in disqualification. Leaving the course area limited by pink buoys for more than five seconds will also result in disqualification.
In Time Trials, the player can freely race on a course to perform the best times, which are recorded in the game's data. In the Stunt Mode, the player must earn points by executing stunts and passing through rings. The points depend upon how many rings the player passes through without missing, as well as the class of stunt that has been performed. The multiplayer mode uses a horizontal split-screen and allows two players to compete against each other on a chosen course. Only the courses that have been unlocked in the Championship mode can be played in the Time Trials, Stunt, and multiplayer modes. The game offers four personalized racers for players to select from, each having their own strengths and weaknesses. A Nintendo 64 Controller Pak can be used to transfer saved data from one game cartridge to another.
Development and release
Wave Race 64 was developed by Nintendo EAD and produced by Shigeru Miyamoto as one of the first Nintendo 64 games. It is a follow-up to the 1992 Game Boy title Wave Race. Development of the game was led by Shinya Takahashi, who had been working with Nintendo since 1989. Takahashi, along with Yoshiaki Koizumi, who worked with Miyamoto on Super Mario 64, are credited for helping the company effectively make its paradigmatic leap from the 16-bit 2D graphics of the Super Nintendo Entertainment System to the Nintendo 64's 3D capabilities. Since the game's engineers only had experience with the 2D graphics of earlier Nintendo consoles, Takahashi had to guide them through the first stages of development. While experimenting with the Nintendo 64's Silicon Graphics technology, one of the programmers created a tech demo that served as an example of the game's wave programming. The tech demo caught the attention of Miyamoto, and soon the team began to figure out a way to create "something fun" from it.
Originally, the game was referred to as "F-Zero on water" and would feature high-speed boats, as shown in footage from the 1995 Nintendo Shoshinkai show. The boats were planned to have transforming capabilities, allowing players to switch from a stable catamaran-style form to a more streamlined canoe-style version. However, the boats were ultimately replaced with Jet Skis at the suggestion of Rare's Tim Stamper. Miyamoto explained that "boats looked pretty good at the show, but I didn't think that Wave Race 64 would be unique from similar games on other systems if we used boats. Jet Skis can show many maneuvers that work well in the realistic water of Wave Race 64". The game uses the Nintendo 64's alpha blending feature to make the water simultaneously transparent and reflective.
Wave Race 64 was promoted with a marketing campaign that cost $4 million. It was first released in Japan in September 1996 on an 8-MB cartridge. In the United States, Wave Race 64 was released as the third Nintendo 64 game on November 4, 1996, featuring voice changes and renamed levels. It was the first racing game developed for the Nintendo 64 and the first to use the Nintendo 64's hardware capabilities to "create a believable and engaging water environment unmatched by previous games". In the United Kingdom, the game was released in April 1997, shortly after the launch of the Nintendo 64. Like Super Mario 64, Wave Race 64 was re-issued in Japan in July 1997 as . This version takes advantage of the Nintendo 64 Rumble Pak and adds ghost functions to the game's time trial mode, in the form of a dolphin that races against the player and represents the previous best time on the course. Some music and sound effects were altered as well.
Reception
Wave Race 64 was a critical and commercial success, selling more than 154,000 units in Japan by December 1996 and more than one million units in the United States by December 1997. As of December 2007, the game had sold 1.95 million copies in the United States. At the time of its release, some reviewers considered it to be one of the greatest racing games of all time on a home console. GamePro described Wave Race 64 as a "phenomenally fun" racing game that captivates players with its deep and challenging gameplay, while Next Generation regarded it as one of the first quality titles released for the Nintendo 64, along with Super Mario 64 and Pilotwings 64.
Graphically, Wave Race 64 was praised for its fluid animations, realistic physics, clean waters, and textured polygons. IGNs Doug Perry commented that the jetskis in the game provide believable and spectacular experience. Writing for The Electric Playground, Victor Lucas highlighted the game's distinct environments, saying that each course offers players something to get excited about. He also gave high marks to the game's satisfying sound effects, particularly when players submerge under the waves, but felt the music was shallow. GamePro agreed, describing the music as juvenile and the announcer's voice as irritating. In contrast, AllGame's Jonti Davies felt that the game's "cheesy" and "distinctly '80s theme" soundtrack combined with the announcer's "hyperexcited cries" gives the game a light and arcade feel.
N64 Magazine journalists described Wave Race 64 as "one of the deepest racing games" they had played, stating that the game's dynamic waves "constantly tests and re-tests" the player's control and that the buoys system offers tactical decisions about whether to spend time taking a wide corner or dash straight on to catch the leader before it's too late. Similarly, Game Informer remarked that the waves can strike players on every turn and that one mistake can mean the difference between victory and defeat. Edge highly praised the game's believable watery environments and satisfying controls, stating that each of the game's four crafts feature different handling characteristics, which is accentuated by the way they interact with the water. Although the magazine criticized the game's lack of courses, noting that most of them can be seen in a day's play, it ultimately concluded that Wave Race 64 is an example of how Nintendo's approach to game design still remains markedly different from almost every other videogames company in the world.
The controls were generally praised, although Todd Mowatt of Electronic Gaming Monthly (EGM) noted that getting used to them can take some time. Glenn Rubenstein of GameSpot also praised the controls, stating that Wave Race 64 "makes the best use yet" of the Nintendo 64 analog stick. Although he highlighted the multiplayer mode for offering a "fairly good competition", he criticized its small split-screen play areas for detracting from the drama. Alex Huhtala of CVG felt that the game was too short, but admitted that the multiplayer and stunt modes give the game longevity. In March 1997, EGM editors named Wave Race 64 their Sports Game of the Year and a runner-up for their Nintendo 64 Game of the Year award (behind Super Mario 64), citing the realistic physics and variety of tracks.
Legacy
After its release on the Nintendo 64, Wave Race 64 has been included in several top lists. In 1997, EGM ranked the game 68th on its list of 100 Best Games of All Time. In 1999, Next Generation ranked it 20th on a similar list, commenting that Wave Race 64, along with Mario 64, demonstrated more graphical power for the system. IGN editors ranked it 33rd on their 2003 list of Top 100 Games of All Time, and 37th on another list published in 2005. They remarked that Wave Race 64 incorporated water physics into racing unlike any game before it, or any since. The simple concept of racing on jet skis was complicated by changing wave patterns, swells, and rising tides, and Nintendo added its trademark depth to broaden and deepen the unique racer. In 2006, Nintendo Power placed Wave Race 64 at 127th in its "Top 200" games list. In 2009, Official Nintendo Magazine ranked the game 49th on a list of the greatest Nintendo games of all time. A sequel, Wave Race: Blue Storm, was released in 2001.
Wave Race 64 was released in China for the iQue Player console in 2003. A 1-hour demo of the game was also included with the console. On August 6, 2007, the game was released on the Wii's Virtual Console. Unlike Nintendo 64 version, the Virtual Console release does not feature Kawasaki banners due to expired licensing deals. These were replaced by Wii and Nintendo DS advertisements. When the game was released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2016, the Kawasaki banners were restored. The game was re-released on the Nintendo Switch Online Expansion Pack on August 19, 2022, once again with the Kawasaki banners restored. The Virtual Console versions of the game were generally very well received, with reviewers considering the game to be just as much fun as it was on the Nintendo 64.
Codemasters producer Guy Wilday cited Wave Race 64 as a key influence in the design of their 1998 racing game Colin McRae Rally. According to Wilday, Wave Race 64 is "a fine example of a game with realistic physics and an incredibly well balanced control system. The game is easy to pick up and play but it is only after playing it for some time that you start to understand the additional nuances of the controls. Initially it's just about going left or right, but later you start to use the weight of the rider to fine-tune the movement of the jetski in the corners and over the waves. I loved the fact that this game was easily accessible but had that greater depth for more hardcore players—this was a key design goal for [Colin McRae Rally]".
Notes
References
External links
Official website
1996 video games
IQue games
Nintendo 64 games
Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development games
Personal watercraft racing video games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games produced by Shigeru Miyamoto
Video games scored by Kazumi Totaka
Virtual Console games for Wii
Virtual Console games for Wii U
Nintendo Switch Online Nintendo 64 games
Triantafyllou () is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Michael Triantafyllou, Greek mechanical engineer
Panagiotis Triantafyllou, Greek wheelchair fencer
Soti Triantafyllou (born 1957), Greek writer
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Patronymic surnames
Skovbjerg is a Danish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Skovbjerg (born 1956), Danish marathon runner
Thomas Skovbjerg (born 1974), Danish footballer
See also
Skovbjerg, a forest in the Mols Bjerge National Park
Danish-language surnames
Neil North (18 October 19327 March 2007) was a British actor, best known for his role in the 1948 film adaptation of Terence Rattigan's play The Winslow Boy. North appeared in four other films released between 1948 and 1951, but did not make acting a full-time career. After a hiatus of over 40 years however, he did return to the screen with three further credits towards the end of his life, including a role in the 1999 remake of The Winslow Boy.
Early life
North was born in Quetta, British India, the youngest son of an officer in the Indian army. After a peripatetic childhood spent at various schools in India and Britain, North became a pupil at the King's School in Canterbury, Kent. He developed an interest in drama, and in 1947 was cast in the role of the Boy King, Richard II, in a production of Laurie Lee's play Peasant's Priest which was staged as part of that year's Canterbury Festival. His performance impressed director Bernard Miles, and when Miles learned that film director Anthony Asquith was searching for a public school boy with acting experience for the title role in a screen version of The Winslow Boy, he put North's name forward.
North landed the role of Ronnie Winslow in The Winslow Boy, a drama based on a cause célèbre of 1908 when George Archer-Shee, a 13-year-old schoolboy, was expelled from Osborne Naval College after being accused of stealing and cashing a postal order for five shillings (25p) that had been sent to a fellow pupil. The film was a high-profile production starring some of the most respected names in British film and theatre, including Robert Donat, Cedric Hardwicke and Margaret Leighton. The film proved to be a box-office success and North's performance was widely admired, notably in a famous scene with Donat in which the latter (cast as a barrister) harries and bullies the boy to satisfy himself of the boy's innocence before agreeing to accept the brief.
North went on to appear in minor roles in the films Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill (1948), Britannia Mews (1949), Traveller's Joy (1949) and Tom Brown's Schooldays (1951).
Later life
At some point in or around 1951, North was called up for compulsory national service, but failed to report on the specified date. Knowing that the British authorities would be on his trail, he fled initially to the Republic of Ireland and thence to Italy, where he spent several years. By 1955 he had settled in the United States, establishing a successful antiques business in New York City with his partner, Charles Gibson. He made sporadic ventures into acting at this time, notably in a 1956 Kraft Television Theatre adaptation of A Night to Remember.
Following the break-up of his relationship and the dissolution of the antiques business, North moved to Florida where he spent some years as a speedboat racer, before moving again in 1980 to Cuernavaca, Mexico. It is not clear exactly when North finally decided to return to Britain, but he was back by the mid-1990s. He learned that director David Mamet was planning a remake of The Winslow Boy and contacted an agent, who arranged a reading with Mamet. Mamet was favourably impressed and cast North in the role of First Lord of the Admiralty – Mamet later said that at the time of casting he had no idea that North had starred in the 1948 film, and that it came as an unexpected bonus to discover his association with the story.
North played a minor role as one of the four tutors in the hugely successful 2000 film Billy Elliot. His last screen appearance was as an extra in Robert De Niro's 2006 film The Good Shepherd.
North died in London on 7 March 2007, aged 74.
Filmography
1948 : The Winslow Boy – dir. Anthony Asquith
1948 : Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill – dir. Lawrence Huntington
1949 : Britannia Mews – dir. Jean Negulesco
1949 : Traveller's Joy – dir. Ralph Thomas
1951 : Tom Brown's Schooldays – dir. Gordon Parry
1999 : The Winslow Boy – dir. David Mamet
2000 : Billy Elliot – dir. Stephen Daldry
2006 : The Good Shepherd'' – dir. Robert De Niro
References
1932 births
2007 deaths
People from Quetta
English male film actors
People educated at The King's School, Canterbury
English gay actors
Male actors from Kent
Gay actors
20th-century LGBT people
Yıldırımtepe is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
The 1964 Buenos Aires Grand Prix was a motor race held at the Autódromo Juan y Óscar Gálvez circuit on February 16, 1964.
Classification
References
Buenos Aires Grand Prix
1964 in motorsport
1964 in Argentine motorsport
February 1964 sports events in South America
Kazakhstan competed at the 2019 Summer Universiade in Naples, Italy held from 3 to 14 July 2019. The country won one gold medal, five silver medals and one bronze medal.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
External links
Official website
Nations at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Summer U
2019
Curlew Rowing Club is a rowing club based on the Tideway of the River Thames at Greenwich, London, England. It was founded in 1866 and has been in Greenwich without interruption for over 130 years, though not always called Curlew.
History
The first regatta at which a “Curley” crew is believed to have rowed was held at Greenwich in 1787. In the first half of the 19th century “Curley” was one of several crews, along with a crew called “The Argonauts”, who had their own boats in the Greenwich and Deptford reaches. The Argonauts grew substantially in numbers until some of its members transferred their activities to Putney, to form the London Rowing Club with the object of rowing at Henley.
The “Curley” crew remained in Greenwich and in 1866 a club was formed in order to rent the (now demolished) Crown Sceptre Pub in Greenwich. “Curley”, by this stage had become “Curlew” and had incorporated the residue of the “Argonauts” and another crew “Lurline” who had been unable to carry on independently. Curlew then occupied the "Crown and Sceptre" until the building was demolished in 1934. So after 68 years Curlew moved to the "Trafalgar Tavern" where Curlew had a Clubroom / bar and a small basement gym. These premises where leased at that time from the Greenwich Hospital Estates.
Modern day
Curlew Rowing Club is now based in out of the Trafalgar Rowing Centre only a few doors down from their old home. Curlew moved to the Trafalgar Rowing Centre in late 2003, and with the Trafalgar Trust (Curlew Rowing Club and Globe Rowing Club) now own a new boathouse and gym in Greenwich. Furthermore, on the water training takes place at the London Regatta Centre based at the Victoria and Albert Docks, where Curlew has access to a complete multi-laned buoyed 2 km racing lake. Recently some boats have been relocated to Greenwich to train on the River Thames again.
Curlew has had much success on the water qualifying and competing at Henley Royal Regatta most years since 2000. 2011 saw the club qualify two VIIIs to The Thames Challenge Cup, the first time in the club's history and the first time a club east of Putney has done so. In 2016 Curlew Rowing Club won the Ampthill Cup for elite pairs at The Metropolitan Regatta, this is the first time and only time Curlew Rowing Club have won this event.
Further to the success of the Men's squad, the Women reached the quarter final of Women's Henley, and the Women's Senior Double achieving Bronze at the National Championship of Great Britain.
Results
Henley Royal Regatta
Curlew Rowing Club have qualified for Henley Royal Regatta 18 out of 22 seasons since 2000, making Thursday on a number of occasions during this period. In 2011 and 2012 Curlew have managed to qualify both a 1st and 2nd VIII into the Thames Challenge Cup, a feat only matched by Thames Rowing Club in West London.
2000 - Wyfold Challenge Cup - RD1 Curlew bt Furnival SC by 3 lengths. RD2, Lea RC bt Curlew by 1 length
2000 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Molesey Boat Club 'B' bt Curlew by 4 lengths
2001 - Wyfolds Challenge Cup - RD1 Aberdeen Boat Club bt Curlew easily
2002 - Wyfolds Challenge Cup - RD1 Aberdeen Boat Club bt Curlew easily
2002 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Curlew bt London Rowing Club 'C' by 1 1/2 lengths, RD2 London RC 'A' bt Curlew by 4 lengths
2003 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Curlew bt City of Oxford RC by 2 1/4 lengths, RD2 Lady Victoria Boat Club bt Curlew by 3 lengths
2004 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Mitsubishi BC* bt Curlew by 5 lengths (*Mitsubishi were subsequently disqualified as being ineligible to race)
2005 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Curlew bt Mortlake Anglia & Alpha BC by 1 3/4 lengths. RD2, Molesey bt Curlew by 1 3/4 lengths
2006 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Hamburger und Germania RC bt Curlew by 3 1/4 lengths
2007 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Nottingham RC bt Curlew by 2 lengths
2008 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Tees RC bt Curlew by 3/4 length
2009 - DNQ
2010 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Reading RC bt Curlew by 1 3/4 lengths
2011 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Lea RC bt Curlew 'A' by 1 1/2 lengths, RD1 Greenlake BC (USA) bt Curlew 'B' by 2 1/2 lengths
2012 - Thames Challenge Cup - RD1 Curlew 'A' bt Curlew 'B' by 4 3/4 lengths, RD2 Thames 'A' bt Curlew 'A' by 2 1/2 lengths
2013 - Britannia Challenge Cup - RD1 Thames 'A' bt Curlew 'A' by 1 1/2 Lengths
2014 - DNQ (Britannia Challenge Cup)
2015 - DNQ (Thames Challenge Cup)
2016 - DNQ (Thames Challenge Cup & Silver Goblets & Nickells Challenge Cup)
2017 - Wyfolds Challenge Cup - RD1 Curlew bt Bedford Rowing club by 1 1/3 lengths, RD2 Commercial Rowing club bt Curlew by 4 1/4 lengths.
2017 - Thames Challenge Cup - Leeds Rowing Club bt Curlew by 4 feet.
2018 - Thames Challenge Cup - Itchen Imperial Rowing Club bt Curlew by 1 1/2 lengths.
2019 - Wyfolds Challenge Cup - Team Keane bt Curlew RC by 3 1/4 lengths.
2020 - No regatta
2021 - Wyfolds Challenge Cup - Elizabethan RC bt Curlew RC by 5 lengths.
2022 - Wyfolds Challenge Cup - Northwich RC bt Curlew RC by 4 1/2 lengths.
Woman's Henley Regatta
2004 - The PriceWaterhouseCoopers Cup - RD2 - Vesta RC bt Curlew by 1 1/4 lengths
2005 - The Lester Trophy - RD2 - Agecroft BC bt Curlew by 4 lengths
2009 - The Rosie - RD1 - Mortlake Anglian & Alpha BC bt Curlew by 1 1/4 Lengths
2010 - The Rosie - Semi-Finals - Sport Imperial BC bt Curlew by 2 lengths
2011 - The Rosie - RD1 - ASR Nereus NED bt Curlew by 4 lengths
2011 - The PriceWaterhouseCoopers Cup - Quarter-Finals - Glasgow RC bt Curlew by 2 lengths
2012 - The Lester Trophy - DNQ (Time Trial 11/24 crews)
2013 - Did not enter
2014 - DNQ
2015 - Did not enter
2016 - DNQ (Fastest non-qualifier)
2017 - DNQ
2018 - Aspirational Club 8+ - RD1 Curlew bt Bristol (C) by 4 1/2 lengths, Quarter-Final - Thames (A) bt Curlew by 3 lengths
2019 - The Lester Trophy - RD1 Curlew bt Staines by 3 lengths, Quarter-Final - Tideway Scullers School (A) bt Curlew by 1 1/2 lengths
2020 - No regatta
2021 - The Lester Trophy - Marlow bt Curlew by 2 lengths
2022 - The Copas Cup - Putney Town bt Curlew by 1/2L lengths
See also
Rowing on the River Thames
Henley Women's Regatta
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20070407011231/http://curlewrowingclub.co.uk/history.htm
External links
https://www.curlewrowingclub.co.uk
Tideway Rowing clubs
Sport in the Royal Borough of Greenwich
Sport clubs established in 1866
1866 establishments in England
Rowing clubs in England
Rowing clubs of the River Thames
Prudence Millinery designs and makes couture hats for major designers all over the world.
A brief history
Prudence was born in New-York, USA. A graduate of New York's Fashion Institute of Technology and a former assistant buyer for the Associated Merchandising Corporation, she left New York and moved to London in 1986. After working as a free-lance fashion stylist, she trained for several years in couture millinery. Her hats are made in the classical manner using only traditional millinery techniques. Prudence designed her first collection for spring 1991 under her own label, Prudence Millinery, and received orders from Bergdorf Goodman and Henri Bendel both in New York City. Her collaboration with Vivienne Westwood started in 1990 and she still creates today hat collections for Vivienne Westwood and has created designs for many other top fashion designers such as Yves Saint Laurent, Gucci, Julien MacDonald, Biba and many others. Prudence currently designs and makes the hats for the Couture Collections for James Lock & Co., the world's oldest hat shop located in Mayfair, London.
Prudence and Vivienne Westwood
In November 1990, she was asked by London designer Vivienne Westwood to create the hats for her autumn / winter 1991 collection and has been working with Vivienne ever since. She now also designs and produces couture hats for men following the success of the Vivienne Westwood MAN collections. She now creates the hats for Westwood's new label, Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood. Her intensive work for Vivienne Westwood can be viewed on the website: http://viviennewestwood.prudencemillinery.com/.
Yves Saint Laurent, Tom Ford, Biba, Julien MacDonald, Balenciaga, Lacoste…
Prudence designed models for Balenciaga in Paris and worked with Tom Ford at Yves Saint Laurent and Gucci. She designed and produced all the pret-a-porter hats for YSL Rive Gauche in Paris for men and women. She has also designed hats for Sir Hardy Amies, London, and for such people as
Jerry Hall, Raquel Welch, Diana Princess of Wales, Joan Collins, Hugh Grant, Lady Snowden, Linda Evangelista, Dior model Bettina, best-selling American author Nancy Friday, Duran Duran's Simon Le Bon and The Sex Pistols.
Prudence has created two collections for Balfour Hats and designed an exclusive collection for the store Le Bon Marché in Paris. In 1993 she began designing ladies' hats for Bond Street hatter Herbert Johnson and in that same year designed a spring collection for Joseph in Knightsbridge. She has worked with French sportswear label Lacoste designing and producing women's caps and bands for the spring / summer 2006 collections in New York. Prudence has been designing and making hats for French designer Charles Anastase's since autumn / winter 2007. Since spring / summer 2008, she has been designing and creating hats for Hector Castro at Biba and for Julien MacDonald She also has made hats for Swiss born designers, English designer Isa Arfen and for the London store Liberty of London.
Since March 2016, Prudence also creates Couture Hats for James Lock & Co.
Japan
Prudence designs knit hats collections with Yoshikawa – boushi Inc. in Japan, which are sold throughout Japan at select United Arrows branches. She has been designing collections of hats for Weave Toshi sold exclusively at CA4LA and Test shops throughout Japan since autumn / winter 2006. She has worked in collaboration with Hankyu Department Store company in Japan, designing and creating an exclusive collection of hats for the Japanese market.
Passing on the knowledge
Prudence has also taught couture millinery in conjunction with the Vivienne Westwood course at the Hochschule der Künste in Berlin and at Colorado State University, the Paris American Academy in Paris, the American Intercontinental University in London and at Mode Gakuen in Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya. Prudence currently holds hat classes and workshops in London.
Lavazza 2008 Calendar
Prudence also worked on the 2008 advertising campaign for Lavazza coffee. Her hats were featured in the ads for October and March in Lavazza 2008 calendar.
Awards
In 1996, Prudence won the Best Accessories Award for the MAN couture hats by the Fashion Council of America.
Press and publications
In May 1991, Prudence had her first international cover for Italian Vogue with a hat from her spring collection photographed by Steven Meisel gracing the head of supermodel Linda Evangelista. After that followed many other photographs and articles for various magazines and newspapers such as L'Uomo Vogue, British Vogue, Vogue Italia, Vanity Fair, Elle, W and Harpers & Queen.
Her work is pictured in many books, such as Vivienne Westwood: 34 Years in Fashion, Vivienne Westwood: An Unfashionable Life, Hats. Status, Style and Glamour
Anna Piaggi photographed her hats for her fashion book Fashion Algebra. In January 2009, a book was published by the V&A, Hats : an anthology featuring some of her hats.
Exhibitions
Hats : Hats, An Anthology by Stephen Jones at the V&A Museum, ( Victoria & Albert Museum, Porter Gallery ) - 24 February to 10 May 2009
Vivienne Westwood : 34 years in Fashion, at the V&A Museum, ( Victoria & Albert Museum ) - This exhibition travelled the world, and went to China & Japan, Tokyo, USA.
In the movies
Prudence Millinery has created for Vivienne Westwood the hats featuring in the first movie Sex and the City and the sequel Sex and the City 2. They created hats for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
References
External links
prudencemillinery.com Official site
http://hatclasses.com/
http://viviennewestwood.prudencemillinery.com/
Milliners
English fashion designers
1963 births
Living people
The Lang–Gu dispute () was a dispute in China about the privatization process adopted during Deng Xiaoping's reforms. New Left academic Larry Lang (郎咸平), a critic of the reforms, accused a private entrepreneur, Gu Chujun (顾雏军), of having usurped state assets. Gu was later imprisoned in January 2008. This incidence had a short-term effect on the Chinese government, who halted privatizations after the debate. Generally, Chinese academic has reservation about this debate.
References
Economy of China
Scalloped topography is common in the mid-latitudes of Mars, between 45° and 60° north and south. It is particularly prominent in the region of Utopia Planitia, in the northern hemisphere, and in the region of Peneus and Amphitrites Paterae in the southern hemisphere. Such topography consists of shallow, rimless depressions with scalloped edges, commonly referred to as "scalloped depressions" or simply "scallops". Scalloped depressions can be isolated or clustered and sometimes seem to coalesce. A typical scalloped depression displays a gentle equator-facing slope and a steeper pole-facing scarp. This topographic asymmetry is probably due to differences in insolation. Scalloped depressions are believed to form from the removal of subsurface material, possibly interstitial ice, by sublimation (direct transition of a material from the solid to the gas phase with no intermediate liquid stage). This process may still be happening at present. This topography may be of great importance for future colonization of Mars because it may point to deposits of pure ice.
A study published in Icarus, found that the landforms of scalloped topography can be made by the subsurface loss of water ice by sublimation under current Martian climate conditions over periods of tens of thousands of Mars years. Scalloped depressions are thought to begin with a small trigger like a small impact, local darkening, erosion, or cracks from thermal contraction. Cracks are common in ice-rich ground on the Earth. Their model predicts that these scalloped depression will develop when the ground has large amounts of pure ice, up to many tens of meters in depth. So, scalloped features can serve as markers for large deposits of pure ice. Ice in and around scalloped topography is not just in the pore spaces of the ground it is excess ice, probably 99% pure as was found by the Phoenix mission. The shallow Subsurface Radar (SHARAD), aboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter can detect ice-rich layers only when thicker than 10–20 meters over wide areas; it has discovered ice in the region of scalloped topography.
The details on the formation of scalloped topography still being worked out. One study, published in 2016 in Icarus proposes a five-step process.
Major changes in the planet's tilt change the climate. This climate change causes an icy mantle to form.
Various conditions cause the mantle to thaw or evaporate.
Meltwater moves in the ground, at least to the depth of the scalloped depressions.
Freezing and thawing of the ice produces masses of ice (ice lenses).
With another tilt change the climate changes and masses of ice sublimate, resulting in scalloped depressions.
In Utopia Planitia, a series of curvilinear ridges parallel to the scarp are etched on the floor of large scalloped depressions, possibly representing different stages of scarp erosion. Recently, other researchers have advanced an idea that the ridges represent the tops of layers. Sometimes the surface around scalloped terrain or scalloped topography displays "patterned ground", characterized by a regular pattern of polygonal fractures. These patterns indicate that the surface has undergone stress, perhaps caused by subsidence, desiccation, or thermal contraction. Such patterns are common in periglacial areas on Earth. Scalloped terrains in Utopia Planitia display polygonal features of different sizes: small (about 5–10 m across) on the scarp, and larger (30–50 m across) on the surrounding terrains. These scale differences may indicate local difference in ground ice concentrations.
Detection of underground ice
On November 22, 2016, NASA reported finding a large amount of underground ice in the Utopia Planitia region of Mars. The volume of water detected has been estimated to be equivalent to the volume of water in Lake Superior.
The calculations for the volume of water ice in the region were based on measurements from the ground-penetrating radar instrument on Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, called SHARAD.
From the data obtained from SHARAD, dielectric permittivity, or the dielectric constant was determined. That was found from the amount of penetration of the radar to a reflector at the bottom of the ice-rich layer. The depth to the reflector was found by examining high resolution photos of the location. Certain places had gaps or windows in the ice rich layer. MOLA topographic maps then told the depth. The top of the ice-rich layer displayed polygons, scalloped depressions, and exhuming craters all of which are believed to indicate ice. At the bottom of the gap was a totally different surface of a different color and full of craters; this was the reflector seen in the radar returns. The dielectric constant, averaged over the entire area, came out to be 2.8. Solid water ice would have a dielectric of 3.0–3.2. Basalt rock which is widespread on Mars would yield 8. So using a ternary diagram from a paper by Ali Bramson et al., the researchers decided the ice-rich layer was a mixture composed of 50–80% water ice, 0–30% rocky content, and 15–50% porosity.
Gallery
Interactive Mars map
References
Geology of Mars
Surface features of Mars
Windass is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dean Windass, football player
Josh Windass, football player, son of Dean
Fictional
A fictional family from Coronation Street, consisting of:
Anna Windass
Gary Windass
Faye Windass
Eddie Windass
Len Windass
Surnames of British Isles origin
Catherine Belkhodja (born 15 April 1955) is a French artist, actress and film director.
Early life
On 15 April 1955, Belkhodja was born in Paris, France, to an Algerian father and a French mother.
She lived and studied in Algiers where she wrote her first short stories. She went on studying theatre, music and fine arts, took her first steps in the cinema and left for Paris to read architecture, philosophy, town planning and ethnology of the Maghreb.
She graduated in philosophy and began earning her living as a teacher, then reading architecture, specialising in bioclimatics and working in the town planning department of the Paris Prefecture. She later took aesthetics with Olivier Revault d'Allones at the Sorbonne University, prior to leaving for Belgium to further her studies in solar architecture, then for Egypt to work with Hassan Fathy on earth architecture.
Career
Belkhodja's activities range from the cinema and television to conceptual art, as well as journalism, philosophy and writing.
Cinema
On her return to Paris from Egypt, she enrolled at the Paris Academy of Dramatic Art and took her first steps in the cinema under Claire Devers in "Noir et Blanc" (Black and White), Guy Gilles in "Nuit docile" (Docile night), Jean-Pierre Limosin in "L'autre nuit" (The other night) and Benoît Peeters in "Le compte-rendu" (The Report). She was the central character in Chris Marker's Silent Movie and documentary Level Five.
Television
Belkhodja has collaborated on a number of television programmes, such as Moi-je, Sexy folies, Mosaïque, Envoyé spécial, Des racines et des ailes, Faut pas rêver, Océaniques.
While working on a television programme, she was noticed by Philippe Alfonsi, who asked her to present a new magazine he was setting up with Maurice Dugowson and invited her to help in its conception. Thus came to life Taxi, a talk show in which Belkhodja and her guests would sit in a Cadillac driven by night around Paris. The programme was awarded a Sept d'or by the French television profession.
Following the success of this programme, Chris Marker gave her the role of a journalist in Level Five (1997). She then left for Algeria to make her first documentary "Reflet perdu du miroir", the story of twin sisters who meet after a long separation.
Writing
Belkhodja published her first newspaper articles in Le Sauvage and Sans frontières and wrote her first script on her return from Egypt. She has worked as a reporter for the Gamma Agency, has also collaborated with such magazines as L'autre journal and La légende du siècle, has founded a new magazine specialising in Asian issues and collaborated with gastronomy, tourism and travel magazines.
She has refocused her activities on writing and regularly publishes her texts in literary reviews such as Alter texto, Hakaî, Poète, Carquois, les Cahiers de Poésie and Gong.
Karedas
Belkhodja founded Karedas, a company dedicated to film production and publishing, and launched a kaiseki collection dedicated to haiku. To inaugurate this collection, she called on Yves Brillon, a Canadian haiku poet who won two awards in the 2005 and 2006 haiku competitions organised by Karedas and the Japanese Cultural Centre in Paris. Belkhodja is currently running a haiku writing workshop on the Psychologies magazine website, in which she has presented keys to haiku writing.
Marco Polo magazine international haiku competition
This yearly competition set up in 2005 rewards the best haiku writers from ten countries.
18 May 2005: inaugural award ceremony at the House of Japan in Paris under the aegis of the Japanese Embassy in Paris.
25 November 2006: 2nd award ceremony at the Franco-Japanese Cultural Centre in Paris.
4 May 2007: 3rd award ceremony at the Tenri Centre, in the framework of the 9th edition of Printemps des Poètes whose theme was love.
Filmography
Feature films
1980: La chanson du mal aimé by Claude Weisz
1981: Le Cadeau by Michel Lang
1982: Pour cent briques, t'as plus rien by Édouard Molinaro
1984: Une maille à l'endroit, une maille à l'envers by Madeleine Laïk
1986: Nuit docile by Guy Gilles
1986: Noir et blanc by Claire Devers
1987: Cinématon No. 999 by Gérard Courant
1988: L'Autre nuit by Jean Pierre Limousin
1996: The Proprietor by Ismail Merchant
1996: Level Five by Chris Marker
1997: Silent Movie by Chris Marker
1998: La Puce by Emmanuelle Bercot
2001: Roberto Succo by Cédric Kahn
Short films
1976: L'Étourdie by Annie Bertini
1980: Fragments du discours amoureux by Denis Lazerme
1984: Le Compte-rendu by Benoît Peeters
1985: Procès de l'oeuf by Catherine Belkhodja
1989: Clip New Order by Chris Marker
1990: Yoyo by Catherine Belkhodja – Music score: Gabriel Yared
1991: Cinéma by Catherine Belkhodja – Music score: Gabriel Yared
1991: Place des Vosges with Isild Le Besco and Kolia Litscher
1993: Parfaitement imparfaite by and with Catherine Belkhodja
Television
1981: Point de rencontre by Michel Favart
1983: Der Fahnder by Erwin Keusch (Bavaria)
1985: Studio Lavabo by de Patrick Bouchitey (Canal +)
1986: Double – Face by Serge Leroy
1987: Marc et Sophie by Stéphane Barbier and Guy Gingembre
1988: Les hommes de bonne volonté from the novel by Jules Romains
1989: L'héritage de la chouette by Chris Marker
1990: Berliner balade by Chris Marker (voice)
1987: Reflets perdus du miroir with Maïwenn Le Besco and Isild Le Besco
Theatre appearances
1980: Bernarda's House by Federico Garcia Lorca – Théâtre de La Villette – directed by Youssef Hamid
1982: Pheadra – Théâtre de l'Atopie – directed by Norbet Heinbûrger
1986: Le voleur d'autobus – Théâtre Yerma – directed by Youssef Hamid
Publications
Karedas
L'ombre du caméléon by François Roche (Architecture, distributed by the Institut français d'architecture)
by Nam & Sor (essay)
Peintures by Dominique Maraval (Art plastique collection)
D'un instant à l'autre by Yves Brillon (Haiku, Kaiseki collection)
Amas d'étoiles: collective work by award winners of MARCO POLO 2005 haiku competition (Haiku – Kaiseki collection)
L'heure du thé by Diane Descôteaux (Haiku, Kaiseki collection)
Personal works
Nuits blanches aux roches noires, Karedas, Kaiseki collection, Paris, 2007.
Collective works
Haïdjins francophones, Karedas, Kaiseki collection, Paris, December 2007
Amas d'étoiles, Karedas, February 2007, Paris
Regards de femmes, Editions Adage, Montréal 2008
Dix vues du haiku, AFH, Paris 2007
La rumeur du coffre à jouets, L'Iroli, Paris 2008
Literary reviews
Forcer à quitter (tanka), Haikai, Canada, June 2006
Roches noires (juinku), Haikai, Canada, December 2006
L'araignée de fer, Carquois n°18, Canada, June 2006
Les félins attaquent les ombres (hankasen with Diane Descôteaux), Haikai, Canada, August 2006
Rêve d'octobre en juillet (kasen with Diane Descôteaux), Haikai, Canada, October 2006
Sic vitam hominum (kasen with Diane Descôteaux), Haikai, Canada, December 2006
Talon d'Achille (with Diane Descôteaux), Haikai, Canada, April 2007
Poumon cru (jusanbutsu with Pascale Baud), Haikai, Canada, October 2006
Mélodie en sous-sol (jusanbutsu with Pascale Baud), Haikai, Canada, December 2006
Haïkus allemands, traductions et commentaires, Gong n°12, July 2006
Petite leçon de haïku, Psychologies Magazine, Paris, January 2007
Self-bind mini-book (Conception), Marco Polo magazine n°12, Paris, November 2006
Écho d'Asie, haiku press review, Marco Polo magazine n°12, Paris, November 2006
Haïku : dans l'air du temps, Marco Polo magazine n°13, Paris, September 2007
Les cahiers de poésie 6, Luxemburg, 2006 –
Les cahiers de poésie 7, Luxemburg, 2006 –
Revue Alter texto, New Caledonia, April 2006
See also
List of stage mothers
References
External links
: her filmography on actricesdefrance.org
: her filmography on Unifrance French cinema promotion in English
: filmography on Movies. New York Times
: filmography on DVD toiles with photos
catherinebelkhodja.free.fr Catherine Belkhodja's personal website in French
Interview de Catherine Belkhodja: an interview by Michelle Levieux for L'Humanité
Marco Polo magazine
1955 births
Living people
Actresses from Paris
University of Paris alumni
French people of Algerian descent
20th-century French actresses
French stage actresses
French film actresses
French television actresses
French National Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
Grant Prideco, Inc. is a supplier of drill pipe and drill stem accessories headquartered in Houston, Texas. Since 2008, it has been a subsidiary of energy services company NOV Inc. Grant Prideco was included on the Fortune magazine top 1000 largest corporations for several years in the mid-2000s and through the 1990s and early 2000s was the world's largest oilfield drill pipe supplier.
History
Background and early history
The earliest indirect predecessor to Grant Prideco was the Grant Supply Company, founded in 1960 by engineer Charles Grant in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Grant Supply was a distributor of pipe, valves, fittings, and other equipment to oil production companies. Grant then founded the Grant Oil Tubular Corporation in Houston in 1970 and a Canadian subsidiary, Grant Corporations Ltd., in 1971. In 1975, the company founded the direct predecessor to Grant Prideco, Grant Corporations, in Houston as a holding company for Grant Supply, Grant Oil Tubular, and the Canadian Grant Corporations.
The holding company then founded Tubular Finishing Works Inc. (TFW), a finishing and processing plant for pipe and tube products, in Navasota, Texas in 1978. During this period, Grant Supply continued its expansion and by the mid-1980s had six sales offices and was contributing 60% of Grant Corporations revenue. However, Grant Supply overextended itself through expansion and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1986. After the subsidiary's shutdown, Grant Corporation changed its name to Grant TFW.
EVI subsidiary
In the late 1980s, EVI Inc. (formerly Energy Ventures Inc.) started acquiring a stake in Grant. It bought 32% of the company in 1987 which it increased to a controlling interest of 67% in 1988. EVI then shifted Grant's operations from distribution to manufacturing focused on drill pipe and premium tubulars. In 1990, EVI acquired the remainder of the company making it a wholly owned subsidiary.
Under EVI, Grant grew substantially through a number of acquisitions. These included the assets of Hughes Tool Company's Houston-based Hughes Tool Joints division in 1990 making Grant one of the world's largest manufacturers of drill strings. Around this time it also bought the drill pipe manufacturing operations of Reed Tool Co., also based in Houston. Grant's purchase of Atlas Bradford in 1992 expanded its tubular products offerings. It also opened several sales offices in Europe and Asia.
In 1995, the company's parent, EVI, acquired Houston-based Prideco Inc. from Christiana Companies and merged it with Grant TFW forming Grant Prideco. The combined company was the largest drill pipe manufacturer and supplier worldwide. EVI acquired Weatherford Enterra in 1998 and initially EVI took the name of its new acquisition but, later in the year, changed its name to Weatherford International.
Resumed independence
Grant Prideco went public in 2000 after being spun off by Weatherford. As an independent company, Grant Prideco continued its strategy of expansion through acquisition. In November 2002, it bought Casper, Wyoming-based Grey-Mak Pipe from Flint Energy Services and, in December, Houston-based drill bit manufacturer Reed-Hycalog from Schlumberger. At , the Reed-Hycalog acquisition was the largest in Grant Prideco's history.
By 2004, Grant Prideco and its subsidiaries operated 22 manufacturing facilities across North America, Europe, and Asia. It shut down its Edmonton, Alberta drill pipe manufacturing unit in February 2004 laying off 113 workers at the facility, though it retained over 50 service and manufacturing employees and continued to manufacture specialized pipe and tubing in Edmonton. In June 2004, subsidiary ReedHycalog bought the synthetic diamond cutter manufacturing unit of Novatek Corp. for and in August Grant Prideco acquired Houston-based drill bit producer Diamond Products International from NQL Drilling Tools for .
In 2005, the company acquired IntelliServ, a drilling string system used to transmit data between measurement equipment located in the bottom hole assembly at the bottom of a drill string and surface operators. IntelliServ had been developed by Grant Prideco in cooperation with Novatek Engineering as part of a Department of Energy project in the early 2000s.
NOV subsidiary
Grant Prideco was acquired by Houston-based National Oilwell Varco, later renamed NOV Inc., in 2008. for . At the time, Grant Prideco operated 25 manufacturing sites worldwide and held 60% of the global drill pipe market.
References
External links
Drilling technology
Manufacturing companies based in Houston
Palashi or Plassey (, , ) is a village on the east bank of Bhagirathi River, located approximately 50 kilometres north of the city of Krishnanagar in Kaliganj CD Block in the Nadia District of West Bengal, India. The nearest major town is Beldanga. It has its own two local gram panchayats.
It is particularly well known due to the Battle of Plassey fought there in June 1757, between the private army of the British East India Company and the army of Siraj-ud-Daulah, the Nawab of Bengal.
Etymology
The name Palashi is derived from the Bengali word for the red-flowered tree (ISO: , , or ). The Bengali word is ultimately derived from . The British East India Company referred to it as ‘Plassey'.
History
Palashi achieved historical significance when, on 23 June 1757, the Battle of Plassey was fought between the forces of Siraj-ud-Daulah, the last reigning Nawab of Bengal (and his French support troops), and the troops of the British East India Company, led by Robert Clive. This event, part of the Seven Years' War, ultimately led to the establishment of British rule in Bengal and, eventually, the whole Indian subcontinent. During British rule Plassey became part of Nadia District of Bengal.
Geography
Location
Palashi is located in West Bengal, India at . It has an average elevation of .
Area overview
Nadia district is mostly alluvial plains lying to the east of Hooghly River, locally known as Bhagirathi. The alluvial plains are cut across by such distributaries as Jalangi, Churni and Ichhamati. With these rivers getting silted up, floods are a recurring feature. The Krishnanagar Sadar subdivision, presented in the map alongside, has the Bhagirathi on the west, with Purba Bardhaman district lying across the river. The long stretch along the Bhagirathi has many swamps. The area between the Bhagirathi and the Jalangi, which flows through the middle of the subdivision, is known as Kalantar, a low-lying tract of black clay soil. A big part of the subdivision forms the Krishnanagar-Santipur Plain, which occupies the central part of the district. The Jalangi, after flowing through the middle of the subdivision, turns right and joins the Bhagirathi. On the south-east, the Churni separates the Krishnanagar-Santipur Plain from the Ranaghat-Chakdaha Plain. The east forms the boundary with Bangladesh. The subdivision is moderately urbanized. 20.795% of the population lives in urban areas and 79.205% lives in rural areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map. All the four subdivisions are presented with maps on the same scale – the size of the maps vary as per the area of the subdivision.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Palashi had a total population of 19,984, of which 10,288 (51%) were males and 9,696 (49%) were females. Population below 6 years was 2,700. The total number of literates in Palashi was 11,462 (66.32% of the population over 6 years).
Transportation
Palashi is connected with Kolkata by railway and bus services. Lalgola passengers and few express trains stop in Plassey railway station. National highway no 34 also passes through the Palashi.
Culture and memorials
There is a Monument, commonly known as Palashi Monument established in memoirs of the martyrs of the battle. The Monument is protected and supervised by the Archaeological Survey of India. The grounds where the historic Battle of Plassey was fought is today marked with shrines, obelisks and memorials to the fallen generals and soldiers of Siraj-ud-Daulah. A set of three obelisks marks homage to the spot where Bakshi Mir Madan (the chief of the Nawab's artillery), Bahadur Ali Khan (Commander of Musketeers) and Nauwe Singh Hazari (the Captain of Artillery) were killed in the battle.
A plaque indicates that they fell here at 14:00 on 23 June 1757 and were leaders of Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah, at the head of the charge ordered by Mir Madan. Almost 5 km north from the Plassey battlefield, there is a Tomb of Farid Shah in Faridpur village, Dead body of Mir Madan was buried there.
A gold coloured statue of Siraj ud-Daulah lies next to the Palashi Monument, in a clearing amidst mango orchards and fields. The tombs of Siraj ud-Daulah, Mir Jafar, their wives and a number of generals in Siraj's army lie close by around Murshidabad. Mausoleums built around the tombs of Siraj Ud-Daula, Azimunessa begum and other soldiers who fell in the war can be found close by at Khosh Bag and Jafarganj cemetery.
In County Clare, Ireland, an estate owned by Major-General Robert Clive, was renamed Plassey in order to commemorate the Battle of Plassey and his successful part in it. At the nearby University of Limerick, the original office of the president was named Plassey House in the late 18th century, also to commemorate a family connection to the battle, and the building still serves as an important administrative centre of the university.
References
Villages in Nadia district
Historic sites in India
Missing Richard Simmons is an investigative journalism podcast hosted by journalist Dan Taberski and created by Stitcher, First Look Media and Pineapple Street Media. The first episode was released on February 15, 2017, with the following five episodes released weekly.
Synopsis
Missing Richard Simmons focuses on the sudden retirement from public life of the fitness instructor and actor Richard Simmons. After having an illustrious media career spanning over 30 years, and known for interacting with fans on a personal level, Simmons disappeared from the public eye in February 2014. Not only did Simmons no longer appear in the media, he also stopped teaching his regular exercise classes at his gym – Slimmons – and stopped corresponding with his friends and fans. Former producer on The Daily Show, Dan Taberski sets out to find out why.
Persons involved
Dan Taberski – The host, a filmmaker and former Slimmons attendee
Richard Simmons – Fitness instructor and actor, the focus of the podcast
Teresa Reveles – Richard's housekeeper of over 30 years
Mauro Oliveira – Richard's friend and former masseuse
Lennie Simmons – Richard's brother
Gerry "GG" Sinclair – A student and friend of Richard's for over 40 years
Episodes
Reception
Missing Richard Simmons was met with mixed reviews from critics. Amanda Hess of the New York Times described the podcast as "morally suspect", while also stating it was an invasion of Simmons' privacy. Similar sentiments were raised by Rolling Stone, The Week and Vox amongst others. Despite this however, these critics would also mention the "instantly engaging" nature of the podcast, with
Vulture.com calling it "the strongest narrative podcast out there."
Missing Richard Simmons proved popular with audiences, topping the iTunes podcast charts in Australia, Canada, United Kingdom and United States. In the United States, the podcast spent almost three weeks in the number one spot.
References
External links
Investigative journalism
Infotainment
Audio podcasts
2017 podcast debuts
Kinsau is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Landsberg (district)
Ayúdeme usted compadre is a 1968 Chilean musical film directed by Germán Becker. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
Cast
Los Perlas as Themselves
Los Huasos Quincheros as Themselves
Los Gatos as Themselves
Pedro Messone as Himself
Fresia Soto as Herself
Gloria Simonetti
Sérgio Livingstone as Himself
Mario Kreutzberger
References
External links
1968 films
1968 musical films
Chilean documentary films
1960s Spanish-language films
Carlos Eduardo Oliveira Dias (born 23 January 2000), commonly known as Carlos Dias, is a Brazilian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Cypriot First Division club APOEL.
Career
APOEL
In May 2020 APOEL signed Dias from Paraná.
References
APOEL FC Official Website - Ποδοσφαιριστές 2020/21
External links
Profile on Soccerway
2000 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Paraná Clube players
APOEL FC players
John Snelling (born 8 March 1946) is a British archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1946 births
Living people
British male archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Oscar Jacques (born Peterborough, England) is an English actor best known for playing Tom Tupper in the CBBC M.I. High. Jacques was formerly a member of Perth Youth Theatre in Scotland. He is a writer director with Edinburgh based production company The Odd Complex with co-founder, writer and composer Eliot Rhys. Jacques is also a stand-up comedian.
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Living people
British male television actors
21st-century British male actors
British people of French descent
People from Peterborough
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion is the second album by the Scottish psychedelic folk group, The Incredible String Band (ISB), and was released in July 1967 on Elektra Records (see 1967 in music). The album was recorded following the reformation of the band as a duo consisting of Robin Williamson and Mike Heron. Notably, the album was a change in musical direction for the two as they transitioned from their more conventional folk music structures into complex psychedelic compositions influenced by British folk and Indian music.
Upon release, the album peaked at number 25 on the UK Albums Charts, and failed to chart on the Billboard 200. It was preceded by the single, "Painting Box", in June 1967 which evidently failed to chart. An additional promo single, "Way Back in the Sixties" was also released in support of the album. The album established the band within the British folk scene, while also gaining them an underground presence in the United States. At the time of its release, the album was recognised as being ambitious, and for creating a contrasting sound to other musical acts who were also utilising similar instruments at the time.
Background
The ISB came to prominence in the UK in June 1966, as a result of the release of their debut album, The Incredible String Band, which incorporated more conventional folk tracks in comparison to their later work. It bestowed upon the group a "Folk Album of the Year" award in Melody Maker's annual poll, but members Robin Williamson and Clive Palmer left England following its release. In late 1966, Williamson returned from leave, in which time he ventured to Morocco with his then-girlfriend, Licorice McKechnie. With his arrival, Williamson brought back a wide variety of exotic instruments of African and Middle Eastern origin. Mike Heron, as well, had begun to broaden his musical horizons by experimenting with the sitar in Williamson's absence. Williamson reformed the ISB with Heron, but not with founding member, Palmer, who was still travelling in Afghanistan. As a duo, the two rehearsed early versions of the material that configured their second album. Crudely recorded on a tape recorder and a single microphone, rehearsals took place in Balmore between October 1966 and February 1967, in a period that was charged by extensive discussions between Williamson, and Heron over the instrumental arrangements of the new material.
Shortly afterwards, in early 1967 the two-piece ISB became regulars on the London folk scene as an opening act in local venues, with a set list that featured the upcoming album's songs. Nearly as exotic as their instruments, Williamson, interested in multi-media, hired two dancers known as Mimi & Lesandra (incorrectly deemed Mimi & Mouse) to take part in the band's concerts. Promotion of the ISB's songs saw the ISB performing "Chinese White" on BBC's Late Night Line-up, and was capped off by a brief appearance at the Newport Folk Festival. Following the band's short touring schedule, their record producer, Joe Boyd, who had previously worked with the group on their debut album, returned to undergo developments for the duo's second album.
Following further rehearsal periods (recordings of the resulting demos were later released as The Chelsea Sessions 1967), the ISB completed the entire album at Sound Techniques, Chelsea, London in early 1967. The recordings were conducted on four-track, in the first instances of the duo overdubbing, and multi-tracking their wide assortment of instrumentals that included sitar, gimbri, and mandolin. Much of the instrumentals drew upon influences of the psychedelic genre, along with the foreign playing Williamson witnessed in his travels. Williamson and Heron's compositions were eccentric in nature, relating with themes of mythology, life, and religion. For the recordings, session musicians were featured, such as Nazir Jairazbhoy on sitar, Pentangle's Danny Thompson on double bass, and on piano was counter-culture activist John "Hoppy" Hopkins. Future ISB member McKechnie also made her first contributions to the band, appearing as a vocalist and a percussionist.
Although several other musical acts, including The Beatles and The Rolling Stones, had already begun incorporating sitar into their compositions, the ISB featured Jairazbhoy, a musician who was traditionally taught with the instrument, rather than a western instrumentalist. Williamson also drew inspiration from his time in Morocco, becoming influenced by the song structures and vocal techniques. The album's compositions reflected upon these developments, Williamson's adaption of the Arabian oud to the guitar, and the vocal arabesques being major stylistic points in the album's overall sound.
Release
The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion was released in July 1967 on the Elektra label to the UK (catalogue item EUK 257), and the US (catalogue item EUK 4010). The album, more successful than the ISB's debut, peaked at number 25 on the UK Albums Chart and number one on the UK Folk Chart, in part due to its promotion by DJ John Peel. Its cover, designed by Dutch artists and , better known as The Fool, featured a multi-coloured hermaphrodite juxtaposing both light and darkness. Two singles preceded the album's release, both of which were issued in June 1967, only to the UK. "Painting Box" then "Way Back in the Sixties" managed to promote the diversity in the band's lyrics and instrumentals, but failed to chart in the UK.
5000 Spirits was much admired by Paul McCartney, who named it his favourite album of 1967. In 1968, Judy Collins recorded "First Boy I Loved" (a cover of Williamson's "First Girl I Loved" with the gender switched) for Who Knows Where the Time Goes. In 1990, Jackson Browne also covered "First Girl I Loved" for the Elektra compilation Rubáiyát. David Bowie also named the album among his top 25 albums of all time.
Track listing
Personnel
Robin Williamson - vocals, guitar, mandolin, oud, bowed and bass gimbri, flute, percussion (drums, rattles) sitar
Mike Heron - vocals, guitar, harmonica
Licorice McKechnie - vocals, percussion
Danny Thompson - double bass
Johns Hopkins - piano
Nazir Jairazbhoy (credited as Soma) - sitar, tanpura
Chart positions
References
1967 albums
The Incredible String Band albums
Elektra Records albums
Albums produced by Joe Boyd
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, Indiana. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 43 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another 3 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Blackford, Grant, Henry, Jay, Madison, Randolph
List of Indiana state historical markers in Delaware County
References
Delaware County
Pelitçik, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1962 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Västra Götaland
Östra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
The women's long jump event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 14 October.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualifying distance: 6.20
Final
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Pascal Briand (born 9 July 1976) is a French long track speed skater who participates in international competitions. Pascal Briand recently joined the Powerslide skate company in Germany where he is involved in the development of their speed skate products.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2006 - Hamar, 24th
2008 - Kolomna, 24th
External links
Briand at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Briand at SkateResults.com
1976 births
French male speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of France
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Living people
Annetta Mary Carter (June 28 1907 – May 8, 1991) was an American botanist.
Early life
Carter was born on June 28, 1907, in Sierra Madre, California. After the death of her mother, Carter's father spent the summers working in the San Gabriel Mountains as a fire guard, giving Carter the freedom to explore her surroundings and develop an appreciation for nature. Her interest in botany was encouraged and supported by her botany teacher at Pasadena High School.
Education and career
In 1928, Carter enrolled in the Botany program at the University of California in Berkeley. She graduated in 1930 with her A.B. in Botany. Her graduating class consisted on 7 women, including Mary L. Bowerman. Carter went on to pursue her master's degree with a focus in the morphology of floating liverwort. Her studies during the program were supervised by William Albert Setchell.
After receiving her M.A. in 1932, Carter went on to work at the University of California, Berkeley Herbarium where she began as a mounter. She remained with the herbarium under the title Principal Herbarium Botanist until her retirement in 1968. Despite having officially retired, Carter continued to assist the herbarium as a Research Associate. Whilst employed at the herbarium, Carter began collecting throughout California.
Personal life and death
Carter died in Berkeley on May 8, 1991, at the age of 83.
References
1907 births
1991 deaths
American botanists
UC Berkeley College of Natural Resources alumni
American women botanists
Pamgarh is a town in Janjgir-Champa district, Chhattisgarh, India. It is one of the 36 Garh of Chhattisgarh state. Pamgarh is on National Highway 200 National Highway 200 (India) and the Garh (fort) is visible from the road. Pamgarh hosts a police station. Nearby villages are Loharsi and Kharod which is famous for various ponds. Archeological items found during excavations include extended spinal cords.
Geography
It is located at an altitude of 288 m above MSL.
Location
The nearest airport is Raipur Airport.
National Highway 200 passes through Pamgarh.
Tourism
Lakshmaneshwar Temple and Dewarghata are tourist attractions in the vicinity. Sheori Narayan is a tourist place nearby. It got the name Sheori Narayan because Lord Rama ate ber (a type of fruit) at this place, with Shabari. So actually it is Shabri+Narayan(Rama).
Mehandi is one of the small village near Pamagarh. It is famous as the location for the temple of Lord Hanumana.
References
External links
About Pamgarh
Satellite map of Pamgarh
Cities and towns in Janjgir-Champa district
Tveit is a former municipality that was located in the old Vest-Agder county in Norway. The municipality existed from 1838 until its dissolution in 1965. The municipality was located in the eastern part of the present-day municipality of Kristiansand along the river Topdalselva. The administrative centre of the municipality was the village of Tveit where Tveit Church is located.
History
The parish of Tveit was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt law). During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1965, the municipalities of Tveit (population: 2,802), Oddernes (population: 18,668), and Randesund (population: 1,672) were merged with the town of Kristiansand (population: 27,100) to form a new, larger municipality of Kristiansand.
Name
The municipality (originally the parish) was named after the old Tveit farm (), since the first Tveit Church was built there. The name is identical with the word which means "a piece of cleared land cut from a forest". The name spelled differently over the centuries: Tved, Thvet, and Tveid.
Government
All municipalities in Norway, including Tveit, are responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, unemployment and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads. The municipality was governed by a municipal council of elected representatives, which in turn elected a mayor.
Municipal council
The municipal council of Tveit was made up of representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
Kristiansand
Former municipalities of Norway
1838 establishments in Norway
1965 disestablishments in Norway
Mohamed Messaoud (born November 19, 1981) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward. at the club RC Boumerdes
Messaoud finished twice as the top scorer of the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 in 2008–09 and 2011–12. In 2011, he was a member of the Algeria A' national football team that finished fourth at the 2011 African Nations Championship in Sudan.
Club career
Messaoud was born in Tiaret, Algeria. On November 2, 2012, he reached the 100 goal milestone in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 with a goal against CA Batna in the ninth round of the 2012–13 Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 season.
International career
On May 21, 2009, Messaoud was called up as a reserve player to the Algerian national team for its qualifiers against Egypt and Zambia.
Honours
Club
ASO Chlef
Algerian Cup: 2004–05
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1: 2010–11
Individual
Two time Top scorer of the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 twice in 2008–09 (19 goals) and 2011–12 (15 goals)
References
1981 births
Living people
People from Tiaret
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Algerian footballers
MC Oran players
CR Belouizdad players
ASO Chlef players
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
Algeria A' international footballers
USM Annaba players
Algeria under-23 international footballers
2011 African Nations Championship players
JSM Tiaret players
21st-century Algerian people
Kiriş is a village in the District of Kemer, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kemer District
Michael David Ruffin (born ) is an American former professional basketball player currently working as an assistant coach for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA). At 6'8" and 248 lbs, he played as a forward/center.
Basketball career
After playing college basketball at the University of Tulsa, where he studied chemical engineering, Ruffin was drafted in the second round of the 1999 NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls. He has played for the Bulls, the Philadelphia 76ers, the Utah Jazz, the Washington Wizards, the Milwaukee Bucks, and the Portland Trail Blazers. He averaged 1.7 points and 3.9 rebounds per game through his NBA career and is considered to be a defensive presence on the court. Ruffin's best statistical season came with the 2000-01 Bulls, where tallied career best averages in rebounding (5.8) and scoring (2.6).
On March 30, 2007, Ruffin was part of a dubious blooper that indirectly cost the Wizards a game. Up 109-106 on the Toronto Raptors, with less than four seconds remaining in regulation, Ruffin intercepted an inbound pass. In an attempt to run the clock out, Ruffin tossed the ball in the air, but it landed in the hands of Toronto's Morris Peterson, who sank a game-tying three-pointer as time expired. Forced into overtime, Washington lost the game 123-118.
On February 17, 2009, Ruffin was sent to the Sacramento Kings and then to the Portland Trail Blazers for Ike Diogu shortly thereafter in a 3-team trade.
In 2010, Ruffin became coach of the ABA's Colorado Kings. However, he resumed his career in Spain playing for Obradoiro CAB.
After two years out of the NBA, Ruffin was signed by the league's Denver Nuggets in mid-December 2011. However, he did not make the team's opening day roster.
Post-NBA career
As of 2012, Ruffin was living in Phoenix, Arizona, working for ASQ and coaching basketball.
Ruffin joined the New Orleans Pelicans as Player Development Coach in October 2014.
In January 2021, Ruffin became an assistant coach for the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA G League.
On September 24, 2021, Ruffin joined the Phoenix Suns as an assistant coach.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Chicago
| 71 || 6 || 13.7 || .420 || .000 || .489 || 3.5 || .6 || .4 || .4 || 2.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Chicago
| 45 || 16 || 19.5 || .444 || .000 || .506 || 5.5 || 0.9 || .6 || .8 || 2.6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Philadelphia
| 15 || 0 || 11.3 || .269 || .000 || .250 || 3.4 || .3 || .3 || .5 || 1.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Utah
| 41 || 23 || 17.9 || .325 || .000 || .421 || 5.0 || 1.0 || .5 || .5 || 2.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 79 || 7 || 16.0 || .414 || .000 || .433 || 4.2 || .8 || .5 || .5 || 1.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 76 || 4 || 13.3 || .442 || .000 || .500 || 3.6 || .4 || .4 || .4 || 1.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Washington
| 30 || 0 || 9.0 || .278 || .000 || .368 || 2.1 || .2 || .2 || .3 || .6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 46 || 2 || 13.7 || .532 || .000 || .397 || 4.0 || .5 || .7 || .4 || 2.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Portland
| 11 || 0 || 3.2 || .286 || .000 || 1.000 || 1.0 || .0 || .3 || .1 || .5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 414 || 58 || 14.4 || .407 || .000 || .459 || 3.9 || .6 || .5 || .4 || 1.7
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2005
| align="left" | Washington
| 9 || 0 || 17.3 || .700 || .000 || .563 || 4.1 || 1.0 || .3 || .3 || 2.6
|-
| align="left" | 2006
| align="left" | Washington
| 6 || 0 || 11.7 || .500 || .000 || .000 || 2.7 || .7 || .2 || .3 || .3
|-
| align="left" | 2007
| align="left" | Washington
| 4 || 0 || 7.0 || .333 || .000 || .000 || 2.3 || .0 || .8 || .0 || .5
|-
| align="left" | 2009
| align="left" | Portland
| 1 || 0 || 5.0 || .000 || .000 || .500 || 5.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 20 || 0 || 13.0 || .563 || .000 || .500 || 3.4 || .7 || .4 || .3 || 1.4
References
External links
NBA.com Profile - Michael Ruffin
Spanish League profile
1977 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Denver
Bàsquet Manresa players
Centers (basketball)
Chicago Bulls draft picks
Chicago Bulls players
Fort Wayne Mad Ants coaches
Liga ACB players
Medalists at the 1997 Summer Universiade
Milwaukee Bucks players
New Orleans Pelicans assistant coaches
Obradoiro CAB players
Philadelphia 76ers players
Phoenix Suns assistant coaches
Portland Trail Blazers players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Denver
Tulsa Golden Hurricane men's basketball players
Utah Jazz players
Washington Wizards players
Universiade medalists in basketball
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Smarhon' District () is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus. As of the 2009 census the population was 55,296.
The administrative center is Smarhon'.
Main sights
Ahinski Manor in Zaliessie
Notable residents
Adam Stankievič (1882, Arlianiaty village – 1949), Belarusian Roman Catholic priest, politician and writer, a Gulag prisoner
Jan Stankievič (1891, Arlianiaty village – 1976), Belarusian politician, linguist, historian and philosopher
Antoni Leszczewicz (1890, Abramaǔščyna –1943), beautified Marian Father and Roman Catholic priest, victim of the Nazis
Andrei Tsikota, Belarusian priest, member of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic and a victim of the Gulag
References
Districts of Grodno Region
Jacek Kasprzycki is a former Polish slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s.
He won two medals in the C-2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1979 and a silver in 1981.
References
Overview of athlete's results at canoeslalom.net
Living people
Polish male canoeists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Mindaugas Kačinas (born June 30, 1993) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Donar of the BNXT League. He plays at the power forward position.
Early career
Kačinas played for Word of Life Fire Traditional School in Wichita, Kansas under head coach Ryan Hujing, averaging 23.6 points and 12.1 rebounds in his senior season.
College career
Kačinas played college basketball for South Carolina from 2012 to 2016, averaging 6.7 points in 132 games.
Professional career
After graduating from the South Carolina Gamecocks, Kačinas signed a two-year deal with Neptūnas Klaipėda.
In December 2018, Kačinas signed with Keflavík of the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild karla. In his debut, he had 20 points and 8 rebounds in a narrow loss against Njarðvík.
In July 2019 Kačinas signed a one-year deal with Palencia Baloncesto of the second Spanish league. He averaged 8.7 points and 6.1 rebounds per game on 54.9 percent shooting in 2019–20.
On July 29, 2022, he signed a one-year contract with Donar of the BNXT League.
International career
Kačinas played in 2013 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Lithuania men's national under-20 and was one of the team's leaders, averaging 9 points, 5.5 rebounds and 1.3 assists per game.
Personal
Mindaugas is the son of Ricardas Kačinas and Rita Kaciniene. He has a brother, Arvydas, and a sister, Reda. He supports the Miami Heat and is a fan of Kevin Durant. At South Carolina, he majored in hotel management.
References
External links
College statistics at Sports Reference
Profile at realgm.com
1993 births
Living people
Basketball players from Klaipėda
BC Neptūnas players
CB Breogán players
Keflavík men's basketball players
Liga ACB players
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in Iceland
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Lithuanian men's basketball players
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
Power forwards (basketball)
South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball players
Universiade medalists in basketball
Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball) players
Universiade gold medalists for Lithuania
Ketil Hodne (born 12 April 1947) was a Norwegian amateur boxer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lillehammer, and represented the sports club BK Pugilist. He finished 33rd in the welterweight division in the boxing at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
1972 Olympic results
Below is the record of Ketil Hodne, a Norwegian welterweight boxer who competed at the 1972 Munich Olympics:
Round of 64: lost to Carlos Berga (Peru) by decision, 1-4
References
1947 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lillehammer
Welterweight boxers
Boxers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Norway
Norwegian male boxers
Prostanthera albiflora is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae and is endemic to inland areas of Western Australia. It is an erect, spreading shrub with narrow egg-shaped to narrow elliptical leaves and two to twelve white flowers with pale blue spots inside and arranged in the upper leaf axils.
Description
Prostanthera albiflora is an erect, spreading shrub that typically grows to a height of with stems that are square in cross-section. The leaves are usually narrow egg-shaped to narrow elliptical, light green, long and wide on a petiole long. The flowers are arranged singly in two to twelve of the upper leaf axils, each flower on a pedicel long. The sepals form a tube long with two lobes, the lower lobe long and the upper lobe long. The petals are white with pale blue spots inside and fused to form a tube long. The lower lip has three lobes, the centre lobe spatula-shaped, long and wide and the side lobes long and wide. The upper lip has two lobes long and about wide. Flowering occurs in April or from August to October.
Taxonomy
Prostanthera albiflora was first formally described in 1988 by Barry Conn in the journal Nuytsia from specimens collected between Agnew and Wiluna in 1975.
Distribution and habitat
This mintbush grows along watercourses in the Carnarvon, Gascoyne, Little Sandy Desert, Murchison, Pilbara and Yalgoo biogeographic regions of inland Western Australia.
Conservation status
Prostanthera albiflora is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.
References
albiflora
Flora of Western Australia
Lamiales of Australia
Taxa named by Barry John Conn
Plants described in 1988
Ivan Donald Margary, (1896–1976) was a British historian who, during his lifetime, became the leading authority on Roman roads in Great Britain. He wrote numerous works on Roman roads of which his most influential and complete was Roman Roads In Britain.
He was educated privately and then matriculated into Exeter College, Oxford in 1913 to study chemistry. From 1914 to 1919, he served in the Royal Sussex Regiment of the British Army during the First World War. Having been a member of the Officers Training Corps, he was commissioned as a second lieutenant on 8 April 1915. He was injured multiple times, including a broken ankle and being shot in the back and neck. He returned to Oxford after the war and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1921.
Margary's primary gift to the study of Roman roads was the development of a catalogue system known as Margary numbers, numbering Roman roads so that they could be referred to by catalogue number to avoid confusion, and to allow cross-referencing of the same road between different studies and authors.
In later life, he financed the excavation of Fishbourne Roman Palace, near Chichester in West Sussex, and the building of Margary Quad at Exeter, his old college. He contributed to the National Trust's excavation at Avebury Stone Circle and to the archaeology department of the British School at Rome. His other interests included meteorology and agriculture.
Honours and awards
In 1932, Margary was elected Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London. He declined all other nominations for recognition.
Selected works
Roman Roads in Britain, Phoenix House, London. Vol. 1 (South, 1955) and Vol.2 (North, 1957)
References
1896 births
1976 deaths
Scholars of Roman history
20th-century British historians
Historians of Roman Britain
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
Royal Sussex Regiment officers
Daniel Oberti (1945–2009) was an American artist, sculptor, teacher, lecturer, mentor and creative community activist.
Born in San Francisco, California, Oberti lived and worked there until 1978, when he moved to Sonoma County in order to devote his life to art and ceramics.
Oberti's best-known local sculpture, titled Guardian of the Creek, popularly known as The Fish, is located at Gateway Park, near the entrance to the Prince Memorial Greenway on Santa Rosa Avenue. The Fish is a 13-foot-tall, mosaic-covered statue of a rainbow trout was designed by Mario Uribe and created by Oberti and students in Santa Rosa's Artstart program for artists in training.
During his long career at Artstart, Oberti also created two prominently placed concrete-and-brass sculptures: Three Spheres, at the Hyatt Vineyard Creek Hotel on the Prince Memorial Greenway, and Shadow Catcher, Wells Fargo Center for the Arts in Santa Rosa.
One of Oberti's largest projects titled Star Dancers was a collaboration with astronomer Maria Sundin of Gothenburg, Sweden. In this project Oberti created works based on Sundin's discoveries of the intricate and fascinating orbits of certain stars in barred galaxies. Oberti sketched newly discovered star patterns in clay, which served as a canvas to interpret Sundin's simulations in an artistic and sculptural format. The work presented cutting edge discoveries of star paths within the scope of a most ancient art form - that of potterymaking and sculpture. According to Sundin, "The Star Dancers project is a provocative enhancement of our collaboration... For [me], this [was] an entirely new way to reach a wider audience with [my] new research results. For Oberti, [it was] an expansive and creative explosion of new works which pay homage to astronomical themes from the archaic to the contemporary."
Oberti's outdoor artworks can be seen throughout the Bay Area in Healdsburg, Penngrove, Rohnert Park and Mendocino. Oberti's international work includes the Venus sphere created for the world's largest scale model of the solar system, in Stockholm, Sweden, and sculptures in Onsala, Sweden and Palermo, Italy.
Oberti died peacefully at the age of 64 from cancer on May 2, 2009 at his home in Sebastopol.
"The sphere is the most perfect, the most capricious of figures, wherein neither beginning nor end can be found." - Copernicus.
References
1945 births
2009 deaths
American artists
Cross belt or crossbelt is a type of belt in military uniforms.
The term may also refer to:
Cross Belt (film), Malayalam film
Crossbelt Mani, Malayalam film director
Cross-belt, an element of the Sam Browne belt
Crossbelt sorter
Tim Bivins (born March 7, 1952) was a Republican member of the Illinois Senate representing the 45th district from 2008 to 2018.
Prior to his 2008 appointment to the Illinois Senate, Bivins served for two decades as the Lee County Sheriff.
Early life, education and career
Bivins previously served as sheriff of Lee County, Illinois, which includes Dixon. He was elected sheriff in 1986 succeeding fellow Republican Raymond Edward Nehring as Sheriff. He served until 2006, retiring as Lee County's longest serving sheriff. He served on security details for President Ronald Reagan, Vice President George H. Bush, Vice President Dan Quayle, House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert, Governor Jim Edgar, Governor Jim Thompson, Governor George Ryan, and United States Senator Peter Fitzgerald. During his tenure as Sheriff, Tim served as President of the Illinois Sheriffs' Association. Speaker Hastert named him to the Department of Justice Medal of Valor Review Board, an advisory group to President George Bush. Tim also served on the Illinois Juvenile Justice Commission, having been appointed by then-Governor Jim Edgar.
Illinois Senate
On October 6, 2007, Republican incumbent Todd Sieben announced that he would not run for reelection in the 2008 general election. After Bivins filed to run in the Republican primary, Sieben resigned from the Illinois Senate effective March 6, 2008. The next day, local Republican leaders appointed Bivins to the vacancy created in the 45th Legislative District. Upon his swearing in, Minority Leader Frank Watson assigned Bivins to the following committees: Agriculture and Conservation, Licensed Activities, Commerce and Economic Development, State Government and Veterans Affairs. Bivins was named the Minority Spokesperson for the Committee on State Government and Veterans Affairs.
Four of five bills sponsored by Senator Bivins in his first legislative session – covering ethics, local schools, county jails and law enforcement – were passed by lawmakers. The 45th District Senator also finished the fiscal year with money to spare in his legislative account – which he returned to the state's coffers. During the fall of 2008, he sponsored a number of public hearings in northwestern Illinois about the closing of state parks and historic sites by former Governor Rod Blagojevich.
Bivins served as an Illinois Co-Chair for the 2016 presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz.
On June 12, 2017, Bivins announced he would not seek another term. Brian Stewart was elected on November 6, 2018, to Bivins' seat representing the 45th district of the state of Illinois. Stewart took office on December 5, 2018.
Personal life
Bivins and his wife, Terri, live in Dixon and have two married children, a daughter and a son, and five grandchildren. He is an avid volleyball player and coach, coaching at the high school level for 12 years.
References
External links
Biography, bills and committees at the Illinois General Assembly
By session: 98th, 97th, 96th, 95th
1951 births
Living people
Illinois sheriffs
People from Dixon, Illinois
Illinois Republicans
Illinois state senators
21st-century American politicians
Bugs Bunny's Easter Special (also known as The Bugs Bunny Easter Special and Bugs Bunny's Easter Funnies) is a 1977 Easter-themed Looney Tunes television special directed by Friz Freleng and features clips from 10 Warner Bros. cartoons. It originally aired on the CBS network April 7, 1977.
Plot
The Easter Bunny is ill, and Granny needs to find a replacement for him. She suggests Bugs Bunny as the needed replacement. When she reaches the Warner Bros. lot, she finds to her disappointment that Bugs is tied up in filming Knighty Knight Bugs but offers to work out a solution after filming wraps up. Meanwhile, Daffy Duck, partially overhearing the conversation, eagerly offers Granny his services, but always dresses up in the wrong Easter-related outfit (such as an Easter egg or an Easter basket). Still tied up after filming two more shorts, Bugs decides to suggest other Looney Tunes stars, who are likewise unable or unsuited.
In the end, Bugs offers to serve as the bunny's replacement if the work can be delayed until a week after Easter; Granny considers this unacceptable, but the Easter Bunny, apparently well, arrives, and thus Bugs's services are no longer needed. In the end, the supposed Easter Bunny reveals himself to be Daffy in an Easter bunny suit (finally getting it right), which neither surprises nor disappoints Bugs or Granny, having known all along it was Daffy.
Cast
Mel Blanc as Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck/the Easter Bunny, Porky Pig, Tweety, Sylvester, Pepé Le Pew, Yosemite Sam, and Foghorn Leghorn,
June Foray as Granny
Featured cartoons
Knighty Knight Bugs (Friz Freleng; August 23, 1958)
Hillbilly Hare (Robert McKimson; August 12, 1950)
Bully For Bugs (Chuck Jones; August 8, 1953)
Tweety's Circus (Friz Freleng; June 4, 1955)
Birds Anonymous (Friz Freleng; August 10, 1957)
For Scent-imental Reasons (Chuck Jones; November 12, 1949)
Rabbit of Seville (Chuck Jones; December 16, 1950)
Little Boy Boo (Robert McKimson; June 5, 1954)
Robin Hood Daffy (Chuck Jones; March 8, 1958)
Sahara Hare (Friz Freleng; March 26, 1955)
Home media
This special was released on DVD on February 16, 2010.
References
External links
1977 television specials
1970s American television specials
1970s animated television specials
1977 in American television
CBS television specials
Looney Tunes television specials
CBS original programming
Easter television specials
Television specials by DePatie–Freleng Enterprises
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
Bugs Bunny films
Daffy Duck films
Porky Pig films
Easter Bunny in television
Holbrook Company of Hudson, New York manufactured custom automobile bodies and their leading customer was Packard Motor Company.
Founded
Harry F Holbrook and John D Graham set up this business to make custom automobile bodies on the west side of New York City in 1908. Holbrook left the business in 1913 and Jack Graham became sole owner and began attracting more orders from Packard's New York branch. The growing order book demanded more shop space and though extra premises were found a mile away it became necessary to move bodies from one shop to the other to get them finished.
Hudson, New York
After World War I the right new location was found in 1921 about 100 miles north of New York in Hudson, New York and the factory was moved there. The Packard bodies were generally town cars and limousines but they built a line of 100 coupés for Packard. They also built some notable phaetons for display at Automobile Salons.
The New York businessmen who had provided the financial support for Holbrook were unable to continue the loans after the Wall Street crash of 1929. Holbrook entered bankruptcy in May 1930. Some Holbrook assets were bought by Rollston.
References
External links
Coachbuilders of the United States
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Luxury motor vehicle manufacturers
American companies established in 1908
Manufacturing companies established in 1908
Defunct manufacturing companies based in New York City
1908 establishments in New York (state)
Bardakçılar is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
The Desired Effect Tour is the 2015 solo concert tour by American recording artist, Brandon Flowers, who is also the lead vocalist for the rock band, The Killers. Visiting North America and Europe, the tour supported his second album, The Desired Effect. The tour received praise from both spectators and critics alike, including a five-star review by MTV.
Background
Flowers debuted lead single "Can't Deny My Love" from The Desired Effect in Guadalajara, Mexico on March 12, 2015. Two nights later he performed for Vive Latino 2015, live streamed across Mexico. Flowers had originally intended to first reveal the song in his hometown of Las Vegas but was forced to postpone the show.
Opening acts
Joywave (Europe I)
Donald Cumming (North America I)
Rey Pila (North America II & III)
Joe Pug (Europe)
Tour personnel
As of the second leg of his U.S. Tour, starting July 27, 2015 in Pittsburgh Pa, tour personnel was:
Guitar: Benji Lysaght
Bass/Guitar/Keyboards/Vocals: Jake Blanton
Guitar/Keyboards: Joel Stein
Drums: Darren Beckett
Vocals: Danielle Withers
Vocals: Erica Canales
Saxophone: Matt Berman
Trumpet: Joseph Badaczewski
Lighting Design and operation by Steven Douglas
Setlist
Additional notes
During the concerts at the O2 Academy Brixton in London, England, Flowers performed "Don't Get Me Wrong" by The Pretenders and "Between Me and You" alongside Chrissie Hynde.
During the concert at the Manchester Academy in Manchester, England, Flowers performed "Bizarre Love Triangle" by New Order alongside Bernard Sumner.
During a Huey Lewis and the News concert at the Borgata Hotel in Atlantic City, Flowers performed "Do You Believe in Love" alongside Huey Lewis and the News.
During the concert at the Usher Hall in Edinburgh, Scotland, Flowers performed a special rendition of "Only The Young" on the organ that is located within the venue.
During the concert at House of Blues in Boston, Massachusetts, Flowers performed "Heart of Gold" by Buster Poindexter with Donald Cumming.
During the concert at The Wiltern, Los Angeles, Flowers performed "Rent" by Pet Shop Boys and "Human" by The Killers with Neil Tennant.
6 shows (Charlotte, Raleigh, Norfolk, Atlanta, Orlando, and Miami) of the second North American leg were canceled due what was described at the time as unforeseen circumstances. Flowers later revealed during press tour for Wonderful Wonderful (The Killers album) that he rushed home to be with his wife who was experiencing suicidal thoughts.
Tour dates
Additionally, Brandon Flowers performed at the Royal Variety Performance at Royal Albert Hall on November 13, 2015 and at Lollapalooza Argentina & Chile on March 19 and 20, 2016, respectively.
References
External links
Brandon Flowers' official website
2015 concert tours
Brandon Flowers concert tours
