Stanton Drew is a small village and civil parish within the affluent Chew Valley in Somerset, England, situated north of the Mendip Hills, south of Bristol in the Bath and North East Somerset Unitary Authority.
Just outside the village are the prehistoric Stanton Drew stone circles. The largest of these, the Great Circle, is a henge monument and the second largest stone circle in Britain, after Avebury. The stone circle is 113 m in diameter and probably consisted of 30 stones, of which 27 survive today.
The village also has a range of listed buildings, dating from the 13th to 15th centuries, including the church of St Mary the Virgin, the Round House (Old Toll House) and various farmhouses.
The parish of Stanton Drew, which includes the hamlets of Stanton Wick, and Honey Gaston has a population of 787. Until 1947 the parish also included Belluton and part of Pensford. It includes a primary school, pubs (the Druids Arms and the Carpenters Arms at Stanton Wick), church and village hall, which is the venue for a mother and toddler group and preschool as well as various village activities. The area around the village has several dairy and arable farms on neutral to acid red loamy soils with slowly permeable subsoils. It is also a dormitory village for people working in Bath and Bristol.
History
Stanton Drew was listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Stantone, meaning 'The stone enclosure with an oak tree', from the Old English stan and tun and from the Celtic deru.
After the Norman Conquest the Lords of the Manor took their name from the village. In the reign of Henry II Robert de Stanton was succeeded by Geoffrey de Stanton. One of the family Drogo or Drew gave his name to the place to distinguish it from Stanton Prior and Stanton Wick. It subsequently came into the possession of the Choke and then the Cooper and Coates families.
The parish of Stanton Drew was part of the Keynsham A Hundred.
Coal mining
There is a long history of coal mining in the parish and the locations of many small pits are still visible in newly ploughed fields. For example the philosopher John Locke who grew up in Belluton owned land in the parish which was being exploited for coal in 1680.
During the 19th and 20th centuries there were three coal mines within the parish. The Rydons mine operated from 1808 until 1833, the Pensford Colliery operated from 1909 to 1955 and the Bromley Pit operated from 1860 - 1957. These mines formed part of the northern section of the Somerset coalfield.
Governance
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council's operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, such as the village hall or community centre, playing fields and playgrounds, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also of interest to the council.
Along with Chelwood and Clutton, Stanton Drew is part of the Clutton Ward which is represented by one councillor on the unitary authority of Bath and North East Somerset which was created in 1996, as established by the Local Government Act 1992. It provides a single tier of local government with responsibility for almost all local government functions within its area including local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection, recycling, cemeteries, crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism. It is also responsible for education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, Trading Standards, waste disposal and strategic planning, although fire, police and ambulance services are provided jointly with other authorities through the Avon Fire and Rescue Service, Avon and Somerset Constabulary and the Great Western Ambulance Service.
Bath and North East Somerset's area covers part of the ceremonial county of Somerset but it is administered independently of the non-metropolitan county. Its administrative headquarters is in Bath. Between 1 April 1974 and 1 April 1996, it was the Wansdyke district and the City of Bath of the county of Avon. Before 1974 that the parish was part of the Clutton Rural District.
The parish is represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom as part of North East Somerset. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census, the parish of Stanton Drew, had 787 residents, living in 291 households.
Landmarks
Rectory Farmhouse
The Rectory Farmhouse is a Grade II* listed building, dating from the 15th century. A barn about 35 metres west of the farmhouse dates from the same period, as does a dovecote in the grounds.
The Round House
At the northern entrance to the village before the bridge over the River Chew is a white thatched, 18th-century house which became a toll house when turnpikes were in use. It is a Grade II listed building.
The Court
The Court in Bromley Road dates from 1753 and is a Grade II* listed building. It is now used as a nursing home. The walls and piers around this property are themselves Grade II listed.
Watermill
There is some evidence of a watermill, used as a forge in the 1660s, a copper mill from 1713–1860 and then a paper mill.
Other Grade II listed buildings
There are several other listed buildings in the village, the oldest being the 15th-century Church Farmhouse.
Buildings from the 17th century include Byemills Farmhouse, Codrington Cottage, Stanton Wick Farmhouse, Parson's Farmhouse, and another cottage and attached wall near the church.
Later buildings include those from the 19th century such as: Mill Place, and its accompanying wall and piers, Rosedale, and Fern Cottage.
Bridge
The narrow limestone bridge over the River Chew is possibly 13th or 14th-century in origin with more recent repairs. The bridge spans about 12 metres, about 5 metres across footway, parapet wall to each side, about one metre high. Each side has two pointed arches with chamfered mouldings and relieving arch, central cutwater with off-sets to each side and pyramidal stone top, inner ribs to vaults; on east side, oval plaque with illegible inscription and strengthening with exposed steel girder. Ancient Monument Avon no. 162. The bridge was damaged in the Great Flood of 1968.
Religious sites
The Church of St Mary the Virgin has been a place of Christian worship for at least eight hundred years. In the north aisle is the Norman bowl of the font and further east the small turret steps behind a glass door that in earlier times led up into a rood loft. Although parts date from the 13th and 14th centuries the interior, as it is seen today, shows the work that was carried out in the mid 19th century. It is a Grade II* listed building. The Hazle, Wight Preston and several other unidentified monuments in the churchyard are also listed, along with the piers, gates and overthrow at the north-east entrance to churchyard.
Popular culture
Stanton Drew was commemorated by Adge Cutler in his popular song "When the Common Market Comes to Stanton Drew".
Written in response to opening up of trade with Europe, Adge suggests what might happen to Somerset culture when Europeans come over.
The Dancers of Stanton Drew is a song written by Jim Parker and Muriel Holland and performed by The Yetties. It tells the story of Sue and William being turned to stone after dancing on a Sunday in Stanton Drew.
"Stanton Drew in the County of Somerset
That's where the Devil played at Sue's request
They paid the price for dancing on a Sunday
Ever as stones they stand at rest"
References
External links
Stanton Drew Primary School
Stanton Drew Church
Map of Stanton Drew circa 1884
River Chew website
Somerset coalfield
Civil parishes in Somerset
Villages in Bath and North East Somerset
Epigenetics & Chromatin is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by BioMed Central that covers the biology of epigenetics and chromatin.
Scope
Epigenetics & Chromatin is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that publishes research related to epigenetic inheritance and chromatin-based interactions. First published in 2008 by BioMed Central, its overall aim is to understand the regulation of gene and chromosomal elements during the processes of cell division, cell differentiation, and any alterations in the environment. To date, 13 volumes have been published.
Usage
As of October 2020, there has been over 340,000 downloads and over 750 Altmetric mentions.
Metrics
Impact factor
According to Journal Citation Reports, it received an impact factor of 4.237 in 2019. Its current SCImago Journal Rank is 2.449.
Citation impact
Its 2-year and 5-year citation impact factor is 4.237 and 4.763, respectively. Its Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIP) is 0.896.
Editors
Its current Journal Authority Factor (JAF) is 111.5.
Editors-in-Chief
Editorial Board
Submission guidelines
Current submission guidelines are as follows:
Prior to submitting
Submitters must ensure that Epigenetics & Chromatin is the most suitable journal for the proposed article in addition to understanding of the costs, funding options, and copyright agreement associated with submission. Accuracy and readability of the manuscript must also be considered.
During the submission process
The manuscript must follow all formatting rules which authors must read, understand and accept.
After successful submission
Authors should review to peer-review policy. Authors should also be familiar with the process of manuscript transfers to a different journal, as well as how to promote the publication.
Speed of the submission process
On average, it takes 53 days to reach a decision for reviewed manuscripts and 35 days for all manuscripts. The process of acceptance takes an average of 112 days after submission. After acceptance, it takes an average of 16 days for an article to be published.
Indexing services
After successful publication in Epigenetics & Chromatin, articles are also included in:
Biological Abstracts
Chemical Abstracts (CAS)
Citebase
Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ)
Embase
EMBiology
MEDLINE
OAIster
PubMed
PubMed Central (PMC)
Science Citation Index Expanded
Scopus
SOCOLAR
Zetoc (operated by Jisc)
Notable publications
As of October 2020, the most accessed articles are:
Chromatin accessibility: a window into the genome (Tsompana & Buck, 2014)
Constitutive heterochromatin formation and transcription in mammals (Saksouk et al., 2015)
Chromatin structure and DNA damage repair (Dinant et al., 2008)
Profiling genome-wide DNA methylation (Yong et al., 2016)
Additional annotation enhances potential for biologically relevant analysis of the Illumina Infinium HumanMethylation450 BeadChip Array (Price et al., 2013)
References
External links
BioMed Central academic journals
Online-only journals
Genetics journals
Publications established in 2008
English-language journals
Creative Commons Attribution-licensed journals
Roddy Langmuir (born 8 June 1960) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics. He then trained as an architect and is now a Practice Leader at Cullinan Studio, an award-winning architectural and masterplanning practice based in London, UK.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Scottish male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Colin Barry Phipps (23 July 1934 – 10 January 2009) was a British petroleum geologist and chairman of several petroleum companies. From 1974 to 1979 he was a Labour Party Member of Parliament, but in the 1980s he joined the Social Democratic Party.
Early life and studies
Colin Barry Phipps was born in Britain on 23 July 1934 at Swansea. He attended Townfield Elementary School in Hayes, Middlesex, then Acton County Grammar School, and the Bishop Gore School, Swansea. From University College London he gained a BSc in Geology in 1955; and a PhD in Geology from the University of Birmingham in 1957.
Career
Parliament
He stood in the Walthamstow East by-election in March 1969, and lost decisively.
He served as Member of Parliament for Dudley West from February 1974 to 1979, when he stood down. His successes in the oil industry made him one of the more wealthy Labour MPs. He joined the Social Democratic Party in the 1980s, and unsuccessfully stood for election in Worcester at the 1983 general election, and Stafford in 1987.
Geology
From 1957 to 1964 Phipps worked with Shell in Venezuela, the Netherlands and the United States.
In 1964, well before North Sea oil was known about, he left Shell and became an independent geology consultant and in 1973 he founded Clyde Petroleum, which had many involvements in North Sea oil. While working with this company he was also an MP from 1974 to 1979. He became the company's Chief Executive from 1979 to 1983 and its Chairman from 1983 to 1995.
From 1989 to 2002 Phipps was Chairman of Greenwich Resources, a gold mining company. He was Chairman of the English String Orchestra (and was also involved with the English Symphony Orchestra) and Falklands Conservation from 1990 to 1992.
In 1996 he founded Desire Petroleum, remaining Chairman until his death in 2009. Although Phipps had visited the Falkland Islands in 1975, he did not become hopeful about oil prospects in the area until 2004, when a seismic survey of the geology showed considerable quantities of oil.
Personal life
In 1965 he married Marion Lawrey, and they had two sons and two daughters.
Phipps died on 10 January 2009, in a Birmingham hospital.
He owned a farm in Worcestershire.
See also
Vince Cable
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
Times obituary
Telegraph obituary
News items
Falklands oil in April 2007
1934 births
2009 deaths
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Scientists from Swansea
People educated at Acton County Grammar School
People educated at Bishop Gore School
Alumni of University College London
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Fellows of the Geological Society of London
British petroleum geologists
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
People in the petroleum industry
Social Democratic Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Before the Bat's Flight Is Done () is a 1989 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Tímár. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Gábor Máté as László
Róbert Csontos as Robi
Erika Bodnár as Teréz
Erzsi Máthé as Felszolgáló a büfében (as Máté Erzsi)
Dezső Garas as Zenetanár
Péter Andorai
Oszkár Gáti as Nyomozó
Györgyi Kari
Nóra Winkler
Anna Blazovics (as Blazsovics Anna)
Miklós Galla
György Kölgyesi (as Kölgyesy György)
Renáta Szatler
References
External links
1989 films
1989 crime drama films
Hungarian drama films
1980s Hungarian-language films
Films set in Budapest
Films directed by Péter Tímár
John Coburn (October 27, 1825 – January 28, 1908) was a United States Representative from Indiana and an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Early life and career
Coburn was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, in 1825 (the year the city became the new state capital) and attended the public schools there. Later, he attended Wabash College in Crawfordsville, Indiana, graduating in 1846. As a student, he founded the Wabash College chapter of Beta Theta Pi fraternity, the first Greek letter fraternity on the campus and in continuous existence to today. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1849, and commenced practice in Indianapolis.
Civil War
Coburn was a member of the Indiana House of Representatives in 1850. He served as a judge of the Court of Common Pleas from 1859 to 1861, when he resigned to enter the Union Army following the outbreak of the American Civil War. He became colonel of the 33rd Indiana Infantry on September 16, 1861.
He was captured in Kentucky and spent time in Libby Prison before being exchanged. Later, Coburn and Colonel Benjamin Harrison fought side by side in several battles while under General William Tecumseh Sherman's command. During that time, Coburn and his troops were the first into Atlanta and secured the city's surrender. There is a large marker in downtown Atlanta where the city's mayor surrendered the city to Coburn. He was mustered out on September 20, 1864.
On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Coburn for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866.
Coburn and his father were instrumental in saving the Indiana Historical Society and its papers in its early days. Coburn also gave one of the dedication speeches for the Indianapolis Soldiers and Sailors Monument.
He promoted the building of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphanage in Knightstown, Indiana, and he helped secure the use of land in Indianapolis for Garfield Park. His later years were spent living in the Bates-Hendricks House at 1526 S. New Jersey Street in Indianapolis with his wife Caroline (Test) Coburn until his death in 1908.
Congressional service
Coburn was appointed as the first secretary of the Territory of Montana in March 1865 but resigned at once. He was elected judge of the fifth judicial circuit of Indiana in October 1865 and resigned in July 1866. Later, he was elected as a Republican to the Fortieth and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1867 – March 3, 1875). While in Congress, he served as chairman of the Committee on Public Expenditures (41st Congress), and as a member of Committee on Military Affairs (42nd and 43rd Congresses). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1874 to the 44th Congress.
After leaving Congress, he was appointed a justice of the Supreme Court of the Territory of Montana on February 19, 1884, and served until December 1885. He returned to Indianapolis, and resumed the practice of law. He died in Indianapolis on January 28, 1908, and was buried in Crown Hill Cemetery.
See also
List of American Civil War brevet generals (Union)
Atlanta in the American Civil War
References
Retrieved on 2008-02-12
Coburn, John. An address delivered by General John Coburn, on Memorial Day, May 30, 1905. Indianapolis: Jacobs Stationery and Printing Company, 1905.
Coburn, John. Life and services of John B. Dillon. Indianapolis: The Bowen-Merrill Co., 1886.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001.
Welcher, Frank Johnson, and Larry G. Ligget. Coburn's Brigade: The 85th Indiana, 33rd Indiana, 19th Michigan, and 22nd Wisconsin in the Western Civil War. Carmel, Ind.: Guild Press of Indiana, 1999.
Specific
External links
John L. Coburn collection, Rare Books and Manuscripts, Indiana State Library
1825 births
1908 deaths
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana state court judges
Montana Territory judges
Politicians from Indianapolis
People of Indiana in the American Civil War
Union Army generals
Burials at Crown Hill Cemetery
Wabash College alumni
American Civil War prisoners of war
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Indiana
Pediatric Anesthesia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley and Sons covering research on the use of anesthetics in children. The current editor-in-chief is Andrew Davidson (University of Melbourne).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has an impact factor of 2.556 in 2020.
References
External links
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1991
English-language journals
Pediatrics journals
Wiley (publisher) academic journals
Anesthesiology and palliative medicine journals
McCroskey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
People
Richard McCroskey, convicted of the Farmville murders, Virginia in 2009
Thomas J. McCroskey (1874–1948), Mayor of Anchorage, Alaska from 1933 to 1934
Virgil T. McCroskey (1876–1970), American conservationist
Fictional characters
Steve McCroskey, a character in the 1980 comedy film Airplane!, portrayed by Lloyd Bridges
See also
McCroskey State Park in Idaho, United States
McCarey (disambiguation)
McCloskey (disambiguation)
McCray (disambiguation)
McCrea (disambiguation)
McCrory (disambiguation)
The 18th Luftwaffe Field Division () was an infantry division of the Luftwaffe branch of Nazi Germany's Wehrmacht during the Second World War. It was set up on 1 December 1942 from surplus Luftwaffe personnel and was deployed in France from February 1943 to September 1943. On September 20, 1943, the division was transferred to the army and renamed Field Division 18 (L).
See also
Luftwaffe Field Divisions
References
Luftwaffe Field Divisions
1943 establishments in Germany
1943 disestablishments in Germany
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations disestablished in 1943
Sir Rutherford Campbell Guthrie (28 November 1899 – 20 February 1990) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Donald to grazier Thomas Oliver Guthrie, brother of Senator James Guthrie, and Jenny Hannah. He attended Melbourne Grammar School and then the University of Cambridge, interrupting his studies to serve in World War I with the Royal Field Artillery. After receiving his Bachelor of Arts in 1921, he returned to Australia in 1922 and became a farmer near Linton. On 29 November 1927 he married Rhona Mary McKellar, with whom he had two sons. During World War II he served with the 9th Division's Cavalry regiment and was wounded at El Alamein. From 1946 to 1974 he served on Ripon Shire Council with three terms as president (1951–52, 1954–55, 1963–64). He also served one term (1947–50) in the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Ripon, and was Minister of Lands and Soldier Settlement from 1948 to 1950. He was state president of the Liberal and Country Party from 1956 to 1960, and was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1960. He was state treasurer of the party from 1960 to 1963 and was knighted in 1968. He retired in 1973, settling in Gisborne. Guthrie died in 1990.
References
1899 births
1990 deaths
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Australian Knights Bachelor
Australian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
20th-century Australian politicians
People from Donald, Victoria
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Field Artillery soldiers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Samuel Billingsley Hill (April 2, 1875 – March 16, 1958), was a lawyer, mayor, and U.S. congressman from eastern Washington.
Born in Franklin, Arkansas, Hill attended the common schools, the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville, and was graduated from its law department in 1898. While at the University of Arkansas, he was a member of Xi Chapter of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity.
Hill was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Danville, Arkansas. While living in Danville, the young Hill served as Mayor and was also Chairman of the Democratic Central Committee of Yell County, Arkansas. It was in Danville where Hill also began his pursuit of development of rural areas. In 1899, Hill, J.E. Wooten, and John McCarthy established the Danville Turnpike Company.
He moved west to Waterville in eastern Washington in 1904 and continued the practice of law.
Hill served as prosecuting attorney of Douglas County 1907–1911, and served as judge of the superior court for Douglas and Grant Counties 1917–1924.
Hill was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of J. Stanley Webster. During his time in the House of Representatives, Hill advocated for the funding of the Grand Coulee Dam. He was called the "Political Father of the Grand Coulee Project" by the Wenatchee Dispatch.
He was reelected to the Sixty-ninth and to the five succeeding Congresses and served from September 25, 1923, until his resignation, effective June 25, 1936, having been confirmed as a member of the United States Board of Tax Appeals (now the United States Tax Court) on May 21, 1936, serving as a judge on the court until his retirement November 30, 1953.
He died in Bethesda, Maryland, March 16, 1958.
He was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery, Washington, D.C.
References
Sources
External links
1875 births
1958 deaths
Arkansas state court judges
Judges of the United States Tax Court
United States Article I federal judges appointed by Franklin D. Roosevelt
20th-century American judges
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
University of Arkansas School of Law alumni
Members of the United States Board of Tax Appeals
People from Waterville, Washington
People from Izard County, Arkansas
Burials at Rock Creek Cemetery
The Lamar Lussi Athletic Complex, also called "the Lussi," is a multi-sport high school athletic complex in Lilburn, Georgia. It is the future home of the Providence Christian Academy Storm Football, Soccer, Softball, Track & Field, and Tennis teams. It is named for Providence Director of Encouragement Lamar Lussi, who has faithfully served the school for more than 25 years.
Project timeline
The complex was announced on November 30, 2012, at halftime, during the Storm Varsity Boys game against Our Lady of Mercy. It was also announced that the complex would be named for Lamar Lussi.
Ground was broken on May 18, 2015 and work began on drainage, retention, and leveling.
In August, September, and October, retention walls were built and concrete was poured for the track and field.
In November and December, the Fieldturf multi-purpose field was installed along with the pouring of asphalt for the tennis courts and the construction of the dugouts and net posts for the softball field.
Project components
The Complex includes:
A state of the art Fieldturf multi-purpose field for use by Soccer and Football
An eight-lane track surrounding the field with pits for field events
A full-size Softball field with dugouts and nets
6 Tennis Courts
Additional parking for athletic events
References
Buildings and structures in Gwinnett County, Georgia
Sports venues completed in 2016
Vinicius Rodolfo de Souza Oliveira (born 27 March 1995), known as Vinicius Tanque, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club CD Atlético Baleares, on loan from FC Cartagena.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Volta Redonda FC players
Atlético Clube Goianiense players
Liga Portugal 2 players
C.D. Mafra players
Segunda División B players
FC Cartagena footballers
CD Atlético Baleares footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Legislative elections were held in Guam on Tuesday, November 6, 2018, along with the election for the Guam delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives. Before the election, the Democratic Party held nine of the fifteen seats in the Legislature while the Republican Party held six seats.
The election resulted in a gain of one seat for the Democrats and a loss of one seat for Republicans. Democrats also won the race for Guam's US House Delegate.
Candidates
Democratic
Declared
Declined
Republican
Declined
Primary Election
Primary elections in Guam were held on August 25, 2018. The first 15 candidates who win the highest votes for each party will move on to the general election.
Results
Democratic primary results
Eliminated candidates
Five Democrats hopefuls were eliminated in the 2018 primaries:
Armando S. Dominguez
Maria Lourdes Milligan
Franklin James Meno
Ned Richard Pablo
William M. Parkinson
Republican Party Primary
Eliminated candidates
Four Republican hopefuls were eliminated in the 2018 primaries:
Alfredo Antonin
Javier Atalig
Jeffrey Wheaton
Ryan Jerome "RJ" Calvo
General Election
Results
The members of the legislature are elected at-large with the first 15 winning candidates elected as the new members of the legislature.
The Democratic Party picked up one seat from Republicans, leaving the composition for the next legislature at 10 Democrats and 5 Republicans. Democrat Michael F.Q. San Nicolas also won the race for Delegate.
Incoming Senators to the 35th Guam Legislature
There were 15 senators elected on November 6, 2018 to serve in the 35th Guam Legislature and were inaugurated on January 7, 2019:
Democratic
Incumbents
Freshman
Republican
Incumbents
Freshman
See also
2018 Guam gubernatorial election
2018 Guam general election
References
2018 elections in the United States
2018 in Guam
Legislative elections in Guam
2018 Guam elections
Candler Hospital is a historic 384-bed hospital currently located at 5353 Reynolds Street in Savannah, Georgia. It was originally founded in 1804 as a Seamen's Hospital and poor house and eventually became known as Savannah Hospital. It is the second oldest hospital in America in continuous operation. In 1931 the hospital was endowed by Coca-Cola founder, Asa Griggs Candler and renamed after his brother Warren Akin Candler, who led the hospital to become affiliated with the Methodist Church. Candler Hospital later merged St. Joseph's Hospital, another hospital also located in Savannah. The Candler campus is now home to the 62,000 sq ft Nancy N. and J.C Lewis Cancer & Research Pavilion, the region's National Cancer Institute selected cancer center, a national destination for cancer care. Candler Hospital also houses a Level II NICU, and the Mary Telfair Women's Hospital which offers specialized care for women.
It is included in Savannah Historic District
See also
List of the oldest hospitals in the United States
List of hospitals in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings in Savannah Historic District
References
Hospitals in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Savannah, Georgia
Savannah College of Art and Design buildings and structures
Savannah Historic District
The 2006 Turkish Grand Prix (officially the 2006 Formula 1 Petrol Ofisi Turkish Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race, held on 27 August 2006. The 58-lap race, which was the fourteenth round of the 2006 Formula One season, and the second Turkish Grand Prix, was held at Istanbul Park in Tuzla, Turkey. Felipe Massa, driving for the Ferrari team, took his first pole position, and then his first race victory. Fernando Alonso, who drove for Renault finished the race in second position and Massa's teammate Michael Schumacher occupied the final position on the podium. The race was also the first Grand Prix meeting for future quadruple world champion Sebastian Vettel, who was assigned a Friday test driver role for the BMW Sauber team. Vettel received a $1,000 fine for speeding in the pit-lane only 6 seconds after he got out onto the track.
As a consequence of the race, Fernando Alonso extended his lead in the Drivers' Championship to 12 points from Michael Schumacher. With victory, Felipe Massa retained third place in the standings, and despite closing the gap between himself and Schumacher to 34 points, it was still near impossible for him to surpass his teammate's points total. In the Constructors' Championship, Ferrari closed the gap to leaders Renault to just two points. McLaren remained in third position, 69 points behind the top two teams.
Report
Background
Prior to the Grand Prix weekend, Renault's Fernando Alonso led the Formula One World Drivers' Championship on 100 points. He held a ten-point lead over his main rival Michael Schumacher, despite retiring from the preceding race in Hungary. Ferrari teammates, Schumacher and Felipe Massa lay second and third in the standings on 90 and 52 points respectively, ahead of the second Renault of Giancarlo Fisichella and the McLaren of Kimi Räikkönen, both on 49 points.
Renault led the Constructors' Championship with 149 points, seven clear of Ferrari, while McLaren were in third position with 89 points. They were ahead of Honda F1, who sat in fourth with 52 after picking up their first and to be only victory since their return, three weeks before in Hungary. BMW Sauber completed the top five with 26 points.
Friday drivers
The bottom 6 teams in the 2005 Constructors' Championship and Super Aguri were entitled to run a third car in free practice on Friday. These drivers drove on Friday but did not compete in qualifying or the race.
Practice and qualifying
Kimi Räikkönen set the fastest time in the first free practice session, despite only completing five laps; ahead of Michael Schumacher and Jenson Button, who were both just within half a second of Räikkönen's time. In the bottom half of the order, Felipe Massa finished the session 17th and Fernando Alonso 23rd. Neither of the Williams left the garage during the session. Sebastian Vettel impressed many as he set the fastest time in the second free practice session, on his first Grand Prix weekend appearance.
The following day in qualifying, however, it was Felipe Massa who set the fastest time, taking the first pole position of his career, ahead of Schumacher by one tenth of a second. The two Renaults occupied the next row with Alonso in front of Fisichella again. Fifth spot was initially taken up by Ralf Schumacher's Toyota, before he was demoted to fifteenth for a gearbox change. This was also true for Christijan Albers, who was taken from a good sixteenth place qualifying for the Midland team, to the back of the grid. Only four hundredths of a second separated Nick Heidfeld, Button and Räikkönen qualified from sixth to eighth before all moving up a place after Ralf Schumacher's penalty. Robert Kubica and Mark Webber completed the top ten fastest times, with Christian Klien completing the top ten on the starting grid.
Race
The start of the race was affected by a multi-car accident entering the first corner. Massa, Michael Schumacher, Alonso and Fisichella all battled for position entering the first corner, with Fisichella spinning, causing a chain reaction behind him. During the chain reaction, Scott Speed collided with the McLaren of Räikkönen, causing one of Räikkönen's rear tyres to puncture. Räikkönen pitted for a new set of tyres, but soon faced a similar problem due to damaged bodywork; because of this he went straight off the outside of turn 4 and into a barrier, on the next lap. Nick Heidfeld, Fisichella, Speed and Ralf Schumacher all needed repairs from the incident, and the Midland of Tiago Monteiro was forced to retire.
On lap 13, Vitantonio Liuzzi, who had climbed to seventh place, lost control entering the first turn and spun, stalling the engine. The car was left stranded on the racing line at the exit of the corner, and the Safety Car was deployed. Massa, Schumacher, Alonso, Button, Kubica and Webber all came in to make pit stops whilst the Safety Car circulated. The first four drivers stayed at the front, but Webber and Kubica dropped to near the back of the pack. Alonso, however, was able to jump Schumacher, as his title rival was forced to 'stack' behind Massa before the mechanics could set to work on his car. The final 15 laps of the race were focused on Alonso and Michael Schumacher, who fought for second place behind Massa as part of their championship battle. Schumacher pursued Alonso for the last laps, but was unable to catch Alonso until the final corners of the final lap. Schumacher was right on the gearbox of Alonso exiting the last corner, but did not get past.
Thus, Massa took his first career Formula One victory, making it the second Grand Prix in a row with a first-time winner, following Button's win in Hungary three weeks earlier. It was the first time this had happened since 2003, when Räikkönen and Fisichella won their first victories at the consecutive Malaysian and Brazilian Grands Prix. Drivers' Championship rivals Alonso and Schumacher completed the podium. Button, de la Rosa, Fisichella, Ralf Schumacher and Rubens Barrichello completed the points-scorers and the cars on the lead lap.
Post-race
The podium display after the race caused controversy when winner Felipe Massa received the trophy from Mehmet Ali Talat, who was referred to as the "President of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus". This breakaway area of the island of Cyprus is only recognized by Turkey. The government of the Republic of Cyprus filed an official complaint with the FIA, the body governing the Formula One world championship. After investigating the incident, the FIA fined the organizers of the Grand Prix $5 million on 19 September 2006.
Classification
Qualifying
Notes
– Ralf Schumacher and Christijan Albers both received 10 place grid penalties due to engine changes.
Race
Championship standings after the race
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
Bold text indicates competitors who still had a theoretical chance of becoming World Champion.
See also
2006 Istanbul Park GP2 Series round
References
External links
Detailed Turkish Grand Prix results
Turkish Grand Prix
Turkish Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Turkish Grand Prix
Formula One controversies
Sphodromantis lineola, common name African mantis or African praying mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa
sometimes raised in captivity. It may be distinguished from Sphodromantis baccettii by the absence of blue-black spots on its forearms.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
lineola
Mantodea of Africa
Insects described in 1838
The 2009 Falken Tasmania Challenge was the fourth race meeting of the 2009 V8 Supercar Championship Series. It contained Races 7 and 8 of the series and was held on the weekend of May 29–31 at Symmons Plains Raceway, near Launceston, in northern Tasmania.
Rule change
The new race formats for 2009 saw a 100-kilometre race held as Race 7 on Saturday, with a 200-kilometre race held on Sunday as Race 8.
Race 7
The first race was held on Saturday May 30. Garth Tander was able to break the year-long stranglehold Team Vodafone has held on the 2009 series, taking a narrow victory over Russell Ingall after an innovative use of tyre tactics saw Ingall get much better tyre life out of his set of soft, sprint, tyres. Instead of changing tyres at his pitstop to a set of the harder, slow tyres, Ingall rotated his tyres, swapping the tyres diagonally front/rear and left/right, giving him the best grip of any of the front runners in the races late stages and it was only Tander's ability to put lapped traffic between himself and Ingall that gave the Holden Racing Team driver the race victory.
Steven Johnson continued his best ever V8 Supercar season with a third place, and best of the Ford drivers. It was Johnson's second podium result of the year after claiming third at Race 4 at the Hamilton 400. Will Davison backed up Tander's win in fourth place, making it the best day of the season for HRT ahead of Todd Kelly, his best result of the year to date, and Stone Brothers race Shane van Gisbergen. teammates Craig Lowndes and Jamie Whincup followed with a much improved Greg Murphy ninth and a disappointing Lee Holdsworth scraping into the top ten.
James Courtney had a miserable day, involved in several on track skirmishes, including receiving a puncture and pitting on the very lap that his teammate Steven Johnson was already in the pits having his scheduled pitstop, forcing Courtney to lose yet more time waiting for his team to service Johnson's #17 Ford. He finished, but finished last on a day when all 30 cars saw the chequered flag. His championship hopes are effectively extinguished and his hopes for a good season will now hinge on his ability to win races.
Race 8
Race 8 was held on Sunday May 31.
Results
Qualifying Race 7
Race 7
Qualifying Race 8
Race 8
* Penalties were applied to Tim Slade and Marcus Marshall. Slade was relegated from ninth to 14th. Marshall was relegated from 22nd to 24th.
Standings
After Round 4 of 14
References
External links
Official series website
Official timing and results
Falken Tasmania Challenge
May 2009 sports events in Australia
Magkasangga 2000 (International title: Ultracop 2000) is a 1995 Philippine-Hong Kong action sci-fi film directed by Phillip Ko, Joe Mari Avellana and Johnny Wood. The film stars Ricky Davao, Cynthia Luster and Monsour del Rosario.
The film is streaming online on YouTube.
Plot
Set in the year 2000, interplanetary outlaw Zorback ignores the Universal Treaty by traveling to Earth to wreak havoc. The Ultracops, led by Superintendent Nuñez, are the only ones who can stop him.
Cast
Ricky Davao as Tony Braganza
Cynthia Luster as Trishia Marks
Monsour del Rosario as Jared
Eddie Gutierrez as Superintendent Nuñez
Gabriel Romulo as Zorbak
Charlie Davao as Tecson
Phillip Ko as Benny Gabaldon
Melvin Wong as Drago
Bernardo Bernardo as Ador
Jaime Fabregas as Prof. Duval
Elenor Academea as Elenor
Rando Almanzor as Russel McBean
Larissa Ledesma as Gina Braganza
Jimmy Ko as Jimmy
James Hermogenes as Allan Corpuz
Bhong Villegas as Ronnie
References
External links
Full Movie on Solar Pictures
1995 films
Filipino-language films
1990s English-language films
1990s Cantonese-language films
Hong Kong science fiction action films
Philippine science fiction action films
Philippine multilingual films
Hong Kong multilingual films
1995 action films
1995 science fiction films
Harvest International Films films
1995 multilingual films
1990s science fiction action films
1990s Hong Kong films
Knockers Up! is the second album released by American comedian Rusty Warren in 1960 by the independent record label Jubilee Records. The album became a financial success, lasting on the Billboard Top 200 charts for more than three years. The album consists of a live recording of one of Warren's performances at the Golden Falcon from Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Dealing with themes of women's infidelity, sex work, and sexual freedom from a woman's perspective, Knockers Up! is notable for its forward-thinking concepts that would later become popular in the Sexual Revolution, with Warren herself later being called "The Mother of the Sexual Revolution".
Background
After Warren's first album, Songs for Sinners, was successfully released in January 1959, she went on a tour with her record producer Jerry Blaine, co-founder of Jubilee Records. Afterward, Warren and Blaine started working on promoting her second album Knockers Up!.
Musical content
Knockers Up! is a comedy album that deals with themes of sex, with various songs exploring themes and jokes that weren't typical of female comedians at the time. Describing her record as always being “a shared experience”, that meant to be played in a room with friends, the comedic aspect of the album consists of Warren poking fun at traditional concepts of marriage and gender roles, noting the stress of married life and the loss of sexual freedom. The title track encourages women to express their sexuality, with Warren stating “we do have something to give” in regards to sexual topics in society.
Reception
Commercial performance
The album was a commercial success. By the end of 1962, 1.5 million copies were sold, and it remained in top ten on the album charts for a year. Billboard 1963 edition listed Knockers Up! as one of the nation's #1 comedy albums. The album debuted at no. 31 on November 7, 1960. Knockers Up! was the No. 6 album of the year.
Critical reception
Knockers Up! and Warren received a mixed reception as a whole. American columnist Dick Kleiner reflected on Warren's work by stating “Her material isn't really blue - you might call it baby blue - it isn't abnormal or sick,” while a negative review of Warren herself for Time magazine in 1963 stated that Warren and her audience “all seem at home in a barn.” Warren mentioned that she received the most support from the women audience and the "Knockers Up Club Members." They would come to see Warren's shows with their families and neighbors.
Legacy/influence
Rusty Warren, as well as her album Knockers Up!, was known for leading the charge in the sexual revolution at the time. She is well known for her comedy and her musical numbers. Warren had a way of normalizing sexual topics like the intimate relationship of a married couple. She also exposed the new suburban way of life and its secrets. She left many people surprised and stunned by her style of comedy. Warren was groundbreaking in the fields of women's comedy and sexualized comedy. She used tactics like discussing certain situations in a brutally honest or sarcastic way to make her jokes. She would even call out the audience. When people heard her on stage use vulgar language with ease it left a lasting impression, paving the way for more adult comedy. She grew an impressive fan club mainly sprouting from the Knockers Up! March song. The fan club was a diverse group of people, 70,000 strong.
Warren later reflected on the creation of the Knockers Up! march:
I was telling the gals to 'get your knockers up' and let's show the guys we have something to give in this world today.
She started playing march encouraging women in the audience to lift their chests up as a sign of their power.
Track listing
The following was the original track listing for the first vinyl pressing of the album in 1960.
Side one
Side two
References
External links
http://www.rustywarren.com/index.html
1960 live albums
Jubilee Records albums
Sexual revolution
1960s comedy albums
Live comedy albums
USS Bruce (DD-329) was a in the United States Navy following World War I.
Namesake
Frank Bruce was born on 20 August 1879 in Grand Island, Nebraska. He entered the United States Navy as a boatswain on 6 February 1898 and was commissioned a lieutenant (temporary) on 1 July 1918. He commanded during the North Sea Mine Barrage Sweep and was killed when a mine exploded 17 May 1919.
History
Bruce was first launched on 20 May 1920 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, San Francisco, California, sponsored by Mrs. Annie Bruce, the widow of Lieutenant Bruce. The vessel was commissioned on 29 September 1920.
Bruce operated out of San Diego, California during her first year of service on engineering, gunnery, and torpedo exercises, and maneuvered with Squadron 5, Pacific Fleet. In November 1921 her home port was changed to Boston, Massachusetts and she reported to Division 27, Scouting Fleet. Her schedule of employment during succeeding years was the established routine of practice and fleet maneuvers. In December 1924 her commanding officer also assumed command of Destroyer Division 27. Her home yard was changed from Boston to Norfolk Navy Yard in June 1925. On 17 June, with her division, she sailed for duty with United States Naval Forces Europe. During the next year, naval forces operating in European waters cooperated with the State Department as a stabilizing influence in troubled regions and as security for American citizens living in these areas.
Upon her return to Norfolk Navy Yard she operated along the eastern seaboard and in Cuban and Haiti waters until March 1927. In March she participated in the Fleet Tactical Problem held at Colón, Panama, followed by the Fleet concentration along the Atlantic coast. During that summer she made training cruises with Naval Reservists along the northeastern seaboard. During 1928 and 1929 she continued to participate in fleet maneuvers and exercises along the east coast. On 11 June 1928, three civilian employees of the Norfolk Navy Yard were scalded to death while working in the number boiler room.
In September 1929 Bruce put in at Philadelphia Navy Yard, where on 1 May 1930, she was decommissioned. She was later towed to Norfolk Navy Yard where she was used for experimental strength tests, before scrapping. Her salvage metal was sold in August 1932.
References
External links
Navsource
Clemson-class destroyers
Ships built in San Francisco
1920 ships
West Malling railway station (sometimes shown as West Malling for Kings Hill) lies to the east of West Malling, Kent, England, and is close to Kings Hill, Larkfield and Leybourne. It is down the line from .
The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by Southeastern.
History
Malling station opened on 1 June 1874, as part of the Maidstone Line from to Maidstone. It was renamed West Malling on 23 May 1949. The goods yard had four sidings, one of which served a good shed. Freight facilities were withdrawn on 19 May 1964. The signal box closed on 9 December 1983.
The ticket office at the station is staffed for most of the day. There are self-service Scheidt and Bachmann ticket machines on both platforms. A PERTIS passenger-operated ticket machine was once located on Platform 1 for the issue of 'Permit to Travel' tickets (which are exchanged on-train or at staffed stations for travel tickets) but this was withdrawn some years ago.
Nu-Venture bus 123 provides a regular link to/from Kings Hill (some journeys via West Malling) on Mondays to Fridays (not late evening). Through road-rail ticketing using Bus 123 is available to 'KINGS HILL BUS' from rail stations in SE England.
Services
All services at West Malling are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to
1 tph to via , and
During the peak hours and on Saturdays, the station is served by an additional hourly service between London Victoria and Ashford International, increasing the service to 2 tph in each direction. There are also a small number of services to and from London Blackfriars.
References
References
Sources
External links
Railway stations in Kent
Former London, Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1874
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1874 establishments in England
West Malling
Gronau () is a town and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Leine, approx. 15 km southwest of Hildesheim, and 35 km south of Hanover. Since 1 November 2016, the former municipalities Banteln, Betheln, Brüggen, Despetal and Rheden are part of the municipality Gronau.
Gronau is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Leinebergland.
Honiton (UK) is twinned with Gronau.
Personalities
Armin Kaufmann (1922-1985), born in Banteln, lawyer and university lecturer
Jürgen Mlynek (born 1951), physicist
References
External links
Hildesheim (district)
Members of the Hanseatic League
Rhamnus globosa, the lokao, is a species of plant in the family Rhamnaceae.
References
globosa
Gabriel Antonio Viera Júnior (born November 14, 1977 in Sorocaba, Brazil) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for General Caballero of the Primera División in Paraguay.
Teams
General Caballero 2011–present
References
Profile at BDFA
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
General Caballero Sport Club footballers
Expatriate footballers in Paraguay
Association footballers not categorized by position
An all-time Universiade medal table from 1959 Summer Universiade to 2019 Summer Universiade and 1960 Winter Universiade to 2019 Winter Universiade, is tabulated below. The table is the consequence of the sum of the medal tables of the various editions of the Summer Universiade and the Winter Universiade. The results code are attributed to the IOC country code.
Doping
The outcomes of doping cases have resulted in changes to this medal table.
Summer Universiade
As of 2019 Summer Universiade.
Winter Universiade
As of 2019 Winter Universiade.
Combined Total
Last updated after the 2019 Summer Universiade.
See also
List of Universiade medals by host nation
All-time Olympic Games medal table
All-time Paralympic Games medal table
All-time Youth Olympic Games medal table
References
External links
FISU web site
Universiade
medal table
Mother is the first solo studio album by American singer Natalie Maines. It was released on May 7, 2013.
Background
Mother is Natalie Maines' first album since the Dixie Chicks' Grammy-sweeping Taking the Long Way in 2006, and comes ten years after the Dixie Chicks were boycotted and banned by country radio for Maines' criticism of U.S. President George W. Bush in 2003. In her seven-year absence from the recording industry, Maines expressed a lack of interest in modern country music.
In June 2012, Maines announced the project on a Howard 100 News broadcast, stating, "I'm making an album, I think." On October 6, she confirmed on Twitter that it would be a rock album, and her first without the Dixie Chicks. Recording completed on December 19. It will include both original music and covers.
The title track, a cover of Pink Floyd's "Mother", debuted on the West of Memphis soundtrack on January 15, 2013. On February 27, Maines and the album's producer Ben Harper performed songs from the album in a private concert at The Troubadour.
The vinyl LP version of the record was pressed by United Record Pressing in Nashville, Tennessee.
Critical reception
Mother has received mostly positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews and ratings from mainstream critics, the album received a metascore of 70, based on 10 reviews. At Daily News, Jim Farber called it "a flat-out masterpiece, an ideal match of singer and songs that moves Maines from being a skilled and decorative singer into one of the most emotive vocalists of our time." Kyle Anderson of Entertainment Weekly evoked that the release is "full of muscular blues riffs and slide guitar, with nary a banjo breakdown — Natalie Maines is still going to bat for underdogs." At Paste, Philip Cosores proclaimed that "Mother is a good, at times even great, start to a solo recording identity for Natalie Maines, but lacks only in the listener's greatest desire, to learn more about Maines." Sean Daly of Tampa Bay Times wrote that "if Mother isn't exactly a saucy return to her robust Dixie days, neither is she withdrawing into obtuse, difficult songs that muted her elastic voice like a shroud." At USA Today, Edna Gunderson called the album "a collection of buffed roots-rock that veers sharply from the cheery twang that sent Maines, Martie Maguire and Emily Robison into the sales stratosphere." Maines' cover of "Mother" was praised by critic Ann Powers of NPR Music for its "unadorned singing" and "tender" interpretation of a vulnerable mother, in contrast to Roger Waters' "prissy and cruel" mother.
However, AllMusic's Tom Jurek found that "the set's overly polished production and the scattershot curation of the material makes it feel like more like just a haphazard collection of songs than a cohesive album." At Rolling Stone, Jody Rosen criticized the album because "too often, the music feels a bit limp, and the buttery harmony backups of her fellow Dixie Chicks are sorely missed." David Burger of The Salt Lake Tribune stated that for fans "looking for the fun country shown by the Dixie Chicks will find primarily rock-influenced production that is serious to the point of dry earnestness." Slant Magazine's Jonathan Keefe wrote that "however welcome it may be to hear her voice again, it's ultimately her decision to play things so safe that keeps Mother from being a wholly satisfying return."
Track listing
Personnel
Kyle Crusham – electric guitar, keyboards
Ben Harper – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, percussion, slide guitar, background vocals
Jaya Harper – background vocals
Jesse Ingalls – bass guitar, keyboards
Tom Loo – cello
Natalie Maines – lead vocals, background vocals
Jason Mozersky – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Joel Pargman – violin
Jordan Richardson – drums, background vocals
Oleg Schramm – organ
Aaron Sterling – drums
Charts
References
2013 debut albums
Albums produced by Ben Harper
Columbia Records albums
Natalie Maines albums
Landkreditt is a Norwegian cooperative financial group established in 1915.
The group consists of Landkreditt Bank, Landkreditt Forvaltning, Landkreditt Finans, Landkreditt Boligkreditt, Landkreditt Invest and Landkredittgården. Landkreditt Bank opened in 2002 as a self-service internet bank, with focus on both private- and businessmarket. Most of the business customers are part of the primary industry. The banks total assets is approximately 15,2 billion NOK.
References
External links
Landkreditt Bank
Banks of Norway
1915 establishments in Norway
Shlomo HaKohen ben Eliezer of Lissa (18th century) was a rabbi and biblical commentator. He wrote the supercommentary Avi Ezer on the commentary of Abraham ibn Ezra on the Pentateuch. Titled in Hebrew Beor Dikdukkei Ha-Rava, first printed in Posen 1802, later reprinted in Mikraot Gedolot, Vilna, 1874, and next reprinted in the Mikraot Gedolot, Lemberg, 1881. It is now included in some versions of the Mikraot Gedolot.
References
Kohanim writers of Rabbinic literature
18th-century Polish–Lithuanian rabbis
Enoch Steen (February 22, 1800 – January 22, 1880) was a United States military officer and western explorer. He joined the United States Army in 1832, serving at posts throughout the United States, including many remote locations in the west. During his military service, Steen explored parts of the western United States including large areas of southern New Mexico and southeastern Oregon. He served as the commander of several Union Army forts during the American Civil War. Today, there are landmarks in Oklahoma, Oregon, and New Mexico named in his honor; however, many of the place names are misspelled as Stein.
Early life
Steen was born on 22 February 1800 in Harrodsburg, Kentucky. His parents were Frederick Steen and Katherine Rector Steen. He was the third of five children. His family moved to Missouri when he was young. Growing up on the American frontier, Steen became a well known woodsman and hunter. As a young man, Steen worked as a surveyor before joining the volunteer Mounted Rangers as a second lieutenant on 16 July 1832.
Junior officer duty
Steen transferred to the United States Army's 1st United States Dragoons as a second lieutenant on 19 September 1833. He was one of the initial cadre of officers to stand up this historic cavalry unit. In 1834, he was stationed at 1st Dragoon headquarters at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. In 1835, he accompanied Colonel Henry Dodge on an expedition up the Platte River, following its south fork to the Rocky Mountains and then returning by way of Bent's Fort, the Arkansas River, and the Santa Fe Trail. Later that year, Steen joined Colonel Stephen W. Kearny on an expedition along the Platte and then east to the Missouri River, meeting with Potawatomi Indians at Council Bluffs before returning to Fort Leavenworth.
Steen was promoted to first lieutenant on 5 March 1836 and then captain on 31 December 1840. While the record is not clear, it appears Steen was stationed at Fort Gibson in the Indian Territory during this period. It is known that he dispatched a detachment of dragoons from that location to escort a wagon train to Santa Fe in 1843.
Steen began the Mexican War as a captain. He departed San Antonio, Texas on 29 September 1846, leading two companies of dragoons assigned to escort General John E. Wool and his staff to the front in Mexico. During the Battle of Buena Vista on 23 February 1847, Steen led a detachment of cavalry in a charge against a large body of Mexican lancers who were attempting to capture a United States Army supply train. Steen's attack broke and dispersed the Mexican lancer formation, saving the Army's supplies. Steen was severely wounded during the battle, earning a brevet promotion to major for personal gallantry and meritorious conduct. Steen's brevet promotion was effective as of 23 February 1847, the day of the battle.
New Mexico
In the summer of 1849, Steen escorted a civilian party from Fort Leavenworth to Santa Fe in New Mexico Territory. After completing his escort duty, he established and commanded an Army outpost at Doña Ana in southern New Mexico. From there, Steen with a detachment of 50 cavalrymen tracked a band of Mimbres Apache raiders to the Santa Rita copper mines. Steen and his men engaged and defeated the Indians on 16 August 1849. However, Steen was badly wounded during the battle. This was the first military engagement between the United States Army and Apache warriors.
In June 1850, Steen led an expedition through the Organ Mountains, around the southern edge of the White Sands desert area and into Mescalero Apache country when he ran into a superior Indian force, and he withdrew to Doña Ana. Based on his reconnaissance, Steen recommended that an Army post be established near the Santa Rita mines. The Army agreed with Steen's recommendation, and Fort Webster was established in 1852. Steen was assigned as the fort's first commander.
However, before taking command, Steen was sent back east to lead 183 Army recruits to New Mexico for duty. Steen finally took command of Fort Webster on 7 April 1853. Shortly after taking command, he successfully negotiated peace treaties with Mangas Colorado, head chief of the Mimbreno Apaches and Victorio, war chief of the Mimbreno Apaches. In May 1853, Steen escorted William Carr Lane from Fort Webster to the Gila River. It was probably during this trip that Steins Peak and Stein's Pass in southwestern New Mexico acquired their place names. Both were important reference points for frontier travelers. Steen was promoted to the permanent grade of major on 15 July 1853.
While he was on leave the post of Fort Webster was abandoned, and Fort Thorn opened on the Rio Grande. Upon his return in May 1854 Steen took command of that post until December. In 1856, Steen negotiated an agreement with Cochise, chief of the Chiricahua Apaches, allowing settlers to cross Apache land while traveling to California.
In 1857, Steen helped establish Camp Moore near present-day Rio Rico, Arizona. In 1858, Steen established Fort Buchanan in the newly acquired Gadsden Purchase (near present-day Sonoita, Arizona), and became the post's first commander. He hoped the outpost would deter Chiricahua Apache raids in the Sonoita Valley area. Later that year, he escorted a survey party led by Lieutenant Edward Beale along a proposed road route from Fort Smith, Arkansas to the Colorado River. During the trip, Steen's Buttes in Caddo County, Oklahoma was named in his honor. Steen then led six companies of cavalry into Utah as the Mormon War was coming to a close.
Oregon
By 1860, Steen was posted in Oregon. On 28 March of that year, General William S. Harney ordered him to lead an expedition from Fort Dalles to Harney Lake, a distance of . Steen's party followed the Walla Walla road to the mouth of the Deschutes River. He then turned south passing through the Ochoco highlands and the Trout Creek area before exploring the upper Deschutes River country. Near Pilot Butte, Steen turned east toward Harney Lake conducting road survey work along the way. While en route, another Army survey party led by Captain Andrew J. Smith was attacked by Indians north of Harney Lake. Steen immediately abandoned his survey work and proceeded to the Harney Lake where he joined Smith and his party. To protect the survey teams in the area, Steen established Camp Union on Silver Creek, north of Harney Lake.
On a reconnaissance expedition from Camp Union, Steen explored the country along the Donner und Blitzen River, south of Harney Lake. After a skirmish with Paiute Indians in that area, he chased the Indians over a rugged peak that Hudson's Bay Company trapper, John Work, called Snow Mountain. After Steen and his men crossed the mountain in pursuit of the Indians, the peak became known as Steens Mountain.
In late 1860, Steen was given command of Fort Walla Walla in the Washington Territory. He remained there until the outbreak of the American Civil War.
Civil War
In April 1861, Confederate force attacked Fort Sumter, initiating the Civil War. On 3 August 1861, Steen was assigned to the 1st Cavalry Regiment and ordered to return to the east coast. On 28 September, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel, reassigned to the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, and posted to Cantonment Holt near Washington, D.C.. Steen remained there until June 1862, when he was sent to Fort Craig in the New Mexico Territory.
While Steen remained loyal to the Union, his son, Alexander Early Steen, served as a brigadier general in the Confederate Army. He was killed on 7 December 1862 at the Battle of Prairie Grove in Arkansas.
In March 1863, Steen was reassigned to Benton Barracks in Missouri. On 23 September 1863, he was officially retired from the Army at Benton Barracks, for incapacity resulting from long and faithful service and wounds received in the line of duty. However, Steen continued to serve on active duty in various capacities. On 30 September 1863, he was placed in command of the Union Army's fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, overlooking New York Harbor. In 1866, Steen was sent to the Colorado Territory to command Fort Lyon.
Later life
When Congress passed a law prohibiting retired officers from serving on active duty, Steen left the Army. He settled on a farm in Jackson County, Missouri. Steen died at his Jackson County home on 22 January 1880. He is buried at Mount St. Mary's Cemetery in Kansas City, Missouri.
Legacy
Steen played an important part in the history of the western United States, leading military expeditions through large areas of the west. As a result of his early explorations, there are landmarks in Oklahoma, Oregon, and New Mexico named in his honor.
In Oklahoma's Caddo County, a group of three of sandstone hills were named Steen's Buttes by Lieutenant Edward Beale whose survey team was escorted by cavalry under Major Steen's command.
The most prominent landmark that bears Steen's name is Steens Mountain in Harney County, Oregon. With a summit, Steens Mountain is the highest peak in southeastern Oregon. The mountain extends over north to south. As a result, it is often mistaken for mountain range rather than a single peak. Another Oregon landmark named in honor of Steen is Steins Pillar. It is a high rock column in the Ochoco Mountains of central Oregon. Because of an overhanging ledge near its summit, the pillar was not successfully climbed until 1950.
There is also ghost town in New Mexico named Steins. The town site is located just off Interstate 10 in Hidalgo County. It was originally called Stein's Pass after the nearby pass through the Peloncillo Mountains, where Steen camped in 1856 while exploring the Gadsden Purchase. The town was founded in 1880 as a fueling stop for the Southern Pacific Railroad. In the early 1900s, the town had 1,300 residents; however, the population slowly declined until the town disappeared.
In southwest New Mexico, there are two mountains and a stream named in Steen's honor. Steins Mountain is located northwest of the Steins town site. The summit of Steins Mountain is above sea level. Stein Peak is located to the northwest of Stein's Mountain. Its summit elevation is . Both mountains are part of the Peloncillo Range. Steins Creek begins on the southern slope of Steins Mountain and flows southwest across the New Mexico border into Arizona.
References
1800 births
1880 deaths
People from Harrodsburg, Kentucky
People from Jackson County, Missouri
Union Army officers
American people of the Indian Wars
Explorers of Oregon
Crook County, Oregon
Harney County, Oregon
History of Doña Ana County, New Mexico
History of Hidalgo County, New Mexico
"Can't Leave 'em Alone" is a R&B song recorded by American singer Ciara and rapper 50 Cent for Ciara's second album, Ciara: The Evolution (2006). Written by Ciara, LaShawn Daniels, Rodney Jerkins, and 50 Cent, it is the fourth release and official third single from the album (see 2007 in music). It was solicited to Mainstream Urban radio stations on June 12, 2007 and Rhythmic stations on July 10, 2007.
The song is a 1980s-inspired mid-tempo ballad, featuring the 808 drums. Ciara described it as a "big record", and said that she invited 50 Cent for "some kind of flavor". It was originally titled "Dope Boys".
Background
"Can't Leave 'em Alone", along with "That's Right", was originally a contender to be the second US and first worldwide single from the album, and a poll was posted on Ciara's MySpace page to have fans help her decide, but the other contender "Like a Boy" was chosen over both songs. Later, "My Love" was confirmed to be the third US single, while "That's Right" would serve as the third internationally, but "Can't Leave 'em Alone" replaced both songs.
Composition
"Can't Leave 'em Alone" is an ode to the hood boys anchored by a pair of verses from 50 Cent, featuring an "easy groove".
Critical reception
"Can't Leave 'em Alone" received mixed reviews from music critics. Contactmusic.com published "Can't Leave 'em Alone" is a "mouth-watering smouldering smoothed groove", with the reviewer going on to say that it should have been the first single, and that It has "cross over potential that we see from Nelly & Kelly Rowland ["Dilemma"]" and is "simply another Darkchild classic". Ken Barnes of USA TODAY called the song "pop-soul confection". Other reviewers were more critical of the song. Cibula of PopMatters published that it is "a very bad pop-lite song" and criticized the use of 50 Cent as a sexy bad boy. Christian Hoard of Rolling Stone published "Ciara's still prone to diva blandness and silly little pop songs, which drags down the 50 Cent feature 'Can't Leave 'em Alone' ". Makkadah Selah of The Village Voice called the song "lifeless".
Chart performance
"Can't Leave 'em Alone" was a moderate success in the US. Six weeks after its official release, The single debuted at 90 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song climbed the charts slowly with moderate airplay and digital sales. It eventually reached its peak at number 40. It also peaked at number 24 on the Hot 100 Airplay. It became Ciara's tenth top ten single on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and peaked in the top twenty of the Rhythmic Top 40. The single was never sent to mainstream radio formats and failed to chart on the Pop 100. Despite its lackluster performance at radio, the single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over 500,000 digital copies in the United States.
In international markets, "Can't Leave 'em Alone" debuted at number 40 and peaked at number four, becoming Ciara's fifth top ten single in New Zealand. The song failed to chart in the United Kingdom, reaching a disappointing number 115. The single peaked at low positions in China, Germany, and Poland.
Music video
The Fat Cats directed video was shot on June 9, 2007 and June 10, 2007 in Atlanta, Georgia. Three screen shots from the music video were released on June 14, 2007, while a fourth screen shot featuring her and 50 Cent was released on June 27, 2007. The video was scheduled to premiere on Yahoo! Music on June 25, but it was changed to July 2, 2007.
The video reached number one on 106 & Park.
Live performances
Ciara performed "Can't Leave 'em Alone" with 50 Cent at the 2007 World Music Awards on November 24, 2007.
Formats and track listings
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Can't Leave 'Em Alone".
Maxi single Digital download
"Can't Leave 'em Alone" featuring 50 Cent
"Love You Better"
Extended play
"Can't Leave 'em Alone" featuring 50 Cent
"Can't Leave 'em Alone (Kookie Remix)" featuring 50 Cent
"Can't Leave 'em Alone (Wideboys Remix)" featuring 50 Cent
"Can't Leave 'em Alone (Reavers Remix)" featuring 50 Cent
Personnel
Recorded by Jeff Villanueva at 2nd Floor Studios, Atlantic City, New Jersey & Joshua Charvokas at Chung King Studios, New York City
Engineered by Gilbert Fuentes
Mixed by Phil Tan at Soapbox Studios, Atlanta, Georgia
Assisted by Josh Houghkirk
All music by Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins
Vocals produced by Ciara Harris, LaShawn Daniels and Rodney Jerkins
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2000s ballads
2006 songs
2007 singles
50 Cent songs
Ciara songs
Pop ballads
Song recordings produced by Rodney Jerkins
Songs written by Ciara
Songs written by 50 Cent
Songs written by Rodney Jerkins
Songs written by LaShawn Daniels
Koyunlu, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Edward "Kid" Ory (December 25, 1886 – January 23, 1973) was an American jazz composer, trombonist and bandleader. One of the early users of the glissando technique, he helped establish it as a central element of New Orleans jazz.
He was born near LaPlace, Louisiana and moved to New Orleans on his 21st birthday, to Los Angeles in 1910 and to Chicago in 1925. The Ory band later was an important force in reviving interest in New Orleans jazz, making radio broadcasts on The Orson Welles Almanac program in 1944, among other shows. In 1944–45, the group made a series of recordings for the Crescent label, which was founded by Nesuhi Ertegun for the express purpose of recording Ory's band.
Ory retired from music in 1966 and spent his last years in Hawaii.
Biography
Ory was born in 1886 to a Louisiana French-speaking family of Black Creole descent, on Woodland Plantation in Laplace, now the site of 1811 Kid Ory Historic House. Ory started playing music with homemade instruments in his childhood, and by his teens was leading a well-regarded band in southeast Louisiana. He kept LaPlace as his base of operations because of family obligations until his twenty-first birthday, when he moved his band to New Orleans.
Ory was a banjo player during his youth, and it is said that his ability to play the banjo helped him develop "tailgate", a particular style of playing the trombone with a rhythmic line underneath the trumpets and cornets. His use of glissando helped establish it as a central element of New Orleans Jazz.
When Ory was living on Jackson Avenue, he was discovered by Buddy Bolden, playing his first new trombone, instead of an old Civil War trombone. Ory's sister said he was too young to play with Bolden.
He moved his six-piece band to New Orleans in 1910. Ory had one of the best-known bands in New Orleans in the 1910s, hiring many of the great jazz musicians of the city, including the cornetists Joe "King" Oliver, Mutt Carey, and Louis Armstrong, who joined the band in 1919; and the clarinetists Johnny Dodds and Jimmie Noone.
In 1919, he moved to Los Angeles—one of several New Orleans musicians to do so at the time—and he recorded there in 1922 with a band that included Mutt Carey, the clarinetist and pianist Dink Johnson, and the string bassist Ed Garland. Garland and Carey were long-time associates who would still be playing with Ory during his 1940s comeback. While in Los Angeles, Ory and his band recorded two instrumentals, "Ory's Creole Trombone" and "Society Blues", as well as a number of songs. They were the first jazz recordings made on the West Coast by an African American jazz band from New Orleans, Louisiana. His band recorded with Nordskog Records; Ory paid Nordskog for the pressings and then sold them with his own label, "Kid Ory's Sunshine Orchestra", at Spikes Brothers Music Store in Los Angeles.
In 1925, Ory moved to Chicago, where he was very active, working and recording with Louis Armstrong, Jelly Roll Morton, Oliver, Johnny Dodds, Bessie Smith, Ma Rainey, and many others. He mentored Benny Goodman and, later, Charles Mingus. He was said to have attempted to take trombone lessons from a "German guy" who played in the Chicago symphony, but Ory was turned away after a few lessons. Ory was a member of the original lineup of Louis Armstrong's Hot Five which first recorded on November 12, 1925. His composition "Muskrat Ramble" was included in the Hot Five sessions in February 1926.
During the Great Depression Ory retired from music and did not play again until 1943. He ran a chicken farm in Los Angeles, California. From 1944 to about 1961, he led one of the top New Orleans–style bands of the period. His sidemen during this period included, In addition to Carey and Garland, the trumpeters Alvin Alcorn and Teddy Buckner; the clarinetists Darnell Howard, Jimmie Noone, Albert Nicholas, Barney Bigard, and George Probert; the pianists Buster Wilson, Cedric Haywood, and Don Ewell; and the drummer Minor Hall. All but Buckner, Probert, and Ewell were originally from New Orleans.
The Ory band was an important force in reviving interest in New Orleans jazz, making popular 1940s radio broadcasts—among them spots on The Orson Welles Almanac program (beginning March 15, 1944). In 1944–45, the group made a series of recordings for the Crescent label, which was founded by Nesuhi Ertegun for the express purpose of recording Ory's band.
During the late 1940s and early 1950s, Ory and his group appeared at the Beverly Cavern in Los Angeles. In 1958, he played at 'On the levee' on the waterfront at San Francisco.
Personal life
Ory retired from music in 1966, and spent his last years in Hawaii, with the assistance of Trummy Young. Ory died of pneumonia and a heart attack in Honolulu. He was buried at Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City, California. He had a wife named Elizabeth.
Ory was Catholic, baptized at St Peter Church in Reserve, Louisiana.
Legacy
In 2021, the 1811 Kid Ory Museum House opened on the site of Woodland Plantation in LaPlace, Louisiana, which is in the National Register of Historic Places of the United States. The museum is dedicated both to the 1811 German Coast uprising of enslaved people and to Ory.
Partial discography
1950 Kid Ory and His Creole Dixieland Band (Columbia)
1951 At the Beverly Cavern (Sounds)
1953 Live at Club Hangover, Vol. 1 (Dawn Club)
1953 Creole Jazz Band at Club Hangover (Storyville)
1954 Live at Club Hangover, Vol. 3 (Dawn Club)
1954 Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band (Good Time Jazz)
1954 Creole Jazz Band (Good Time Jazz)
1954 Kid Ory's Creole Band/Johnny Wittwer Trio (Jazz Man)
1955 Sounds of New Orleans, Vol. 9 (Storyville)
1956 Kid Ory in Europe (Verve)
1956 Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band/This Kid's the Greatest! (Good Time Jazz)
1956 The Legendary Kid (Good Time Jazz)
1956 Favorites! (Good Time Jazz)
1957 The Kid from New Orleans: Ory That Is (Upbeat Jazz)
1957 Dixieland Marching Songs (Verve)
1957 Kid Ory Sings French Traditional Songs (Verve)
1958 Song of the Wanderer
1959 At the Jazz Band Ball (Rhapsody)
1959 Plays W.C. Handy
1960 Dance with Kid Ory or Just Listen
1961 The Original Jazz
1961 The Storyville Nights (Verve)
1968 Kid Ory Live (Vault)
1978 Edward Kid Ory and His Creole Band at the Dixieland Jubilee (Dixieland Jubilee)
19?? Kid Ory The Great New Orleans Trombonist (CBS/Sony)
1981 Kid Ory Plays The Blues (Storyville)
1990 Favorites 1992 Kid Ory at the Green Room, Vol. 1 (American Recordings)
1994 Kid Ory at the Green Room, Vol. 2 (American Recordings)
1997 Kid Ory and His Creole Band at the Dixieland Jubilee (GNP Crescendo)
1997 Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band (EPM)
1998 In Denmark (Storyville)
2000 Live at the Beverly Cavern (504)
With Red Allen
1957 Red Allen, Kid Ory & Jack Teagarden at Newport (Verve)
References
Sources and further reading
McCusker, John. "Creole Trombone: Kid Ory and the Early Years of Jazz", University Press of Mississippi, 2012
Marcus, Kenneth. Musical Metropolis: Los Angeles and the Creation of Music Culture 1880-1940''
External links
Kid Ory at the Red Hot Jazz Archive
Jubilee (Armed Forces Radio Network) at the Internet Archive; program #250 recorded between July and September 1947 includes Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band performing "Muskrat Ramble" (7:05–10:30)
1944 Orson Welles Broadcasts at the Kid Ory Archive
1945 Jade Palace at the Kid Ory Archive
Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band: 1944–1945 The Legendary Crescent Recording Sessions at AllMusic (Scott Yanow)
Profiles in Jazz: Kid Ory by Scott Yanow
African-American jazz musicians
American jazz bandleaders
American jazz trombonists
Male trombonists
Dixieland trombonists
Jazz musicians from New Orleans
Jazz musicians from California
1886 births
1973 deaths
People from South Los Angeles
People from LaPlace, Louisiana
Louisiana Creole people
Vocalion Records artists
Columbia Records artists
Okeh Records artists
Verve Records artists
20th-century trombonists
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
New Orleans Wanderers members
Louis Armstrong and His Hot Five members
Good Time Jazz Records artists
African-American Catholics
20th-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American men
The adaptive value represents the combined influence of all characters which affect the fitness of an individual or population.
Definition
Adaptive value is an essential concept of population genetics. It represents usefulness of a trait that can help an organism to survive in its environment. This heritable trait that can help offspring to cope with the new surrounding or condition is a measurable quantity. Measuring adaptive value increases our understanding of how a trait helps an individual's or population's chances of survival in a particular set of conditions.
Measurement
The adaptive value can be measured by contribution of an individual to the gene pool of their offspring. The adaptive values are approximately calculated from the rates of change in frequency and mutation–selection balance.
Examples
Avoiding Predators Some plants use indirect plant defenses to protect themselves against their herbivorous consumers. One of defensive mechanism that plants employ is to release volatile chemicals when herbivores are feeding from them. The odor of volatile chemical attracts carnivores' attention, and they get rid of herbivores by eating them.
Sexual Reproduction Advantages Sexual mimicry is common among animals. Male cuttlefishes use this strategy to gain advantage over other males competitor. They mimic female cuttlefish's marking to fool guarding male and fertilize their females. This strategy has more success rate than normal courtship.
See also
Adaptation
Evolution
External links
http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CB/CB950.html
References
:Category:Evolutionary biology terminology
Evolutionary biology terminology
Maria Strandlund (born 17 August 1969) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden. She competed in the Fed Cup from 1988 to 2000.
WTA career finals
Doubles 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
ITF finals
Singles (1–4)
Doubles (10–8)
References
1969 births
Living people
Swedish female tennis players
İncedere is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
Toutiala is a town and seat of the commune of N'Golodiana in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Bayırkozağacı is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Nemacerota tancrei is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Ludwig Carl Friedrich Graeser in 1888. It is found in the Russian Far East, the Korean Peninsula, Japan and China (Heilongjiang, Jilin, eastern Inner Mongolia).
References
Moths described in 1888
Thyatirinae
MS Beluga SkySails is a German commercial container cargo ship. It is the world's first ship partially powered by a giant computer-controlled kite rig, called the SkySails system. It consists of a kite similar to a huge paraglider of up to area.
Kite power
The kite has an area of and reduces fuel consumption by 15–20% on average; it was set to be upgraded to in order to increase fuel savings by about 30%.
Stephan Wrage, managing director of SkySails GmbH – which installed the kite – announced: "During the next few months we will finally be able to prove that our technology works in practice and significantly reduces fuel consumption and emissions." Verena Frank, project manager at Beluga Shipping GmbH, SkySails GmbH's partner, further stated that "the project's core concept was using wind energy as |auxiliary propulsion power and using wind as a free of charge energy".
This kite is connected to the ship by a cable, and controlled by an automatic pod of actuators to maximize the wind benefits.
The kite functions at an altitude between and .
By using this system it is possible to improve the speed of the ship and reduce fuel consumption. SkySails calculates that the use of its technology worldwide could reduce carbon dioxide emissions by more than 146 million tons (about 0.6% of the entire global energy-related emissions of CO2). SkySails estimates the potential upgrade market for its system at more than 40,000 ships. Through 2013, the company was targeting less than 1% of that market – about 400 ships.
During an evaluation performed between 2006 and 2009, the kite mounted on MS Beluga Skysails was estimated to achieve 5% fuel savings on an average route mix, and up to 10-12% fuel savings on North Atlantic and North Pacific routes.
Launch
The ship, owned by the German firm Beluga Fleet Management GmbH, a subsidiary of Beluga Shipping GmbH within the Beluga Group, was launched 17 December 2007 and left the northern German port of Bremerhaven to Guanta, Venezuela on January 22, 2008. The ship was carrying cargo for DHL which sponsored the initiative.
United States Navy charter
On October 6, 2008, the United States Naval Military Sealift Command announced it had chartered the Beluga Skysails to transport Army and Air Force supplies from three European ports of call to the United States.
References
External links
Merchant ships and superyachts – the age of sail?
2007 ships
Merchant ships of Germany
Sailing ships of Germany
Ships built in the Netherlands
Distance Inbetween is the eighth studio album by the English indie rock band The Coral. It's their first album after a five-year hiatus, their first without guitarist Lee Southall and also the first with Southall's replacement, Paul Molloy. The album was released on 4 March 2016. The first single, "Chasing the Tail of a Dream", was released on December 26, 2015.
Background
The catalyst for the album and the band's return from hiatus was in 2014 when lead singer and main songwriter James Skelly came up with "Chasing the Tail of a Dream," intending to record it with The Intenders, the backing band for his 2013 debut solo album, Love Undercover which also included The Coral members Ian Skelly, Paul Duffy and Nick Power. When jamming together on the song didn't feel right, Skelly felt it might be more suited to The Coral. Meanwhile, while planning to finally release The Curse of Love, a long-shelved album that they had recorded in between 2005's The Invisible Invasion and 2007's Roots & Echoes, the suggestion came for the band to try making music together again.
Initial songwriting sessions for the album were conducted as a four-piece due to Southall opting out in favor of working on his in-progress solo album, prompting the music to become more rhythm-oriented due to James Skelly being the sole guitarist at the time. After coming up with four new songs, the band brought in Molloy, former guitarist of The Zutons who had recently collaborated with Ian Skelly as Serpent Power.
Regarding the album's direction, the band wanted the sound to be minimal, direct and groove-based, with musical touchstones including Cypress Hill, Kool Keith, Portishead and Can. The album was also influenced by what Power referred to as "stuff that's happened," including the death of Alan Wills, the band's mentor and founder of Deltasonic Records, in a cycling accident. The band subsequently dedicated the album in memory of Wills.
Recording
The band recorded the album at Liverpool's Parr Street Studios with co-producer Richard Turvey in 2015. The band took a disciplined approach to recording, in which they would arrive at the studio in the morning, work until 10 pm and then go home. Most of the album was recorded live, with overdubs kept to a minimum and the first take (of usually three) often being the chosen one. In total, recording took approximately three weeks, followed a lengthier process of piecing the tracks together.
Promotion
The first single from the album, "Chasing the Tail of a Dream", was released as a free download from the band's website on 26 December 2015. A signed and numbered 7-inch vinyl with the new song "Unforgiven" as the B-side was additionally released. The second single from the album, "Miss Fortune", was released on 20 January 2016, alongside a video produced by the band.
Accolades
Track listing
All tracks written by James Skelly, except where noted.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Distance Inbetween liner notes.
The Coral
James Skelly - lead vocals, guitar
Ian Skelly - drums, percussion, backing vocals
Nick Power - keyboards, backing vocals
Paul Duffy - bass guitar, keyboards, backing vocals
Paul Molloy - guitar
Additional musicians
Alfie Skelly - bow (track 10)
Richard Turvey - keyboard (track 9), guitar (track 11)
Production
Richard Turvey - production, mixing, engineering
Ian Skelly - additional engineering (track 10), artwork, additional photography
Anna Benson - artwork
Dominic Foster - additional photography
Mike Snowdon - design, layout
Charts
References
External links
2016 albums
The Coral albums
Abdul Malik bin Mat Ariff (; born 7 January 1991), commonly known as Malik Ariff is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a winger or forward for Sri Pahang.
Malik is widely regarded as one of the hottest prospects in Pahang football. He is known as an energetic, quick and accomplished finisher.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Club
Pahang
Malaysia Cup (2): 2013, 2014
FA Cup (1): 2014
Malaysian Charity Shield (1): 2014
Piala Emas Raja-Raja (1): 2011
Top Scorer for President Cup 2012 : Winner
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
Sri Pahang FC players
Terengganu FC players
People from Pahang
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Association football forwards
CCG Profiles is a software for designing joinery constructions for windows and doors industry.
History
The first version was released in 1995 – named Alumin, as a software for design and calculation of aluminium constructions for Windows. In 1999 the software was renamed Profiles and it was redesigned, in order to calculate PVC and timber constructions.
Reviews and awards
At the 62nd International Fair Plovdiv, 2006, the program CCG Profiles was awarded a golden medal.
Articles for the program were published in the Bulgarian magazine AMS Aspects and the Serbian one Aluminium & PVC magazin.
According to an unofficial data, CCG Profiles is one of the most popular software for windows & doors industry in Bulgaria, and a large number of companies – manufacturers and suppliers of profile systems (Etem, Blick, Veka, Weiss Profil, Exalco, Profilink, Altest, Profilko, Roplasto) offer the software product to its customers.
References
External links
http://www.ccg-bg.com — Official site
Proprietary software
Bárány is a Hungarian surname meaning "lamb". Notable people with the surname include:
Árpád Bárány
Imre Bárány (born 1947), Hungarian mathematician
István Bárány (1907–1995), Hungarian swimmer
Robert Bárány
See also
Bárány's caloric test
Bárány chair
Baranyi
Hungarian-language surnames
Andrea Caccioli (30 November 1194 – 3 June 1254) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Order of Friars Minor. He became the first priest to enter the Franciscans and served as one of the disciples of Francis of Assisi himself - the priest was at his deathbed and attended his canonization. The friar preached across Italian cities such as Rome and Padua as well as in France and he became noted for miracles performed during his lifetime.
His beatification received formal ratification from Pope Clement XII in 1738 after the pontiff confirmed that there existed a spontaneous local 'cultus' - otherwise known as enduring veneration - to the late friar. He has been the patron of Spello - his hometown - since 1360.
Life
Andrea Caccioli was born in the Umbria province - in the peasant town dubbed Spello - on 30 November 1194 to nobles and was named in honor of Andrew the Apostle. He was baptized in December 1194.
He commenced his studies for the priesthood in his adolescence and received his ordination as a priest from the Bishop of Spoleto Nicola Porta in 1216. In 1217 he became a pastor for Spello in the local parish of San Severino. He met Francis of Assisi in 1219 at Spoleto at the convent of Santa Maria di Vallegloria and in 1223 decided to join Francis's Order of Friars Minor.
He became part of the Order of Friars Minor in 1223 after the death of his parents and sister and he received the habit from Francis himself before commencing a period of the novitiate from 1223 until 1224. The priest was at the deathbed of Francis on 3 October 1226. He met Pope Gregory IX in Assisi at the time of the canonization of Francis of Assisi on 16 July 1228 alongside Brother Moricus and he persuaded the pope with success to consecrate the high altar of the church of San Lorenzo in the town. He oversaw the transfer of Francis' remains on 25 July 1230.
The priest attended the Provincial Chapter for the order in Soria in Spain in 1233 where it is believed he saved the town from drought and bought rain to the region after turning to God for His intercession. In 1235 he began to preach in various Italian cities as well as in the Kingdom of France; he visited cities such as Verona and Como. From 1239 until 1243 he was assigned to Reggio Emilia where it was said that he bought a dead man back to life. In 1244 the followers of the ex-Minister General Brother Elias imprisoned him due to his insistence of the literal observance of the Testament of Saint Francis though he was later released after John of Parma became Minister General in 1247.
Clare of Assisi dispatched him alongside Pacifica de Guelfuccio d'Assisi in 1248 to reform the nuns of the Poor Clares at the convent of Santa Maria di Vallegloria in Spoleto. It was there that - in a recorded miracle - he found a fresh water spring for the nuns. He later retired to Eremo dei Carcere outside of Assisi where it was also claimed he saw Jesus Christ in a vision. In 1250 he received the profession of Cecilia di Gualtieri Cacciaguerra da Spoleto in the convent of Santa Maria di Vallegloria. He arranged for the church of Sant'Andrea to come under the jurisdiction of the Franciscans in 1253 and he became its first guardian.
He died on 3 June 1254.
Exhumation and inspection
His remains were unearthed in Sant'Andrea in 1594 after the friars stationed there requested to their Provincial Minister to recover the relics of the late friar that the former believed were interred close to the church's pulpit. The supposed site was marked with a statue believed to be the late friar and so the other friars called for Ascensidonio Spacca to make a sketch of the statue before it was hammered in order to get to the burial site. The excavation bore fruit for an ancient coffin was unearthed in which an entire skeleton was found in it. The Bishop of Spoleto Paolo Sanvitale ordered the official recognition of the remains on 3 June 1597. In 1603 a silver box was commissioned for the skull of the late priest. Another review of his remains was initiated in 1623 under Bishop Lorenzo Castrucci.
Beatification
Bishop Lorenzo Castrucci initiated the beatification cause under Pope Urban VIII in 1625 and tasked Francesco Bongrazio da Gualdo Tadino with the collection of all available documentation. Those documents were submitted to the Congregation of Rites in 1627 though the cause closed without a conclusion beneficial to the cause in 1630.
His beatification received formal ratification from Pope Clement XII on 25 July 1738 after the latter issued a decree that confirmed there existed a spontaneous and enduring local 'cultus' - or popular devotion and longstanding veneration - to the late friar.
In 1360 he had been named as a patron for Spello.
References
External links
Santi e Beati
1194 births
1254 deaths
13th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
13th-century venerated Christians
Franciscan beatified people
Friars Minor
Italian beatified people
Italian Franciscans
Italian Friars Minor
Venerated Catholics
Miracle workers
The Outlaws () is a 2017 South Korean crime action film, written and directed by Kang Yoon-sung, starring Ma Dong-seok and Yoon Kye-sang. It was released on October 3, 2017. Set in 2007, the film revolves around Detective Ma Seok-do, who tries to control the gang-wars between Chinese-Korean gangs while also dealing with a ruthless loan shark named Jang-Chen.
The Outlaws are the first film of Crime City series. The first sequel, The Roundup was released in 2022 and the second sequel, The Roundup: No Way Out is in production.
Plot
The Outlaws follow a turf war that grows between a local gang that runs Garibong-dong in Guro District, Seoul and the Heuksapa gang from Yanbian, The police are called in to attempt to bring peace to the neighborhood. Jang Chen is a bloodthirsty leader of the Chinese mainland gang Black Dragon, who works as a loan shark in a seedy Chinatown area of Seoul. He's backed up by his henchmen Wei Sung-Rak and Yang-Tae. Jang Chen is beyond brutal in his methods to collect money. Ma Suk-Do is a detective in the Chinatown area of Seoul, who along with his Captain Jeon Il-man tries to keep the peace, while two Chinese-Korean gangs dubbed Venom Gang headed by and Ahn Sung-Tae and Cobra Gang headed by Jang-I-Soo as they battle over the turf in the neighborhood.
Jang Chen, along with Sung-Rak and Yang-Tae makes their move to take over Chinatown and destroy the Venom Gang and kill Sung-Tae where they take over Jang-I-Soo's casino. Enraged, Jang-I-Soo attacks the casino. Sung-Rak and Yung-Tae fight with Jang-I-Soo and his henchmen, but are interrupted by Ma, who arrest Sung-Rak while Yang-Tae escapes and informs Jang-Chen. Ma and Jeon learn about Jang Chen's crimes where they plan to arrest him. The next day, Jang Chen, along with Yang-Tae attacks Jang-I-soo and his henchmen where he, along with Yang-Tae kill them at Jang-I-Soo's mother's birthday bash. Meanwhile, Jang Chen's location is informed by the hotelier to CEO Hwang (When Jang Chen and his henchmen had killed their men in the hotel), who along with his henchmen arrive and tries to kill Jang Chen, but Jang Chen manages to escape and the hotelier is later killed by Jang Chen and learns Hwang's involvement.
Ma seeks the help of Chinatown colony members for help to catch the Chinese moneylenders. They accept and start taking photos of the moneylenders and the people. Ma and his fellow police officers arrest all of them, including Yang-Tae. One of the police officer named Kang Hong-seok gets caught by Jang Chen and is about to run a car over him, but Ma saves him by crashing into Jang Chen's car. Jang Chen escapes and Ma chases after him but loses sight of him after a while. Jang Chen reaches the airport to fly away to China where he leaves for the restroom. Ma arrives at the restroom and a combat ensues between them. Ma manages to knock down Jang Chen and leaves him handcuffed in the restroom. The gang leaders are arrested and Jeon is congratulated by the commissioner where Ma and his team celebrate for solving the case. Just then, Ma is called by the commissioner to investigate another case.
Cast
Main
Ma Dong-seok as Ma Seok-do
A police officer in Seoul's Crime Unit who fears nothing. He is given ten days to put an end to Chinese-Korean gang wars in the Garibong district.
Yoon Kye-sang as Jang Chen
A notorious crime lord, from Harbin, China, leader of Heilungbo (黒龙波, one of chinese mafia）who comes to Garibong to collect debts. He is known for dismembering anyone who puts up a fight.
Jo Jae-yoon as Boss Hwang Choon-sik
Choi Gwi-hwa as Captain Jeon
Supporting
Im Hyung-joon as Do Seung-woo
Jin Seon-kyu as Wi Seong-rak
Hong Ki-joon as Park Byeong-sik
Heo Dong-won as Oh Dong-gyoon
Ha Jun as Kang Hong-seok
Kim Sung-kyu as Yang-tae
Park Ji-hwan as Jang I-soo
Heo Sung-tae as Viper
Min Kyung-jin as Yeon Gil Restaurant CEO
Uhm Ji-sung as Wang-oh
Kim Gu-taek as CEO Kwak
Park Sang-gyu as CEO Won
Yoo Ji-yeon as Ahn Hye-kyeong
Special appearances
Cho Jin-woong as Chief of Regional police investigation unit
Jung In-gi as Chief of police
Ye Jung-hwa as Airport head
Yoon Joo as Kang Hong-seok's fiancée
Production
Filming
Principal photography began on February 27, 2017 and ended on July 19, 2017.
Original soundtrack
Reception
The Outlaws opened in South Korea on October 3, 2017. By October 23, it grossed from more than 5 million admissions. One month after it was released, the film marked 6.05 million admissions, with gross. By December 1, the film had reached 6.87 million admissions with a gross of , making it the 3rd highest-grossing domestic film of the year in South Korea and the third best-selling R-rated Korean film of all time.
Awards and nominations
Sequels
The Roundup (2022)
A sequel of the film titled as The Roundup directed by Lee Sang-yong was released on May 18, 2022. Ma Dong-seok, Choi Gwi-hwa, Park Ji-hwan, Heo Dong-won, and Ha Jun reprised their roles. The film became the highest-grossing film of the year surpassing 10 million ticket sales on the 25th day since its release. It also became the 3rd highest-grossing film and 9th most viewed film in South Korean cinema history.
The Roundup: No Way Out (2023)
The production of a second sequel under title The Roundup: No Way Out is currently in progress with a target release in 2023.
Remake
The film is remade in Indian Hindi-language version in the name of Radhe directed by Prabhu Deva. It was released on 13 May 2021 to negative reviews.
References
External links
2017 films
2010s Korean-language films
2017 crime action films
South Korean films remade in other languages
South Korean crime action films
South Korean gangster films
South Korean police films
Crime films based on actual events
Action films based on actual events
Films set in 2004
Films set in Seoul
2010s South Korean films
Kozhikode Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 20 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in the Indian state of Kerala.
Assembly segments
Kozhikode Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Members of Parliament
Election results
General election 2019
General election 2014
General election 2004
See also
Indian general election, 2014 (Kerala)
Kozhikode
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
External links
Election Commission of India: https://web.archive.org/web/20081218010942/http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp
Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala
Politics of Kozhikode district
Paul-Jean Toulet (5 June 1867, Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques - 6 September 1920) was a French poet, novelist and feuilleton writer.
Life and works
Paul-Jean Toulet was the son of a wealthy sugar planter, originally from Pau but living in Mauritius. He was most famous for his acerbic wit, his addiction to opium, and his friendship with Maurice Sailland - the "prince of gastronomes".
As a writer, Toulet is best known for Les Contrerimes, poems written in a verse form of his own invention, the rhyme scheme abba, with the lines alternating long, short, long, short. The collection was published posthumously, although many of the poems appeared in various literary magazines, either in earlier versions or finished forms (Toulet was an inveterate polisher of his verse).
His novels are almost unreadable today, with the possible exception of Mon amie Nane, a sort of fin-de-siècle equivalent to Pride and Prejudice , or even Bridget Jones' Diary.
Toulet became a model or an inspiration to the poetic movement from 1911 until the Great War. This explains the following comment made on the reception of his works: "When two men who have read Paul-Jean Toulet meet (usually in a bar), they immediately imagine it's a certain form of aristocracy".
In 1897, Toulet received a copy of The Great God Pan by Arthur Machen from a friend and he translated it the following year, as Le Grand Dieu Pan. It was published in La Plume in 1901 but went unnoticed except for Maeterlinck's reaction "...combining the traditional and scientific fantastic genres, it hits both our memories and hopes". Toulet engaged a correspondence with Machen and visited him in London.
Toulet's own novel Monsieur de Paur, homme public was inspired by Machen. Published in 1898 by Simonis Empis, it saw little success. In 1918, however, it was published again by the Éditions du Divan. This publishing company was owned by Toulet's admirer Henri Martineau, who also engaged in a correspondence with the author.
Toulet died in Guéthary, Aquitaine, in September 1920.
Footnotes
External links
Les Contrerimes (e-text, in French)
1867 births
1920 deaths
People from Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques
French poets
French male poets
is a train station on the Seiryū Line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan operated by the third-sector company Nishikigawa Railway.
Lines
The station is served by the Seiryū Line and is located 8.6 km from the start of the line at .
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened the station on 1 November 1960 as an intermediate station during the construction of the then from to . With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, control of the station passed to JR West which then ceded control to Nishikigawa Railway on 25 July 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 326 passengers daily.
References
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1960
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
The 1950 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 26th season in the Victorian Football League and 49th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Secrets and Lies () is a 2018 South Korean television series starring Oh Seung-ah, , , and . The series aired daily on MBC TV from 7:15 p.m. to 7:55 p.m. (KST) from June 25, 2018 to January 11, 2019.
Cast
Main
Oh Seung-ah as Shin Hwa-kyung (Park Seon-joo) - The lead character of the series. Hwa-kyung is evil and her ambition will cause her own downfall. In the end, she was imprisoned for attempted murder.
as Han Woo-jung, an aspiring announcer
as Yoon Do-bin, MBS PD
as Yoon Jae-bin, Do-bin's younger brother
Supporting cast
People around Hwa Kyung
Jeon No-min as Shin Myung Joon
Lee Il-hwa as Oh Yun Hee
Suh In-suk as Oh Sang Pil
??? as Oh Yun Suk
People around Woo Jung
Kim Hye-sun as Han Joo Won
Lee Joon-young as Han Woo Chul
People around Do Bin
Park Chul-min as Yoon Chang Soo
Kim Hee-jung as Heo Yong Shim
Kim Ye-rin as Yoon Sae Hee
Extended Cast
Jun Jung-ro as Secretary Min
Ratings
In this table, represent the lowest ratings and represent the highest ratings.
NR denotes that the drama did not rank in the top 20 daily programs on that date.
N/A denotes that the rating is not known.
Awards and nominations
Original soundtrack
Track listings
Notes
References
External links
MBC TV television dramas
2018 South Korean television series debuts
2019 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
South Korean melodrama television series
Television series by MBC C&I
Sven Erik Holmesis an American attorney and jurist who served as United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma.
After leaving the Judiciary, Holmes became the Vice Chairman, Legal, Risk and Regulatory, and Chief Legal Officer for global accounting firm KPMG. At KPMG, he directed the office of general counsel, risk management, government affairs, security, and ethics and compliance programs. He was also counsel to the board of directors and a member of the management committee. In 2009, Ethicsphere named him one of America's 100 most influential people in business ethics. In 2007, Accounting Today named him one of the "Top 100 Most Influential People in Accounting." In 2014, National Law Journal named him "America's 50 Outstanding General Counsel." In 2018, Holmes received the "Scales of Justice Award" from Equal Justice Works, a "nonprofit organization that brings together an extensive network of law students, lawyers, legal services organizations, and supporters to promote a lifelong commitment to public service and equal justice."
Early life and education
Born in Grand Junction, Colorado, and raised in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, Holmes received his Artium Baccalaureus degree from Harvard University in 1973, a Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1980, and a Master of Laws (Taxation) from Georgetown University Law Center in 1987. He served as a law clerk to United States District Judge Thomas Rutherford Brett from 1980 to 1981.
Career
Previously, Holmes was a partner at the law firm of Williams & Connolly in Washington DC, was staff director and general counsel to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence from 1987 to 1989, Vice President of the Baltimore Orioles from 1989 to 1993, and administrative assistant to Governor David L. Boren of Oklahoma from 1975 to 1977. He also taught constitutional law as an adjunct professor at the University of Tulsa College of Law from 1999 to 2005.
He currently sits on the Board of Trustees of St Mary's College of Maryland, and the Board of Trustees of Ford's Theatre.
Federal judicial service
Holmes was nominated by President Bill Clinton on September 22, 1994, to a seat vacated by Judge James O. Ellison. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 7, 1994, and received commission on November 21, 1994. In 2001, Chief Justice William Rehnquist appointed him to the Budget Committee for the Judicial Conference of the United States, where he served as vice chair from 2004 to 2005. The Budget Committee consults with Judicial Conference committees to formulate and submit for approval by the Conference's annual budget; it then presents the budget to the United States Congress. He served as chief judge from 2003 to 2005. His resigned from the court on March 13, 2005.
From 2016 to 2018, he served as chairman of the board for the Council for Court Excellence in Washington, D.C.
Personal life
Holmes lives in Washington, D.C. with his wife Lois Romano, a long-time journalist with The Washington Post. They have two daughters.
References
Sources
1951 births
Living people
Harvard University alumni
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
University of Tulsa College of Law faculty
Judges of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma
United States district court judges appointed by Bill Clinton
KPMG people
People from Grand Junction, Colorado
People from Bartlesville, Oklahoma
20th-century American judges
21st-century American judges
Cynthia Jane Fellowes, Baroness Fellowes (née Spencer; born 11 February 1957), is one of the two older sisters of Diana, Princess of Wales, the other being Lady Sarah McCorquodale.
Early life and education
Lady Fellowes is the second daughter of Edward John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer (1924–1992), and the Hon. Frances Ruth Burke Roche (1936–2004). Her parents married in 1954 but divorced in 1969. She has always used her middle name of Jane (just as her elder sister also uses one of her middle names). One of Jane's godparents is Prince Edward, Duke of Kent. She was a bridesmaid at his 1961 wedding to Katharine Worsley.
Like her sisters, Lady Fellowes was educated at West Heath boarding school near Sevenoaks in Kent. Sources say she was an excellent student, achieving the status of school Prefect and passing a good number of A-level exams. To paraphrase Andrew Morton, Lady Fellowes acquired a "hatful" of O-level and A-level exams.
Marriage and children
On 20 April 1978, Jane married her distant relation Robert Fellowes (b. 1941), then assistant private secretary to the Queen. During the ceremony at Westminster Abbey, Jane's sister Diana was a bridesmaid.
On 12 July 1999, Robert Fellowes was granted a life peerage as Baron Fellowes, of Shotesham in the County of Norfolk, after first being knighted as Sir Robert Fellowes.
Lord and Lady Fellowes have three children and four grandchildren:
The Honourable Laura Jane Fellowes (19 July 1980); married Nicholas Peter Pettman on 30 May 2009. The couple has two sons.
The Honourable Alexander Robert Fellowes (23 March 1983); married Alexandra Finlay on 20 September 2013. They have two children:
Robert George Fellowes (10 April 2015)
Rose Jane Fellowes (10 August 2016)
The Honourable Eleanor Ruth Fellowes (20 August 1985)
These children are maternal first cousins of Prince William and Prince Harry and also paternal second cousins of Sarah, Duchess of York. Laura is godmother to Prince William's daughter, Princess Charlotte.
Relationship with Diana, Princess of Wales
After Diana's death, conflicting views about the two sisters' relationship were voiced. Diana's butler Paul Burrell stated that the relationship was strained because of Lord Fellowes's position as secretary to the Queen, and that by the time of Diana's death they had not spoken in a number of years. On the other hand, Diana's childhood nanny, Mary Clarke, author of memoirs about her experience raising Diana, stated that the relations between Lady Fellowes and Diana were not as bitter as Burrell and others have said or assumed. It is not clear when their relationship deteriorated (if it did), but the sisters were neighbours on the Kensington Palace estate, with Diana living at numbers 8 and 9, and Lady Fellowes living at a house called the Old Barracks.
Lady Fellowes and her sister Lady Sarah McCorquodale flew to Paris with their former brother-in-law Prince Charles to escort the Princess's body back for the public funeral. Witnesses reported that Lady Fellowes was very upset and needed to be assisted into a chair after seeing Diana's body at the hospital in Paris. Lady Sarah and Lady Fellowes played a part in the public funeral ceremony.
Since Diana's death, Lord and Lady Fellowes have led a largely private life along with their three children. Lady Fellowes attended the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton on 29 April 2011. She also attended the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on 19 May 2018, at which she delivered a reading.
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
1957 births
Living people
Jane Fellowes
Spouses of life peers
Daughters of British earls
British baronesses
Gustavus Charles Philip Murray (1831 – 7 August 1887) was a British obstetrician who may have been the inspiration for Luke Fildes' 1891 painting The Doctor. His work in the examination of pregnant women was recognised by Adolphe Pinard in 1889 but ignored in England. He was popular with his patients and had a thriving practice with many professional appointments but as a result wrote little. He died at the age of 56 years from heart failure.
Early life and family
Gustavus (sometimes Gustavo) Murray was born at Port of Spain, Trinidad, West Indies, in 1831, the youngest son of Edward Murray (c.1800–1874), registrar of slaves and later Marshal of Trinidad.
Murray received his schooling mainly at private schools in England. His health was poor and he was twice forced to return to Trinidad for that reason.
He married Fanny Tryphena Yearsley (born Trinidad) at St George's, Hanover Square, in 1856, daughter of John Yearsley of The Moors, Cheltenham. They had six sons and one daughter. In 1861 he was living in Green Street, Mayfair, in central London. In 1871 the family were in the same area but had no servants according to the census return. By 1881 they were living in Great Cumberland Place, Marylebone, and employed four servants. Their second son, Stormont Murray, became a physician who practiced in London.
Medical career
Murray enrolled in the medical school of King's College, London, when Arthur Farre was professor of obstetrics and became a member of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1856. He studied at the Vienna General Lying-in Hospital where puerperal fever had been tackled by Ignaz Semmelweis. Subsequently, he received his M.D. from the University of Edinburgh in 1860 for a thesis titled "On the Medico-Legal aspect of certain morbid conditions that may be mistaken for pregnancy".
In 1858, Murray claimed, in a paper in The Lancet, to be able to tell the exact parts of a fetus, including each vertebra and the cleft between the buttocks, through feeling the abdomen of the pregnant woman. At the time, these women would have been examined only at labour and to be able to distinguish fetal parts during the antenatal period was felt to be unbelievable. His work was recognised by Adolphe Pinard, an eminent obstetrician and pioneer of listening to the fetal heartbeat, in Pinard's 1889 book on abdominal palpation in pregnancy, but his innovations in the examination of pregnant women were ignored in England.
At the start of his career he had consulting rooms at his home at 17 Green Street, Mayfair, a fashionable location for doctors. He was physician-accoucheur and physician for the diseases of women and children to the St George's and St James's Dispensary. He was physician and later consulting physician-accoucheur to the St Pancras Provident Dispensary and was closely associated with the Establishment for Gentlewomen in Harley Street. He was also obstetric physician to the British Lying-In Hospital in Endell Street, London, where he was a governor, and then to the Great Northern Central Hospital, Caledonian Road, Islington.
He was a fellow of the Edinburgh Obstetrical Society and elected a fellow of the Obstetrical Society of London in 1859. Towards the end of his career he was to become president of the London society but was unable to take up the position due to ill health.
The Doctor
Murray's professional demeanor may have been the inspiration for the attentive and concerned physician in Luke Fildes's painting The Doctor (1891) after he attended the artist's first child, Philip, when he became ill and died at Christmas 1877. Murray and Fildes were well known to each other, and Murray had delivered all the Fildes children. The artist's son, also Luke Fildes, wrote in his biography of his father:
"The character and bearing of their doctor throughout the time of their anxiety, made a deep impression on my parents. Dr Murray became a symbol of professional devotion which would one day inspire the painting of The Doctor." And: "The Doctor had been on my father's mind ever since Dr Murray watched over Philip".
Fildes junior made it clear in his book, however, that the figure in the painting was a composite of several people, including Fildes's friend Dr Thomas Buzzard.
Death
Murray died on 7 August 1887 at 66 Great Cumberland Place, London, after becoming weak with stomach and liver problems. His death has been attributed to heart failure. He left an estate of £4,132.
References
1887 deaths
British obstetricians
Trinidad and Tobago emigrants to the United Kingdom
Year of birth uncertain
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
1831 births
Physician-accoucheurs
The men's 20 kilometres race walk at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, on 30 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
30 August
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 29 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(3)
(3)
(1)
References
20 kilometres race walk
Racewalking at the European Athletics Championships
Maybrat Regency is a regency of West Papua Province of Indonesia. It has an area of , and had a population of 33,081 at the 2010 Census and 42,991 at the 2020 Census. The administrative centre is the town of Kumurkek. The Maybrat language is spoken in the regency.
Geography
Maybrat Regency is located in the western part of Papua Island. Geographically, Maybrat Regency is
position 131º 421 0” east longitude - 132º 581 12” east and 0º 55' 12” south longitude - 2º 17' 24” south longitude. Maybrat . County
border area: to the north is bordered by Fef District, Senopi District and Kebar District;
to the east is bordered by North Moskona District and South Moskona District;
to the south it is bordered by Kokoda District and Kais District;
in the west it is bordered by Moswaren District, Wayer District and Sawiat District;
Administrative Districts
At the 2010 Census, the Maybrat Regency comprised eleven districts (distrik), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census. In 2013 thirteen additional districts were formed by division from the existing districts; these are included below, together with the populations at the 2020 Census of all twenty-four current districts. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, the numbers of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each of the districts, and their post codes.
Notes:(a) The area and 2010 Census population of what is now Ayamaru Selatan Jaya District are included in the total figures for Aitinyo Barat District, from which it was divided.
(b) The area and 2010 Census population of what is now Aitinyo Tengah District are included in the total figures for Aitinyo District, from which it was divided.
(c) The area and 2010 Census population of what is now Aifat Timur Selatan District are included in the total figures for Aifat Selatan District, from which it was divided.
(d) The area and 2010 Census population of what is now Aitinyo Raya District are included in the total figures for Aitinyo Utara District, from which it was divided.
(e) The area and 2010 Census population of what is now Ayamaru Timur Selatan District are included in the total figures for Ayamaru Timur District, from which it was divided.
(f) The areas and 2010 Census populations of what are now Ayamaru Selatan, Ayamaru Jaya, Ayamaru Tengah and Ayamaru Barat Districts are included in the total figures for Ayamaru District, from which they were all divided.
(g) The area and 2010 Census population of what is now Ayamaru Utara Timur District are included in the total figures for Ayamaru Utara District, from which it was divided.
(h) The area and 2010 Census population of what is now Mare Selatan District are included in the total figures for Mare District, from which it was divided.
(j) The areas and 2010 Census populations of what are now Aifat Timur Tengah and Aifat Timur Jauh Districts are included in the total figures for Aifat Timur District, from which they were both divided.
Climate
Kumurkek has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round.
References
External links
Statistics publications from Statistics Indonesia (BPS)
Regencies of West Papua (province)
St. Margaret Queen of Scotland Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church serving eastern Livingston Parish, Louisiana. It is particularly noted for its historic parish church located at 30300 Catholic Hall Road in Hammond, Louisiana. Consecrated in 1912, it represented, along with the Hungarian Presbyterian Church, the center of community activities in Albany, Louisiana.
Architecture
Built in 1910, the church is a frame Gothic Revival building featuring a basilican plan with a central entrance tower surmounted by a belfry and a spire. A certain number of alterations have occurred during the years, like the exterior being completely sheathed in aluminium siding and the addition of a small rear wing. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 28, 1992.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Livingston Parish, Louisiana
References
Roman Catholic churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in Louisiana
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1912
Churches in Livingston Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Livingston Parish, Louisiana
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
TF or Tf may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Gaming
Team Fortress, an online multiplayer video game
Thunder Force (series), a series of shoot-em-up video games
Titanfall, a 2014 video game
TinyFugue, a MUD client
Tropical Freeze, an installment of the Donkey Kong Country video game series
Television
Power Rangers: Time Force
Turtles Forever
Other media
TorrentFreak, a website on file sharing
Transformers, a toy line, comic books, animation, video games, and films
Geography
Telford, a new town in the West Midlands region of England
TF postcode area, UK, encompassing the Telford area
Twin Falls, Idaho, US
French Southern Territories (ISO 3166-1 country code TF)
Iceland (aircraft registration prefix TF)
Businesses and organizations
Malmö Aviation (IATA airline designator TF)
Teknologföreningen, a student organization at the Helsinki University of Technology
Temasek Foundation, a Singapore-based philanthropic foundation
Territorial Force, predecessor of the British Territorial Army
Serve the People (Norway) (Tjen folket), a Maoist Norwegian political organization
Tom Ford, a luxury fashion house founded by designer Tom Ford in 2005
Tung Fang Design Institute, a college in Kaohsiung, Taiwan
Science and technology
Biology and medicine
Theaflavin, a type of antioxidant polyphenols flavan-3-ols that are formed from catechins in tea leaves
Tissue factor, or tissue factor gene
Transcription factor, a protein that binds to specific DNA sequences
Transferrin, a blood plasma protein
Transcellular fluid, a portion of total body water contained within epithelial lined spaces
Computing
.tf, the country code top level domain (ccTLD) for French Southern Territories
Tera-flops, a measurement of computing speed
TorrentFreak, a news website on file sharing
TransFlash card, a Micro SD removable flash memory card
TensorFlow, a machine learning library by google
Other uses in science and technology
Tonne-force, a unit of force
Triflyl, an abbreviation for trifluoromethanesulfonyl
Motor vehicles
MG TF (2002), a sports car produced by MG Rover from 2002 to 2005 and by MG Motor UK from 2007 to 2011
TF Series of Isuzu Faster, the third generation Isuzu_Faster#Third_generationIsuzu Faster
Other uses
TF1, a French free-to-air Television channel.
Task force, a unit or formation established to work on a single defined task or activity
Teaching fellow, a member of the teaching fellowship
Initialism of "the fuck", a derivative of "WTF" (what the fuck), expressing disbelief or disgust used in SMS language and internet messageboards
Transformation (disambiguation)
Cyprinus is the genus of typical carps in family Cyprinidae. Most species in the genus are of East Asia origin with only the common carp (C. carpio) in Western Asia and Europe; this invasive species has also been introduced to many other regions around the world. Cyprinus are closely related to some more barb-like genera, such as Cyclocheilichthys and Barbonymus (tinfoils). The crucian carps (Carassius) of western Eurasia, which include the goldfish (C. auratus), are apparently not as closely related.
This genus's most widespread and well-known member is the common carp (C. carpio) species complex. Although traditionally considered a single species, recent authorities have split the European and West Asian populations from the East Asian, with the latter named C. rubrofuscus (syn. C. carpio haematopterus). Members of the species complex are famed as a food fish and have been widely traded and introduced since antiquity, but in certain areas has multiplied inordinately and become a pest. In its long use it has been domesticated, and a number of breeds have been developed for food and other purposes. The koi (from Japanese nishikigoi, 錦鯉) are well-known carp breeds, selectively bred for being enjoyed by spectators from above. Strictly speaking, koi is simply the Japanese name of the East Asian carp.
The other species of typical carp are generally found in more restricted areas of eastern Asia, centered on the Yunnan region. In some cases, they are endemic to a single lake, most notably Lake Erhai, as well as Lake Dian, Fuxian Lake, Lake Jilu, Lake Qilihu, Lake Xingyun and Lake Yi-Lung, which are all in Yunnan proper. Several of these species are seriously threatened and five are possibly already extinct: C. yilongensis (Lake Yi-Lung), C. yunnanensis (Lake Qilihu), C. daliensis (Lake Erhai), C. megalophthalmus (Lake Erhai) and C. fuxianensis (Fuxian Lake).
Species
The following species are currently recognized in the genus.
Cyprinus acutidorsalis H. L. Chen & H. Q. Huang, 1977
Cyprinus barbatus H. L. Chen & H. Q. Huang, 1977
Cyprinus carpio Linnaeus, 1758
Cyprinus chilia H. W. Wu, G. R. Yang, P. Q. Yue & H. J. Huang, 1963
Cyprinus dai (V. H. Nguyễn & L. H. Doan, 1969)
Cyprinus daliensis H. L. Chen & H. Q. Huang, 1977
Cyprinus exophthalmus Đ. Y. Mai, 1978
Cyprinus fuxianensis Yang et al., 1977
Cyprinus hieni T. T. Nguyen & A. T. Ho, 2003
Cyprinus hyperdorsalis V. H. Nguyễn, 1991
Cyprinus ilishaestomus H. L. Chen & H. Q. Huang, 1977
Cyprinus intha Annandale, 1918
Cyprinus longipectoralis H. L. Chen & H. Q. Huang, 1977
Cyprinus longzhouensis Y. J. Yang & H. Q. Huang, 1977
Cyprinus megalophthalmus H. W. Wu et al., 1963
Cyprinus melanes (Đ. Y. Mai, 1978)
Cyprinus micristius Regan, 1906
Cyprinus multitaeniatus Pellegrin & Chevey, 1936
Cyprinus pellegrini T. L. Tchang, 1933
Cyprinus qionghaiensis C. H. Liu, 1981
Cyprinus quidatensis T. T. Nguyen, V. T. Le, T. B. Le & X. K. Nguyễn, 1999
Cyprinus rubrofuscus Lacépède, 1803
†Cyprinus yilongensis Yang et al., 1977
Cyprinus yunnanensis T. L. Tchang, 1933
Fossil species
†Cyprinus priscus von Meyer (fossil species from Miocene Germany)
Footnotes
References
(2007): Evolutionary origin of Lake Tana's (Ethiopia) small Barbus species: indications of rapid ecological divergence and speciation. Anim. Biol. 57(1): 39-48. (HTML abstract)
Cyprininae
Carp
Fauna of Yunnan
Extant Miocene first appearances
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Freshwater fish genera
Tijjani Noslin (born 7 July 1999) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Fortuna Sittard.
Club career
Born in Amsterdam, Noslin moved to 's-Hertogenbosch aged 14 to join FC Den Bosch's academy, but was released and he returned to Amsterdam a year later. He later joined FC Twente's academy, but was released as an 18-year-old, with the club citing his lack of height. After a failed trial at an academy in Manchester, he signed for amateur Dutch side USV Hercules. He made 26 league appearances and scored 10 goals for Hercules between 2017 and 2020, prior to joining DHSC in summer 2020. After five league appearances for DHSC across the 2020–21 season, Noslin signed an amateur contract with TOP Oss over summer 2021. As Noslin was not under a professional contract at TOP Oss, he joined Eredivisie side Fortuna Sittard later that summer on a free transfer, and signed a three-year contract. He made his debut for the club on 18 September 2021 as a substitute in a 1–0 defeat to SC Heerenveen. He scored his first professional goal the following month with the opening goal of a 1–1 draw with Willem II after coming on as a half-time substitute.
References
1999 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Footballers from Amsterdam
Association football forwards
FC Den Bosch players
FC Twente players
USV Hercules players
DHSC players
Fortuna Sittard players
Eredivisie players
Derde Divisie players
Anatrichosomatidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Trichocephalida.
Genera:
Anatrichosoma Smith & Chitwood, 1954
References
Nematodes
The Near North District School Board (NNDSB; known as English-language Public District School Board No. 4 prior to 1999) administers public education in an area of Ontario that is includes all of Parry Sound District, plus a northerly portion of Muskoka District and the western portion of Nipissing District. It includes the communities of North Bay, Parry Sound, Mattawa and the Almaguin Highlands.
History
The NNDSB was previously known as the Parry Sound and Area School Board.
In 2006, three former students filed lawsuits against the NNDSB for the sexual abuse they suffered at the hands of Kenneth Bull, a former teacher of the school board. Bull taught at Humphrey Public School, where the assaults occurred. Bull was convicted of five counts of indecent assault against young males in 1978. The school board was named in the lawsuit for its failure to protect the students.
Schools
There are 34 schools governed by NNDSB, consisting of 27 elementary schools and 7 high schools:
Elementary schools
Alliance Public School – North Bay
Argyle Public School – Port Loring
Britt Public School – Britt
E.T. Carmichael Public School – North Bay
E.W. Norman Public School – North Bay
Evergreen Heights Education Centre – Emsdale (Perry)
Ferris Glen Public School – Corbeil (East Ferris)
Humphrey Public School – Seguin
Land of Lakes Public School - Burk's Falls
M.T. Davidson Public School – Callander
MacTier Public School – MacTier
Magnetawan Central Public School – Magnetawan
Mapleridge Public School – Powassan
Mattawa District Public School – Mattawa
McDougall Public School – McDougall (Parry Sound)
Nobel Public School – Nobel
Parry Sound Public School – Parry Sound
Phelps Central Public School – Redbridge
Silver Birches Public School – North Bay
South River Public School – South River
South Shore Education Centre – Nipissing
Sundridge Centennial Public School – Sundridge
Sunset Park Public School – North Bay
Vincent Massey Public School – North Bay
White Woods Public School – Sturgeon Falls (West Nipissing)
Whitestone Lake Central School - Dunchurch
Woodland Public School - North Bay
Secondary Schools/Alternative Learning Centres
Almaguin Highlands Secondary School - South River (Strong)
Chippewa Secondary School - North Bay
F.J. McElligott Secondary School - Mattawa
Laurentian Learning Centre (formerly the Nipissing Alternative School) - North Bay
Northern Secondary School - Sturgeon Falls
Parry Sound High School - Parry Sound
West Ferris Secondary School - North Bay
See also
List of school districts in Ontario
List of high schools in Ontario
References
External links
Near North District School Board
School districts in Ontario
Grądki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Knyazhaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 9 as of 2002.
Geography
Knyazhaya is located 6 km east of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Posyolok Myasokombinata is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Outcast is a 2014 American-Chinese-Canadian action film, directed by Nick Powell in his directorial debut and written by James Dormer. It stars Nicolas Cage, Hayden Christensen, Liu Yifei, Ji Ke Jun Yi, and Andy On.
The film was slated for release on September 26, 2014 in China, but was postponed to April 3, 2015. The film received negative reviews from critics.
Plot
During the Crusades, young commander Jacob (Hayden Christensen) leads an army including Gallain (Nicolas Cage) in the slaughter of an Arab city. Gallain pleads with Jacob to leave the people alone, claiming killing them is not God's will, and go East. Gallain witnesses Jacob become increasingly violent and leaves.
3 years later in Song China, a dying king chooses his young son Prince Zhao to be his successor, giving him the imperial seal and sending him away in the care of his older sister, Princess Lian. Shortly thereafter, their sadistic older brother, Prince Shing, murders the King in a fit of rage after having been passed over as heir. Shing assumes command of the Emperor's Black Guard, ordering the deaths of his siblings in order to obtain the seal and the legitimacy of the throne. The guards and army only cooperate under fear of retribution.
Zhao and Lian make it to a tavern before their horse dies. Inside they ask for help, but the Black Guard catch up to them. Jacob, though high on opium, defends them and kills the guards before moving on, refusing to escort them. Later on, remembering the horrors of combat, he decides to assist them. Traveling through a village destroyed by the Black Guard, they rescue a girl, Xiaolei. They attempt to take refuge in the desert city Jingshao. They are betrayed by their hosts, who summon the Black Guard, hoping to win the price on their heads. This forces them to fight their way out and escape by boat to the Silver Mountain, where some bandits Jacob originally sought take refuge.
Jacob is injured and the others are captured by the bandits. Jacob awakens to find Gallain saved them, though he is now known as the White Ghost. Jacob sought out Gallain to explain to him that he did not murder women and children in the Crusades as Gallain believed, and they reconcile. Shortly thereafter, Shing and the Black Guard corner them at the bandit hideout. After intense fighting, Gallain is killed. Jacob duels Shing; as Shing gets the upper hand, Lian intervenes and is stabbed by Shing. Jacob, enraged, overpowers Shing and kills him. With Shing's threat eliminated, the leader of the Black Guard swears loyalty to Prince Zhao.
Jacob and Lian survive their injuries and they, Zhao and Xiaolei are escorted by the Black Guard to the city, where Zhao is recognized as the new Emperor. Jacob, however, still tormented by his past and fearful of the future, leaves Lian and buries Gallain before he resumes traveling on his own.
Cast
Hayden Christensen as Jacob
Nicolas Cage as Gallain
Liu Yifei as Lian
Ji Ke Jun Yi as Mei
Andy On as Shing
Anoja Dias Bolt as Anika
Byron Lawson as Captain Peng
Production
In 2013, the film was officially announced on the Arclight films website.
Filming
Principal photography started in April 2014 in the Yunnan province of China.
Release
Box office
The film grossed $5.1 million in other territories.
Critical reception
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, Outcast holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of . Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned Outcast a score of 33 out of 100 rating based on 7 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Glenn Kenny of RogerEbert.com centered his review on the performances, primarily that of Nicolas Cage. Of it, he said it marked a career shift from Cage's "entertainingly eccentric phase" into his "genuinely befuddling and perhaps sad phase", and noted his "peculiar (of course)", "near-British accent"; he also criticized Hayden Christensen's performance as "lifeless". Jeanette Catsoulis of The New York Times called the movie a "loony", "wannabe epic rattling with swords and clichés". She chiefly criticized the "barnacle-encrusted plot" as being "dumbed down to the studs", along with the performance of Christensen, while praising photography and "surprisingly classy" battle scenes. Gary Goldstein of the Los Angeles Times had kinder words to say, calling the movie "visually arresting, smartly paced, well-edited", but otherwise "unremarkable". He said the film may best be remembered for Cage's "warrior coif", saying it was "perhaps his most unflattering movie hairdo yet — and that's saying a lot" and that Cage could "pinch-hit for Gene Simmons at a KISS concert". And Sebastian Zavala, writing for ScreenAnarchy.com, said that the movie "could certainly have been a better vehicle for an unleashed, energetic Cage", but that "what we end up with is a lifeless, slightly-entertaining-yet-ultimately-disappointing action “epic”."
Sequel
On April 15, 2014, producer Jeremy Bolt announced plans for a sequel.
References
External links
2014 films
2014 action drama films
American action adventure films
Canadian action adventure films
Chinese action adventure films
Entertainment One films
Films set in the Middle Ages
Films set in 12th-century Song dynasty
Films shot in Beijing
Films shot in China
Films shot in Yunnan
Murder in films
Patricide in fiction
Fiction about regicide
2014 directorial debut films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s Canadian films
Gerald Näscher (born 12 September 1965) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Liechtenstein male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Liechtenstein
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Joppe may refer to :
Jaffa, known as Joppa alias Ioppe, an Ancient city and former bishopric, now also
Joppe (Roman), Latin Catholic titular see
Joppe (Syrian), Syriac Catholic titular see
Joppe, Gelderland, Netherlands
See also
Joppa (disambiguation)
Newnam is a surname occurring from medieval times in Britain. The surname has many variations, such as "Newenham" and "Newnham".
People bearing it include:
Thomas Newnam (died 1775), British explorer of Pen Park Hole
Pat Newnam (1880–1938), American baseball player
Frank Newnam, Jr. (fl. 1946-69), American third partner in Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam civil-engineering partnership & president of ASCE
Boyd Newnam (fl. 1967-1971), American running trainer of Earl Owens
Brendan Francis Newnam (born c. 1976), American radio host
Scott Newnam (fl. since 2000), American audio marketer
Sarah Newnam (fl. 2009), Dartmouth ice hockey co-Captain, 2008–09
Charles Newnam (born 1987), Naval Aviator
Ben Newnam (born 1991), American soccer player
See also
Newnham (surname)
Newnan, Georgia
Newnham Paddox
References
Teen Ta Tseang Keun () or Tëen ta tsëang keun meaning "Heaven's Great General", was a Chinese constellation () in the region of Lóu (). It contained stars of the western constellations Andromeda and Triangulum. Allen based identification of Chinese star names by the English astronomer John Williams (1797–1874) and the naturalist John Reeves. But Allen lacked last word kuen as Tien Ta Tseang and also transliterated it as Tsien Ta Tseang.
Identification of stars
Notes
＊ 54 And is designated as φ Per in recent times.
Notes
References
大崎正次 (1987): 「中国の星座・星名の同定一覧表」『中国の星座の歴史』 雄山閣出版, p. 326.
陳久金 (2005): 『中國星座神話』 台灣書房出版有限公司. .
Chinese constellations
Growing Up in America is a Canadian documentary film, directed by Morley Markson and released in 1988. A sequel to his 1971 film Breathing Together: Revolution of the Electric Family, the film profiles many of the same 1960s radical figures who had been featured in the original film, and the "yippies to yuppies" transformation that many of them had undergone by the 1980s.
Figures appearing in the film include Don Cox, Allen Ginsberg, Fred Hampton, Fred Hampton Jr., Abbie Hoffman, William Kunstler, Timothy Leary, Jerry Rubin and John Sinclair.
The film premiered in the Canadian Perspective stream at the 1988 Toronto International Film Festival. In conjunction with the film's premiere, Hoffman performed a two-night stand-up comedy stint at Toronto's Horseshoe Tavern.
The film received a Genie Award nomination for Best Feature Length Documentary at the 10th Genie Awards in 1989. The film had its television premiere on First Choice in June 1989.
References
External links
1988 films
1988 documentary films
Canadian documentary films
1980s English-language films
1980s Canadian films
Massimiliano "Massimo" Romi (; 22 May 1893 – 24 April 1979) was an Italian chess master.
Romih was born in Pinguente, Istria (now Buzet), and as a Croatian a citizen of Austria-Hungary, but after World War I the region of Julian March became part of Italy. Soon afterwards, in keeping with its nationalistic ideals, Fascism began to encourage Italianization of foreign or foreign-sounding names and he first became Massimiliano Romih, ultimately dropping the "h" off the end of his name after the San Remo 1930 chess tournament.
He played several times in the Italian Chess Championship, and tied for 5th/6th at Viareggio 1921 (Davide Marotti won), got 2nd at Milan 1931 (behind Stefano Rosselli del Turco), 3rd at Milan 1934 (Mario Monticelli won), shared 2nd place at Florence 1935 (behind Antonio Sacconi). After World War II, he tied for 16th place at Florence 1948, ended 9th at Venice 1951, 3rd at Trieste 1954, and 2nd at Rovigo 1956. Finally, he tied for 12th/15th at Sottomarina (Chioggia) 1970, at the age of 77.
He won at Scarborough 1925,
ended 3rd at Hyères 1926 (Abraham Baratz won), tied for 5th/7th at Spa 1926 (Fritz Sämisch and George Alan Thomas won),
got 7th at Venice 1929 (Rudolf Pitschak won),
16th at San Remo 1930 (Alexander Alekhine won),
4th at Paris 1938 (José Raúl Capablanca won),
and 2nd at Reggio Emilia 1947 (behind Esteban Canal).
Romi played for Italy in unofficial and official Chess Olympiads:
In 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924 (+5 –5 =3);
In 1st Chess Olympiad at London 1927 (+3 –9 =3);
In 4th Chess Olympiad at Prague 1931 (+5 –10 =3);
In 6th Chess Olympiad at Warsaw 1935 (+5 –9 =3);
In 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936 (+6 –11 =3).
References
1893 births
1979 deaths
People from Buzet
Italian chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
People from Istria
Italian people of Croatian descent
20th-century chess players
The Eternal is the fifteenth and final studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth, released on June 9, 2009 by Matador Records, their first and only on that label. It was their first studio album in three years (since Rather Ripped), making it the band's longest delay between studio albums.
The Eternal was the band's highest charting album of their career in the United States, peaking at No. 18 on the Billboard 200.
Background
After Rather Ripped (2006), the band's contract with Geffen Records had expired and the two parties decided to go their separate ways. At the same time, Jim O'Rourke was gradually replaced with ex-Pavement bassist Mark Ibold. Gordon suggested recruiting him for live shows after having played with him in Free Kitten. Moore found that Ibold "immediately locked in, and had really prepared himself to the point where he knew the songs better than we did".
Recording
When the band decided to record, it seemed natural to include Ibold. The process involved rehearsing the songs during the week in the basement of Moore and Gordon's house and subsequently recording them over the weekend. Shelley recalled, "It was like having a different project every week [and] it felt like we were doing a single every weekend. You kind of have to keep on your feet, the speed aspect to this album was very enjoyable". Eventually the band signed with Matador in 2008.
However, the band had begun writing much of the material before changing record labels. On the pop-rock aspects of the album, Moore noted, "I can sort of see a relationship between some of The Eternal and Dirty in terms of the dynamic". He argued that the band "definitely wanted to make songs as opposed to doing an avant-garde opus". On the choice of Matador, he explained that "we decided that they're a really strong song-supportive label". Ranaldo noted how they found inspiration in their earlier recordings on Daydream Nation, which "had an energy that we'd kind of forgotten about, and some of that energy and the experience of doing those songs impacted on the new record."
Content
The cover art was painted by John Fahey.
The album was dedicated to Ron Asheton of the Stooges.
Release
The Eternal was released on June 9, 2009 by record label Matador. The album was released digitally, on CD and as a double vinyl LP, in both a standard and a "Buy Early Get Now" (BEGN) edition.
In 2009, it was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association, which indicated sales of at least 30,000 copies throughout Europe.
Reception
The Eternal holds an approval rating of 79 out of 100 on review aggregator Metacritic, indicating "generally favorable reviews". An early review by Clash said "the album shows signs of life and heart-wrenching vitality that secures its makers' position at the forefront of American rock music". In a "Critic's Choice" review for The New York Times, Ben Ratliff compared the album to two of their albums from the 1990s, Washing Machine and A Thousand Leaves; he pointed out that the album demonstrated Kim Gordon's continued rise as a singer, saying that she "sings all the best stuff" on The Eternal, particularly the album's last song, "Massage the History", a song he called the "record's sleeper stunner". The addition of Ibold in the studio was praised by Monday Field of Frank Booth Review, likening the album's basslines to "a 1AM, alcohol-soaked punch in the gut".
Many reviews were positive: musicOMH gave the album 5 of 5 stars and said that it "acts as a fitting and timeless aide-memoire of everything this mighty band has ever achieved." Los Angeles Times gave it 4 of 4 stars and said, "The music remains ageless and weird, fueled on chaos and clarity, but these are songs, not sound experiments for their own sake". Chicago Tribune gave the album 3.5 out of 4 stars and said: "Back on an independent label after nearly two decades with a major, the post-punk quartet returns to its '80s foundation with an album that breaks little new ground, but sounds thrilling all the same. [...] It casts aside some of the band's fondness for the warped digression and simply moves from one thrill ride to the next, rarely pausing for breath". The A.V. Club gave it a B+ and said that the songs "are more conventionally rock-oriented than any in Sonic Youth's career, yet the album doesn't really sound like a departure".
Other reviews were very average: The Austin Chronicle gave it a score of 3.5 stars out of 5 and said, "The three-guitar interplay, moderated by bassist Mark Ibold and Steve Shelley on drums, is confident if briefly indulgent ('Walkin Blue'), but Sonic Youth reigns in those tendencies for the most part, making The Eternal its most straightforward album yet". Yahoo! Music UK gave the album 6 of 10 stars and said it was "well-built, yes, but almost too well built, many parts sounding like they've been lifted directly from SY's vast back catalogue and slotted into place, like a jigsaw that needed completing, rather than the sprawling documents of noise and confusion this band's name is built upon". Tiny Mix Tapes gave it 3 of 5 stars and said the album was "accessible, listenable, and all the rest: another consistent album from the consistent rock band Sonic Youth".
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album booklet.
Sonic Youth
Kim Gordon – vocals, guitar, production, album back cover
Mark Ibold – bass, production
Thurston Moore – vocals, guitar, production
Lee Ranaldo – vocals, guitar, production
Steve Shelley – drums, percussion, production
Technical
John Agnello – production, recording, mixing
Greg Calbi – mastering
Aaron Mullan – recording
Justin Pizzoferrato – recording assistant
James Frazee – mixing assistant
Ted Young – ProTools engineer
John Fahey – album front cover
John Moloney – gatefold design
Clarence Major – inner sleeve 1 design
Gene Moore – inner sleeve 1 design
Jutta Koether – inner sleeve 2 design
Danny Fields – inner sleeve 2 design
Cody Ranaldo – sleeve photography
Charts
References
Sonic Youth albums
Matador Records albums
2009 albums
Albums produced by John Agnello
El sulfato atómico (English: The Atomic Sulfate) is a 1969 comic written and drawn by Francisco Ibañez for the Mortadelo y Filemón (Mort & Phil) comic series. It is the first long (44 pages) story of the series and the first appearance of the T.I.A. secret agency.
Publication history
The comic strip was first published in the Gran Pulgarcito magazine, issues #1 (January 27, 1969) to 23 (June 30, 1969). It was republished in issue 1 of the Ases del Humor the same year.
Plot
Professor Bacterio has created a sulfate intended to eliminate pests from the field. However, the lotion has just the opposite effect: it considerably enlarges the animals, so it represents a serious danger to humanity.
Worst of all, a bottle of the sulfate was stolen by agents of the Republic of Tirania. There rules the dictator Bruteztrausen, who wants to dominate the world. Mort & Phil must go to Tirania and recover it.
Analysis
This album is drawn more carefully than the rest of the comics of the characters, as they wanted to make it more similar to the French bandes dessinées. In later adventures Ibáñez decided that most readers would not notice or care of that extra details, that were too time-consuming and decided not to draw them anymore. The plot is also more linear than other albums, that are divided in chapters.
References
Mort & Phil comic books
1969 in comics
The Central British Columbia Mountain forests is a temperate coniferous forest ecoregion in north-central British Columbia, as defined by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) categorization system.
Setting
The WWF defines the ecoregion as inhabiting parts of the Stikine Ranges, Skeena Mountains, Omineca Mountains, Muskwa Ranges, and Hart Ranges. The forest is also found along the shores of Williston Lake and Takla Lake, among countless others scattered about the region. Elevations range from 700-2400 metres (2,297-7,874 ft).
Climate
This ecoregion has a predominantly subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with cool to mild summers and cool to cold winters. The mean annual temperature is just 2°C (35.6°F), the mean summer temperature is 12°C (53.6°F), and the mean winter temperature is -8.5°C (16.7°F). Annual precipitation averages between 500-700 mm (19.7-27.6 in) and is drier in the northwest than in the southeast.
Ecology
Flora
The flora present in this ecoregion varies greatly depending on elevation. Low elevations host forests dominated by western red cedar and western hemlock in the northwest, and forests of lodgepole pine, quaking aspen, and black and white spruce in the southeast. Mid to high elevations throughout the ecoregion host forests of alpine fir, lodgepole pine, and Engelmann and white spruce. The highest elevations, which are found in the far northwest and southeast extremes of the ecoregion, host communities of low-lying arctic lupine, glacier lily, mountain heather, and mountain avens.
Fauna
Mammals found throughout this ecoregion include woodland caribou, elk, moose, black-tailed deer, beaver, wolverine, marten, red fox, wolf, and large populations of black bear and grizzly bear. Bighorn sheep and mountain goat can be found at higher elevations.
Birds that take residence in this ecoregion include goose, grouse, loon, ptarmigan, and a variety of owl species.
Protected areas
Some protected areas of this ecoregion include:
Gwillim Lake Provincial Park
Kakwa Provincial Park and Protected Area
Monkman Provincial Park
Pine Le Moray Provincial Park
Sustut Provincial Park and Protected Area
Tatlatui Provincial Park
See also
List of ecoregions in Canada (WWF)
References
External links
Temperate coniferous forests
Ecozones and ecoregions of British Columbia
Forests of British Columbia
Nearctic ecoregions
Ramón María de las Mercedes de Campoamor y Campoosorio (September 24, 1817 – February 11, 1901), known as Ramón de Campoamor, was a Spanish realist poet and philosopher.
Life
He was born at Navia (Asturias) on September 24, 1817.
Abandoning his first intention of entering the Jesuit order, he studied medicine at Madrid, found an opening in politics as a supporter of the Moderate party, and, after occupying several subordinate posts, became governor of Castellón de la Plana, of Alicante and of Valencia. Campoamor identified with the moderate liberalism of his day, repudiating both revolution and reaction equally.
His first appearance as a poet dated from 1840, when the Madrid Lyceum of Art and Literature published his Ternezas y flores, a collection of idyllic verses, remarkable for their technical excellence. His Ayes del Alma (1842) and his Fábulas morales y politicas (1842) sustained his reputation, but showed no perceptible increase of power or skill. An epic poem in sixteen cantos, Colón (1853), is no more successful than modern epics usually are.
Campoamor's theatrical pieces, such as El Palacio de la Verdad (1871), Dies Irae (1873), El Honor (1874) and Glorias Humanas (1885), are interesting experiments; but they are totally lacking in dramatic spirit. He always showed a keen interest in metaphysical and philosophic questions, and defined his position in La Filosofia de las leyes (1846), El personalismo, apuntes para una filosofía (1855), La metafísica limpia, fija y da esplendor al lenguaje (1862), Lo Absoluto (1865) and El Ideísmo (1883). These studies are chiefly valuable as embodying fragments of self-revelation, and as having led to the composition of those doloras, humoradas and pequenos poemas, which the poet's admirers consider as a new poetic species. The first collection of Doloras was printed in 1846, and from that date onwards new specimens were added to each succeeding edition. It is difficult to define a dolora.
One critic has described it as a didactic, symbolic stanza which combines the lightness and grace of the epigram, the melancholy of the endecha, the concise narrative of the ballad, and the philosophic intention of the apologue.
The poet himself declared that a dolora is a "dramatic humorada", and that a "pequeño poema" is a dolora on a larger scale. These definitions are unsatisfactory. The humoristic, philosophic epigram is an ancient poetic form to which Campoamor has given a new name; his invention goes no further. It cannot be denied that in the Doloras Campoamor's special gifts of irony, grace and pathos find their best expression.
Taking a commonplace theme, he presents in four, eight or twelve lines a perfect miniature of condensed emotion.
By his choice of a vehicle he has avoided the fatal facility and copiousness which have led many Spanish poets to destruction.
It pleased him to affect a vein of melancholy, and this affectation has been reproduced by his followers.
He died at Madrid on February 12, 1901.
References
Attribution
External links
19th-century Spanish poets
1817 births
1901 deaths
People from Asturias
Members of the Royal Spanish Academy
Spanish male poets
19th-century male writers
Megasporaceae are a family of fungi belonging to the order Pertusariales. Taxa are lichenized with green algae, and grow on rocks, often in maritime climates close to fresh water. Phylogenetic analysis has shown that this family is related to the Pertusariaceae, another family of lichens. The genus Aspicilia was moved here from the Hymeneliaceae.
Genera
Genera of this family include:
Aspicilia – ca. 200 spp.
Aspiciliella – 2 spp.
Circinaria – 31 spp.
Lobothallia – 17 spp.
Megaspora – 4 spp.
Oxneriaria – 9 spp.
Sagedia – 12 spp.
Teuvoa – 5 spp.
References
Pertusariales
Lichen families
Taxa named by Helge Thorsten Lumbsch
Taxa described in 1994
Lecanoromycetes families
Newbridge Silverware is a designer and producer of jewellery, homeware and giftware products.
History
Newbridge Silverware was founded in 1934 as a homeware manufacturer. It is based in Newbridge, County Kildare.
In 1993, William Doyle took over as chief executive after his father, Dominic, died. Under Doyle the company expanded its product lines to include jewellery.
In 2007, the Museum of Style Icons was established at the Newbridge store and contains pieces of fashion history, including the hot pink cocktail dress worn by Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's. The museum also contains clothing and other memoribilia associated with Marilyn Monroe, the Beatles, Elvis Presley, Betty White, Tippi Hedren and Princess Diana. In 2014, the company reported sales of €21.5 million.
Newbridge Silverware brand ambassadors have included Yasmin Le Bon, Sophie Dahl, Ronan O'Gara, Rob Kearney, Rozanna Purcell, Amy Huberman and Naomi Campbell, among others.
References
Newbridge, County Kildare
Manufacturing companies established in 1934
Companies of the Republic of Ireland
Design companies established in 1934
1934 establishments in Ireland
Tourist attractions in County Kildare
Museums in County Kildare
is a Japanese pop singer. Since his debut, Ki-Yo has worked as a singer, composer, lyricist and ambassador of Miyagi Prefecture. He's known as one of the few openly LGBT musicians in Japan.
History
Early life
In 1982, Ki-Yo was born in Sendai, Miyagi. He was musically influenced by Mariah Carey, Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, Akiko Yano, Elton John, Billy Joel, Noriyuki Makihara, Whitney Houston.
2000–2006: debut and career in Japan
In 2000, Ki-Yo sent a demo to EMI Music Japan when he visited Tokyo to see a concert by Mariah Carey, and was signed by the label for his debut. On October 22, 2000, his first single "No No No" was released. It was a success, charting No. 45 on the Oricon single weekly chart.
On April 18, 2001, "The Only One", his most commercially successful single to date, was released as a third single. It was used in a romantic drama, "Pure Soul ~Kimi ga boku wo wasuretemo~". Eventually, this single charted on the Oricon single yearly chart at No. 82 and Oricon single weekly chart at No. 12 with selling over 400,000 copies. He subsequently appeared in the Japanese music TV show Music Station twice.
His debut album I'll be there was released on July 25, 2001. It charted No. 7 on the Oricon album weekly chart.
In 2004, he sang a backing vocal part in "Shiawase ni narou"（幸せになろう）, a song by Japanese popular singer Hiromi Iwasaki.
This song was included in her 25th album, "Happiness" and it peaked at No. 99 on Oricon Weekly Album Chart.
On December 8, 2004, he released an EP "Stop On By", which includes a cover of a Japanese popular children's song "Tenohira wo Taiyou ni", whose lyrics were written by Takashi Yanase, a Japanese cartoonist best known for Anpanman.
In 2006, he released "Ocean Blue" as an eighth single. It had been two years since he had released his last EP "Stop On By". The song did not enter any charts. This was the last single he released from major record companies to date.
2010–present: working in America and going back to Japan
In 2010, he moved to New York City and started working there. He participated in McDonald's Gospelfest, Gospel Night at Apollo Theater and a play called Black Nativity in Broadway.
In 2011, he was invited to Annual Keepers of the Dream Award Ceremony as a guest choir. His musical talent was praised by Stevie Wonder.
He was played at musical venues including the Bitter End, Canal Room and Whisky a Go Go.
On November 19, 2014, he covered "Let It Go" in the Japanese popular music competition program "The Karaoke Battle".
In 2015, he wrote a song called for a Japanese top singer, Misia.
This song was included in her album, "Love Bebop", which was released on January 6, 2015 and this album charted at No. 4 on Oricon Daily Album Chart.
Also, this song was used in a TV commercial of a Japanese famous drink manufacturer, Kirin beverage.
On December 27, 2015, he performed on a live event, "Sing Mariah" with Japanese female singer Mao Denda. Her first album "Eternal Voice" has sold over 50,000 copies so far.
In May 2016, he announced that he left his management team "Rhythmedia".
On June 30, 2016, he started crowdfunding to release his fourth studio album .
Personal life
Ki-Yo is openly gay. He came out in TOKYO RAINBOW PRIDE 2015.
He took part in "OUT IN JAPAN", a LGBT project by Singaporean photographer Leslie Kee.
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Reissue albums
Remix albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
Promotional singles
DVDs
KIYOTAKA Tour 2010 Over The Sea (Yokohama Edition(BLUE))（2010）
KIYOTAKA Tour 2010 Over The Sea (Osaka Edition(RED))（2010）
Viaggio in Italia 2008（2011）
KIYOTAKA LIVE TOUR 2011 "OVER THE SEA"（2011）
KIYOTAKA AUTUMN TOUR 2011 "SOUL FROM NEW YORK"（2012）
Ki-Yo JAPAN TOUR 2012 "#1"（2013）
Ki-Yo LIVE at Canal Room in New York（2013）
References
External links
Official Website
1982 births
Japanese male singer-songwriters
Japanese singer-songwriters
Japanese male pop singers
Gay musicians
LGBT musicians from Japan
LGBT singers from Japan
LGBT songwriters
Living people
21st-century Japanese singers
21st-century Japanese male singers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
The men's bantamweight (54 kg/118.8 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and the most sparse, involving just six fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
Due to the small number of competitors for a tournament designed for eight men, two of the contestants had byes through to the semi finals. The eventual tournament champion was Azerbaijani Emil Karimov who defeated the Bulgarian Jordan Vassilev by technical knockout in the final to claim gold. Defeated semi finalists Fabrice Bauluck from Mauritius and Moroccan Younes Ouali Alami won bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Varnitsy () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 791 as of 2002. There are 16 streets.
Geography
Varnitsy is located 2 km north of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pyatovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Catalina Paz Cáceres Ríos (born May 16, 1990), simply known as Catalina Cáceres, is a Chilean model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Nuestra Belleza Chile and Miss Universo Chile in 2016. She represented Chile at the Miss Universe 2016 pageant.
Personal life
Catalina is an interior designer and was raised in Huechuraba. Her father is an engineer and her mother is an artist. Caceres volunteers for Alzheimer Chilean Corporation and supports LGBT rights. Her answer after being asked about LGBT adoption and marriage rights during Miss Universo Chile made international headline news.
Catalina is a vegetarian and she speaks English.
Pageantry
Nuestra Belleza Chile 2014
Catalina won the Nuestra Belleza Chile title in 2014, succeeding the previous winner Natalia Lermanda. She bested 21 other finalists in the said pageant.
As part of her responsibilities, Catalina attended the "Green Fair" event that was held at Mapocho Station on September 7, 2014.
Miss Earth 2014
After winning Miss Earth Chile, Catalina flew to the Philippines in November to compete with nearly 100 other candidates to be Alyz Henrich's successor as Miss Earth. However, she failed to place. Miss Earth 2014 was won by Jamie Herrell of the Philippines.
Miss Universo Chile 2016
She was crowned as Miss Universo Chile 2016, making her Chile's representative for the Miss Universe 2016 pageant in the Philippines.
Miss Universe 2016
As Miss Universo Chile, she competed at the Miss Universe 2016 pageant but was ultimately unplaced.
References
Living people
People from Santiago
Miss Earth 2014 contestants
Chilean beauty pageant winners
1990 births
Chilean female models
Miss Universe 2016 contestants
Miss Universo Chile winners
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 2000.
Events
5 February - Ines is selected to represent Estonia at the 2000 Eurovision Song Contest with her song "Once in a Lifetime". She is selected to be the sixth Estonian Eurovision entry during Eurolaul held at the ETV Studios in Tallinn.
Debuts
International
Garfield and Friends (TV3)
Television shows
1990s
Õnne 13 (1993–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
28 October - Aare Laanemets (born 1954), actor
Kiran Srinivas (born March 25, 1985) is an Indian television and film actor. He received critical acclaim for the role of a drug addict, "Roy D'Souza" in Channel V India's Paanch 5 Wrongs Make A Right and played "Dev" in Colors's 24. He was also seen portraying "Dr. Ishaan Srinivas" in Bindass's show Zindagi Wins. He had also acted in Gumrah on Channel V India, Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya on Zing TV and Yeh Hai Aashiqui on Bindass.
Personal life
Srinivas was born and raised in Bangalore, in the state of Karnataka, India. He married Hitha Chandrashekar on 2 December 2019.
Filmography
Television
Films
Web series
References
21st-century Indian male actors
Indian male film actors
Indian male television actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Living people
Male actors from Bangalore
Kannada people
1985 births
Brünninghausen is a Stadtteil (Quarter) in the south of the city of Dortmund in Germany. It belongs to the Stadtbezirk ("City District") Hombruch.
With a population of 3,913 and an area of 2.16 km2 it is one of the smaller parts of Dortmund.
The average annual income in Brünninghausen is about 50,600 Euro, which makes it one of the city's richest areas. It is home to the Zoo Dortmund and the Rombergpark.
References
http://www.dortmund.de/media/p/statistik/pdf_statistik//veroeffentlichungen/jahresberichte/bevoelkerung_1/Nummer_193_-_Bevoelkerung_2011.pdf
https://web.archive.org/web/20141214113900/http://www.dortmund.de/media/p/statistik_3/statistik/veroeffentlichungen/jahresberichte/Statistikatlas_2010.pdf
Dortmund
Doslovče () is one of ten villages in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is best known as the birthplace of the Slovene writer Fran Saleški Finžgar. His house has been a small museum since 1971.
Notes
External links
Doslovče on Geopedia
Žirovnica Tourist Association site
Populated places in the Municipality of Žirovnica
Samdari (समदड़ी) is a city and tehsil headquarters in Barmer district in Rajasthan, northern India.
Demographics
According to the Indian Census 2011, the population of Samdari is 22222, where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207.
Notable people
Goparam Meghwal, Member of the Legislative Assembly
See also
Dheedhas
Samdari Junction railway station
Balotra
References
Samdari Coordinates
Villages in Barmer district
Tehsils of Barmer district
Clinton Hill Historic District is a national historic district in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn, in New York City. It consists of 1,063 largely residential contributing buildings built between the 1840s and 1930 in popular contemporary and revival styles. Buildings include freestanding mansions, row houses, and apartment buildings. The district includes the mansions of Clinton Avenue, built in the 1870s and 1880s. The most prominent of these are linked to Charles Pratt, who built a mansion for himself at 232 Clinton Avenue in 1874, the year his Charles Pratt & Company was acquired by Standard Oil, and one each as wedding presents for three of his four sons. These four mansions can be seen on Clinton Avenue between DeKalb and Willoughby. The rest of the historic district is noted for its prominent Italianate and Beaux-Arts rowhouses. The Clinton Hill South Historic District was listed in 1986.
St. Mary's Episcopal Church at 220 Classon Avenue in Clinton Hill, built c.1859, and the Mechanics Temple, which was built at 67 Putnam Avenue as the Lincoln Club in 1889, are both part of the historic district.
Other buildings in the Historic District include a Gothic Revival wooden house at 284 Clinton Avenue, built c.1854; an Italianate brick and stone villa dating from c.1850 at 447 Clinton Avenue, intact runs of mid-19th century rowhouses on Grand Avenue, St. James Place and Cambridge Place as well as on DeKalb Avenue and Waverly Avenue; mansions from the "Gold Coast" era in the 200 to 400 blocks of Clinton Avenue; and at 367 Washington Avenue; and apartment houses on Clinton Avenue.
Other contributing buildings include churches, schools, a former home for elderly women, and stores.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
See also
Clinton Hill South Historic District
References
Clinton Hill, Brooklyn
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Brooklyn
New York City designated historic districts
New York City Designated Landmarks in Brooklyn
Chhit Makhanpur railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Bhaunathpur Arazi, Akbarnagar in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Podrochale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Podrochale
Yann Claudepierre (born 20 November 1984) is a French male canoeist who won 16 medals at senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships.
References
External links
Yann Claudepierre at Aifck
1984 births
Living people
French male canoeists
Lawthorn is a hamlet near Perceton in Strathannick, Irvine, North Ayrshire, Scotland. The settlement lies on the old Irvine to Stewarton toll road.
History
Lawthorn hamlet
The Annick Water flows between the village of Perceton and the hamlet of Lawthorn, however, the OS map shows that the hamlet was subsumed into the village of Perceton by 1895 and lost much of its identity. Lawthorn Cottage and Lawthornbank Smithy stood close to the Annick Water. Lawthorn cottage had a joiner's workshop with a John Highet as tenant in 1855–1857.
A toll house once stood near Lawthorn Cottage facing the bridge over the Annick Water; it became the property of the Earl of Eglinton after toll roads were abolished in the 1880s and local councils took over responsibility.
Barony of Stane
The lordship of Stonanrig or Stane extended to circa 300 acres and is first recorded as being held by "William Frawnces of le Stane" in 1417.
The Barony of Stane, St Bride's Kirk and Bourtreehill passed by marriage in 1508 of Elizabeth Francis, the sole heiress, to William Montgomery of Greenfield, third son of the 1st Earl of Eglinton. The present castle was built in 1520 by William Montgomery of Greenfield. The tower has been much altered with Gothic windows added when the building was altered to become a folly on the Eglinton Estate. The coat of arms of the Montgomery's of Stane and Greenfield were placed on the tower, being the same as those of Eglinton, but with 'proper distinction'. This may account for the coat of arms being thought to be upside down.
The foundations of the Stanecastle chapel were found a by Mr W Gray when digging drains. Judging from the foundations, the building must have been of considerable extent. The 1858 OS map marks the site of a nearby cemetery and an intriguing subterranean passage or vault four feet below the surface; nothing is visible at the site today. A small village once existed here and Stanecastle may have been the site of a nunnery before it became the home of the Francis family. In the 17th century the twenty shilling lands of old extent called Brydskirk are recorded, but with no mention of a chapel.
Etymology
The term 'Thorn' in Lawthorn may derive from 'torn, thorn, a tower', as in Jocks-Thorn on Cumbrae and in Kilmaurs, "alias Jock-Torn; and head, an eminence; hence tower-hill." 'Thorn' occurs in words meaning ‘assembly', ‘meeting place' and ‘piece of land' or ‘clearing'.
Lawthorn Mount
Lawthorn Mount or 'The Thorn' is a scheduled monument classified as "Prehistoric ritual and funerary: mound, ritual or funerary"
Regarded as a large and prehistoric cairn or barrow, a type of tumulus, a burial mound dating within the time period approximately 1300–700 BC, the Bronze Age. It is the highest point in the locality and its prominence is in keeping with barrows, cairns and other such burial sites.
The name 'Lawthorn' is suggestive of a secondary use as court hill or justice hill, which is the strong local oral tradition. The many 'Law Hills' in Scotland are considered to be ancient seats of justice where feudal justice was dispensed, investitures confirmed and other courts held before tolbooths were built. Stanecastle was the caput of the Barony of Stane and Lawthorn Mount may have been the location where the baronial court convened. No 'gallows' place-names are recorded for the vicinity however the Annick Water is nearby regarding judicial drownings of females as per the power of 'pit and gallows' then held by the laird or baron.
It measures 21 paces in diameter at the base, in diameter at the top and high; is largely composed of boulders and one particularly large boulder of graywacke stone, long, is partially buried on the top edge facing south, above any possible kerb stones. The significance of this distinctive stone is unknown, however, the name 'stone' for the barony, the nearby place-names 'Stonemuir' and 'Lawthorn Mickle Stone' are suggestive a fallen or deliberately levelled standing stone. Given that the name 'William Frawnces de le Stane' is recorded from 1407 the place-name 'Stane' is unlikely to refer to the castle itself being built of stone to replace an earlier wooden one. An unofficial dig in the 20th century revealed no finds such as graves, etc.
Lawthorn Mount has also had been as the possible site of an early castle constructed from wood although no physical evidence has been found as yet to corroborate this. This much disturbed mound is clearly artificial and its size has been confused by a surrounding protective bank suggestive of a roundel created as part of landscaping works.
A Cairnmount Plantation is located nearby to the north and a modern Cairnmount has been built on an artificial mound at Sourlie in Eglinton Country Park.
Girdle Mount
Another well preserved mound stood nearby at Girdle Toll however it was demolished in 1852. This mound was circa 30 feet in diameter and around 3 feet high. A turf dyke also surrounded it and this was surmounted by a thorn hedge. In the vicinity were a number of trees, mainly beech.
Coal mining
In the census of 1820 there were five households with colliers at Lawthorn. The Glasgow and South Western Railway (Perceton Branch) ran from north to south through the area passing close to Littlestane. This was purely a standard gauge mineral line used to transport coal from the nearby collieries. Sections of the route are now used by pedestrians and cyclists.
Lawthorn Wood
This woodland is a Scottish Wildlife Trust nature reserve and is a small, mature deciduous woodland. The tall canopy is now dominated by ash trees, with some beech and sycamore. The elm trees that were once common have died through Dutch elm disease however they have been left and their trunks encourage fungus growth and also provide nesting sites for bats and birds, including great spotted woodpecker. Standing water in a hollow adds to the species diversity of the site, including a locally uncommon plant, the water figwort.
The shape of the woodland boundary suggests that approximately half of the main wood was felled prior to 1856. In 1826 the wood ran down to the road and extended southwards as far as Stanecastle. Parts of this wood survive with a number of old trees, running as far as the main road and bordering Lawthorn Primary School.
The Farms of Lawthorn
Lawthorn Farm itself stands close to Lawthorn Mount. In 1855-57 it was described as a good farm steading with outer buildings used as offices and the tenant under the Earl of Eglinton was a James Dunlop.
Littlestone or Littlestane Farm stood on a lane off the western side of the nearby road and is shown as such in 1856.
A Stone Farm once stood opposite Lawthorn Wood and is recalled by inference in the names 'Littlestane' and the old Littlestane Loch. William Roy's map published in 1752-55 shows Stone Farm lying in between Lawthorn Farm and Littlestone Farm with several buildings and hedged enclosures approached by a lane branching off the road to Stanecastle. Stone Farm is still shown in 1826 but is not indicated on the 1856 OS map The site of the old Stane Farm is today marked by rubble, a building platform, field boundaries and the line of an entrance lane.
Two likely farms are recorded, one as 'Lawthorn Mickle Stone' in John Thomson's 1828 Atlas of Scotland, published in 1832. One may be 'Lawthorn' and the other 'Stane' The use of the name 'mickle' in farming usually refers to the larger of the two farms made up of unequal portions of an older area of land following the agricultural reconstruction of the 18th century as was the case on the Eglinton Estates as introduced by Alexander Montgomerie, 10th Earl of Eglinton.
See also
Cairnduff - A Bronze Age cairn near Stewarton, East Ayrshire.
References
Notes
Sources
Campbell, Thorbjørn (2003). Ayrshire. A Historical Guide. Edinburgh: Birlinn. .
Close, Rob and Riches, Anne (2012). The Buildings of Scotland: Ayrshire and Arran. London : Yale University Press.
Coventry, Martin (2010). Castles of the Clans. Musselburgh: Goblinshead. .
Love, Dane (2003). Ayrshire: Discovering a County. Ayr : Fort Publishing. .
Mackenzie, W.C. (1931). Scottish Pace-Names. London: Kegan Paul, Trench, Trubner & Co.
Paterson, James (1863–66). History of the Counties of Ayr and Wigton. Vol. III - Cunninghame. Edinburgh: J. Stillie.
Smith, John (1895). Prehistoric Man in Ayrshire. London: Elliot Stock.
Strawhorn, John (1985). The History of Irvine. Edinburgh: John Donald Publishers Ltd.
External links
Video footage and history of Lawthorn Mount
History of North Ayrshire
Villages in North Ayrshire
Buildings and structures in North Ayrshire
Irvine, North Ayrshire
The NSW Aboriginal Land Council (NSWALC) is the peak representative body of Aboriginal Australians in New South Wales. It has the mandate, under the Aboriginal Land Rights Act 1983 (NSW), to develop land rights among Aboriginal people in New South Wales through its network of 120 Local Aboriginal Land Councils (LALCs). Its functions include the creation of an economic base for Aboriginal communities, as well as the continued passing and enhancement of Aboriginal culture, identity and heritage through the management of traditional sites and other cultural materials within NSW. It acts as an advisor to governments and others to ensure the preservation of Aboriginal land rights.
History
NSWALC was founded in 1977 to assist in the protests by Aboriginal people for their land rights. It submitted ten land claims to the government from 1977 to 1981, the first being the Terry Hie Hie claim in northwestern NSW. The claims also called for compensation for the damage to their livelihood and loss of land. A Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly upon Aborigines was formed in November 1978, chaired by Maurice Keane. The select committee proposed the formation of an Aboriginal Heritage Commission charged with the protection of sacred sites. It also proposed the formation of a land rights system centered on local Community Councils, backed by Aboriginal Regional Land Councils, and finally an Aboriginal Land Development Commission.
Governance and functions
The NSWALC is an independent statutory corporation constituted under the Aboriginal Land Rights Act 1983 (ALRA). Nine councillors, representing nine regional areas, are elected every four years. Its statutory functions include compliance with the regulations as well as financial management of New South Wales' network of land councils.
the chairperson of NSWALC Council is Anne Dennis, who represents the North Western Region. Charles Lynch, representing the Northern Region, is the deputy chairperson. Both hold office for a term of two years and are eligible for re-election. The seven other regional councillors are: Abie Wright (Sydney/Newcastle), Leeanne Hampton (Wiradjuri), Grace Toomey (Central), Danny Chapman (South Coast), Peter Smith (Mid North Coast), Ross Hampton (Western), Dallas Donnelly (North Coast).
There is an administrative section, overseen by a chief executive officer. The head office is located in Parramatta, and there are five regional branch offices.
Its mandate includes developing land rights among Aboriginal people in New South Wales, via its network of Local Aboriginal Land Councils, through land acquisition, by land claim or purchase, establishment of commercial businesses and community schemes to create an economic base for Aboriginal communities, as well as the continued passing and enhancement of Aboriginal culture, identity and heritage through the management of traditional sites and other cultural materials within NSW.
The NSWALC's function includes advocacy for policies which benefit of the Aboriginal peoples of New South Wales, including representing them at the United Nations.
Local Aboriginal Land Councils
NSWALC oversees a network of 120 Local Aboriginal Land Councils (LALCs), split into nine regions. LALCs seek to improve, protect and foster the best interests of all Aboriginal persons within their area and other Council members (who may reside elsewhere) more generally. LALCs have functions in relation to: land acquisition, land use and management, Aboriginal culture and heritage, financial stewardship and community benefits schemes. In addition to being a statutory corporation, NSWALC itself has the functions of an Aboriginal Land Council (for the whole of NSW) under Aboriginal Land Rights Act 1983 (NSW).
Cummeragunja
Cummeragunja, in the Wiradjuri region, is owned and managed by the Cummeragunja Local Aboriginal Land Council, having taken over from the Yorta Yorta Local Aboriginal Land Council since ownership was passed to it in 1984.
La Perouse
The La Perouse LALC is one of the founding LALCs, established to represent the local Aboriginal people of the La Perouse area in southern Sydney.
Advocacy
After the new targets were announced by the federal government for its new Closing the Gap strategy, NSWALC chief executive James Christian said that the targets were not ambitious enough, in particular the justice goals.
References
Aboriginal land councils
Jatun Pucacocha (possibly from Quechua hatun (in Bolivia always jatun) big / superior / principal, puka red, qucha lake, "big red lake") is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Ocongate District. It is about 0.9 km long and 0.58 km at its widest point. Jatun Pucacocha lies southwest of the mountain Ausangate of the Vilcanota mountain range, between the lakes Uchuy Pucacocha ("little red lake") in the northwest and Pucacocha in the southeast.
References
Lakes of Peru
Lakes of Cusco Region
Akiko C. Bedor Sugiyama is a Palauan politician, and widow of Palauan senator Peter Sugiyama. As late as 1995, she was the only woman who had ever been elected to the Palau National Congress. In 2005, she was elected governor of Ngardmau State in a special election after the impeachment of Schwartz Tudong over the misuse of public funds. Along with Vicky Kanai of Airai, she was the first woman to be elected governor of any of the states of Palau.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Palauan women in politics
Members of the House of Delegates of Palau
People from Ngardmau
Living people
20th-century Palauan women politicians
21st-century Palauan women politicians
Aşağıkavacık is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Easy Rider: The Ride Back is a 2012 drama film and a prequel to the 1969 film Easy Rider. Although none of the cast or production team of the original film were involved in its production, the director Dustin Rikert did secure the legal rights to the name. The film focuses on the history of Wyatt Williams' family and takes an unusually conservative point of view compared to the countercultural tone of the original.
Reception
Critical reception
Leonard Maltin has called the film a bomb and has described the film as a "staggeringly bad attempt to cash in on the iconic original" and that it is "poor on all accounts."
References
External links
2012 films
American drama films
2012 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Fiskarhagen is a village in Botkyrka Municipality, Stockholm County, southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 122 people.
References
Stockholm urban area
Populated places in Botkyrka Municipality
Södermanland
Ephedra californica is a species of Ephedra, known by the common names California jointfir, California ephedra, desert tea, Mormon tea, and cañatillo.
Distribution
The plant is native to many diverse areas of central and southern California, Baja California, and west Arizona. It grows in varied scrub and open habitats, including chaparral, arid grassland, and Creosote scrub. It is found at elevations from .
Regions and landforms of distribution include:
Mojave Desert
Sonoran Desert
Colorado Desert
Peninsular Ranges
Transverse Ranges
Tehachapi Mountains
Southern Sierra Nevada foothills
San Joaquin Valley
South California Coast Ranges
Channel Islands
Southern California coastal basins (undeveloped habitats)
Habitats include:
California chaparral and woodlands
California coastal sage and chaparral ecoregion
California montane chaparral and woodlands ecoregion
California interior chaparral and woodlands
Description
Ephedra californica is a spindly shrub made up of twigs which are greenish when new and age to a yellowish-gray color and have fine longitudinal grooves on their surfaces. The bark becomes gray-brown, and irregularly fissured and cracked. It grows in height, with similar spread.
The tiny leaves grow at nodes on the twigs and dry in drought, to crumble away to leave brownish ridges there. Male plants produce clumps of pollen cones at the nodes and female plants produce egg-shaped seed cones each about long, May to June.
Native American uses
Ephedra californica was used by the indigenous peoples of California as a medicinal plant, culinary ingredient, and for making tools. Tribal people using it included the Kumeyaay—Diegueño and Kawaiisu of present-day Southern California. The branches of the Ephedra californica were frequently brewed for its medicinal properties. The Kumeyaay used the tea of the Ephedra californica to cleanse the blood and kidneys and as an appetite suppressant.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment: Ephedra californica (desert tea)
Flora of North America @ efloras.org: Ephedra californica
USDA Plants Profile — Ephedra californica (California jointfir)
Ephedra californica — U.C. Photo gallery
californica
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Flora of Arizona
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Flora of the Sonoran Deserts
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Natural history of the Central Valley (California)
Natural history of the Colorado Desert
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Santa Monica Mountains
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Plants used in traditional Native American medicine
Nazer and Manzur () is a poem written by Safavid era Persian poet Vahshi Bafqi, notable for featuring a romantic relationship between two men. Nazer is son of the Vizier who falls in love with Manzur, the King's son.
Notes
LGBT poetry
16th-century poems
Persian poems
LGBT in Iran
LGBT short stories
The 37th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly represented New Brunswick between February 12, 1931, and May 22, 1935.
Hugh Havelock McLean served as Lieutenant-Governor of New Brunswick.
Frederick C. Squires was chosen as speaker.
The Conservative Party led by John Babington Macaulay Baxter formed the government. Baxter was replaced by Charles Dow Richards in 1931. Leonard P. Tilley became leader in 1933 after Richards left politics.
History
Members
Notes:
References
Canadian Parliamentary Guide, 1934, AL Normandin
Terms of the New Brunswick Legislature
1931 establishments in New Brunswick
1935 disestablishments in New Brunswick
20th century in New Brunswick
Nine Rivers from Jordan is an opera in a prologue and three acts by composer Hugo Weisgall. The work uses an English libretto by Denis Johnston who derived the libretto from the book of the same title he wrote based on his experiences as a BBC radio reporter during World War II. The work premiered on October 9, 1968, at the New York City Opera. The opera musically, dramatically and symbolically attempts to deal with the unprecedented moral problems caused by the circumstances of the Second World War. The use of many different languages in the libretto, the rapid changes of scene and the geographical extent of the action mirror the universal involvement and confusion of those years. In the opera, actual happenings and imaginary events are juxtaposed.
Synopsis
Don Hanwell, a British soldier stationed in the desert by the Dead Sea, is warned by a mysterious woman not to carry a weapon, as it is ordained that man will meet his death according to the arms he bears. Don heeds her warning and goes weaponless for the rest of the war, but this fact, coupled with Don's general indifference to questions of right or wrong, causes him to allow a German prisoner, Otto Suder, to escape. Subsequently, Suder becomes a guard at Todenwald, a German concentration camp.
In a scene on the Brocken, legendary site of the Walpurgisnacht, an allegorical trial takes place to fix the guilt for the atrocities committed at Todenwald. Don himself feels guilty for his part in Suder's escape years before. Though the verdict of the court is that all mankind is guilty, it pronounces that if Suder dies God will forgive everyone else. Don, feeling it is his duty to kill Suder, takes a hand grenade and sets out to find him.
In the last days of the war Don and a companion, Copperhead Kelly, find Suder, disguised as an English soldier, trying to escape into Italy. When Don announces he has come to kill him, Suder tricks him into taking his identification papers and convinces a mob of refugees that Don is a Nazi and he, Suder, is a British soldier. Copperhead Kelly makes no attempt to come to Don's defense and Don feels betrayed. A woman in the mob takes the grenade from Don and gives it to Suder, who then throws it in an attempt to kill them all but succeeds only in killing himself. Don calls upon Heaven for an explanation of his betrayal and, in a dialogue with God, who speaks with the voice of Copperhead Kelly, is finally made to realize that, though we must accept all life, both good and bad, we ourselves have the personal responsibility for making the choice between right and wrong and, though we are all “dirty,” we are not all damned.
Roles
References
Bibliography
Libretto published by Theodore Presser, Bryn Mawr, Penna., 1968. Reprinted with revisions in The Dramatic Works of Denis Johnston, Vol. 2, Colin Smythe, 1979.
English-language operas
Operas
Operas by Hugo Weisgall
1968 operas
Opera world premieres at New York City Opera
World War II in popular culture
"Don't You Worry" is a song by American group Black Eyed Peas, Colombian singer and songwriter Shakira and French DJ David Guetta. It was released on June 17, 2022, through BEP Music and Epic Records.
Credits and personnel
Adapted from Tidal.
Black Eyed Peas – lead artist
Angelo Carretta – vocal engineer
David Clauss – vocal engineer
Mikkel Cox - producer
Dylan "3D" Dresdow – engineer, mastering engineer, mixing engineer
Tobias Frederiksen – producer
Johnny Goldstein – producer
David Guetta – co-lead artist, producer
Cameron Gower Poole – vocal engineer
Roger Rodés – vocal engineer
Shakira – co-lead artist
will.i.am – producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Certifications
References
2022 songs
2022 singles
Black Eyed Peas songs
Shakira songs
David Guetta songs
Songs written by will.i.am
Songs written by Shakira
Songs written by David Guetta
Song recordings produced by will.i.am
Song recordings produced by David Guetta
Music videos directed by Director X
The Bridges Organization is an organization that was founded in Kansas, United States, in 1998 with the goal of promoting interdisciplinary work in mathematics and art. The Bridges Conference is an annual conference on connections between art and mathematics. The conference features papers, educational workshops, an art exhibition, a mathematical poetry reading, and a short movie festival.
List of Bridges conferences
References
External links
1998 establishments in Kansas
Arts organizations established in 1998
Arts organizations based in Kansas
Mathematics organizations
Mathematics and art
Kenny Milne (born 1 December 1961 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a former Scotland international rugby union player who was capped 39 times. He was also a British & Irish Lion, touring in 1993.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Educated at George Heriot's School in Edinburgh, he played hooker; and went on to play for Heriots.
Milne recalls:
The game that saw Heriot's fight off relegation and retain its First Division status in 1993, after an improbable victory against champions Melrose, probably ranks higher in terms of my most memorable matches than any game I played for Scotland or the Lions.
Provincial career
He was capped by Edinburgh District. He was part of the team that won the 1986–87 Scottish Inter-District Championship.
Milne recalled how his rugby playing brothers helped each other in these inter-district matches:
On the rugby field, Edinburgh vs Glasgow when George Graham was vying for honours at the same time as David, Iain absolutely destroyed George to help David's cause.
International career
He was part of the Grand Slam winning side in 1990. He made his Scotland debut 21 January 1989 against Wales alongside his brother, Iain Milne who was representing his country for the 42nd time as prop. Kenny's final appearance came during the 1995 Rugby World Cup in South Africa against New Zealand. In all he won 39 caps and scored 3 tries. Milne was known for his workrate, durability, hard tackling and courage. He went on one British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand in 1993 playing in the first test v New Zealand.
Business career
He runs a printing company.
Family
He is the brother of Iain, and David Milne.
References
Sources
External links
Sporting heroes 1 2
1961 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Scotland
People educated at George Heriot's School
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Rugby union hookers
Edinburgh District (rugby union) players
Heriot's RC players
Archinto (or Archinti) is a surname of a noble House of Milan, which included:
Carlo Archinto (1669-1732), Count, patron of arts in Milan
Filippo Archinto (1500–1558), Theologian and diplomat, Cardinal Archbishop of Milan
Giuseppe Archinto (1651–1712), Cardinal Archbishop of Milan
Gerolamo Archinto (1651–1710), Bishop of Vigevano
Gerolamo Archinto (1672–1721), Italian bishop, diplomat and historian
Alberico Archinto (1698–1758), Italian cardinal and papal diplomat
Giovanni Archinto (1736–1799), Italian cardinal
Archinto
Archinto
Polestar Racing Group is an American motorsport team based in Chardon, Ohio, which competes in the Atlantic Championship. It was founded in 2001 and is owned by husband and wife team Jim and Pam Griffith, and Bruce Potter.
Polestar has notched 6 victories in the Atlantic series, the first one in 2004, by Ronnie Bremer, who moved to Polestar after driving the season's first five races for Brooks Associates Racing.
The team is notable for running female driver Katherine Legge during the 2005 season, who became the first woman to win a developmental open-wheel race in North America when she won the season's first race at Long Beach.
The team won the revived 2012 SCCA Atlantic Championship, with Memphis-area homebuilder David Grant winning the first of the revived series.
The team
Polestar Racing Group was founded in 2001 and is owned by husband and wife team Jim and Pam Griffith, and Bruce Potter. Jim Griffith is a race engineer, who was part of the Atlantic championship-winning team of Patrick Carpentier (1996), Alex Barron (1997), and Buddy Rice (2000). Additional team members include engineer Glenn Knabenshue and chief mechanics Constantin Gheorghe and Jason Robb.
2003 season
Drivers:Jonathan Macri
2003 was the team's first season in the Atlantic championship. Jonathan Marci finished fourth in the drivers' standings.
2004 season
Drivers:Ronnie Bremer
Polestar won its first Atlantic Championship race, with Ronnie Bremer taking the checkered flag at the Denver street circuit. Bremer finished fifth in the Atlantic Championship and second in the Rookie of the Year standings and the graduated to the Champ Car series where he raced for one season for both Dale Coyne Racing and the HVM team
2005 season
Drivers: Katherine Legge, Antoine Bessette
By far the team's most successful season, Polestar won 5 races in 2004, making them the most successful team for that season. Katherine Legge earned three wins and Antoine Bessette won an additional two races, as well as earning pole position in one of them. Legge and Bessette finished third and fourth, respectively, in the championship final standings. Legge won the series opener at the Long Beach Grand Prix in her first career Atlantic championship start. In doing so, she became the first woman to win a developmental open-wheel race in North America. Legge went on to win two more races, at Edmonton and San Jose. She had a total finished of five podium finishes, and received the Toyota Atlantic BBS Rising Star 2005 Award. Bessette won at Toronto and Montreal. For the season, he had 4 podium finishes, and received the Gilles Villeneuve award by the Atlantic series.
2006 season
Drivers: Alan Sciuto, Antoine Bessette, Ronnie Bremer
Alan Scuito, a rookie, finished the season ranked 8th. He became the youngest-ever Atlantic pole winner at just 17 years of age at Denver. Ronnie Bremer made a single appearance, in Montreal. Antoine Bassette returned to drive in one race, the season finale at Road America in Elkhart Lake, Wisconsin.
2007 season
Drivers:Ronnie Bremer, Bret MacDonald
The team again ran two cars in 2007. Bremer returned to the Atlantic Championship and to Polestar, after driving the 2005 season in the Champ Car series.
2008 season
Drivers: Rich Zober
The team competed in a single race, at the New Jersey Motorsports Park.
References
External links
Official website
American auto racing teams
Atlantic Championship teams
Auto racing teams established in 2001
2001 establishments in Ohio
Wiggins is a large black residential area in central Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
References
Suburbs of Durban
Chan Pak Hei (Chinese: 陳柏熹; born 26 March 1997 in Hong Kong) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division club Hoi King.
College career
Chan spent his college career at Campbellsville and Fresno Pacific.
References
External links
Chan Pak Hei at HKFA
Living people
1997 births
Hong Kong people
Hong Kong footballers
Hong Kong Premier League players
Hong Kong First Division League players
Association football midfielders
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Tuen Mun SA players
TSW Pegasus FC players
Hoi King SA players
Astragalus fasciculifolius is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
fasciculifolius
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
William "Bill" Atkinson (1916-1995) was an American architect and fashion designer working in the American sportswear style.
Early life
Atkinson was born in Troy, New York, in 1916. He studied architecture and landscaping at Cornell University and worked for MGM as a set designer and Chrysler before launching a private architectural practice in 1945. He won the Prix de Rome for architecture in 1940. He was also a keen nature and fashion photographer.
Fashion career
During World War II Atkinson made a skirt for his first wife out of bandanas as a way of getting around government rationing, which led to requests for similar garments and in 1950, he started a firm called Glen of Michigan in collaboration with a contractor. He designed sportswear (an American term for separates and relaxed dressing, rather than activewear for sports) collections for the Milwaukee-based firm, as well as heading up its childrenswear and junior lines. However Atkinson also offered actual sporting clothing, and in 1957 Sports Illustrated voted him Designer of the Year for his calico, corduroy and tweed designs which were equally wearable for traveling, spectating sports, or while playing golf and similar sports. He went on to collaborate with Sports Illusrated on a collection of golfing clothing for Spring 1958.
He finally created a design consultancy in 1970 called Presentations, and in 1974, in partnership with his second wife Jeanne Atkinson, a consultant in the fashion industry, created Bill Atkinson Inc. The company specialized in sportswear which was offered at reasonable bridge price points (bridging the gap between expensive and budget lines), one of the first to do so before it became a common fashion manufacturing practice.
In 1978, the Coty jury voted for him to receive that year's Coty Award for fashion design, and the following year, he won a Dallas Fashion Award. He sold his business to the Toronto-based sportswear company Highland Queen in 1982, officially retired from the fashion industry in 1984, and bought his name back from Highland Queen in 1985.
Personal life and death
Atkinson was married twice. His first, to Sylvia F. Weaver, ended in divorce in 1960. He and Jeanne divorced in 1986. He died 20 August 1995 at home in Westport, Connecticut, of natural causes.
References
1916 births
1995 deaths
American fashion designers
Architects from New York (state)
Set designers
People from Troy, New York
People from Westport, Connecticut
Children's clothing designers
is a run and gun arcade video game developed by Toaplan and published in Japan by Tecmo, North America by Romstar and Europe in August 1990. Set in a future where an alien race from the fictional planet Owagira are threatening to wipe out humanity after multiple failed attempts to defend Earth against their attacks, players assume the role of cyborg mercenaries recruited by the United Nations in a last-ditch effort to overthrow the invaders.
Out Zone received positive reception from critics since its release and has been praised for its visuals, sound design, gameplay, multiplayer, challenge and overall intensity but some lamented the lack of a console release. A spiritual successor, FixEight, was released for arcades in July 1992. As of 2019, the rights to the title is owned by Tatsujin, a company founded in 2017 by former Toaplan member Masahiro Yuge and now-affiliate of Japanese arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia alongside many other Toaplan IPs.
Gameplay
Out Zone is a science fiction-themed vertically scrolling run and gun game reminiscent of Commando and Ikari Warriors, where players assume the role of two cyborg mercenaries hired by the United Nations through seven increasingly difficult levels, each with a boss at the end that must be fought before progressing any further, in a last-ditch effort to overthrow an alien race from the planet Owagira from invading Earth as the main objective. Player fights enemies on foot, moving upward through the level, and are equipped with a number of bombs at the start, which obliterates any enemy caught in its blast radius, however player characters are not rendered invincible for any time period after using a bomb.
A unique gameplay feature is the weapon system; players are equipped with two main weapons at the beginning that can be upgraded by picking up to two "P" icons in a row and switch between them by picking up a "C" icon. The semi-automatic forward gun shoots forward no matter which way players move, but shoots three bullets in a slight spread each time the fire button is pressed, while the all-direction laser fires in the direction of movement, creating a sweep of bullets as the player character changes direction. The laser also shoots rapidly when tapping the fire button and each weapon is useful in certain situations, as players will often have to switch based on the enemy configuration. Other weapons appear on certain occasions as different colored "SP" icons to acquire, like a flamethrower and a rotating energy ball capable of piercing walls. Another gameplay feature is the energy bar; Similar to Wonder Boy, players must remain aware of the energy bar, which constantly runs down at a steady pace and can only be refilled by collecting "E" icons scattered throughout the stage. However, the energy bar itself does not act as health, as players can still be killed with a single enemy shot. Various other "SP" items can also be picked up along the way such as 1UPs, a speed increaser, shield and an energy extender that increases the length of the energy meter.
The game hosts a number of hidden bonus secrets to be found, which is also crucial for reaching high-scores to obtain extra lives, as well as cameos of characters from other Toaplan games such as Flying Shark, Truxton and Zero Wing. The title uses a checkpoint system in which a downed single player will start off at the beginning of the checkpoint they managed to reach before dying. Getting hit by enemy fire, colliding against solid stage obstacles, falling off the stage or running out of energy will result in losing a life, as well as a penalty of decreasing the characters' firepower and speed to his original state and once all lives are lost, the game is over unless the players insert more credits into the arcade machine to continue playing. Although there is an ending, the game loops back to the first stage after completing the last stage as with previous titles from Toaplan, with each one increasing the difficulty and enemies fire denser bullet patterns.
Synopsis
In an advanced space era, humanity encountered, traded and formed alliances with many alien races to ensure security. Humanity had been subject to past invasions from hostile outside forces but the alliances Earth forged granted victories in the past. However in the year 2095, Earth had been subjected a to new invasion launched by the alien military force of planet Owagira, with overwhelmingly powerful and sophisticated weaponry than anything Earth's alliance could counter. With the threat of annihilation looming over, Earth's United Nations receive a message from an alien elder within their alliances about the existence of an ultra-elite mercenary unit named "Out Zone" at a remote region of the Milky Way galaxy. Known as "Space Entrepreneurs" and renowned for their fighting skills by other alien alliances, Out Zone takes sides with no one and are willing to fight any wars for the proper price. Under desperation and as a last-ditch effort to counterattack Owagira's military force, the UN requests Out Zone's service, guaranteeing the UN member nations' entire annual budget as payment. With negotiations complete, two very powerful cyborg mercenaries belonging to Out Zone volunteer for the mission. Having ties to Earth and realizing that their homeworld is in great peril, the two warriors rise up to save it from doom and destroy the Owagira Forces.
Development and release
Out Zones soundtrack was composed by Tatsuya Uemura, who also created the sound effects while Naoki Ogiwara served as designer. Uemura recounted its development process and history in interviews, stating that it was difficult for him as he could not apply his experience from vertical-scrolling shooters with flying ships, as players controlled the game on-foot and could not design its progress. He stated that the project was fundamentally different due to the lack of forced scrolling, which did not require skills from vertical shoot 'em ups and players could move or stop freely. Uemura stated that the intro was written during creation of the demonstration sequence, as the game's world was already established. The team integrated puzzle elements not found in ship-based shooters, which took time to plan out and Uemura stated that the schedule for sound production was constantly being reduced, barely implementing the music during development. For the first stage's music, Uemura revealed in response to a user on Twitter that the main melody was originally composed based on Taiyō ni Hoero!. When composing music for the last stage, Uemura wanted to convey the sense of a "decisive battle". Uemura has since regarded the project as "the most difficult product he worked on".
Out Zone was released in arcades worldwide in August 1990 by Tecmo, Romstar and Toaplan. On October 21 of the same year, an album containing music from the title and Snow Bros. was co-published exclusively in Japan by Scitron and Pony Canyon, featuring an arranged song composed by Uemura. Unlike several other releases by Toaplan, the title remained exclusive to arcades and did not receive any official port to home consoles. In April 2020, M2 announced a new version of Out Zone as part of their M2 ShotTriggers publishing label. It was first announced to be released on the Nintendo Switch. In December 2020, the game was made available on the iiRcade arcade console, marking its first appearance outside the arcades. In 2022, the game will be included as part of the Sega Astro City Mini V, a vertically-oriented variant of the Sega Astro City mini console.
Reception and legacy
Out Zone received positive reception since its release, becoming a well regarded title from Toaplan in recent years. In Japan, Game Machine listed it on their August 15, 1990 issue as being the fifth most-popular arcade game at the time. In Australia, Leisure Line magazine reported the game to be the fifth most-popular Japanese coin-op game in their September 1990 issue. In the November 1990 issue of Japanese publication Micom BASIC Magazine, the game was ranked on the number fifteenth spot in popularity. Likewise, RePlay reported Out Zone to be the fourteenth most-popular arcade game at the time in North America. In May 1991, UK magazine Zero ranked it on their number nine spot in popularity.
Sinclair User praised the fast-paced gameplay and frenetic action, stating that "Outzone is one hell of a challenge, particularly past the initial stages, but is sure to set the pulse racing if you've got the reactions to match it!". Likewise, David Wilson of Your Sinclair praised the frenetic gameplay, although he drew comparison with Mercs. Retro Gamer'''s Mike Bevan gave positive remarks to the presentation but lamented the lack of a console release. Computer and Video Gamess Julian Rignall scored the game with an overall 80% rating. Nick Zverloff of Hardcore Gaming 101 gave it an overall mixed retrospective. Similarly, Malcolm Laurie from SHMUPS! lamented the lack of a console port but praised the visuals, sound design, gameplay and multiplayer.Out Zone was included as one of the titles in the 2010 book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die. A spiritual sequel, FixEight, was released in July 1992 for arcades. In more recent years, the rights to the game, its spiritual follow-up and many other IPs from Toaplan are now owned by Tatsujin, a company named after Truxton'''s Japanese title that was founded in 2017 by former Toaplan employee Masahiro Yuge, who are now affiliated with arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia.
Notes
References
External links
Out Zone at GameFAQs
Out Zone at Giant Bomb
Out Zone at Killer List of Videogames
Out Zone at MobyGames
Out Zone at The Toaplan Museum
1990 video games
Arcade video games
Cooperative video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Romstar games
Run and gun games
Science fiction video games
Tecmo games
Toaplan games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Tatsuya Uemura
Video games set in the 2090s
Video games set in the future
Barry Schoub is a South African virologist known for his work in HIV/AIDS research. He is Professor and Head of the Department of Virology at University of the Witwatersrand. He is the founding Director of the National Institute For Communicable Diseases (NICD) Of South Africa, serving as Executive Director between 2002 and 2011. He chairs South Africa's ministerial advisory committee on COVID-19 vaccines. He is also the founding president of the African Virology Association, chairs the Scientific Advisory Panel of the Poliomyelitis Research Foundation and served on the Scientific Advisory Committee of the South African AIDS Vaccine Initiative. Commenting on the importance of the Covid-19 vaccines, Schoub said that There is a need “for early recognition and immediate epidemic control of emerging infectious diseases.” He continued, saying that “International health cooperation and its facilitation, which has to be free of political interference, is a priority and an imperative. Provisions must be made for a global infrastructure for rapid vaccine manufacture and distribution to all parts of the world. Now may well be the time to plan for a future in which vaccines are not treated as commercial commodities but as essential prevention instruments to benefit the health of everyone on the planet.”
References
Living people
South African virologists
21st-century South African physicians
20th-century South African men
20th-century South African scientists
HIV/AIDS researchers
University of the Witwatersrand academics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marcelo Demoliner and Santiago González defeated Ariel Behar and Gonzalo Escobar in the final, 4–6, 6–3, [10–8], to win the doubles tennis title at the 2021 Stuttgart Open. It was their second title as a team, their first in three years. Behar and Escobar were contesting for their third title of the season.
John Peers and Bruno Soares were the defending champions from when the tournament was last held in 2019, but Peers chose not to participate. Soares played alongside Jamie Murray but lost in the first round to Demoliner and González
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External Links
Main Draw
MercedesCup - Doubles
Doubles 2021
The Golden Hockey Stick () is an award given to the top Czech ice hockey player. It was originally awarded to the top player in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League, beginning in the 1968–69 season. After the Czech Republic and Slovakia became separate countries in 1993, it was awarded to the top Czech player anywhere in the world.
Jaromír Jágr has won this award 12 times, more than any other player. Dominik Hašek and David Pastrňák have won it five times.
Winners (team in parentheses)
1969 Jan Suchý (HC Dukla Jihlava)
1970 Jan Suchý (Dukla Jihlava)
1971 František Pospíšil (HC Kladno)
1972 František Pospíšil
1973 Vladimír Martinec (HC Pardubice)
1974 Jiří Holeček (Sparta Prague)
1975 Vladimír Martinec (HC Pardubice)
1976 Vladimír Martinec (HC Pardubice)
1977 Milan Nový (HC Kladno)
1978 Ivan Hlinka (HC Litvínov)
1979 Vladimír Martinec (HC Pardubice)
1980 Peter Šťastný (HC Slovan Bratislava)
1981 Milan Nový (HC Kladno)
1982 Milan Nový (HC Kladno)
1983 Vincent Lukáč (HC Košice)
1984 Igor Liba (HC Dukla Jihlava)
1985 Jiří Králík (HC Gottwaldov)
1986 Vladimír Růžička (HC Litvínov)
1987 Dominik Hašek (HC Pardubice)
1988 Vladimír Růžička (HC Dukla Trenčín)
1989 Dominik Hašek (HC Pardubice)
1990 Dominik Hašek (HC Dukla Jihlava)
1991 Bedřich Ščerban (Dukla Jihlava)
1992 Róbert Švehla (HC Dukla Trenčín)
1993 Miloš Holaň (HC Vítkovice)
1994 Roman Turek (HC České Budějovice)
1995 Jaromír Jágr (Pittsburgh Penguins)
1996 Jaromír Jágr (Pittsburgh Penguins)
1997 Dominik Hašek (Buffalo Sabres)
1998 Dominik Hašek (Buffalo Sabres)
1999 Jaromír Jágr (Pittsburgh Penguins)
2000 Jaromír Jágr (Pittsburgh Penguins)
2001 Jiří Dopita (HC Vsetín)
2002 Jaromír Jágr (Washington Capitals)
2003 Milan Hejduk (Colorado Avalanche)
2004 Robert Lang (Detroit Red Wings)
2005 Jaromír Jágr (HC Kladno, Avangard Omsk)
2006 Jaromír Jágr (New York Rangers)
2007 Jaromír Jágr (New York Rangers)
2008 Jaromír Jágr (New York Rangers)
2009 Patrik Eliáš (New Jersey Devils)
2010 Tomáš Vokoun (Florida Panthers)
2011 Jaromír Jágr (Avangard Omsk)
2012 Patrik Eliáš (New Jersey Devils)
2013 David Krejčí (Boston Bruins)
2014 Jaromír Jágr (New Jersey Devils)
2015 Jakub Voráček (Philadelphia Flyers)
2016 Jaromír Jágr (Florida Panthers)
2017 David Pastrňák (Boston Bruins)
2018 David Pastrňák (Boston Bruins)
2019 David Pastrňák (Boston Bruins)
2020 David Pastrňák (Boston Bruins)
2021 David Pastrňák (Boston Bruins)
2022 Ondřej Palát (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Sources
The Highest Competition in the Czech Republic and Czechoslovakia
Czech
Ice hockey in Czechoslovakia
Czech ice hockey trophies and awards
Awards established in 1969
1969 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Stegelytrini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. There are 30 genera and over 80 species in Stegelytrini. Some authors consider Stegelytrini to be its own subfamily, but Zahniser & Dietrich (2013) consider it to be the earliest divergent lineage of Deltocephalinae.
Genera
There are currently 30 described genera in Stegelytrini:
References
Deltocephalinae
HMS Crescent was a C-class destroyer which was built for the Royal Navy in the early 1930s. The ship was initially assigned to the Home Fleet, although she was temporarily deployed in the Red Sea and Indian Ocean during the Abyssinia Crisis of 1935–36. Crescent was sold to the Royal Canadian Navy in late 1936 and renamed HMCS Fraser. She was stationed on the west coast of Canada until the beginning of World War II when she was transferred to the Atlantic coast for convoy escort duties. The ship was transferred to the United Kingdom (UK) in May 1940 and helped to evacuate refugees from France upon her arrival in early June. Fraser was sunk on 25 June 1940 in a collision with the anti-aircraft cruiser while returning from one such mission.
Design and construction
Crescent displaced at standard load and at deep load. The ship had an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . She was powered by Parsons geared steam turbines, driving two shafts, which developed a total of and gave a maximum speed of . Steam for the turbines was provided by three Admiralty 3-drum water-tube boilers. Crescent carried a maximum of of fuel oil that gave her a range of at . The ship's complement was 145 officers and men.
The ship mounted four 45-calibre 4.7-inch Mk IX guns in single mounts, designated 'A', 'B', 'X', and 'Y' from front to rear. For anti-aircraft (AA) defence, Crescent had a single QF 3-inch 20 cwt AA guns between her funnels, and two QF 2-pounder Mk II AA guns mounted on the aft end of her forecastle deck. The AA gun was removed in 1936 and the 2-pounders were relocated to between the funnels. She was fitted with two above-water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21-inch torpedoes. Three depth-charge chutes were fitted, each with a capacity of two depth charges. After World War II began this was increased to 33 depth charges, delivered by one or two rails and two throwers.
Crescent was ordered on 30 January 1930 as part of the 1929 Naval Programme and laid down on 1 December 1930 at Vickers-Armstrongs, Barrow-in-Furness. She was launched on 29 September 1931 and completed on 15 April 1932.
Operational history
After the ship commissioned on 21 April 1932, she was assigned to the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla of the Home Fleet. Crescent collided with her sister at Chatham on 21 July and was under repair until 27 August. Crescent was refitted at Chatham between 30 March and 6 May 1933, before deploying to the West Indies between January and March 1934. She was given another refit at Chatham from 27 July to 3 September 1934. Crescent was detached from the Home Fleet during the Abyssinian Crisis, and deployed in the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea from September 1935 to April 1936. When the ship returned, she was refitted at Sheerness between 23 April to 13 June and placed briefly in reserve.
Transfer to the Royal Canadian Navy
Together with her sister , Crescent was sold to Canada on 20 October 1936 for a total price of £400,000. She was refitted again to meet Canadian standards, including the installation of ASDIC (sonar), and taken over by them on 1 February 1937. The ship was renamed as HMCS Fraser and commissioned into the RCN at Chatham on 17 February. Fraser was assigned to the Canadian Pacific Coast and arrived at Esquimalt on 3 May 1937. She remained there until she was ordered to the East Coast on 31 August 1939.
When World War II began on 3 September, Fraser was transiting the Panama Canal and arrived at Halifax on 15 September. She and her sisters were employed as local escorts to ocean convoys sailing from Halifax. In November the Royal Navy's North America and West Indies Station took operational control of the Canadian destroyers. The ship escorted the convoy bringing most of the 1st Canadian Infantry Division to Britain part way across the North Atlantic in mid-December. In March 1940 she was ordered to join the Jamaica Force for Caribbean patrols before being reassigned to Western Approaches Command two months later. On 26 May she left Bermuda for Britain and arrived at Plymouth on 3 June where she was pressed into service evacuating Allied troops from various French ports on the Atlantic coast. Sometime in 1940, the ship's aft set of torpedo tubes was removed and replaced by a AA gun.
Loss
On 25 June 1940, Fraser, her sister , and the cruiser Calcutta were returning from St. Jean de Luz after rescuing refugees trapped by the German Army (Operation Aerial), when Fraser was rammed by Calcutta in the Gironde estuary. Struck forward of the bridge by the cruiser's bow, Fraser was cut in half and sank immediately. All but 45 of the ship's crew were rescued by Restigouche and other nearby ships. Many of the survivors from Fraser transferred that later summer to , and were lost when that vessel sank on 22 October 1940 as a result of a collision with the freighter MV Port Fairy.
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
Canadian Navy Heritage Project: HMCS Fraser
Ships of the Royal Canadian Navy
C and D-class destroyers
Ships built in Barrow-in-Furness
1931 ships
Canadian River-class destroyers
Canadian River-class destroyers converted from C and D-class destroyers
Maritime incidents in June 1940
Ships sunk in collisions
Maritime incidents in France
Aletha Jauch Solter (born 1945) is a Swiss/American developmental psychologist who studied with Jean Piaget in Switzerland before earning a PhD in psychology at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Her specialist areas are attachment, psychological trauma, and non-punitive discipline.
What differentiates her work is that it combines attachment parenting principles with an understanding of the impact of stress and trauma, and thus her work is apparently able to help families who are struggling with sleep, discipline, and emotional health issues that other approaches have been unable to resolve.
Her first book, The Aware Baby, has sold over 200,000 copies worldwide. Subsequent publications are Cooperative and Connected, Tears and Tantrums, Raising Drug-Free Kids, Attachment Play, and Healing Your Traumatized Child.
In 1990 she founded The Aware Parenting Institute, an international organization with certified instructors in many countries. She has led workshops for parents and professionals in 17 countries.
Published books
Aletha Solter has written six books on parenting, which have been translated into many languages.
The Aware Baby. Shining Star Press, 2001.
Cooperative and Connected: Helping children flourish without punishments or rewards, Shining Star Press, 2018. (This is a revised and updated version of Helping Young Children Flourish.)
Tears and Tantrums: What to do when babies and children cry. Shining Star Press, 1998.
Raising Drug-Free Kids: 100 tips for parents. Da Capo Press, 2006.
Attachment Play: How to solve children's behavior problems with play, laughter, and connection. Shining Star Press, 2013.
Healing Your Traumatized Child: A Parent's Guide to Children's Natural Recovery Processes. Shining Star Press, 2022.
Published articles
A 2-year-old child's memory of hospitalization during early infancy. Infant and Child Development, 2008, 17, 593–605.
A case study of traumatic stress disorder in a 5-month-old infant following surgery. Infant Mental Health Journal, 2007, 28(1), 76–96.
Hold me! The importance of physical contact with infants. Journal of Prenatal and Perinatal Psychology and Health, 2001, 15(3), 21–43.
Warum Babys weinen (Why babies cry). In T. Harms (Ed.), Auf die Welt gekommen: Die neuen Baby Therapien (pp. 387–409). Ulrich Leutner Verlag, Berlin, 2000.
Helping Preschoolers Cope With Stress. In B. Farber (Ed.), Guiding Young Children's Behavior: Helpful Ideas for Parents and Teachers from 28 Early Childhood Experts (pp. 118–123). Preschool Publications, Inc., 1999.
Why do babies cry? Journal of Prenatal and Perinatal Psychology and Health, 1995, 10(1), 21–43.
Understanding tears and tantrums. Young Children, 1992, 47(4), 64–68. (National Association for the Education of Young Children)
Speed, accuracy, and strategy differences in spatial processing. Bulletin of the Psychonomics Society, 1981, 18(2), 58-59 (with J.W. Pellegrino & V. Cantoni).
Broader transfer produced by guided discovery of number concepts with preschool children. Journal of Educational Psychology, 1978, 70(3), 363-371 (with R.E. Mayer).
Reference and sources
Aware Parenting Institute
Amazon's Aletha Solter Page
Aware Parenting YouTube channel
External links
American developmental psychologists
American women psychologists
Developmental psychologists
American family and parenting writers
American people of Swiss descent
1945 births
Living people
21st-century American women
Swiss psychologists
Swiss women psychologists
Robert Brandt (born October 21, 1982 in Helsinki) is a Finnish long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2006 - Hamar, 30th
2008 - Kolomna, 25th
National Championships
2002 - Seinäjoki, 3rd at allround
2003 - Seinäjoki, 1st at 10000 m
2003 - Seinäjoki, 3rd at allround
2004 - Helsinki, 2nd at 5000 m
2004 - Seinäjoki, 1st at 10000 m
European Youth-23 Games
2004 - Göteborg, 3rd at 10000 m
External links
Brandt at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Brandt at SkateResults.com
1982 births
Finnish male speed skaters
Living people
Sportspeople from Helsinki
is a railway station on the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the Nishikigawa Railway, a third-sector railway company.
Lines
The station is served by the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line and is located 31.0 km from the start of the line at .
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened the station on 1 October 1963 as an intermediate station when the then was extended from to . With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, control of the station passed to JR West which then ceded control to Nishikigawa Railway on 25 July 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 4 passengers daily.
References
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1963
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Serhii Sternenko (, born ) is a Ukrainian social activist, lawyer and YouTuber. As of 2022, his YouTube channel has over 1 million subscribers. He is the head of the non-government organization Nebayduzhi () and a former board member and head of the Odesa regional branch of the Right Sector, an active participant in the 2014 Ukrainian revolution, and one of the founders of the People's Lustration.
Sternenko was the target of three assassination attempts. In 2018, he became visible in the media after the third attempt. It is believed that the "manhunt" was organized by supporters of pro-Russian groups and their sympathizers. During the incident, one of the two attackers died and the second fled abroad. As a result, Sternenko has been accused of exceeding the limits of self-defence. The police formally charged him with premeditated murder and possession of weapons without permit. However, Andrii Radionov, the senior prosecutor in the case, refused to sign the charges, claiming that the case and the evidence in the case are biased and do not comply with the legislation of Ukraine.
The case against Sternenko received considerable media attention and prompted hundreds of activists to gather near the court building in support of Sternenko. Hundreds of security officers were called upon to restrain the people.
Biography
Sternenko is a native of the village of , located on the banks of Dniester Estuary near Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi. Serhii's father is a former border guard, his mother is a teacher. In 2019 he graduated from the Odesa University with a jurisprudence diploma.
Sternenko was an active participant in the 2014 Ukrainian revolution and is one of the founders of the Lustration in Ukraine, a civil activist and lawyer, the head of the non-government organization Nebayduzhi and a former board member and head of the Odesa regional branch of the Right Sector.
In 2015, Sternenko's house in Odesa was searched. The activist voluntarily handed to law enforcement officials his air gun, a collectible knife, and a noise pistol. Serhii Shcherbych had accused Sternenko of his alleged abduction, alleging that Sternenko wanted to steal UAH 300 (about US$11). Sternenko denied ever having met Shcherbych; according to court proceedings other members of Right Sector did. Shcherbych was a deputy of the Lyman Raion Council for the pro-Russian Rodina party who was accused of organising so-called titushky (criminal gangs hired to beat up anti-government protesters).
On 9 October 2019, the General Prosecutor's Office of Ukraine sent a criminal case involving attacks on civil activist Serhii Sternenko in Odesa to the Main Investigation Directorate of the SBU to check the information about the possible involvement of local authorities and police of the Odesa city. Earlier in 2018, the Odesa police launched criminal proceedings under Part 1, Article 15, Part 1, Article 115 (attempted murder) of the Criminal Code of Ukraine due to an assassination attempt on activist Serhii Sternenko. The attack on Sternenko took place right next to his place of residence in Odesa during night time hours. The Sternenko's assailants were not residents of Odesa. During 2018 there were at least three attacks on Sternenko, one of which led to death of one of the attackers. Following the death, one of the former attackers accused Sternenko of planned assassination against them. As witnessed by Isaikul himself, Sternenko attacked him and Kuznetsov while holding hands with his girlfriend and carrying groceries. The attack on Sternenko was one of several repressions against activists and journalists such as Kateryna Handziuk in 2018 throughout South Ukraine and Odesa in particular.
A week after her appointment on 25 March 2020, the new Prosecutor General of Ukraine Iryna Venediktova held a formal meeting with the Minister of Internal Affairs Arsen Avakov to discuss the case about attack on Sternenko, but called it as the notorious case about murder of Ivan Kuznetsov. At the time of that meeting the case was under investigation in the Security Service of Ukraine.
The senior prosecutor of the case, Andrii Radionov, refused to sign the suspicion in the court case involving the attack on Sternenko. He claimed that the case and the evidence in the case were biased and did not comply with the legislation of Ukraine. The case became resonant, and thus, on 12 June 2020, hundreds of activists gathered near the court walls in defense of Sternenko, while hundreds of security officers were called up on to restrain the people.
On 23 February 2021 a court in Odesa found Sternenko and Ruslan Demchuk guilty of the abduction of Serhii Shcherbych and the illegal possession of arms. Sternenko was sentenced to seven years and three months in prison and half of his property was confiscated. That same evening,initially 500 but eventually 2,000 people protested near the Office of the President of Ukraine against his imprisonment. Seventeen protesters were detained amid clashes with police. On 31 May 2021 The Odesa Court of Appeals partially reversed the verdict in this case against Sternenko and Demchuk. The kidnapping sentence was the only part of the sentence not overturned, but they were released from punishment due to the expiration of the term of prosecution. The Court of Appeal ruled that the prosecution had not provided sufficient evidence that Shcherbych was robbed.
Video Blog
Serhii runs his own video blog on YouTube, where he talks about events in Ukraine. It won a Palianytsia Award for Man of the Year in Ukrainian YouTube from the editorial office of Toronto Television.
Honors
On October 4, 2016, he was awarded the Medal "For Sacrifice and Love for Ukraine" by the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyiv Patriarchate
See also
Kateryna Handziuk
References
External links
STERNENKO YouTube Channel
Tatiana Katrichenko. Defense reflex. How the Serhii Sternenko case became political (Захисний рефлекс. Як справа Сергія Стерненка стала політичною). Focus.ua. 16 June 2020.
1995 births
People from Odesa Oblast
Ukrainian human rights activists
Ukrainian victims of crime
Living people
People convicted of kidnapping
People convicted of robbery
Lukáš Provod (born 23 October 1996) is a Czech football player who plays for Slavia Prague, as a left winger.
Club career
He made his Czech National Football League debut for Baník Sokolov on 6 August 2016 in a game against Vlašim.
On 3 September 2019 Slavia Prague confirmed, that Provod had arrived on loan from Viktoria Plzeň and that the deal would turn into a permanent deal from the new year.
International career
Provod scored his first international goal in the Czech Republic's 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Belgium on 27 March 2021.
Career statistics
Club
International goals
Honours
Club
České Budějovice
Czech National League: 2018–19
Slavia Prague
Czech First League: 2019–20, 2020–21
Czech Cup: 2020–21
Individual
UEFA Europa League Squad of the Season: 2020–21
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Plzeň
Czech footballers
Czech Republic international footballers
Czech Republic youth international footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
FK Baník Sokolov players
SK Dynamo České Budějovice players
SK Slavia Prague players
Czech First League players
Czech National Football League players
Association football forwards
Sidi El Bahri Mosque, also called masjed Sidi El Bahri (Arabic: مسجد سيدي البحري), is one of the historical mosques of the medina of Sfax. It is classified as a national monument since 1922.
Location
The mosque is located on the southern part of the medieval city of Sfax. It opens, at the same time, on the Kasbah's street and the Bab Diwan square. Thanks to this strategic location, the Sidi El Bahri mosque played other roles besides its religious function: it had a defensive function, controlling the passengers flood through of the medina's main entrance, Bab Diwan, as well as an economic role, supervising commercial activities and financial exchanges, especially during the Hafsid era.
History
Due to lack of documentation, the history of this mosque is still unclear. It is mentioned in registers of deeds of habous as well as in the inventory of monuments set by the students of the Military School of Bardo in the middle of the 19th century. The architectural style of the mihrab of this mosque suggests that it was built during the hafsid dynasty's reign.
According to an epigraphic inscription that decorates the monument, the construction of the building is attributed to Al Kotti family, known for its famous constructors in the medina of Sfax. Another inscription dating from 1789 commemorates restoration work on the monument during the Husainid era.
Description
The Sidi El Bahri mosque is composed of a rectangular prayer room measuring 7.5 meters long and 7 meters wide. Its vaulted roof rests on four central columns which divide the space into three longitudinal naves, parallel to the wall of the qibla, and three other naves that are perpendicular to it. There is a local traditional decoration, common to many other monuments of the medina. Its mihrab, of simple style, is very similar to the one in Sidi Ali Ennouri Mausoleum's prayer room.
The building has a stone facade with carved stone framed openings and epigraphic inscriptions on top of the front door.
References
Mosques in Sfax
Onebala blandiella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1864. It is found in Sri Lanka, India and Myanmar.
Adults are fawned coloured with a slight cinereous (ash-grey) tinge, the forewings with slight metallic-green reflections and a large oblong dark brown cinereous-bordered spot in the disc before the middle, as well as a very large exterior triangular dark brown cinereous-bordered spot, which has its base on the costa and extends to the interior border. The hindwings are slightly gilded.
The larvae roll the leaves of Lamium species.
References
Moths described in 1864
Onebala
Ralza Morse Manly (January 16, 1822 September 16, 1897) was an American minister and educator. He led the development of schools for African-Americans in Virginia after the end of the American Civil War as the superintendent of Freedmen's Bureau schools in the state. Manly spearheaded the foundation of the Richmond Colored Normal School.
Biography
Ralza Morse Manly was born on January 16, 1822, in Dorset, Vermont, to William Manly and Sarah Dunton Manly. He attended Wesleyan University, graduating with a bachelor and master's of arts, in 1848 and 1851, respectively. For four years beginning in 1848 he was principal of a grammar school in Randolph, Vermont, before leaving to become president of Northfield Academy, a post he held from 1853 to 1854. From 1853 to 1857 Manly was also the editor of the Christian Messenger. In 1857 Manly was ordained as a minister in the Methodist Episcopal Church; he was a deacon by 1862 and an elder in 1864. He taught natural science and Latin at the Newbury Seminary in 1857 followed by two years as the principal of the Troy Conference Academy and two years as the principal of the New Hampshire Conference Seminary, ending in 1862. Manly was a chaplain during the American Civil War with the 16th New Hampshire Infantry Regiment from October 1862 to 1863. On January 10, 1864 became chaplain of the 1st United States Colored Cavalry. Manly was stationed with the 1st in Fort Monroe and created schools for soldiers who were illiterate.
Upon the war's end in 1865, Manly was assigned to the Freedmen's Bureau in June 1865 and made Virginia's assistant superintendent of education. He settled in Richmond, Virginia, and replaced W. H. Woobury as superintendent of the Freedmen's Bureau schools in Virginia after several months a post he held until January 1869 and again from May 1 to August 15, 1870, at which point the Bureau stopped its operations in Virginia. Manly oversaw a vast increase in the state's school system during his tenure. In 1868 and 1869 Manly used his position to attempt to influence elections, through funding and assignments of teachers, in favor of Henry H. Wells and similar moderate Republicans, but was unsuccessful in the latter year. As superintendent he also opposed school integration, arguing that white people would refuse to attend integrated schools.
While superintendent, he envisioned creating a school which would train African-American teachers, who could in turn travel around the Southern United States and "inspire" Blacks living around the nation. The school was opened in October 1867 in Navy Hill-Jackson Ward as the Richmond Colored Normal School, in part through the efforts of the Richmond Educational Association, which Manly co-founded and headed. Manly endeavored to ensure it was a success, giving the school a high-quality building, teachers, and equipment. It was initially funded privately, chiefly by missionaries from the Northern United States. Manly himself was the school's president from 1869 to 1879, and later from 1883 to 1885, remaining active even after the Freedmen's Bureau ceased operation. Upon the Bureau's ceasing of operations, the Richmond Educational Association took ownership of the school. He also held a seat on the Richmond School Board (from June 1869 to 1875) and city council (from August 1869 to 1874; appointed in 1869, elected in 1871). Manly was then elected to the city's new board of aldermen, a post he held for three years and eventually resigned in October 1877. The Normal School was taken over by Richmond in June 1876.
On August 16, 1848, he was married to Sarah B. Wright; they had four children. Manly re-married to Mary Louisa Patterson on July 15, 1884, and moved to Wellesley, Massachusetts, where he taught for five years (1885-1890) at Wellesley College. The couple later moved to Georgia (1892) and then to San Diego (1895). Manly died there on September 16, 1897.
References
Bibliography
1897 deaths
1822 births
People from Dorset, Vermont
Wellesley College faculty
The Mirador (2007) is a fantasy novel by Sarah Monette. It is the third book of the Doctrine of Labyrinths series, which includes Mélusine, The Virtu, and Corambis.
See also
Doctrine of Labyrinths
External links
Sarah Monette's official site
2007 American novels
American fantasy novels
Ace Books books
The R329 road is a regional road in east central County Mayo in Ireland. It connects the N17 road at Shanvaghera – via Knock – to the N17 road at Ballyfarnagh, away (map).
The government legislation that defines the R329, the Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2012 (Statutory Instrument 54 of 2012), provides the following official description:
R329: Knock, County Mayo (Part Old National Route 17)
Between its junction with N17 at Shanvaghera and its junction with N17 at Ballyfarnagh via Knock all in the county of Mayo.
See also
List of roads of County Mayo
National primary road
National secondary road
Regional road
Roads in Ireland
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Mayo
Edward "Ed" Nordman (October 24, 1864 – January 20, 1939) was an American politician and farmer.
Born in New London, Wisconsin, Nordman worked in construction and settled in Polar, Wisconsin. He taught school and farmed. He served as Langlade County, Wisconsin School Superintendent in 1888 and also served as superintendent of assessments. Nordman served on the Wisconsin Board of Agriculture from 1905 to 1910. Nordman was a strong supporter of Henry George's teachings. From 1913 to 1919, Nordman served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was a Democrat. During his time in the Wisconsin Assembly, Nordman was one of four Democrats who refused to support the Wilcox Resolution condemning United States Senator Robert M. La Follette, Sr.'s attitude about World War I. Later in 1919, Nordman was a member of the Wisconsin State Council of Defense. In 1920, Nordman was appointed the first Wisconsin Agriculture Commissioner. In 1928, Nordman moved to La Feria, Texas where he operated a fruit farm. He died in La Feria, Texas in 1939.
Notes
1864 births
1939 deaths
People from La Feria, Texas
People from Langlade County, Wisconsin
People from New London, Wisconsin
Farmers from Texas
Farmers from Wisconsin
Educators from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Democrats
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Educators from Texas
The Immaculate Heart of Mary School is a historic school building on the campus of the Immaculate Heart of Mary Church in northern Pulaski County, Arkansas. It is located off Arkansas Highway 365, north of North Little Rock and east of Marche. The building is a single-story wood-frame building with Craftsman styling. It has a gable-on-hip roof with a front porch supported by square brick columns, with false timbering applied over vertical boards in the gable end. The building was built in 1925 by the church's head carpenter, George Makowski.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architectural significance.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Arkansas
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
School buildings completed in 1925
Buildings and structures in Pulaski County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County, Arkansas
1925 establishments in Arkansas
xALBUMx is the debut studio album by Eatmewhileimhot. It was released digitally on July 27, 2010. 300 physical editions were released through a preorder. This is the first and last album that Caleb Denison is featured on.
Despite receiving mostly negative reviews, the album reached No. 46 on the 'Billboard Heatseeker Albums chart.
Singles
Two of the singles had different names when released. The songs were later renamed to go with the album's theme. "xVAMPIRESx" was "Vampiresliveinmybrain", "xBURRITOx" was "xXBurritoXx", and "xSMWHOREx" was "xXSmoreKillaXx".
Track listing
Personnel
Eatmewhileimhot
Christofer Drew Ingle – vocals, programming
Taylor MacFee – bass
Hayden Kaiser – guitar
Caleb Denison - drums
Charts
References
2010 debut albums
Eat Me Raw albums
Pindal is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Pindal
John Richmond (born 1961) is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Eli the Eliminator.
Richmond competed in North American regional promotions during the 1980s in Bill Watts' Universal Wrestling Federation and World Class Championship Wrestling, most notably as a member of Skandor Akbar's stable Devastation, Inc.. He also had a brief stint in the American Wrestling Association as one half of the Maxx Brothers (also billed as the World or Wild Warriors) with Super Maxx.
Professional wrestling career
Early career
Making his debut in 1978, he first began wrestling in the Indianapolis-based World Wrestling Association as Mad Maxx defeating Disco Dog and Rocky Guerrero in singles matches before teaming with Super Maxx as the Wild Warriors defeating Jeff Van Kamp and Calypso Jim on July 7 and later Jeff Van Kamp and Dick the Bruiser for the WWA Tag Team Championship in September 1984. Although suffering a loss to Dick the Bruiser and Moose Cholak by disqualification on November 10, Richmond and Super Maxx successfully defended the titles for several months including close matches against Bobby Colt and Bobo Brazil; although the tag team title history during this time is largely unrecorded, at least one source claims the Maxx Brothers lost the titles to Bobby Colt and Bobo Brazil on December 29.
They later feuded with The Untouchables (Buster and Ice) in Windy City Pro Wrestling facing them at the Battle of the Belts supercards, including a steel cage match in which Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart would be in the corner of The Untouchables.
After losing the titles to Dick the Bruiser & Bobby Colt in March 1985, he and Super Maxx jumped to the American Wrestling Association the following year facing The Midnight Rockers and later feuded with The Samoan Connection (Farmer Boy Ipo and Leroy Brown (wrestler)) over the Polynesian Pacific Tag Team titles during the summer which was later aired by Atlanta promoter Joe Pedicino during the Hot Summer Night in Aloha Stadium television special. During that year, they would later tour Japan facing Tatsumi Fujinami and Kengo Kimura.
Mid-South and World Class Championship Wrestling
In early 1987, Richmond began wrestling for the Universal Wrestling Federation teaming with "Wild" Bill Irwin to defeat The Fantastics at the Sam Houston Coliseum on January 23 and in a rematch the following night. He and Irwin would later participate in the UWF Tag Team Title Tournament being eliminated by Steve Williams and Ted DiBiase in the opening rounds on February 7, 1987.
Along with Irwin, Richmond soon aligned himself with manager Skandar Akbar's Devastation Inc. and eventually followed Akbar to Fritz von Erich's World Class Championship Wrestling later that year. Feuding with Spike Huber, he and Abdullah the Butcher lost to Spike Huber and Red River Jack at the 4th annual Parade of Champions on May 3, 1987. During his time in the promotion, he would regularly appear on WCCW's weekly television program later facing Jeff Gaylord and Chavo Guerrero. In late 1987, he would return to Japan losing to Super Strong Machine at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, Japan on October 25, 1987. From there he appeared in Ken Mantel's Wild West Wrestling out of Fort Worth and was managed by Sunshine. He feuded with Fabulous Lance (Von Erich), Missing Link, and Savannah Jack.
Later career
After a brief stint in the Global Wrestling Federation feuding with former tag team partner Bill Irwin (wrestler) during 1990, he later teamed with Mike Samples although the two remained in the Memphis-area only a short time and later teamed with John Tatum and Jack Victory against Savannah Jack, Sullivan Gundy and The Missing Link.
Teaming with Keith Eric, he lost to Brian Christopher and Tony Williams and later with Brian Lee losing to Curtis Thompson and Chris Walker in February 1991 before leaving the promotion.
Championships and accomplishments
NWA Polynesian Pacific Wrestling
NWA Polynesian Pacific Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Super Maxx
World Wrestling Association
WWA World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Super Maxx
References
External links
American male professional wrestlers
Living people
Sportspeople from Chicago
1958 births
Professional wrestlers from Illinois
Peter Arno Krauthamer (born September 6, 1957) is an Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Education and career
Krauthamer earned his Bachelor of Arts from Brandeis University in 1979, and his J.D. from Boston University School of Law in 1982.
After graduating, Krauthamer worked in the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia as a staff attorney. In 2004, he became the deputy director for the Public Defender Service overseeing a staff of 220 people including 110 attorneys.
From 1995 to 2000, Krauthamer was an assistant professor and Clinical Supervising Attorney at Howard University School of Law.
D.C. Superior Court
President Barack Obama nominated Krauthamer on July 11, 2011, to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia to the seat vacated by John Henry Bayly, Jr. On November 8, 2011, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on his nomination and on the following day, November 9, 2011, the Committee reported his nomination favorably to the senate floor. On November 18, 2011, the full Senate confirmed his nomination by voice vote. He was sworn in on April 20, 2012.
Personal life
Krauthamer has resided in Washington, D.C. and Silver Spring, Maryland since 1970. He is married to United States District Court for the District of Columbia judge Tanya S. Chutkan. They have two sons.
References
1957 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
Boston University School of Law alumni
Brandeis University alumni
Howard University School of Law faculty
Judges of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
People from New York City
Alberto Jose Cardelle is an American educator and academic who is currently serving as the 9th President of the State University of New York at Oneonta.
Cardelle is a native of Miami, Florida. He received a bachelor's degree in Biology and Latin American studies from Tulane University, a Master of Public Health degree from Boston University, and a doctoral degree in international studies from the University of Miami. Upon graduating, he held various positions in public health, working with groups like UNICEF and the World Health Organization.
Cardelle was an assistant professor of public health at East Stroudsburg University, and later became a vice-provost and dean there. He later served as a provost and vice president for academic affairs at Fitchburg State University.
In July 2021, SUNY Chancellor Jim Malatras and the SUNY Board of Trustees announced that they were appointing Cardelle as President of SUNY Oneonta. He assumed office on September 6, 2021.
References
1964 births
Boston University alumni
Tulane University alumni
University of Miami alumni
Presidents of campuses of the State University of New York
Living people
HMS Blackwood was a Captain-class frigate of the Evarts-class of destroyer escort, originally commissioned to be built for the U.S. Navy. Before she was finished in 1942, she was transferred to the Royal Navy under the terms of Lend-Lease, and saw service during the Second World War.
Career
Blackwood was built by Boston Navy Yard, Massachusetts, United States and commissioned into the Royal Navy on 27 March 1943. She saw service on anti-submarine patrols and as a convoy escort. On 23 November 1943 she and the frigates HMS Bazely and HMS Drury sank the U-boat north-east of the Azores, and two days later on 25 November Bazely and Blackwood sank north of Punta Delgada.
Blackwood was part of the 4th Escort Group and was on patrol in the western approaches to the English Channel on 15 June 1944, covering ships bound for the allied invasion of Normandy when she was sighted by , which fired a Gnat at her. Blackwood was hit and damaged, killing 57 of the crew. She was taken under tow, but foundered off Portland Bill the following day. The wreck lies in position . in of water, and is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.
References
HMS Blackwood at Uboat.net
HMS Blackwood at Captain-class frigate association
MoD announcement of designation
Captain-class frigates
World War II frigates of the United Kingdom
Protected Wrecks of the United Kingdom
Ships built in Boston
1942 ships
Evarts-class destroyer escorts
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Royal Navy
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Maritime incidents in June 1944
Callinicus (or Kallinikos) ( in Greek) was the exarch of Ravenna (597 – 602 or 603). He is called Gallicinus, or Gallicini patricii, by the Lombard historian Paul the Deacon (Latin text, English patrician Gallicinus).
The first few years of his administration were marked by relatively good fortune. In 598 an armistice between the Byzantines and the Lombards had been concluded in which the Lombards were acknowledged as sovereign rulers of the lands in their possession, and which was observed by both parties over the following years. However around 601, Callinicus took advantage of a rebellion by Dukes Gaidoald of Trent and Gisulf II of Friuli to break the peace by kidnapping the Lombard king Agilulf's daughter and her husband, Duke Godescalc of Parma. In response, Agilulf invaded the Exarchate, destroying Padua, pillaging Istria, then defeating Callinicus outside the walls of Ravenna.
Shortly afterwards Callinicus was replaced by Smaragdus; Richards states Callinicus was recalled.
References
6th-century exarchs of Ravenna
7th-century exarchs of Ravenna
600s deaths
Year of birth unknown
The Sisters Minor of Mary Immaculate was a Roman Catholic religious congregation of consecrated women. It was founded by Mother Maria Elisabetta Patrizi in Rome, Italy, with the assistance of Father Elia M. Bruson, OFM Conv., on August 14, 1983, and canonically erected in that diocese in 1993.
Description
The congregation followed the example of St. Maximilian Kolbe, with ties to St. Therese of Lisieux. The order had a unique fourth vow, which is their pledge to be at God's disposal, like Mary, without reserve, for the "greatest glory of God through the salvation of all in Jesus Christ". The Sisters Minor of Mary Immaculate are located in Italy, Poland, Turkey, and the United States of America.
References
1983 establishments in Italy
Christian organizations established in 1983
Catholic female orders and societies
Catholic religious institutes established in the 20th century
Eugenia Sacerdote de Lustig (9 November 1910 – 27 November 2011) was an Italian-born Argentine physician. She was the first to test the polio vaccine in Argentina. She published more than 180 works.
Early life and education
Eugenia Sacerdote de Lustig was born in Turin on 9 November 1910.
In 1929, Sacerdote de Lustig decided to study medicine in Italy, at a time when women were not choosing this career. Together with her first cousin Rita Levi-Montalcini, she was one of the first four women who were not able to forget their gender as they were taught with 500 men.
Career
Her career was difficult; even so, she was selected as assistant professor of histology at University of Turin by professor Giuseppe Levi. With the rise of fascism, she lost her job because she was Jewish. Her husband's employers arranged for them to emigrate, with their daughter, to Argentina in 1939. In Argentina her qualifications allowed her to research but not to teach. She became the chair of histology at the University of Buenos Aires. She cultivated living cells in vitro, a technique that allows the study of different types of viruses and tumors.
When the epidemic of poliomyelitis occurred, Sacerdote de Lustig was sent by the World Health Organization to the United States to learn about the work of the professor Jonas Salk. When she returned to Argentina, she inoculated herself in public and did the same with her children to convince the population of the benefits of the polio vaccine.
Since 1989, she investigated the role of free radicals and oxidative stress in living patients with Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia and Parkinson's disease, expanding the basic knowledge of neurological diseases.
Sacerdote de Lustig was a researcher at CONICET and head of virology at Instituto Malbrán. For more than 40 years, she studied tumor cells in the Instituto de Oncología Ángel H. Roffo. She continued to work in the laboratory into her eighties, ceasing to do so when blindness prevented her from accurately working with a microscope.
She received the 2010 Rebeca Gerschman Award for outstanding research work.
There are more than 180 of her scientific publications in the records of the Institute of Oncology Ángel H. Roffo, the Instituto Malbrán and CONICET.
References
1910 births
2011 deaths
Argentine centenarians
Argentine women physicians
20th-century Argentine physicians
21st-century Argentine physicians
Italian emigrants to Argentina
Physicians from Turin
20th-century women physicians
21st-century women physicians
Women centenarians
Argentine Jews
Argentine people of Italian-Jewish descent
Proposition 28 is a California ballot measure that was approved by California voters at the statewide election on June 5, 2012. It was an initiative constitutional amendment to change California state legislature term limits from a limit of 8 years for the Senate and 6 years for the Assembly, to a limit of 12 years on combined service. It affects only legislators first elected to the Assembly or Senate after the proposition passed.
Election results
See also
2008 California Proposition 93, a failed proposition that proposed a similar change
References
2012 California ballot propositions
Initiatives in the United States
Unravel may refer to:
"Unravel" (Björk song), 1997
"Unravel" (TK song), 2014
Unravel (video game), a 2016 video game
See also
Unraveled (disambiguation)
Unraveller (disambiguation)
Unravelling (disambiguation)
Samgeun of Baekje (465–479) (r. 477–479) was the 23rd king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. According to the Samguk Sagi, he was the eldest son of the 22nd king Munju.
Background
In 475, the northern Korean kingdom of Goguryeo had forced Baekje's capital south from the present-day Seoul region to Ungjin (near present-day Gongju), and the Baekje court had lost much of its power to the aristocracy. Within the aristocracy, clans from the local Mahan confederacy, which Baekje conquered and absorbed earlier, gained strength against the traditional clans descended from the northern kingdom of Buyeo.
In the midst of this instability, the chief general and Minister of Defense, Hae Gu, took control of the military and killed Munju's brother Buyeo Gonji in 477. After this Hae Gu exercised effective rule over the country. That year, he ordered the death of Munju.
Reign
Samgeun was only thirteen years old when he took power after his father's death. Since he was not fit to oversee the military, the armies continued to be overseen by General Hae Gu, who maintained actual political control.
In 478, Hae Gu made common cause with rebels led by Yeon Sin, based in Daedu Castle. Samgeun first sent the noble Jin Nam to capture the castle with 2,000 men, but he failed. He then sent Jin Ro, who defeated the rebels with 500 men, whereupon Yeon Sin fled to Goguryeo. With this event, the Jin clan gained great strength in Baekje.
The next year, Samgeun died, succeeded by his uncle Buyeo Gonji's son, Dongseong of Baekje.
Family
Father: Munju of Baekje
Mother: unknown
Queen: unknown
Children: unknown (probably childless)
See also
History of Korea
List of Monarchs of Korea
References
Content in this article was copied from Samguk Sagi Scroll 23 at the Shoki Wiki, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 (Unported) (CC-BY-SA 3.0) license.
465 births
479 deaths
Baekje rulers
Year of birth uncertain
5th-century monarchs in Asia
5th-century Korean people
The mass media in New Zealand include television stations, radio stations, newspapers, magazines, and websites. Most outlets are foreign-owned; media conglomerates like NZME, Stuff, MediaWorks, Discovery and Sky dominate the media landscape. Most media organisations operate Auckland-based newsrooms with Parliamentary Press Gallery reporters and international media partners, but most broadcast programmes, music and syndicated columns are imported from the United States and United Kingdom.
The media of New Zealand predominantly use New Zealand English, but Community Access and several local other outlets provide news and entertainment for linguistic minorities. Following a Waitangi Tribunal decision in the 1990s, the Government has accepted a responsibility to promote the Māori language through Te Māngai Pāho funding of the Māori Television Service, the Te Whakaruruhau o Nga Reo Irirangi Māori and other outlets. NZ On Air funds public service programming on the publicly owned Television New Zealand and Radio New Zealand, and on community-owned and privately owned broadcasters.
Censorship
There is limited censorship in New Zealand of political expression, violence or sexual content. Reporters Without Borders rates New Zealand highly for press freedom, ranking it eighth-best worldwide in 2018, up from thirteenth in 2017, and down from fifth in 2016.
The country's libel laws follow the English model, and contempt of court is severely punished. The Office of Film and Literature Classification classifies and sometimes censors films, videos, publications and video games, the New Zealand Press Council deals with print media bias and inaccuracy and the Broadcasting Standards Authority and Advertising Standards Authority considers complaints.
The Department of Internal Affairs is responsible for Internet censorship in New Zealand and runs a voluntary filtering system to prevent Internet users from accessing selected sites and material that contain sexual abuse or exploitation of children and young people. Internet censorship in Australia is more extensive, and New Zealand has refused to follow suit.
Traditional media
Television
Television in New Zealand was introduced in 1960. Initially broadcasting from four separate stations in Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin, television was networked nationwide in 1969. Colour television was introduced in 1973, and a second channel was launched in 1975. Provision was first made for the licensing of private radio and television stations in New Zealand by the Broadcasting Act 1976, although the first private television channel didn't launch until 1989.
Satellite services are provided nationwide by Freeview and Sky, a terrestrial service provided in the main centres by Freeview, and an internet service provided by Vodafone. There are currently 20 national free-to-air channels, 24 regional free-to-air stations and several pay TV networks. Programming and scheduling is done in Auckland where all the major networks are now headquartered.
The first nationwide digital TV service was launched in December 1998 by Sky Network Television, who had a monopoly on digital satellite TV until the launch of Freeview's nationwide digital satellite service in May 2007. The Freeview terrestrial service is a high definition digital terrestrial television service launched on 14 April 2008, initially serving Auckland, Hamilton, Tauranga, Napier-Hastings, Palmerston North, Wellington, Christchurch, and Dunedin. This was later expanded to include more regions. Broadband television is currently operated from Vodafone, The Vodafone service includes all Freeview channels and allows customers to add Sky channel packages to their accounts, through a wholesale deal with Sky. High Definition programming is available from Freeview on terrestrial broadcast only and on Sky.
Radio
New Zealand radio is dominated by twenty-seven networks and station-groups, but also includes several local and low-powered stations. Radio New Zealand operates four public service networks: the flagship Radio New Zealand National, the classical music network Radio New Zealand Concert, the Pacific shortwave service Radio New Zealand International and the Parliamentary broadcasters AM Network.
Two companies have a staunch rivalry in the commercial radio market. NZME Radio operates music station Coast, hip-hop station Flava, rock station Radio Hauraki, 80s and 90s station Mix 98.2, talk network Newstalk ZB, sports network Radio Sport, pop station The Hits and youth station ZM. MediaWorks New Zealand operates sport network LiveSport, dance station George FM, New Zealand music station Kiwi FM, Māori station Mai FM, pop station More FM, talk station Radio Live, oldies station The Sound, easy-listening station The Breeze, youth station The Edge and rock station The Rock.
Rhema Media operates four evangelical Christian networks, most student networks belong to the Student Radio Network and most public access broadcasters belong to the Association of Community Access Broadcasters. The Iwi Radio Network is funded by Te Māngai Pāho and the Pacific Media Network is predominantly funded by NZ On Air.
Print media
The number of newspapers in New Zealand has dramatically reduced since the early 20th century as a consequence of radio, television and new media being introduced to the country. Auckland's The New Zealand Herald serves the upper North Island, Wellington's The Dominion Post serves the lower North Island and Canterbury's The Press and Dunedin's Otago Daily Times serve the South Island.
Provincial and community newspapers, such as the Waikato Times daily, serve particular regions, cities and suburbs. Ownership of New Zealand newspapers is dominated by Stuff and New Zealand Media and Entertainment with Stuff (formerly Fairfax) having 48.6% of the daily newspaper circulation. Local and overseas tabloids and magazines cover food, current affairs, personal affairs, gardening and home decor, and business or appeal to gay, lesbian, ethnic and rural communities.
In early April 2020, German media company Bauer Media Group announced the closure of several of its New Zealand brands including Woman's Day, New Zealand Woman's Weekly, the New Zealand Listener, The Australian Women's Weekly, North & South, Next, Metro, Air New Zealand's inflight magazine Kia Ora, and Your Home & Garden in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand.
Literature
Māori in New Zealand had non-literate culture before contact with the Europeans in the early 19th century, but oratory recitation of quasi-historical and hagiographical ancestral bloodlines was central to the culture; oral traditions were first published when early 19th century Christian missionaries developed a written form of the Māori language to publish Bibles. The literature of New Zealand includes many works written in English and Māori by New Zealanders and migrants during the 20th and 21st centuries.
Novelists include Patricia Grace, Albert Wendt and Maurice Gee; children's authors include Margaret Mahy. Keri Hulme won the Booker Prize for The Bone People; Witi Ihimaera's novel Whale Rider, which dealt with Māori life in the modern world, ' became a Nikki Caro film.
Migrant writers include South African-born Robin Hyde; expatriate writers like Dan Davin and Katherine Mansfield often wrote about the country. Samuel Butler stayed in New Zealand and set his novel Erewhon in the country. Karl Wolfskehl prepared works of German literature during a sojourn in Auckland. New Zealand's lively community of playwrights, supported by Playmarket, include Roger Hall.
Film
The New Zealand film industry is small but successful, boasting directors such as Peter Jackson and Jane Campion. The cinema of New Zealand includes many films made in New Zealand, made about New Zealand or made by New Zealand-based production companies. Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy was produced and filmed in New Zealand, and animation and photography for James Cameron's Avatar was primarily done in New Zealand; both films are among the highest-grossing movies of all time. The New Zealand Film Commission funds films with New Zealand content.
Mainstream American, British and Australian films screen in theatres in most cities and towns. Some arthouse films and foreign language films reach cinemas, including weekly Bollywood screenings in many city cinemas. Asian films, particularly from India, China, Hong Kong and Japan, are widely available for rental on videocassette, DVD and similar media, especially in Auckland.
Modern media
Internet
Internet is widely available in New Zealand. There are 1,916,000 broadband connections and just 65,000 dialup connections, with almost every home having an internet connection. Digital subscriber line over phone lines provides two-thirds of broadband, and fibre to the home now covers over a third of the main towns and cities. Parts of Wellington, Kapiti and Christchurch have cable internet access, satellite internet is widely available, most of the country is covered by 3G mobile broadband, and 4G is available in major centres. Broadband pricing is at, or above the OECD average, and most connections have a fixed data cap. There are about 80 ISPs, with two of them having three-quarters of the market. The New Zealand Government is funding two broadband expansion initiatives, with the aim of providing fibre to the home of 75% of the population and bringing broadband to 97.8% of the population by 2019. International connectivity is mainly provided by the Southern Cross Cable.
Internet portals like Google New Zealand, Yahoo New Zealand, NZCity and MSN New Zealand have been popular in New Zealand since the outset of internet access. News websites like Stuff, tvnz.co.nz, rnz.co.nz, nzherald.co.nz, newshub.co.nz, Newsroom, interest.co.nz, thespinoff.co.nz moneyhub.co.nz, odt.co.nz, newstalkzb.co.nz and stoppress.co.nz are increasingly taking over the portal role. Scoop and Voxy publish raw news coverage such as press releases, while skysport.co.nz, radiosport.co.nz and Sportal provide dedicated coverage of sports news. Online magazines such as businessdesk.co.nz, idealog.co.nz, nzbusiness.co.nz and NZ Entrepreneur.co.nz cover business News.
Blogging and social media
New Zealand's blogosphere is dominated by a small community of blogs that comment on New Zealand politics, society and occurrences. One list of over 200 "author-operated, public discourse" blogs in New Zealand (ranked according to traffic, links incoming, posting frequency and comments) suggests New Zealand blogs cover a wide range of ideological positions but a lack of female contributors. Some personal blogs have been around since the mid 1990s, but there are now blogs about cities, science, law and fashion magazines. Political bloggers include current and former party apparatchiks such as David Farrar (Kiwiblog), Jordan Carter, Peter Cresswell and Trevor Loudon, and journalists and commentators such as Russell Brown.
New Zealand politicians and political groups operate blogs which, unlike overseas counterparts, allow comments. Craig Foss operates a personal blog. The Green Party expands on party press releases, and Labour MPs discuss policy and Parliamentary business. Blogging is a central campaigning tool for many political lobbying groups. Political bloggers have been described as potentially the most powerful "opinion makers" in New Zealand politics. There is also an active political and non-political New Zealand community on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr and Flickr.
References
Further reading
External links
Journalism, Media and Democracy Research Centre at Auckland University of Technology
New Zealand
New Zealand
Cannabis in Alaska is legal for recreational use since 2015. It was first legalized by the court ruling Ravin v. State in 1975, but later recriminalized by Measure 2 in 1990. Ballot measures in 2000 and 2004 attempted (but failed) to legalize recreational use, until finally Measure 2 in 2014 passed with 53.2% of the vote. Medical use was legalized by way of Measure 8 in 1998.
History
Decriminalization (1975)
On May 16, 1975, Alaska became the second state in the U.S. to decriminalize cannabis. The law imposed a $100 fine () for persons possessing cannabis, and became law without the governor's signature. It passed just a week before the Ravin ruling.
Ravin v. State (1975)
Ravin v. State was a 1975 decision by the Alaska Supreme Court that held the Alaska Constitution's right to privacy protects an adult's ability to use and possess a small amount of marijuana in the home for personal use. The Alaska Supreme Court thereby became the firstand onlyU.S. state or federal court to announce a constitutional right to privacy that protects some level of marijuana use and possession.
Decriminalization (1982)
In 1982, following the Ravin decision, the state legislature decriminalized possession of up to of cannabis in the home, or outside the home.
Recriminalization (1990)
In 1990, Measure 2 to recriminalize cannabis passed with 54.3% of the vote. The measure imposed a penalty of up to 90 days in jail and a fine of up to $1000 for simple possession.
Medical legalization (1998)
In 1998, Measure 8 to legalize the medical use of cannabis passed with 58.7% of the vote. The measure allowed patients with a doctor's recommendation to possess up to of cannabis or grow six plants.
Failed recreational legalization (2000)
In 2000, Measure 5 to legalize the recreational use of cannabis failed with 40.9% of the vote.
Recriminalization struck down (2003)
Noy v. State is a case decided by the Alaska Court of Appeals in 2003. David S. Noy was convicted of possessing less than of marijuana by a jury. However, in 1975, the Alaska Supreme Court had ruled in Ravin v. State that possessing less than of marijuana in one's home is protected by the Alaska Constitution's privacy clause. The amount possessed being over four ounces was highly in question on appeal. Thus, the Court of Appeals overturned Noy's conviction and struck down the part of the law that criminalized possession of less than four ounces of marijuana.
Failed recreational legalization (2004)
In 2004, Measure 2 to legalize the recreational use of cannabis failed with 44.3% of the vote.
Recriminalization (2006)
The state legislature passed a new law making possession of under a misdemeanor punishable by up to 90 days in jail. Possession of was made a misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in jail. Possession of over was made a felony. The measure was pushed by Governor Frank Murkowski.
Recreational legalization (2014)
In 2014, Measure 2 to legalize the recreational use of cannabis passed with 53.2% of the vote. The measure allows adults 21 and over to possess up to of cannabis and cultivate six plants, effective February 24, 2015. It also allows the sale of cannabis at state-licensed dispensaries, the first of which opened on October 29, 2016. The passage of Measure 2 made Alaska the third state to legalize the recreational use and sale of marijuana, preceded by Colorado and Washington in 2012.
Business
The state of Alaska collected its first full month of cannabis tax proceeds in November 2016, raising $80,000 for the state. Cannabis buds are taxed at $50/oz and stems and leaves are taxed at $15/oz. The state reported fiscal year 2017 marijuana tax revenue of $1,745,767 (cultivators only - not retail). In December 2016 and January 2017, widespread supply shortages were reported, causing many cannabis shops to temporarily cease operations until inventory was restored. In January 2017, Anchorage Assemblyman Forrest Dunbar proposed legislation banning cannabis stores from advertising discounts to active-duty military, who are prohibited by federal policy from consuming cannabis.
In 2020, the cannabis industry was hit by a decline in tourist traffic. Tourists make up nearly 20% of the state's wholesale cannabis market during the summer months, according to an interview with Brandon Emmett, chief operating officer of Alaska-based cannabis brand Good Titrations. He also added that it was not disastrous for the owners of the cannabis business, but they felt it.
References
Bibliography
External links
Timeline: Notable moments in 40 years of Alaska's history with marijuana
Alaska
The Subashi Formation () is a Late Cretaceous (Campanian to Maastrichtian) formation from the Xinjiang Autonomous Region of western China. Initially described by Dong Zhiming in 1977, the formation contains remains of Tarbosaurus which were initially described as a separate taxon Shanshanosaurus huoyanshanensis. Remains of a sauropod, likely Nemegtosaurus, and a hadrosaurid, likely Jaxartosaurus, have also been found.
The formation is located in the Flaming Mountains region of Xinjiang, north of the Turpan Depression. It is not far from Lianmuqin Town of Shanshan County, and is presumably named after the village of Subashi (), which is located some to the west of Lianmuqin, in Tuyugou Township (吐峪沟乡).
Fossil content
The following fossils were reported from the formation:
Reptiles
Euoplocephalus sp.
Gravemys hutchisoni
Jaxartosaurus
Nemegtosaurus pachi - "Teeth." - (sauropod indet.)
Tarbosaurus bataar
Tyrannosaurus turpanensis - "Teeth and sacral vertebrae." - (tyrannosauroid indet.)
Coelurosauria indet.
Titanosauridae indet.
Fossil eggs
Elongatoolithus andrewsi
Elongatoolithus elongatus
Ovaloolithus turpanensis
See also
Subashi (lost city)
References
Bibliography
Geologic formations of China
Upper Cretaceous Series of Asia
Campanian Stage
Maastrichtian Stage
Mudstone formations
Sandstone formations
Ooliferous formations
Paleontology in Xinjiang
Artyom Aleksandrovich Fedyanin (; ; born 25 April 1994) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Dnepr Mogilev.
External links
Profile at Gomel website
1995 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Gomel players
FC Rechitsa-2014 players
FC Khimik Svetlogorsk players
FC Osipovichi players
FC Smolevichi players
FC Sputnik Rechitsa players
FC Dnepr Mogilev players
Sugar Grove Township is the name of several places in the United States:
Sugar Grove Township, Kane County, Illinois
Sugar Grove Township, Dallas County, Iowa
Sugar Grove Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
Sugar Grove Township, Warren County, Pennsylvania
See also
Sugar Grove (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
Commelina orchidophylla is a monocotyledonous, herbaceous plant in the dayflower family from south-central Africa. This blue-flowered herb has been recorded only from the Haut-Katanga District of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, although at the time of its description it was known only from 3 collections. It is found in woodlands, especially in rocky areas, and on sandstone. The plant's most distinctive feature and the source of its scientific name is its orchid-like pair of broad basal leaves. Other distinctive characteristics include hairy tuberous roots, solitary spathes on long stalks that arise directly from the basal leaves before the development of elongated flowering shoots, dimorphic seeds, and unfused spathes lacking hairs which contain an upper cincinnus that barely emerges. The flowers have never been observed directly and are only partially known from bud dissections.
Taxonomy & systematics
Commelina orchidophylla was first described in 2009 in the Belgian journal Systematics and Geography of Plants along with Commelina rosulata and Commelina sphaerorrhizoma. The species was first collected in 1981.
Distribution & habitat
Commelina sphaerorhizoma is found in south-central Africa and is currently known only from the southeastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, specifically in Haut-Katanga District around the town of Gombela and in the Kundelungu National Park. The plant has been collected only three times between 1981 and 1986. As such, it is considered vulnerable in light of its apparent rarity, as well as its presence in a politically unstable region. It has been found in woodlands, woodland clearings on rocky terrain, and on sandstone. The collections were made between an altitude of 1050 to 1500 meters.
References
Orchidophylla
Vulnerable plants
Flora of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Plants described in 2009
Serbia men's national under-18 and under-19 basketball team may refer to:
Serbia men's national under-18 basketball team
Serbia men's national under-19 basketball team
The Methodist Federation for Social Action (MFSA) is an independent network of United Methodist clergy and laity working for justice in the areas of peace, poverty, and people's rights since 1907.
History
Founding
The first decades of the 20th century were a time of heightened awareness in the United States of poverty and social inequality. In an effort to transform the social order and address human suffering, members of the Methodist Episcopal Church (MEC) created in 1907 the organization that would come to be called the Methodist Federation for Social Service and later the Methodist Federation for Social Action. The aims of their Methodist Federation for Social Service (MFSS) were inspired in a large part by the importance that Methodism founder John Wesley placed on work for the betterment of humankind, and shared the theological grounding of the broader Protestant Social Gospel movement, which articulated a normative relationship between the Biblical teachings of Jesus Christ and efforts toward systemic social change.
Originally the Methodist Federation for Social Service, MFSA was founded in 1907 in Washington, DC after meeting with President Roosevelt. Several Methodist Episcopal clergy (including Frank Mason North, author of "Where Cross the Crowded Ways of Life") organized the Federation to direct church attention to the enormous human suffering among the working class. The organization supported labor unions and held socialist views, calling industrial capitalism an "unchristian and antisocial".
MFSA met with immediate success in rallying American Methodists around Social Gospel issues, and the MEC General Conference of 1908 adopted the denomination's historic Social Creed which was penned by the leadership of the Federation. The social creed has been adapted several times but is also the basis for many of the civil and human rights laws that exist today. The lines between the nominally independent Federation and the MEC proper were quickly blurred as the former was charged with the coordination of Social Creed-related ministries. The collaboration was a productive one, however, with MFSA members encouraging significant contributions to the labor rights, Temperance, and Women's Suffrage movements by the denomination, while conducting cutting-edge advocacy under their organization's own auspices.
McConnell and Ward era
For almost four decades thereafter the Federation was led by Bishop Francis John McConnell and Harry F. Ward, an outstanding church ethicist and activist. During the 1920s and 1930s this leadership was fully shared by Winifred Chappell, a deaconess and devoted advocate for the workers' struggle.
In the 1930s the Federation adopted as its goal the replacement of an economic system based on the struggle for profit by "social-economic planning to develop a society without class or group discriminations and privileges." By the onset of the 1930s and the Great Depression, the MFSA consensus position on economic affairs had come to question the basic capitalist underpinnings of the U.S. economy, and the Federation joined the ranks of those advocating for a functional socialist alternative.
In 1932, the church voiced its support for MFSA's views, but by 1936, the socialist viewpoint was a major source of controversy within the Methodist Church. The Church dropped the Social Creed from the Book of Discipline in that year, but reinstated it in 1939.
World War II and the Red Scare
The 1940s were a time of continued growth for the MFSA, as it continued its economic justice activities while contributing to the World War II peace movement. The organization, alongside the Women's Division, also strongly lobbied to end segregation in the church.
MFSA attained the height of its growth just following World War II under the leadership of Jack McMichael. By 1950, the MFSA was highly influential in the Methodist Church. While the MFSA had only 5,800 members compared to 9 million in the entire Methodist Church, this membership included half of the church's 16 bishops, as well as having representatives in all the major seminaries at the time. However, with the coming of the anti-communist hysteria of the McCarthy period, relations with The Methodist Church became very strained and the Federation came under sharp attack. In his article Methodism's Pink Fringe, Stanley High accused the MFSA of being pro-Soviet. The group was investigated by the House un-American Activities Committee in 1952. The MFSA was one of the chief victims of McCarthyism among religious groups, an attack vicious enough that the Church dropped its connection with the MFSA that year, and the MFSA continued as an independent organization.
In the wake of these events MFSA experienced a serious decline. However, a dedicated remnant of volunteers kept the group operating, and in 1960, new director Lee Ball began the rebuilding process and started a campaign against the Vietnam War.
Post-war
Over the past six decades MFSA has experienced a broad revival and has re-established the Federation as a force within United Methodism. In 1974 MFSA sent organizers to support the striking non-professionals at the UM hospital in Pikeville, Kentucky. In 1979 the Federation issued a documented study of the New Far Right presence in the denomination and rallied forces to stem its influence. MFSA was the leading force in the struggle for UM support of disinvestment from South Africa, especially by the Board of Pensions. The MFSA, inspired by Latin American liberation theology, resumed its criticism of capitalism.
The church advocated for gay rights in the 1980s and 1990s. The Federation continues to make a major impact every four years at the denomination's General Conference. New MFSA conference chapters continue to be organized and now total 38 chapters, with representation in every jurisdiction. There are several new chapters in the formation process.
The Federation unites activist United Methodists to promote action on the liberation issues of peace, poverty and people's right while confronting the church and society and to witness to the transformation of the social order that is intrinsic to the church's entire life, including its evangelism, preaching, counseling, and spirituality.
See also
Reconciling Ministries Network
Temperance organizations
Taskforce of United Methodists on Abortion and Sexuality
References
External links
Methodism
History of Methodism in the United States
United Methodist Church
Crociati Parma Rugby F.C. are an Italian rugby union club. They are based in Parma in Emilia-Romagna. They were founded in 2010 by the merger of Rugby Parma F.C. (Overmach Parma) and F.C. Rugby Noceto and disbanded in 2014.
Rugby Parma
Rugby Parma was founded in 1931 by Gianni Penzi, Mario Pirazzoli and Peter Zini. In the following years the university organized friendly games, then began official competitions. In 1935 Parma joined the Italian first division. As a result of a break with the university in 1946, Rugby Parma was founded.
In the fifties Parma won three Italian championships (1949–50, 1954–55 and 1956–57). In the sixties they won two youth championships (1961–62 and 1966–67). In 1973–74 and 1987–88 the team were relegated only to return immediately to the top flight. From the 1993–94 to 1997–98 they played in Seria A2. In 1998–99 they were back in Seria A (renamed Super 10, now Top12).
On 2 June 2006, Parma defeated Newport Gwent Dragons of Wales 24-15 in the Heineken Cup 24th Place Play-off at Rodney Parade to claim the 24th and final spot in the 2006–07 Heineken Cup. In doing so they became the first Italian team to win the end of season Heineken Cup play-off (a match regularly contested between teams from the Celtic League and the Italian National Championship of Excellence), and ensured Italy would have three entrants in the competition, equal with Wales and Ireland, and one more than Scotland.
Crociati Rugby FC
Crociati Rugby FC were formed in June 2010 by the merger of Overmach Rugby Parma FC and Noceto Rugby FC. The club ran a senior team that competed in the National Championship of Excellence and an under-20s team. They will be based at Stadio XX Aprile, Moletolo, Parma. In 2010/2011 the new club also competed in the Amlin Challenge Cup.
Each merging club maintained independent youth sections up to Under-20 level. The merger was made necessary by the formation of Aironi to compete in the Celtic League from 2010/2011. Both clubs were shareholders in Aironi. With the best players and sponsorship now being concentrated in Aironi the clubs could not financially field individual professional rugby teams.
Aironi struggled in the two season in the Magners League ran into financial difficulties and were replaced by Zebre.
Parma rugby honours
National Championship of Excellence:
Champions: 1950, 1955, 1957
Coppa Italia:
Champions: 2005-06, 2007–08, 2008–09
Notable former players
Miguel Ruiz (Argentina)
Alvaro Tejeda (Argentina)
Federico Todeschini (Argentina)
Tomas Vallejos Cinalli (Argentina)
Michael Barbieri (Canada)
Luke Tait (Canada)
Sireli Bobo (Fiji)
Wame Lewaravu (Fiji)
Maikeli Sego (Fiji)
Robert Barbieri (Italy)
Cristian Bezzi (Italy)
Aldo Birchall (Italy)
Carlo Del Fava (Italy)
Alberto De Marchi (Italy)
Roland de Marigny (Italy)
Simone Favaro (Italy)
Fabio Gaetaniello (Italy)
Ezio Galon (Italy)
Davide Giazzon (Italy)
Alessandro Ghini (Italy)
Sergio Lanfranchi (Italy)
Francesco Mazzariol (Italy)
Nicola Mazzucato (Italy)
Francesco Minto (Italy)
Tino Paoletti (Italy)
Gilberto Pavan (Italy)
Gert Peens (Italy)
Corrado Pilat (Italy)
Roberto Quartaroli (Italy)
Stefano Romagnoli (Italy)
Stefano Saviozzi (Italy)
Fabio Staibano (Italy)
Daniele Tebaldi (Italy)
Pietro Travagli (Italy)
Manoa Vosawai (Italy)
Daniel Bowden (New Zealand)
Leo Lafaiali'i (Samoa)
Silao Leaega (Samoa)
Pelu Taele (Samoa)
Alesana Tuilagi (Samoa)
Henry Tuilagi (Samoa)
Paul Emerick (USA)
Albert Tuipulotu (USA)
Statistics
European Challenge Cup
Heineken Cup
References
Italian rugby union teams
Rugby clubs established in 2010
Sport in Parma
Action Action is an American indie rock band, formerly signed to Victory Records.
History
Action Action formed in 2004 from the ashes of The Reunion Show, Count The Stars and Diffuser. The band signed with Victory Records and released their first album, Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion (2004), and released their second album An Army of Shapes Between Wars in 2006. In the same year, Action Action toured with Maxeen, Morningwood, The Sounds, Jonezetta, We Are The Fury, The Cult and Something for Rockets on various legs of their US tours.
The song "Paper Cliché" was featured in the video game, MVP 06: NCAA Baseball.
Their song "Dream Within A Dream" was featured in a 2009 Gillette commercial. The song was included on their self-released 2010 album The Ones Who Get It Are The Ones Who Need Not Know.
Line-up
Mark Thomas Kluepfel (vocals, synth, guitar, songwriter)
Adam Manning (guitar)
Dan Leo (drums, percussion)
Former members
Clarke Foley (bass)
Kris Baldwin (guitar)
Discography
Albums
Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion (Victory Records, 2004)
An Army of Shapes Between Wars (Victory Records, 2006)
The Ones Who Get It Are the Ones Who Need Not Know (self-released, 2010)
External links
Official website
Official MySpace profile
Last.fm profile
Victory Records website
[ Review of "Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion,"] by AllMusicGuide.com
[ Review of "An Army of Shapes Between Wars',"] by AllMusicGuide.com
Burning Stars Interview with Adam Manning & Clarke Foley
Burning Stars Interview with Mark Thomas Kluepfel
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Musical groups from Long Island
Victory Records artists
Jošt Zakrajšek (born 26 June 1983) is a Slovenian male canoeist who won a Wildwater Canoeing World Cup in C1.
Biography
In addition to having won a World Cup in wildwater, he has participated in the world or European championships in all four disciplines of canoeing (winning medals in three of these), slalom and wildwater in whitewater and sprint and marathon in flatwater, in addition to competing with both canoe, Canadian and kayak.
Achievements
References
External links
Jošt Zakrajšek at Canoe Results
1983 births
Living people
Slovenian male canoeists
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Slovenia
Mediterranean Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 2015 European Games
Canoeists at the 2019 European Games
European Games competitors for Slovenia
Lewis Thomas Wattson, SA, better known as Father Paul Wattson (January 16, 1863 - February 8, 1940), was an American priest who co-founded the Society of the Atonement and the Christian Unity Octave in The Episcopal Church. He was later received into the Catholic Church and is remembered as an advocate for ecumenism.
Wattson has been named a Servant of God, the first stage of a candidate for canonization.
References
External links
Digital files on Wattson's ministry as an Episcopalian from the Episcopal Diocese of New York
1863 births
1940 deaths
American Servants of God
BMAT STEM Academy is a University Technical College within the Harlow College campus in Harlow, Essex, England, which opened in September 2014 as Sir Charles Kao UTC. It was named after the Nobel Prize winning scientist Charles K. Kao who worked and studied at Standard Telecommunication Laboratories in Harlow.
An Ofsted report in April 2017 gave the school a "Requires improvement" grade in all categories; at that time the school had 140 students although its capacity was 500.
From April 2018, the school was re-launched as a member of BMAT, an academy trust which runs schools in Essex including Burnt Mill Academy and Epping St John's. It was renamed to the BMAT STEM Academy.
References
External links
University Technical Colleges
Secondary schools in Essex
Educational institutions established in 2014
2014 establishments in England
Anglia Ruskin University
Allen M. Davey (May 15, 1894 – March 5, 1946) was an Academy Award–winning American cinematographer who had a long career in Hollywood, starting in the silent era and going through the mid-1940s. He was an early member of the American Society of Cinematographers and a longtime director of photography at Technicolor.
Biography
Allen was born in Bayonne, New Jersey, to William Davey and Elizabeth Armstrong. His mother died when he was young, and the family later moved to Los Angeles, where Allen's sister Mary married director David Horsley.
Allen divorced his first wife, Margaret Bronaugh—a cabaret dancer—in 1917. He and his second wife, Margaret Rennahan, had two children together, including Allen Davey Jr. (who also became a cinematographer). (Margaret Rennahan's brother, Ray, was a D.P. as well.)
He began working as a cinematographer around 1916. In 1938, he won an honorary Oscar for his work on Sweethearts with Oliver T. Marsh. He is also known for working as associate cinematographer on 1939's The Wizard of Oz.
Filmography
The Soul of Kura San (1917)
The Golden Fetter (1917)
Each to His Kind (1917)
The Prison Without Walls (1917)
The Lonesome Chap (1917)
Heir of the Ages (1917)
The Squaw Man's Son (1917)
The Weaker Vessel (1919)
The Blue Bonnet (1919)
The Kentucky Colonel (1920)
The Shadow (1921)
Tillie (1922)
The Heart Specialist (1922)
South of Suva (1922)
The Girl Who Ran Wild (1922)
Fools and Riches (1923)
Bavu (1923)
Railroaded (1923)
Sawdust (1923)
The Eagle's Feather (1923)
The Last Man on Earth (1924)
Gold and the Girl (1925)
Hearts and Spurs (1925)
The Timber Wolf (1925)
A Man of Nerve (1925)
Durand of the Bad Lands (1925)
Fightin' Jack (1926)
Eyes Right! (1926)
Cheaters (1927)
The Bullet Mark (1928)
A Princess of Destiny (1929)
Frontier Romance (1929)
Sweethearts (1938)
Hollywood Cavalcade (1939)
Typhoon (1940)
Western Union (1941)
Moon Over Miami (1941)
Bahama Passage (1941)
Hello Frisco, Hello (1943)
Cover Girl (1944)
A Song to Remember (1945)
References
External links
1894 births
1946 deaths
American cinematographers
People from Bayonne, New Jersey
"I Luv U Baby" is the debut single of dance music group the Original, released in late 1994. It was written and produced by Walter Taieb and Giuseppe Nuzzo, with vocals performed by Broadway singer Everett Bradley. Upon its first release in the United Kingdom, the song peaked at number 31 in January 1995, but a re-release later that year proved much more successful, reaching the number-two spot. The song also reached number 12 in Ireland and the top 40 in Iceland and the Netherlands. In 1996, "I Luv U Baby" charted in the United States, making it to number 66 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Critical reception
Brad Beatnik from Music Week'''s RM'' Dance Update gave the song five out of five, calling it a "thumping piano house tune" that was "apparently rather large in Ibiza this summer". Another editor, James Hamilton described it as "title line moaned and keyboards tinkled cantering".
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1994 debut singles
1994 songs
1995 singles
House music songs
Mantere is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eeki Mantere (1949–2007), Finnish musician
Oskari Mantere (1874–1942), Finnish politician
Jeffrey Stewart Heath AM (15 October 1955 – 7 March 2004) was an Australian Paralympic archer and a disability publisher and advocate.
Personal
Heath was born on 15 October 1955 at Glenelg, South Australia. From the age of seven he used a wheelchair due to bone cancer. In 1979, Heath completed an Associate Diploma (Recreation), Salisbury CAE and in 1983 he completed a Bachelor of Arts (Recreation), University of South Australia. He was married to Yvonne Baillie and they have a daughter. He died of mesothelioma on 7 March 2004.
Sporting career
Heath competed in archery and dartchery at the 1976 Summer Paralympic Games in Toronto, Canada. He finished eleventh in the Men's Novice Round Open, ninth in the Men's Pairs Open and eighth in the Mixed Novice and Tetraplegics Round Team A-C.
Employment
Heath's employment involved working on disability and inclusion issues for organisations based in Adelaide. He was the editor of Link, a leasing Australian disability magazine. He was the founder of the Disability Information Resource Centre in Adelaide. From 1988 to 1993, he was a Executive Director of Disabled Peoples International (DPI) South Australia.
Politics
Heath was a member of the Australian Democrats, representative for South Australia on the national executive and national journal editor. He unsuccessfully stood for the electorate of Norwood at the 1982 South Australian state election. At the 2001 Australian Federal Election, he was number two on the South Australian Senate ticket and was not elected.
Recognition
1972 - Queen Scout Award, a Rotary youth leadership award
1981 - Selected to lead Australia's first street march for people with disabilities in Sydney in 1981.
1996 - Churchill Fellowship to study the production and exhibition of goods and services for the disabled - Germany, United Kingdom and United States.
2000 - Torch bearer Sydney 2000 Paralympics.
2003 - Member of the Order of Australia for service to people with disabilities as an advocate for improved services and through the publication of Link magazine.
References
External links
Jeff Heath Website at Wayback Machine
Paralympic archers of Australia
Paralympic dartchers of Australia
Australian male archers
Archers at the 1976 Summer Paralympics
Dartchers at the 1976 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair category Paralympic competitors
Australian disability rights activists
Deaths from mesothelioma
Members of the Order of Australia
1955 births
2004 deaths
Paralympic athletes of Australia
Deaths from cancer in Australia
Alex Vetchinsky (1904-1980) was a BAFTA nominated British film art director and production designer. He worked on more than a hundred productions during a career that lasted between 1928 and 1974. Vetchinsky was employed for many years at Gainsborough Pictures. He later worked frequently for Rank, including on several Carry On films.
Selected filmography
Balaclava (1928)
Symphony in Two Flats (1930)
Sunshine Susie (1931)
The Faithful Heart (1932)
The Lucky Number (1932)
Marry Me (1932)
The Man from Toronto (1933)
It's a Boy (1933)
Soldiers of the King (1933)
Aunt Sally (1934)
Stormy Weather (1935)
The Phantom Light (1935)
Tudor Rose (1936)
All In (1936)
Good Morning, Boys (1937)
Said O'Reilly to McNab (1937)
Convict 99 (1938)
Shipyard Sally (1939)
A Girl Must Live (1939)
Night Train to Munich (1940)
Kipps (1941)
Cottage to Let (1941)
The Young Mr. Pitt (1942)
Tawny Pipit (1944)
Don't Take It to Heart (1944)
Waterloo Road (1945)
The October Man (1947)
The Mark of Cain (1947)
Hungry Hill (1947)
Escape (1948)
It's Hard to Be Good (1948)
Morning Departure (1950)
Highly Dangerous (1950)
Waterfront (1950)
Night Without Stars (1951)
Hunted (1952)
The Black Knight (1954)
Passage Home (1955)
Value for Money (1955)
A Town Like Alice (1956)
Carry on Sergeant (1958)
Operation Amsterdam (1959)
Rotten to the Core (1965) (received BAFTA nomination)
Doctor in Clover (1966)
The Long Duel (1967)
Carry On... Up the Khyber (1968)
Kidnapped (1971)
Gold (1974)
References
External links
1904 births
1980 deaths
British film designers
British art directors
Film people from London
Janez Janša (born 7 December 1970 in Bergamo, Italy, as Davide Grassi) is one of the three contemporary artists who in 2007 changed their names to Janez Janša, the name of the Slovenian right-wing politician Janez Janša. He is a conceptual artist, performer and producer graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts of Milan, Italy. His work has a strong social connotation and is characterized by an inter-media approach. He is co-founder and director of Aksioma – Institute for Contemporary Art, Ljubljana.
His first public artistic project was the urban installation "I Need Money to Be an Artist,"which was presented first in Ljubljana, Slovenia (1996) and then in Venice, Italy. In 2001 he became President of the Management Board of “Problemarket.com – the Problem Stock Exchange”, a virtual platform on which shares of companies dealing with problems are floated. The following year Janša produced “machinaZOIS” an electromechanical patron that financially supports contemporary artists and artistic productions. Then he started the development of “DemoKino – Virtual Biopolitical Agora”, a virtual parliament that through topical film parables provides the voters with the opportunity to decide on issues that are becoming the essence of modern politics: the questions of life. In 2005 Janša established the platform “RE:akt!” that examines media's role in manipulating perceptions and creating (post)modern historical myths and contemporary mythology. A part of this platform is the project “Mount Triglav on Mount Triglav” by Janez Janša, Janez Janša and Janez Janša.
Parallelly to these socio-political projects Janša investigated the field of Virtual Reality and neurofeedback technologies.
During 2000-2002 he developed and performed with Darij Kreuh "Brainscore – Incorporeal Communication", a performance for two operators, which act in a virtual reality environment through their avatars.
During 2004-2007 he led the project "Brainloop", an interactive performance platform which allows a subject to navigate a virtual space merely by imagining specific motor commands.
Janez Janša is editor of the book "La Carta del Carnaro / The Charter of Carnaro" (2009) and co-editor of the textual and pictorial reader "DemoKino – Virtual Biopolitical Agora" (2006), of the book "NAME - Readymade" (2008), "RE:akt! - Reconstruction, Re-enactment, Re-reporting" (2009) and "Signature".
In September 2008 Mladina published biography of the three Janez Janšas. and a month later he co-edited (together with Janez Janša (director) and Janez Janša (visual artist)) the book NAME Readymade.
References
External links
Aksioma Institute for Contemporary Art, Ljubljana
RE:akt! - Reconstruction, Re-enactment, Re-reporting Platform
DemoKino – Virtual Biopolitical Agora DemoKino – Virtual Biopolitical Agora
Signature Event Context performance
Signature Event Context
Brainscore
Brainloop
I Need Money to Be an Artist
Problemarket.com - the Problem Stock Exchange
machinaZOIS - Your Electromechanical Patron!
Living people
1970 births
Italian conceptual artists
Italian performance artists
Slovenian people of Italian descent
Brera Academy alumni
Lake Elmo State Park is a public recreation area located on the northeast side of Billings, Montana. The state park occupies and is at an elevation of . It offers non-motorized boating on a reservoir, three beach-front areas, fishing pier, grassed multi-use areas, two group-use shelters, playground, and fenced-in dog park on the lake's west side.
References
External links
Lake Elmo State Park Montana Fish, Wildlife & Parks
Lake Elmo State Park Trail Map Montana Fish, Wildlife & Parks
State parks of Montana
Billings, Montana
Protected areas of Yellowstone County, Montana
Protected areas established in 1983
Neochen debilis is an extinct species of goose from the Middle Pleistocene Belgrano Formation of Argentina. Argentine paleontologist Florentino Ameghino described the species from a tarsometatarsus discovered in La Plata. It was smaller than the extant Orinoco goose.
References
Bibliography
External links
Tadorninae
Pleistocene birds
Quaternary birds of South America
Ensenadan
Pleistocene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 1891
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Marianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Aulihan () are a Somali clan, a division of the larger and the bravest of peopleOgaden clan, living on both sides of the Kenya - Somalia border. There are majorities of the Aulihan clan in Somali Ethiopia regions. The majorities 8 farah samatar migrated in response to pressure from the expanding Ethiopian empire and had taken control of the hinterland of the lower Jubba river by the 1870s. The Aulihan today hold the middle Jubba Valley areas north of Gelib. Their grazing territory extends across the border into Kenya, and they claim a large part of northeastern Garissa District. They are active in the cross-border cattle trade. In 1984 there was little rain. In search of grazing, Aulihan from Garissa District pushed into Isiolo District where they started to push the Boran people from their pasturage and to raid their herds.
In December 1915, the Aulihan raided some Samburu who had taken their herds into the Lorian Swamp, stealing several thousand cattle. The British, preoccupied with military operations against the Germans in German East Africa, were slow to respond. After their post at Sarinley in Jubaland was sacked, the British withdrew from their other posts in the northeast frontier region of the East African Protectorate. The Aulihan attempted to get other clans involved in their struggle against the colonialists, but were not successful. Eventually, in September 1917 the British sent an expedition that re-occupied Serenli, and followed up with successful operations against the northern Aulihan who capitulated on 15 January 1918. Further ruthless operations against southern Aulihan were completed in March 1918.
In the late 1980s the Aulihan, Mohamed Zubeyr and other Ogadeen clansmen had formed the Somali Patriotic Movement (SPM), taking control of the Lower Jubba. In the mid-1990s there was a split within the Ogadeen, with the Aulihan led by General Nur Gebiyo joining with General Hersi Morgan's Harti-based faction of the SPM.The strongest sub clan of the Ogaden By 2000, Senior Olow
Subclans
Aulyahan branches to nine sub clans which is divided into three categories
1. Mumin Hassan
Afgaab sonqat
Wafate
Aden kheir
2. Tur Cade
Hawis
Abokor Cade
Sonqaad
3. Jibrail
Ali dadsan
Afwaah
Qasin
ReferencesSources'
Ogaden (clan)
Garissa County
Somali clans
Our Hearts Were Growing Up is a 1946 American comedy film directed by William D. Russell and written by Melvin Frank, Norman Panama and Frank Waldman. It is the sequel to the 1944 film Our Hearts Were Young and Gay. The film stars Gail Russell, Diana Lynn, Brian Donlevy, Billy De Wolfe, James Brown and Bill Edwards. The film was released on June 16, 1946, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Gail Russell as Cornelia Otis Skinner
Diana Lynn as Emily Kimbrough
Brian Donlevy as Tony Minnetti
Billy De Wolfe as Roland du Frere
James Brown as Avery Moore
Bill Edwards as Tom Newhall
William Demarest as Peanuts Schultz
Sharon Douglas as Suzanne Carter
Mary Hatcher as Dibs Downing
Sara Haden as Miss Dill
Mikhail Rasumny as Bubchenko
Isabel Randolph as Mrs. Southworth
Frank Faylen as Federal Agent
References
External links
1946 films
1946 comedy films
American black-and-white films
American comedy films
American sequel films
Films directed by William D. Russell
Films set in Boston
Films set in the 1920s
Films set in universities and colleges
Paramount Pictures films
1946 directorial debut films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Obtest is an extreme metal band from Vilnius, Lithuania. They started out in 1992 as a brutal death metal act, but soon changed the style to black metal. Their lyrics are related to Lithuanian mythology and are sung in Lithuanian, though a few of the songs on their demos were in English. The band currently refers their music style as "heathen war heavy metal."
Current line-up
Sadlave - guitar (also in Notanga, ex-Burying Place, Fanarai, ex-Anubi, Agyria, Trolis & The Giberlingers, ex-Ruination)
Baalberith - vocals
Karolis - bass
Insmuth - drums
Enrikas Slavinskis - guitars (ex-Fata Morgana (Ltu), ex-Stone's Lament, Soul Stealer, Loosers, Crossroad, Degradatonia)
Former members
Demonas - bass (also in Burying Place, ex-Zalvarinis)
Discography
Oldness Coming (Demo, 1995) - the title is misspelled "Comming" on the album cover.
Live At Poltergeist (VHS video, 1995)
Prieš Audrą (Demo, 1995)
Tūkstantmetis (Full-length, 1997)
9 9 7 (EP, 1998)
Prisiek (EP, 2001)
Auka Seniems Dievams (Full-length, 2001)
Dvylika JuodVarnių (EP, 2003)
Tėvynei (Video CD, 2004)
Iš Kartos Į Kartą (Full-length, 2005)
Prieš Audrą (MiniLP, 2006)
Gyvybės medis (Full-length, 2008)
External links
Official Obtest home page
Official Obtest myspace page
Obtest's label Ledo Takas Records
Musical groups established in 1992
Lithuanian black metal musical groups
Lithuanian folk metal musical groups
Musical quintets
People Like Us (PLU) (Chinese:我等之辈) is a gay equality lobby group in Singapore. Having been twice rejected by the government board which approves or prohibits organisations, the Registrar of Societies, it is now in its third incarnation as "PLU3". The term "PLU" has also gradually become slang for "homosexual" amongst members of Singapore's and Malaysia's gay subculture.
According to Joseph Lo, one of the earliest organiser of PLU, PLU aspires to be a space where GLB Singaporeans can "come together to help and support each other," leading the organization to coordinate discussion forums and social events for community building.
History
PLU is an informal association of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) and heterosexual allies in Singapore that was formed in 1993. An initial application to the Registrar of Societies for official recognition of the group was submitted by 10 members, two of whom were heterosexual, on November 7, 1996, and rejected without specification of reason on April 8, 1997. PLU subsequently submitted an appeal to the Minister for Home Affairs and the Prime Minister, which was rejected in May 1997. A re-founding meeting in 2003 gathered together over 100 participants, but questions remained about future potentials for recognition and strategy.
Lo, initially at the helm in organising and conducting PLU's activities, gradually took a back seat after Alex Au came on board. Au subsequently became the motive force behind PLU and the identifiable face of gay activism in Singapore, helping to reconstitute PLU in its later incarnations, earning him a gay award from Utopia in 2002.
In 2010 PLU participated in compiling a report on the human rights situation in Singapore to be submitted in advance of the first UN review of human rights in Singapore. PLU also concluded an online survey of LGBT voters in Singapore in 2010 to ascertain issues of political importance to the Singaporean gay community.
Monthly forums
From 1993 to 1996, PLU held monthly Sunday forums at The Substation. A topic would be chosen and a lead speaker found. But the part which participants enjoyed most was always the break-out sessions. Forum attendees would divide themselves into smaller groups to flesh out these issues on a more personal and intimate level. Topics varied widely, and included coming out of the closet, the law, insurance for singles, housing and safe sex. More light-hearted ones like "homosexuals and beauty" were also dealt with.
Attendance ranged between 40 and 80 for each forum
See also
LGBT rights in Singapore
List of LGBT rights organisations
Notes
External links
PLU's website
LGBT political advocacy groups in Singapore
Ian Roy MacLennan DFM, FRAIC, MTPIC, RCAF (4 April 1919 – 6 November 2013), was a Canadian fighter pilot and flying ace during the Second World War who later became a successful architect.
Early life
Born in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, with six siblings, Ian MacLennan was schooled in Gull Lake, Saskatchewan. He studied engineering at Saskatchewan University.
Second World War
MacLennan was enlisted into the RCAF in October 1940. Following training, he graduated from training school in June 1941, arriving in England during that Summer.
Malta
After service in Britain, flying sorties over France, in 1942 the RAF asked for desperately-needed volunteers (and their even more needed aircraft) to fight against Axis forces during the Siege of Malta. After damaging two Spitfires in an accident, MacLennan had fallen out of favor with his commanding officer and was asked to volunteer to go. On 9 June 1942, 32 pilots, MacLennan among them, headed towards Malta on board the aircraft carrier HMS Eagle. Roughly 1000 km (621 miles) from the island, the Spitfires were launched, attempting to fly through a hotbed of Axis aircraft and warships. After a four-hour flight, they landed, with little fuel left. Immediately, Malta-based pilots took over the aircraft, defending against a Luftwaffe attack.
MacLennan flew with No. 1435 Squadron, based at RAF Luqa and formed a good relationship with Canadian aces Squadron Leader Tony Lovell and Flight Lieutenant Henry Wallace McLeod; Lovell witnessed his first victory. MacLennan impressed his superiors with his gunnery skills and was promoted directly from flight sergeant to flight lieutenant and given command of "A" flight. During his time on Malta, MacLennan shot down seven enemy aircraft, becoming an ace.
On Malta, he also met George Beurling, the highest-scoring Canadian pilot of the Second World War, whom he highly regarded. However, the two never flew together.
Capture and escape
After the siege ended, MacLennan returned home for a period of rest. During D-Day, on 7 June 1944, his Spitfire crash-landed in enemy territory whilst supporting the allied landings. Captured, he was sent to Stalag Luft III, where he subsequently escaped in 1945, as the war was drawing to a close.
Postwar career
In 1945 MacLennan returned to Canada, studying at University of Toronto, where he was mentored by renowned Canadian architect Eric Arthur. A primary focus of his career in architecture was on producing affordable housing. His role took him to Venezuela, the United States and eventually back to his homeland of Canada. In 1961, he was made a Fellow of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada, one of the youngest to be elected.
Moshe Safdie, famed designer of Habitat 67 said of him:
MacLennan appeared in two television documentaries, chronicling the Siege of Malta and the role played by Canadian Air Aces during the War.
Death
Ian MacLennan's wife of 67 years, London-born Nina Olive MacLennan (née Barry) who was "familiar with the Bible as with Shakespeare" died on 17 May 2013, aged 97. He himself died on 6 November 2013, survived by his two children.
References
Royal Canadian Air Force personnel
Canadian World War II pilots
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Medal
Royal Air Force officers
Canadian World War II flying aces
1919 births
People from Regina, Saskatchewan
Canadian architects
2013 deaths
Karangasso is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Nafanga in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
WISN (1130 kHz) is an AM talk radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., and is the home of local afternoon radio host Mark Belling. Its studios are located on Howard Avenue in the Milwaukee suburb of Greenfield and its nine-tower antenna is located at 21423 Bennett Road in Dover. WISN operates at the maximum power for AM stations of 50,000 watts in the daytime and reduces power to 10,000 watts at night, when it must protect other stations on the 1130 kHz frequency. WISN can also be heard on the HD 2 channel of its FM sister station 97.3 WRNW.
WISN became the new home for Milwaukee Panthers basketball broadcasts in 2007-08. The station was the home of Marquette basketball broadcasts from 1971 to 2006 before opting not to renew its contract with Marquette.
As of January 2015, WISN was sixth of 10 rated stations during the last ratings sample of the Milwaukee market.
Programming
WISN mainly airs the standard Premiere Networks schedule of syndicated conservative talk, a subsidiary of iHeartMedia, mixed in with several local programs. A news-only program, the Morning Briefing starts off the morning hosted by Ken Herrera (who provides news updates throughout the morning), with Jay Weber's local drivetime morning show following it and leading into Dan O'Donnell's mid-morning show. The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show is then carried live before leading into four hours of live afternoon local programming, with Vicki McKenna airing for one hour, followed by The Mark Belling Late Afternoon Show for three hours. Evenings feature Sean Hannity, followed by Mark Levin, both airing in full in tape delay before Coast to Coast AM airs overnights after midnight. All programming is subject to sport pre-emptions.
The weekend mainly features brokered programming, including local shows regarding money, health, real estate and home improvement. Also airing are The Kim Komando Show, Builder's Showcase and Live on Sunday Night, it's Bill Cunningham on Sundays, along with a block of SB Nation Radio.
History
Early history
On July 22, 1922, a broadcasting license was issued jointly to the Milwaukee School of Engineering and the daily evening newspaper, The Wisconsin News, which was owned by the Hearst Corporation. The call letters assigned (sequentially, they had no meaning) were WIAO. Since December 1, 1921, radio stations had been assigned two wavelengths: 360 meters (833 kHz) for "broadcasting news, concerts and such matter", and 485 meters (619 kHz) for "broadcasting crop reports and weather forecasts". As such, WIAO was licensed to broadcast on a wavelength of 360 meters (833.3 kHz). Although its license called for "unlimited" time at a power of 500 watts, the fact that the three other Milwaukee stations: WAAK (Gimbel Brothers department store), WCAY (Kesselman O'Driscol Music Co.) and WHAD (Marquette University), were also licensed for the 360 meter band, meant that WIAO had to share time with them.
At 10:15 a.m. on October 23 of that year, WIAO went on the air from the school's Marshall Street building with 100 watts of power, using a student-built transmitter. That power level was formalized on January 9, 1923, when a new license was issued.
On July 23, 1923, another new license was issued — this time solely to the School of Engineering — specifying a power level of 200 watts. The power level was reduced to 100 watts on October 9.
In January 1924, The Wisconsin News began programming the station on a part-time basis. On May 31, 1924, the station was authorized to shift its frequency to 246 meters (1220 kHz). The station did so at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, June 9. On August 18 of that year, WIAO changed its call letters to WSOE (standing for School of Engineering). On December 31, the school announced that it had purchased all of the equipment of WCBD in Zion, Illinois (one of the first religious stations for the city's Christ Community Church, which also preached "flat earth" information). The purchase included a new, more powerful (500-watt) transmitter and twin towers, which were mounted atop the school's Oneida (now Wells) Street building. The new WSOE was dedicated on July 8, 1925. At that time, The Wisconsin News took over programming the station full-time, while the School of Engineering took care of technical operations. Formal approval of the power increase was issued on July 15.
The authorized power level was increased to 1,000 watts on April 21, 1927.
At 3:00 a.m. on June 15, 1927, the first of two major reassignments of radio frequencies made by the new Federal Radio Commission (FRC) took effect. The reassignment affected almost 600 of the nation's 694 radio stations. WSOE was shifted to a wavelength of 270 meters (1110 kHz).
The Journal Co. had programmed Marquette University's station, WHAD (which was unrelated to the current-day Delafield-licensed Wisconsin Public Radio outlet), since January 1925. It couldn't come to a satisfactory agreement with them on where to take the station, and at the suggestion of a Federal Radio Commissioner, decided to purchase another. On April 20, 1927, The Journal Co. purchased WKAF.
On June 1, 1927, WSOE was shifted to a frequency of 1110 kHz and its power reduced to 500 watts. WHAD was assigned to a wavelength of 293 meters (1020 kHz), and ordered to share time with WKAF until the Journal Co. took over the latter station, at which time WHAD would be moved to another frequency. That happened on July 25, 1927, and the call letters were changed to WTMJ.
As a result, WHAD was shifted to 270 meters (1110 kHz) on September 15, and ordered to share time with WSOE. On October 15, WSOE's power was cut to 250 watts.
To compete with WTMJ, The Wisconsin News entered into a lease arrangement with the School of Engineering on November 15, 1927. The lease was for a minimum of three years. The agreement specified that the newspaper was to "operate the station and furnish all financial support while its ownership and technical supervision was to remain in the hands of the school." Subsequent license applications filed on January 11 and 12 were filed in the name of the School of Engineering and The Wisconsin News, respectively.
To reflect the new arrangement, The Wisconsin News changed the call sign from WSOE to WISN on January 23, 1928.
With the issuance of its General Order 40 on August 30, 1928, the FRC assigned WISN a new wavelength of 267 meters (1120 kHz) at 250 watts of power. The new assignment took effect on November 11. It was also ordered to share time with WHAD, with WISN receiving six-sevenths of the available time, and WHAD one-seventh. The studios, transmitter and towers were still located at the School of Engineering. WHAD had objected to the time-share arrangement with WISN, but its request to shift to 900 kHz was denied by the FRC on October 22.
WISN applied for permission to increase its power to 1000 watts on July 29, 1930, and it was granted by the FRC on September 12. The station was sold to The Wisconsin News in November of that year.
The station continued to be located at the School of Engineering until 1932. That year, the School of Engineering reorganized itself as a non-profit corporation, and changed its name to the Milwaukee School of Engineering (MSOE). It moved from the Oneida Street building after purchasing the German-English Academy on North Broadway Street. Hearst also owned the morning newspaper, The Milwaukee Sentinel, and the WISN station offices and studios were relocated to its building on Michigan Street. The transmitter and tower were relocated to the top of the Milwaukee Electric Railway & Light Co.'s Public Service Building, and the newspaper took over operational responsibility for WISN.
WHAD applied for 900 kHz again in 1929, under the understanding that it would share time with WLBL. Its application was denied as WHAD and WLBL had entered into a time sharing agreement. WHAD appealed to the United States District Court of Appeals, which subsequently upheld the FRC's decision. It subsequently tried to negotiate a better time-sharing agreement with WISN. The latter interpreted the 1/7 requirement to be one day, while WHAD interpreted it as divided over a week. On November 12, 1931, a hearing was held to decide the matter, and as a result, in licenses issued to the two stations effective on February 19, 1932, specified definite hours for the operation of each.
The Wisconsin News purchased WHAD from Marquette University in 1934, and on May 29, WHAD was deleted and WISN was able to broadcast seven days a week.
In 1937, The Wisconsin News became The Milwaukee News, though the newspaper folded in 1939. WISN then became The Milwaukee Sentinel station, but the call letters were not changed.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) shifted WISN to 1150 kHz in 1941 as a part of the North American Regional Broadcasting Agreement (Havana Treaty).
The station shifted to its current frequency of 1130 kHz on March 11, 1965, at which time its power was increased from 5,000 watts into four towers to its current 50,000 watts days, 10,000 watts nights into nine towers. The stated purpose of this change was "bragging rights" as the highest-powered AM station in the entire state. (A Madison station formerly had "bragging rights" with 10,000 watts days and 5,000 watts nights into six towers). A further increase from 10,000 watts to 25,000 watts, nights, and the associated additional land and three additional towers, for a total of twelve towers, nights, was approved, but was never built, and the construction permit was subsequently canceled.
The Hearst era
The Hearst Corporation later purchased WISN, and in 1955, acquired a recently signed-on television station, WTVW (channel 12), which changed its call letters to match the radio station subsequent with the purchase of the TV station. Unlike WISN radio, which was affiliated with CBS, WISN-TV was an affiliate of ABC and DuMont. On February 1, 1956, WISN radio affiliated with the ABC Radio Network, aligning both radio and television properties with one network. CBS placed advertisements in Milwaukee newspapers advising listeners to tune to WBBM in Chicago to hear their favorite CBS radio network programs.
In 1958, the station reacted to growing listeners and advertisers had backlash against the growing popularity of rock-and-roll and later ending up declaring a stunting format to be "non-rock, anti-Top 40", marking it one of the oldest temporary formats in radio history. To mark the event, the station played 5 hours of rock music then burned that music in the station's courtyard.
In 1961, WISN-TV affiliated with CBS, to match its radio cousin. That same year, Hearst signed on a sister FM station, WISN-FM.
The Milwaukee Journal reported on February 9, 1962, that ABC radio was discussing a possible move to Milwaukee's unaffiliated WRIT (1340 AM). On August 11, 1962, the same newspaper reported that those negotiations did not result in ABC shifting to WRIT. The ABC radio network was to remain with WISN.
WISN aired an adult contemporary format from the 1970s until August 19, 1987, when it changed to its current news/talk format.
In 1977, WISN-TV returned to ABC. In 1981 and 1982, WISN gained the rights to air Milwaukee Brewers games (and consequently, the team's current only World Series season); these were the only two (out of three, as WEMP aired games in the team's first year in 1970) years that WTMJ did not carry the team's games.
Sale to Clear Channel
In 1997, in the wake of the passage of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, Hearst decided to expand its stake in television (creating Hearst-Argyle Television), and sold its radio stations except for two in Baltimore. Clear Channel Communications (now known as iHeartMedia) bought WISN radio, along with sister station WLTQ-FM the next year. The radio stations stayed within the combined WISN-TV/AM/WLTQ studios at N. 19th St. and Wells St. until 2000, when all five Milwaukee Clear Channel stations moved into WOKY's expanded facility on Howard Ave. in Greenfield.
In 2007 the station ended their affiliation with ABC Radio and switched to Clear Channel's Fox News Radio network for national reporting and newscasts, and the ABC News Radio affiliation moved to WTMJ.
On July 27, 2009, the last remaining link between WISN Radio and WISN-TV was severed, when Clear Channel signed an agreement with WITI (Channel 6) to provide local news and weather content on its area stations. This ended a longtime agreement dating back to the Clear Channel sale for Weather Watch 12 to provide forecasts to the six stations in Clear Channel's Milwaukee cluster.
At the start of August 2012, WISN's programming began to air on the HD2 channel of FM sister station WRNW (97.3, the former WISN/WLTQ-FM), returning in some form 1130's programming to the former WISN-FM for the first time since FCC action forced broadcasters to end simulcasts of the same programming on their AM and FM signals. WRNW remains a tenant on the WISN-TV tower, the only remaining link of the television station to its former radio sisters.
References
External links
1130 WISN
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
FCC History Cards for WISN
ISN
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1922
1922 establishments in Wisconsin
IHeartMedia radio stations
Bozdoğan is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Paper terrorism is a neologism to refer to the use of false liens, frivolous lawsuits, bogus letters of credit, and other legal documents lacking sound factual basis as a method of harassment. These methods are popular among some American anti-government groups and those associated with the redemption movement. Mark Pitcavage of the Anti-Defamation League states that these methods were pioneered by the Posse Comitatus. Some victims of paper terrorism have been forced to declare bankruptcy. An article by the Southern Poverty Law Center states that another tactic is filing reports with the Internal Revenue Service falsely accusing their political enemies of having unreported income. Such frivolous lawsuits also clog the court system making it more difficult to process other cases and including using challenges to the titles of property owned by government officials and others. Another method of paper terrorism is filing bankruptcy petitions against others in an effort to ruin their credit ratings.
In the late 1990s, the "Republic of Texas", a militia group claiming that Texas was legally independent, carried out what it called "a campaign of paper terrorism" using bogus land claims and bad checks to try to the congest Texas courts.
See also
Abuse of process
Freeman of the land
Frivolous litigation
Pseudolaw
Spamigation
Sovereign citizen movement
Vexatious litigation
Texas secession movements
References
Political neologisms
Terrorism by method
Pseudolaw
Fukushima disaster may refer to:
2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, which caused extensive damage to the eastern coast of Fukushima Prefecture
Fukushima nuclear disaster, in which the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant was heavily damaged by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami
Fukushima incident (1882), political tumult in Fukushima Prefecture
Oak Beck is a watercourse that flows eastwards across the northern part of Harrogate in North Yorkshire, England. The beck flows through a broad V-shaped valley, before emptying into the River Nidd at Bilton, just upstream from the Nidd Gorge Viaduct. Water from Oak Beck has been used as a water supply for Harrogate and also for industrial purposes further downstream.
Course
The river rises as a tributary at Broad Dubb in the Haverah Park area west of Harrogate. The site is above sea level, and water flows eastwards and then northwards as Scargill Beck to fill Scargill Reservoir. Another tributary rises at Bank Hall and flows through the Beaver Dyke Reservoirs as Beaver Dyke. Some below the lower dam head it meets the waters of Scargill Beck and forms Oak Beck; at this point, the beck is west of Harrogate town centre. The waters of Oak Beck flow through a V-shaped valley covering some west of Harrogate. The river flows through the golf course at Oakdale, providing it with one of its features. Oak Beck divides Jennyfield and Killinghall Moor in the west, with Low Harrogate and the New Park area in the east.
After passing under the A59 and the A61 roads, the river goes past the hamlet of Knox, where it is crossed by the grade II listed Spruisty (or Knox) Bridge, a packhorse bridge that used to have a ford adjacent to it. The bridge was the main route between Knaresborough and Ripley, with the adjacent ford believed to have been the crossing place for monks going to and from Fountains Abbey. The Oak Beck flows past Knox and north of Bilton, entering the River Nidd just upstream of the former railway viaduct across Nidd Gorge. The lower reaches of the river, back from the Nidd past Knox to the northern part of Harrogate, were originally a lake, dammed by a glacier.
The length of the named Oak Beck is ; however, the Environment Agency state it to be , but this includes the tributaries of Scargill Beck and the stream that flows through Harlow Carr gardens.
Toponymy
One of the settlements passed by the river is Oakdale, a name which can be traced back to the middle of the 13th century when it was written as (forest' de) Ockeden (the forest of oak trees). The river valley used to possess many oak trees, which afforded shelter for sheep and pigs. It has also been referred to as Oak Brook by the judge during a case against Harrogate Commissioners.
Hydrometry and ecology
Four reservoirs have been built on Oak Beck and its tributaries: Beaver Dyke Reservoirs, Scargill Reservoir and Ten Acre Reservoir. Originally, one of the Beaver Dyke reservoirs was known as John O'Gaunt after a local landmark, but both the lowest of the Beaver Dyke reservoirs and the Ten Acre Reservoir have been drained of water. The reservoirs were built to provide clean water for Harrogate via the servicing reservoirs at Irongate Bridge and Harlow Hill. The river has a catchment area of .
A £1.5 million storm drain was installed by the river in 2005. The storm drain, near the swimming pool in the northern part of the town, was built to store run-off water which can be screened before being released into Oak Beck.
Oak Beck was one of a handful of Yorkshire rivers which had a resident population of white-clawed crayfish, and it is also noted to host bullhead and brown trout. A written record from 1904 states an elderly man recalling beavers living on Oak Beck (dated to around 1750), believed to be why the Beaver Dyke and dams acquired their names.
Industry
In the 1860s, pollution in the Oak Beck led to a dispute between a bleaching works owner and the Harrogate Commissioners. The owner of the mill, which was south of the river and Knox hamlet, contended that sewage in the beck was damaging his product, which ironically, in its waste process, produced calcium chloride and calcium hypochlorite, "...both of which have sterilising properties, and so their presence in sewage-polluted water should tend to improve the water quality." Similarly, the Harrogate Gas Company, whose works were adjacent to the beck at the junction of the roads to Ripon and York (now the A59/A61junction), were found to have allowed "deleterious material" to enter the river in early 1890.
There was also a corn mill on Oak Beck, west of the hamlet of Knox. The waterwheel and building were still extant in the 21st century.
Water from the beck was used by at Harrogate power station, which was next to the river as it flowed through its lower reaches in northern Harrogate before entering the Nidd. However, the water that was abstracted was only used in the cooling pond, and not for steam generation.
References
Sources
External links
Oak Beck mapped through Oakdale Woods and golf course
Nidderdale
Rivers of North Yorkshire
Ouse catchment
Geography of Harrogate
St Mary's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Mundon, Essex, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
History
The oldest fabric in the present church dates from the 14th century. The church is built within the moated enclosure of Mundon Hall. It is thought that an earlier church existed on the site, possibly dating back to the Anglo-Saxon era, as it is situated on St Peter's Way, an ancient pilgrim's route to St Peter's Chapel, Bradwell. In addition the font, which has been removed, was dated to about 1200. The tower, with its timber belfry, was erected in the 16th century. The north porch was added in about 1600.
By 1684 the church had fallen into disrepair. During the following century it was rebuilt in brick on the old foundations. In the 19th and 20th centuries the population of the immediate locality declined, and the fabric of the church deteriorated again. In addition it was damaged by the blast from a V-bomb during the Second World War. Although some repairs were undertaken after the war, church services were held elsewhere, and in 1974 the parish was transferred to St Mary's in Maldon. The church was taken into the care of the charity the Friends of Friendless Churches during the following year. The charity holds a 999-year lease with effect from 1 January 1975. Since its acquisition repair and conservation work has been carried out, assisted by a grant of £140,000 from English Heritage. From September 2009 the church has been open to visitors. An annual service is held in the church.
Architecture, fittings and furnishings
The plan of the church consists of a nave with a north porch, a chancel, and a tower supporting a belfry; around the tower is a semi-octagonal aisle. The nave is constructed in plastered stone rubble, the chancel is in brick, the aisle around the tower is timber-framed, the belfry is weatherboarded, and the roofs are covered in red tiles. Inside the church is a complete set of 18th-century box pews and an 18th-century octagonal pulpit. On the chancel walls, also dating from the 18th century, are paintings of the Ten Commandments, the Lord's Prayer, the Creed, and other texts. Above the east window is a mural depicting curtains being drawn aside, with hanging tassels, "in a rare rural attempt at trompe l'oeil".
References
Further reading
External links
St Mary's Church on Essex Churches website
14th-century church buildings in England
Grade I listed churches in Essex
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
Church of England church buildings in Maldon District
Bánh cáy is a variety of Vietnamese bánh (translates loosely as "cake" or "bread") made in the Thái Bình Province of northern Vietnam. It is made of sticky rice, sugar, gac or gardenia, sesame, carrots, mandarin orange peel, and lard. The mixture is roasted and ground, then put into a square box. It resembles the eggs of the con cáy, a small crab in northern Vietnam which lives in rivers and rice paddies, from which this bánh derives its name. Bánh cáy is traditionally served with tea.
Vietnamese pastries
Bánh
Huzurkent is a town in Mersin Province, Turkey.
Geography
Huzurkent is situated at on the Çukurova (ancient Cicilia) plains and about north of the Mediterranean coast. The town has a sandy beach at the coast. It is planned to create a Touristic center in this beach. It is on the highway connecting Mersin to Tarsus. Distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of the town was 12,553 as of 2007.
History
The town was founded in 1969 by merging three villages which were almost ruined by the big flood disaster of 1968. The town quickly flourished as the main town and municipality in the vicinity of industrial estates between Mersin and Tarsus. But in 2008 by the act of 5216, administrative status of Huzurkent was changed, the municipality was abolished and the town was incorporated into Greater Mersin proper.
Economy
Huzurkent is one of the affluent towns of Mersin Province. Situated in a fertile plain, main products are fresh fruits and vegetables. Annual harvest festivals are held in the springs. Some residents also work in the nearby factories.
References
Towns in Turkey
Populated places in Mersin Province
The Dresden Kreuzkirche (Church of the Holy Cross) is a Lutheran church in Dresden, Germany. It is the main church and seat of the Landesbischof of the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Saxony, and the largest church building in the Free State of Saxony. It also is home of the Dresdner Kreuzchor boys' choir.
History
A Romanesque basilica dedicated to Saint Nicholas had existed at the southeastern corner of the Dresden market since the twelfth century. A Side-chapel of the Cross, named after a relic bequeathed by the Meissen margravine Constance of Babenberg (1212–1243), was first mentioned in 1319. Over the decades, it became the name of the whole church, which was officially dedicated on 10 June 1388 to the Holy Cross.
From 1401 it was rebuilt as a hall church with a prominent westwork in the German Sondergotik style. Based on the architectural works by Peter Parler (1330–1399), the construction later served as a model for numerous church buildings in Upper Saxony such as St. Anne's Church, Annaberg-Buchholz or St. Wolfgang's Church, Schneeberg. Finished about 1447/49, the church burned down in 1491, the first of five blazes over the next centuries. The Wettin electors of Saxony, residing at Dresden since 1464, had the Gothic hall church rebuilt, from 1499 under the architectural direction of Conrad Pflüger. From 1579 until 1584 the westwork was restored in a Renaissance style.
The church was heavily damaged by Prussian cannonade during the Seven Years' War, with its Late Gothic choir almost completely destroyed. After the war, the Dresden master builder Johann George Schmidt (1707–1774) set up plans for a Baroque reconstruction, which however were opposed by contemporary architects of the Neoclassicist school following Zacharias Longuelune (1669–1748). Prince Francis Xavier of Saxony backed Schmidt and laid the foundation stone in 1764, nevertheless, after the preserved westwork collapsed in 1765, Schmidt had to accept the Neoclassicist chief architect Friedrich August Krubsacius (1718–1789) as adviser. Choir and steeple were accomplished in 1788, the new church was consecrated in 1792 and construction works finished in 1800.
After the building was gutted by a fire in 1897, the church interior was reshaped with Art Nouveau (Jugendstil) elements according to plans designed by the Dresden architects Schilling & Graebner including works by Hans Hartmann-MacLean. The Church of the Cross was again set on fire during the bombing of Dresden on 13 February 1945. In its current form with its sober scratch coat interior, it was re-opened in 1955. In the course of the reconstruction of the nearby Frauenkirche a debate arose over a restoration of the pre-war design, however, from 2000 to 2004, the interior was refurbished in its 1955 condition.
The director of the choir is known as the Kreuzkantor. Roderich Kreile is the twenty-eighth Kreuzkantor since the Reformation.
Kreuzkantors
Since the Reformation:
1540–1553 Sebaldus Baumann
1553–1560 Johannes Selner
1560–1561 Andreas Lando
1561–1585 Andreas Petermann
1585–1586
1586–1589 Basilius Köhler
1589–1606 Bartholomäus Petermann
1606–1612 Christoph Lisberger
1612–1615 Samuel Rüling
1615–1625 Christoph Neander
1625–1654 Michael Lohr
1654–1694 Jacob Beutel
1694–1713 Basilius Petritz
1713–1720 Johann Zacharias Grundig
1720–1755 Theodor Christlieb Reinhold
1755–1785 Gottfried August Homilius
1785–1813 Christian Ehregott Weinlig
10 August – 24 October 1813 Gottlob August Krille
1814–1817 Christian Theodor Weinlig
1818–1822 Hermann Uber
1822–1828 Friedrich Wilhelm Aghte
1828–1875 Ernst Julius Otto
1876–1906 Friedrich Oskar Wermann
1906–1930 Otto Richter
1930–1971 Rudolf Mauersberger
1971–1991 Martin Flämig
1991–1994 Gothart Stier
1994–1996 Matthias Jung (provisional)
1997–2022 Roderich Kreile
2022–
Buried in the church
Gregory of Heimburg
Literature
Karlheinz Blaschke: Dresden, Kreuzkirche, Kreuzschule, Kreuzchor – musikalische und humanistische Tradition in 775 Jahren. Gütersloh/München 1991,
Dieter Härtwig, Matthias Herrmann: Der Dresdner Kreuzchor – Geschichte und Gegenwart, Wirkungsstätten und Schule, Evangelische Verlagsanstalt Leipzig 2006,
Jürgen Helfricht: Dresdner Kreuzchor und Kreuzkirche. Eine Chronik von 1206 bis heute. Husum 2004,
Jürgen Helfricht: Dresden und seine Kirchen. Evangelische Verlagsanstalt Leipzig 2005,
Hans John: Der Dresdner Kreuzchor und seine Kantoren. Berlin 1987,
References
External links
Kreuzkirche Dresden
Dresdner Kreuzchor
Evangelisches Kreuzgymnasium
Pictures
Peter Parler buildings
Lutheran churches in Dresden
Dresden Cross
Dresden Cross
Dresden Cross
Dresden Cross
Dresden Kreuz
Articles containing video clips
Andrew Stratelates, also known as Andrew the Tribune (Greek: Ἀνδρέας ὁ Στρατηλάτης, tr. Andréas o Stratelátes) or Andrew the Commander is a 3rd-century Roman soldier who is commemorated with his 2,593 soldiers as martyrs by the Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church on 19 August.
Life
Little is known about his early life except that he was a Syrian by birth and a military commander in the Roman army during the reign of emperor Maximian (284–305). When a large Persian army invaded the Syrian territories, the governor Antiochus entrusted St. Andrew with the command of the Roman army, giving him the title of "Stratelates" ("Commander"). Invoking Christ to aid him and a small detachment of pagan soldiers in battle, St Andrew proceeded against the adversary and routed the numerous host of Persians. Although he gloriously returned to Antioch, having gained a total victory, certain men denounced him to the governor Antiochus, saying that he was a Christian who had converted the soldiers under his command to his faith.
Trial and death
Andrew was summoned to trial and then tortured. Some of his soldiers were crucified while others were locked in prison. Antiochus sent the report of charges to the emperor to decide whether to impose the death sentence upon the imprisoned commander. The emperor, who knew how the army loved St. Andrew, feared a rebellion, thus freeing them, while secretly ordering their execution on different pretexts. St. Andrew went with his faithful soldiers to Tarsus to be baptized by the local bishop Peter and Bishop Nonos of Beroea, but later fled towards mount Taurus after local persecutions in the Cilician city. In a deep gorge inside the mountains, the Roman army ambushed them, slaughtering St. Andrew and all of the 2,593 soldiers that were with him on that day.
See also
20,000 Martyrs of Nicomedia
Forty Martyrs of Sebaste
Saints Sergius and Bacchus
References
3rd-century births
300 deaths
3rd-century Christian martyrs
Syrian Christian saints
Military saints
This is a listing in alphabetical order of the 309 municipalities in Finland as of 2021. Note that there are 114 municipalities that have both a Finnish and a Swedish name. Those municipalities are listed by the name in the local majority language, with the name in the other national language provided in parenthesis. Finnish is the majority language in 99 of those 114 municipalities, while Swedish is the majority language in 15 of them. The four municipalities that are wholly or partly within the Sami native region have their names given also in the local Sami languages (Inari Sami, Skolt Sami and Northern Sami in the case of Inari; only Northern Sami in the other cases).
References
External links
Finland
Municipalities
Pan Am Flight 812 (PA812), operated by a Pan American World Airways Boeing 707-321B registered N446PA and named Clipper Climax, was a scheduled international flight from Hong Kong to Los Angeles, California, with intermediate stops at Denpasar, Sydney, Nadi, and Honolulu. On April 22, 1974, it crashed into rough mountainous terrain while preparing for a runway 09 approach to Denpasar after a 4-hour 20-minute flight from Hong Kong. All 107 people on board perished. The location of the accident was about northwest of Ngurah Rai International Airport.
Accident
Flight 812, a regularly scheduled flight from Hong Kong to Los Angeles via Bali, Sydney, Nadi, and Honolulu, departed Hong Kong on April 22, 1974, at 11:08 UTC (7:08 pm Hong Kong time). The estimated flying time to Bali was 4 hours and 23 minutes. At 15:23 UTC (12:23 am Bali time in 1974), Flight 812 was on final approach to Bali. The aircraft reported reaching . The Bali Tower gave instructions to continue the approach and to report when the runway was in sight. Acknowledgement was made by Flight 812 by saying, "Check inbound". At 15:26 the pilot-in-command requested the visibility by calling, "Hey – Tower, what is your visibility out there now?"
However, according to the transcription of Air Traffic Control voice recorder this message was never received by the Bali Tower. Apparently this was the last message transmitted by the aircraft. The Bali Tower kept trying to contact the aircraft by calling, "Clipper eight one two, Bali Tower", and "Clipper eight one two, Bali Tower, how do you read", several times. However, no answer was received from the aircraft. It was subsequently found that the aircraft had hit a mountain approximately northwest of the Bali airport.
Search and rescue
Bali control tower immediately lost all contact with the plane and declared that the plane was missing. Indonesian paratroops and authorities were immediately deployed to the area where last contact had been established by Flight 812. The last contact was established by Flight 812 at Mesehe Mountain, a dormant volcano located near the airport.
The wreckage was found a day later by 2 local villagers. They reported that there were no survivors.
Evacuation of the bodies was hampered due to the terrain of the crash site, which was located in a mountainous area. Because of the location rescuers had to cancel the evacuation process via air. Indonesian Army Officers stated that the rescue operation would take four or five days. On April 25, around 300 rescuers were deployed onto the crash site. Indonesian Army stated that the evacuation process would start at April 26. They later added that they had recovered around 43 bodies.
Passengers and crews
There were 96 passengers from 9 countries on board. 70 passengers were bound for Bali. 24 were bound for Sydney. 2 were bound for Nadi. Pan Am reported that about seventy passengers were tourists bound for a holiday in Bali.
Several memorial plaques are to be found for this crash in Jl. Padang Galak, next to the beach Temple, Kesiman, Denpasar East, Indonesia.
The pilot in command was 52-year old Captain Donald Zinke. He had flown a total of 18,247 hours including 7,192 hours in Boeing 707/720 aircraft. He held a DC-4 aircraft rating and a Boeing 707 aircraft rating. The co-pilot was First Officer John Schroeder. He held a valid Boeing 707 rating and had a total flying hours of 6,312 hours including 4,776 hours in Boeing 707/720 aircraft. The other pilot was 38-year old Third Officer Melvin Pratt, held a valid Commercial pilot's licence and a current instrument rating. At the time of the accident he had flown a total of 4,255 hours including 3,964 hours in Boeing 707/720 aircraft. The other cockpit crew members were Flight Engineer Timothy Crowley and 43-year old Flight Engineer Edward Keating.
Investigation
Multiple eyewitnesses stated that the plane was on fire before it struck the Mesehe Mountain. Others stated that Captain Zinke was trying to land from the northwest, where the mountains were located, rather than the usual route (from the east). The east side didn't have any steep terrain. They also stated that the plane exploded shortly after it struck the mountain. There were also reports that the plane was circling during the accident. Pan American Airways then stated that they declined to comment on the cause of the crash. They stated that they would wait for the result of the investigation.
As the aircraft was registered in the United States, the NTSB was called for the investigation of the crash. Representatives of the victims from their origin countries were also called by the Indonesian Government. The FBI was also called for the identification of the victims.
The FBI set up a crisis camp in a hangar in Denpasar. At the time, only 10 percent of Americans were fingerprinted. The identification was later hampered by the Indonesian Government's decision to stop the identification of the victims and the investigation of the crash.
The flight data recorder was recovered on 16 July and the cockpit voice recorder was found on 18 July 1974. The CVR was recovered in good condition, while the FDR had some damage on its outer case due to the crash.
Examination on the wreckage of Flight 812 concluded that the plane didn't break up in flight, as the debris of the plane were concentrated in a specific area, rather than dispersed. The NTSB didn't find engine malfunctions, and added that they didn't find evidence that may indicate that the plane was not airworthy.
Sequence of events based on the final report
The following sequence of events were based on the final report:
The crew were trying to contact Bali Air Traffic Control, however they encountered several difficulties in establishing contact with Bali Air Traffic Control. First contact between the aircraft and Bali Tower was established at 15:06 UTC whereupon Bali Tower instructed Flight 812 to contact Bali Control on frequency 128.3 MHz, because the aircraft was still within the jurisdiction area of Bali Control. This was acknowledged by Flight 812 accordingly. Subsequently, communication between the aircraft and the ground was normal.
Captain Zinke didn't encounter any difficulties on the approach procedure to Denpasar's Ngurah Rai Airport. The procedure stated that before they could land at the airport, the flight should maintain and then they should execute the full ADF let-down procedure. The pilots were aware that there was mountainous terrain on the north of the airport and that flight level 120 would clear them from the mountains. The crew then informed the controllers of the ETA of Flight 812, and stated their intention to make a right turn within from the beacon for a track out on 261 degrees, descending to followed by a procedure to turn over the water for final approach on Runway 09.
At 15:18 UTC, the crew noticed that the number one ADF was "swinging" while ADF number two remained steady. Few seconds later, the crew of Flight 812 reported to Bali Control that he was over the station turning outbound descending to flight level 120. This was acknowledged by Bali Control and Flight 812 was then instructed to change over to Bali Tower. After establishing contact with Bali Tower, Flight 812 reported that they were making outbound procedure at flight level 110 (approximately ) and requested for lower altitude. They were later cleared for lower altitude.
The crew of Flight 812 then decided to execute an early right turn on 263 degrees. The early execution of the right turn was caused by the malfunctioning ADF number one, which swung. The input was made since the crew assumed that they were nearing the NDB (Non-directional beacon). Investigators stated that the right hand turn was made at a position approximately 30 NM North of the beacon.
Several attempts were made to regain proper indication on the ADFs after the turn, however this couldn't happen since the plane was "shielded" by the mountain. The crew then continued their approach and the plane subsequently impacted terrain.
Conclusion
It was determined that the premature execution of a right-hand turn to join the 263-degree outbound track, which was based on the indication given by only one of the radio direction finders while the other one was still in steady condition, is the most probable cause of the accident.
Aftermath
The crash of Flight 812 was a wake-up call for Pan Am. Flight 812 was the third 707 the airline had lost in the Pacific in less than a year after Pan Am Flight 806 in Pago Pago on 30 January 1974 and Pan Am Flight 816 in Papeete on 22 July 1973. Following the crash, Pan Am addressed the issue and encouraged an early form of Crew Resource Management. Flight 812 was the final 707 lost following the safety improvements.
Due to the crash of Flight 812, the Federal Aviation Administration ordered an in-depth inspection of the airline's worldwide flight operations including pilot training, area qualification, operational procedures, pilot supervision and scheduling, line-check procedures, and other related matters of safety. The FAA did not criticize Pan American Airways or imply unsafe operations. They estimated about 3 months investigation time.
On 8 May 1974, Pan American Airways ordered the installation of a new cockpit warning device designed to prevent crashes such as this April 22 incident. The entire fleet of 140 airplanes under Pan Am received the device. The apparatus was engineered and manufactured by Sundstrand Data Control, Inc. The ground proximity warning system provided additional indications, for example if a plane was heading for a mountain slope or if it was too low for a landing. This was an automatic supplement to more conventional altitude warning systems, already installed on most Pan Am aircraft.
In the aftermath of the crash, Pan Am stopped their Hong Kong to Sydney flights via Bali. A monument was erected by the Regent of Badung Regency Wayan Dana and Bali Governor Soekarmen, with the names of 107 victims inscribed on the monument.
See also
Invicta International Airlines Flight 435
Alitalia Flight 404
Trigana Air Flight 267
Santa Barbara Airlines Flight 518
Intercontinental de Aviación Flight 256
Turkish Airlines Flight 6491
Korean Air Flight 801
References
External links
"Pan American World Airways, Boeing 707-321C, accident at Tinga-Tinga, Bali, Indonesia, on 22 April 1974.." (Final accident report) (Archive) 20 March 1975 – released by the Ministry of Transport, Communications and Tourism, Indonesia. – Alternate link
"107 Feared Dead in Bali Air Crash." Toledo Blade. Tuesday April 23, 1974. Page 1. Google News (18 of 37).
"Jetliner crash on Bali claims 107 aboard." The Bryan Times. Tuesday April 23, 1974. Volume 26, No. 96. Page 1. Google News (1 of 9).
Account of U.S. diplomat at the scene., Association for Diplomatic Studies and Training (ADST)
, Associated Press
Aviation accidents and incidents in Indonesia
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1974
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 707
812
Transport in Bali
Denpasar
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by instrument failure
1974 in Indonesia
April 1974 events in Asia
The Princess and the Cabbie are a 1981 television movie aired on CBS on 3 November 1981 about a young woman who struggles with dyslexia.
The film stars Valerie Bertinelli as Joanna James, an heiress who is sheltered from the real world. One day she meets literary cab driver, Joe Holiday (Robert Desiderio), who references Shakespeare, T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, William Carlos Williams, Albert Einstein, Gustave Flaubert and Agatha Christie. Also starring is Shelley Long. After leaving her book in his cab, Holiday gets to know her and discovers Joanna's secret: she can't read, write, or even remember telephone numbers or directions home. Determining that she is dyslexic, Holiday begins to help her gain independence.
Awards
1982: Emmy Award: Outstanding Achievement in Music Composition for a Limited Series or a Special (Dramatic Underscore)
Nominated:
1982: Emmy Award: Outstanding Cinematography for a Limited Series or a Special
See also
List of artistic depictions of dyslexia
References
External links
TV: 'PRINCESS AND THE CABBIE,' A SICK POOR LITTLE RICH GIRL
1981 television films
1981 films
Dyslexia in fiction
CBS network films
1981 drama films
Films directed by Glenn Jordan
"Wish That You Were Here" is a song by the English indie rock band Florence and the Machine written by Florence Welch, Andrew Wyatt, and Emile Haynie. It was released on Island Records on 26 August 2016. The song was made available via digital download and is featured on the soundtrack of the film Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children, which was directed by Tim Burton. Welch — a longtime fan of Burton's work — had expressed interest in collaborating with him long before the recording of "Wish That You Were Here", as they shared similar artistic themes. Upon release, the composition was positively received by music critics and reached number 128 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background
On 2 July 2016, Florence and the Machine performed at the annual British Summer Time in Hyde Park, London, marking an end to the group's successful tour in support of their third studio album, How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful. Nonetheless, the group remained relatively active, contributing three songs, "Too Much Is Never Enough", "I Will Be", and a cover version of Ben E. King's "Stand by Me", to the Final Fantasy XV video game soundtrack. Florence and the Machine's recordings were compiled on the EP Songs from Final Fantasy XV on 12 August for digital download.
Keeping in their trend of soundtrack work, the band and film director Tim Burton collaborated in composing "Wish That You Were Here" for Burton's movie adaptation of Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. Welch had been a big-time fan of Burton's work and was interested in teaming up with him long before "Wish That You Were Here", calling Burton a "kindred spirit" who shared in her themes of dark romance and fantasy. To prepare to compose a song that complimented the film, Welch read the novel version of Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
The song was partly inspired while Florence and the Machine was in the midst of a busy touring schedule; Welch commented, "it [touring] comes at a cost — a cost of leaving the people you love behind for a year or two. You kind of feel like if you could sing a song into the wind, maybe the wind could take it to them in a way that you can't with a text or a call. You just want to send your love in a different way, in a way to somehow reach the unreachable". Music critic Rebecca Deczynski described "Wish That You Were Here"'s sound as a combination of everything that made the band successful, including "the same cathartic crash of percussion that made 'Shake It Out' an instant hit", and "the ethereal peals of harps found in 'Cosmic Love'".
Release
"Wish That You Were Here" was released on 26 August 2016 for digital download with a still image taken from Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. It is featured during the ending credits of the film, which debuted in theaters on 30 September. The song managed to reach number 128 on the UK Singles Chart. In his review for Rolling Stone magazine, Jon Blistein praised Welch for "singing wistfully over a distant keyboard and string plucks", also noting the "bombastic chorus that's as determined as it is heartbreaking". Critic Christine Costello regarded the collaboration between the group and Burton as one of the most interesting pairings of 2016, also stating "Welch's renowned, whimsical vocals and art-pop sound are a perfect backdrop for Burton's infamous scenes of twisting trees, gloomy palettes and underworld aesthetic often captured in his films".
Charts
References
2016 songs
Florence and the Machine songs
Songs written for films
Sypharochiton is a genus of chitons in the family Chitonidae.
Species
Sypharochiton aorangi (Creese & O'Neill, 1987)
Sypharochiton pelliserpentis (Quoy and Gaimard, 1835)
Sypharochiton sinclairi (Gray, 1843)
Sypharochiton themeropis Iredale, 1914
Sypharochiton torri (Suter, 1907)
References
Powell A W B, New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Chitonidae
Chiton genera
The Violin Concerto is a composition for solo violin and orchestra by the American composer Joan Tower. It was commissioned by the Barlow Endowment for Music Composition and the Snowbird Institute. The piece was first performed by the violinist Elmar Oliveira and the Utah Symphony under the conductor Joseph Silverstein on April 24, 1992, in Salt Lake City, Utah. It is dedicated to the violinist Elmar Oliveira. The composition was a finalist for the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for Music.
Composition
The Violin Concerto has a duration of roughly 19 minutes and is composed in one continuous movement. Tower described the composition in the score program notes, writing:
Instrumentation
The work is scored for solo violin and an orchestra comprising two flutes, two oboes, two clarinets, two bassoons, two horns, two trumpets, trombone, timpani, two percussionists, and strings.
Reception
The music critic Leslie Wright called the piece "well constructed and colorfully orchestrated." He added, "I found the concerto convincing overall, though the violin's fast, repetitive solos became a bit tiresome after a while."
References
Concertos by Joan Tower
1991 compositions
Tower
The list of ship launches in 1878 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1878.
References
1878
Ship launches
Sabre River is a 1984 adventure module for the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. Its associated product code is CM3.
Plot summary
Sabre River is an adventure in which the player characters must go to the Tower of Terror where they explore a dungeon setting located inside an active volcano, and take a journey on an underground river.
A mysterious curse has hit a barony in the realm of Norwold: The waters of the Sabre River have been tainted, bringing death or evilness to all who drink from them. The player characters are charged to seek out the source of this curse, in the company of Cutter, a young boy who is strangely immune to the effects of the curse. In fact, Cutter plays a more vital role in the restoring of Sabre River than one would expect.
Publication history
CM3 Sabre River was written by Douglas Niles and Bruce Nesmith, with a cover by Keith Parkinson, and was published by TSR in 1984 as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder.
Reception
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
References
External links
Sabre River entry from Pen-paper.net
The "CM" modules from The Acaeum
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Mystara
Pe Thet Khin () was the Minister for Health of Myanmar (Burma), and a practicing paediatrician. He previously served as Professor of Child Health in University of Medicine, Mandalay. Later he served as the rector of the University of Medicine-1, Yangon. In 2011, he became the Minister of Health in Thein Sein's government. But he resigned on 29 July 2014.
Publications
Bringing Health Research to the Renewed U.S.-Myanmar Relationship, June 2012, Science & Diplomacy
References
Burmese paediatricians
University of Medicine 1, Yangon alumni
Health ministers of Myanmar
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Wisdom of Crocodiles (also released as Immortality) is a 1998 British romantic thriller film directed by Po-Chih Leong and starring Jude Law. It is based on the book of the same name by Paul Hoffman.
Plot
Cast
Jude Law as Steven Grlscz
Grlscz's Women
Elina Löwensohn as Anne Levels
Kerry Fox as Maria Vaughan
Police
Timothy Spall as Inspector Healey
Jack Davenport as Sergeant Roche
Gang
Ashley Artus as Gang Leader
Tom Wu as Gang Member
Hon Ping Tang as Gang Member
Antony Cotton as Gang Member
Richard Mylan as Gang Member
Carlton Headley as Gang Member
Neran Persaud as Gang Member
Supporting Cast
Julia Davies as Girl In Operating Theatre
Carlton Jarvis as Physician (uncredited)
Colin Salmon as Martin
Hitler Wong as "Noodles" Chan
Stuart Bowman as Car Crash Mechanic
C.J. December as Car Crash Mechanic
Anastasia Hille as Karen
Nicholas Lamont (as Nick Lamont) as Toll Bridge Attendant
Joseph O'Conor as Mr. Nancarrow
Rupert Farley as Priest
Diane Howse as Mrs. Healey
Cliff Parisi as Labourer
Vincent Keane as Injured Workman
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes gave it a total score of 47% and Metacritic gave it 58/100.
Richard Corliss of Time liked the film, claiming "... this cool, handsome thriller proceeds with an elliptical elegance." Others, however, have not been as kind, as Elvis Mitchell's review in The New York Times reveals.
Paul Tatara of CNN favorably reviewed the film, describing it as "stylish but anemic".
The film won the 1999 Grand Prize of European Fantasy Film in Silver at the Brussels International Festival of Fantasy Film.
See also
Vampire film
References
External links
1998 films
1990s English-language films
1990s romantic drama films
1990s psychological thriller films
British vampire films
Films set in London
British drama films
1998 drama films
1990s British films
The Austin Film Critics Association (AFCA) is an organization of professional film critics from Austin, Texas.
Each year, the AFCA votes on their end-of-year awards for films released in the same calendar year. A special award, the Austin Film Award, is given each year to the best film made in Austin or by an Austin-area director.
History
The Austin Film Critics Association was founded in 2005 by local film critics Cole Dabney and Robert "Bobby" McCurdy while attending Bowie High School in Austin. The organization grew in its first eight years, expanding from three members in 2005 to 25 members in 2013.
On January 12, 2007, after only one year in existence, Entertainment Weekly called the AFCA "wildly contrarian" for naming Elliot Page Best Actress for her role in Hard Candy over Helen Mirren for her performance in The Queen, as Mirren had swept the category so far during the award season.
The association chose to name the group's Breakthrough Artist Award to honor Robert "Bobby" McCurdy starting in 2010. McCurdy died on December 19, 2010, while training to become a Naval Aviator.
Categories
Best Film
Best Director
Best Actor
Best Actress
Best Supporting Actor
Best Supporting Actress
Best Original Screenplay
Best Adapted Screenplay
Best Film Editing
Best Ensemble
Best Animated Film
Best Foreign Language Film
Best First Film
Best Documentary
Best Cinematography
Best Score
Best Stunts
Best Motion Capture/Special Effects Performance
The Robert R. "Bobby" McCurdy Memorial Breakthrough Artist Award
Austin Film Award
Special Honorary Award
Ceremonies
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Winners
† = Winner of the Academy Award
Best Picture
Best Director
Best Actor
Best Actress
Best Supporting Actor
Best Supporting Actress
Multiple award winners
Films
5 awards:
There Will Be Blood (2007): Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Cinematography, Best Original Score
The Dark Knight (2008): Best Film, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, Best Original Score, Best Adapted Screenplay
Black Swan (2010): Best Film, Best Director, Best Actress, Best Original Screenplay, Best Cinematography
If Beale Street Could Talk (2018): Best Film, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Supporting Actor, Breakthrough Artist Award
The Power of the Dog (2021): Best Film, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Original Score
4 awards:
Juno (2007): Best Actress, Best Supporting Actress, Best Original Screenplay, Breakthrough Artist Award
Take Shelter (2011): Best Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Austin Film Award, Breakthrough Artist Award*
Boyhood (2014): Best Film, Best Director, Best Supporting Actress, Austin Film Award
Moonlight (2016): Best Film, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, Best Original Screenplay
Parasite (2019): Best Film, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best Foreign Language Film
3 awards
The Hurt Locker (2009): Best Film, Best Director, Best Cinematography
Inglourious Basterds (2009): Best Actress, Best Supporting Actor, Best Original Screenplay
The Master (2012): Best Director, Best Actor, Best Cinematography
12 Years a Slave (2013): Best Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Adapted Screenplay
Her (2013): Best Film, Best Original Screenplay, Best Original Score
Nightcrawler (2014): Best Actor, Best Original Screenplay, Best First Film
Room (2015): Best Actress, Best Adapted Screenplay, Breakthrough Artist Award
Tower (2016): Best Documentary, Austin Film Award, Breakthrough Artist Award
Get Out (2017): Best Film, Best Original Screenplay, Best First Film
Call Me by Your Name (2017): Best Actor, Best Adapted Screenplay, Breakthrough Artist Award
Pig (2021): Best Actor, Best Original Screenplay, Best First Film
Producers, directors, and cinematographers
6 awards
Barry Jenkins
Best Film
2016 – Moonlight
2018 – If Beale Street Could Talk
Best Director
2016 – Moonlight
2018 – If Beale Street Could Talk
Best Adapted Screenplay
2018 – If Beale Street Could Talk
Best Original Screenplay
2016 – Moonlight
Richard Linklater
Best Film
2014 – Boyhood
Best Director
2014 – Boyhood
Best Austin Film
2006 – A Scanner Darkly
2009 – Me and Orson Welles
2012 – Bernie
2014 – Boyhood
4 awards
Alfonso Cuarón
Best Director
2006 – Children of Men
2013 – Gravity
Best Adapted Screenplay
2006 – Children of Men
Best Cinematography
2018 – Roma
Bong Joon-ho
Best Film
2019 - Parasite
Best Director
2019 - Parasite
Best Original Screenplay
2019 - Parasite
Best Foreign Language Film
2019 - Parasite
Emmanuel Lubezki
Best Cinematography
2006 – Babel
2011 – The Tree of Life
2013 – Gravity
2014 – Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)
Keith Maitland
Best Documentary
2016 – Tower
Bobby McCurdy Memorial Breakthrough Artist Award
2016 – Tower
Austin Film Award
2016 – Tower
Special Honorary Award
2016 – Tower
3 awards
Paul Thomas Anderson
Best Film
2007 – There Will Be Blood
Best Director
2007 – There Will Be Blood
2012 – The Master
Kathryn Bigelow
Best Film
2009 – The Hurt Locker
2012 – Zero Dark Thirty
Best Director
2009 – The Hurt Locker
Guillermo del Toro
Best Director
2017 – The Shape of Water
Best Original Screenplay
2006 – Pan's Labyrinth
Best Foreign Film
2006 – Pan's Labyrinth
Jordan Peele
Best Film
2017 – Get Out
Best Original Screenplay
2017 – Get Out
Best First Film
2017 – Get Out
Robert Rodriguez
Best Austin Film
2005 – Sin City
2007 – Grindhouse (Shared with Quentin Tarantino)
Best Animated Film
2005 – Sin City
2 awards
Mark Boal
Best Film
2009 – The Hurt Locker
2012 – Zero Dark Thirty
Megan Ellison
Best Film
2012 – Zero Dark Thirty
2013 – Her
Paul Haggis
Best Film
2005 – Crash
Best Director
2005 – Crash
Rian Johnson
Best First Film
2006 – Brick
Best Original Screenplay
2012 – Looper
Quentin Tarantino
Best Original Screenplay
2009 – Inglourious Basterds
Best Austin Film
2007 – Grindhouse (Shared with Robert Rodriguez)
Actors
3 awards
Brie Larson
Best Actress
2013 – Short Term 12
2015 – Room
Bobby McCurdy Breakthrough Artist Award
2013 – Short Term 12
2 awards
Timothée Chalamet
Best Actor
2017 – Call Me by Your Name
Bobby McCurdy Breakthrough Artist Award
2017 – for his work in Call Me By your Name, and Lady Bird
Jessica Chastain
Best Supporting Actress
2011 – Take Shelter
Bobby McCurdy Breakthrough Artist Award
2011 – for her work in The Debt, The Help, Take Shelter, and The Tree of Life
Colin Firth
Best Actor
2009 – A Single Man
2010 – The King's Speech
Anne Hathaway
Best Actress
2008 – Rachel Getting Married
Best Supporting Actress
2017 – Les Misérables
Allison Janney
Best Supporting Actress
2007 – Juno
2017 – I, Tonya
Elliot Page
Best Actress
2006 – Hard Candy
2007 – Juno
Christoph Waltz
Best Supporting Actor
2008 – Inglourious Basterds
2012 – Django Unchained
Top 10 Films of the Decade (2000s)
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004)
There Will Be Blood (2007)
The Lord of the Rings (2001–2003)
The Dark Knight (2008)
Requiem for a Dream (2000)
Kill Bill (2003/4)
No Country for Old Men (2007)
The Incredibles (2004)
Children of Men (2006)
Memento (2000) / The Departed (2006) (TIE)
Top 10 Films of the Decade (2010s)
Mad Max Fury Road (2015)
Moonlight (2016)
The Social Network (2010)
Get Out (2017)
Arrival (2016)
The Handmaiden (2016)
Parasite (2019)
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood (2019)
Boyhood (2014)
Phantom Thread (2017)
Notes
A: Elliot Page won before his gender transition in 2020.
References
External links
Official 'Austin Film Critics Association website
American film critics associations
Cinema of Texas
Culture of Austin, Texas
Mass media in Austin, Texas
Organizations based in Austin, Texas
Organizations established in 2005
2005 establishments in Texas
Catur Pamungkas (born July 19, 1989) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
Martapura
He was signed for Martapura to play in Liga 2 in the 2020 season.
References
External links
Catur Pamungkas at Liga Indonesia
Catur Pamungkas at Soccerway
1989 births
Association football midfielders
Living people
Indonesian footballers
Indonesian Premier Division players
Persekam Metro players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Arema F.C. players
Liga 2 (Indonesia) players
People from Malang
Sportspeople from East Java
The Palazzo Bocchi is a Renaissance style palace located on Via Goito 16 in central Bologna, region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
History
This building was commissioned by the writer Achille Bocchi in 1546 using designs from Jacopo Barozzi da Vignola, and was where he founded his Hermatena Academy. The name of the academy derives from Hermes, god of eloquence, and Athena, goddess of wisdom. The interior was frescoed by Prospero Fontana.
Two original inscriptions run along the rusticated base of the facade: one in Hebrew reproduces a verse from psalm 120 in Jewish characters and reads: "Deliver me from the liars, God! They smile so sweetly but lie through their teeth." The other in Latin and is taken from the Epistle 1 by Horace and reads: "Rex eris, aiunt, si recte facies" ("do well, thou shalt be crowned").
References
Bocchi
Renaissance architecture in Bologna
The 1958–59 season was FC Steaua București's 11th season since its founding in 1947.
Divizia A
League table
Results
Source:
Cupa României
Results
See also
1958–59 Cupa României
1958–59 Divizia A
Notes and references
External links
1958–59 FC Steaua București Divizia A match
FC Steaua București seasons
1958–59 in Romanian football
Steaua, București
Steaua
Archbishop Curley-Notre Dame High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in the Buena Vista neighborhood of Miami, Florida, United States. It was located in and operated by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami.
On September 27, 2016, the Archdiocese of Miami announced that, due to continued dwindling enrollment, the school would close in August 2017. The school was merged with Monsignor Edward Pace High School, in Miami Gardens, at the start of the 2017–2018 academic year.
History
In 1953, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Augustine (which, on October 7, 1958, became the Roman Catholic Diocese of Miami, under Bishop Joseph Patrick Hurley) created two new Catholic high schools. Archbishop Curley High School (for boys) and Notre Dame Academy (for girls), were founded in 1953, in Miami, Florida. Archbishop Curley High School was initially administered by diocesan priests from 1953 to 1959, followed by the Congregation of the Brothers of the Holy Cross from 1960 to 1970, and again by diocesan priests from 1970 until 1985. Notre Dame Academy was originally administered by the Sisters of Saint Joseph of Saint Augustine from 1953 to 1959. From 1960 to 1981 the Sisters, Servants of the Immaculate Heart of Mary administered Notre Dame Academy.
The two schools merged in 1981 onto the Archbishop Curley High School campus to form coeducational Archbishop Curley-Notre Dame High School. From 1985 the school was administered by the Congregation of Christian Brothers.
At the start of the 1960–61 school year, five black students left all-black Holy Redeemer, encouraged to do so by nuns. Three male students enrolled at Archbishop Curley, and two female students enrolled at Notre Dame. #JusticeforCurley
Activities
Anime Club
Art Club
Band/Orchestra - Troubadours
Book Club
Campus Ministry
Chess Team
Choir - Knightingales Concert & Show Choir
Cooking Club
Ecology Club
Edmund Rice Community
English Honor Society
Gamer Association
Knightly News - Morning Announcements
Knights for Life
Ladies of Distinction
Men of Honor
Mock Trial
Movie Critic Club
National Honor Society
Newspaper - Knight Times
Soldiers' Angels/Support Our Troops
Spanish Honor Society
Speech and Debate
Student Government
Yearbook
Athletics
Sports by season:
Fall
Cheer Leading
Cross Country (coed)
Football
Volleyball
Golf
Winter
Basketball (boys)
Basketball (girls)
Cheer Leading
Soccer (boys)
Soccer (girls)
Wrestling
Spring
Baseball
Softball
Tennis (boys)
Tennis (girls)
Track & Field (coed)
Notable alumni
Bobby Allison - former NASCAR driver
Cecilia Altonaga - United States District Court Judge
Fran Curci - former head football coach of the University of Miami and the University of Kentucky
Charley Diamond - American Football League player
Bill Frohbose - former NFL player
Jorge Gonzales - CEO and President of City National Bank of Florida
Dudley Hart - professional golfer
Mark Hurd - Co-CEO Oracle; former Chairman, CEO and President of Hewlett Packard
Carroll Williams - American player of gridiron football; teacher and principal in Dade County Public School District
Betty Wright - Grammy winning Miami-based soul and R&B singer-songwriter
Notes and references
Further reading
https://www.asumag.com/facilities-management/business-finance/article/20853419/2-catholic-high-schools-in-miami-area-will-merge
External links
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Schools in Miami
Educational institutions established in 1953
Educational institutions established in 1981
Congregation of Christian Brothers secondary schools
Private high schools in Miami-Dade County, Florida
Private middle schools in Miami-Dade County, Florida
1953 establishments in Florida
Phillips v Brooks Ltd [1919] 2 KB 243 is an English contract law case concerning mistake. It held that a person is deemed to contract with the person in front of them unless they can substantially prove that they instead intended to deal with someone else (see also Shogun Finance Ltd v Hudson).
Facts
On 15 April 1918, a man named North entered Phillips' jewellery shop and said, "I am Sir George Bullough". He wrote a dud cheque for £3000 to pay for some pearls and a ring. He said he lived in St. James's Square. Mr Phillips checked the phone directory and found there was someone there by that name. Mr Phillips asked if he would like to take the jewellery with him and Mr North said he would leave the pearls but take the ring 'for his wife's birthday tomorrow'. Mr North then pawned the ring to Brooks Ltd for £350. When the false cheque was dishonoured, Phillips sued Brooks Ltd to get the ring back.
Note that there are conflicting reports showing that Mr North identified himself after the ring was sold, as Viscount Haldane said in Lake v Simmons, but others say that North identified himself straight away.
Judgment
The earlier judgement of Cundy v Lindsay had established that contracts could be automatically void for mistake to identity. Where this is the case, title does not pass to the fraudulent buyer, and the third party loses out in the entirety. This principle is different where parties contract face to face; Horridge J stated:
This outcome can be explained by putting it as such: Mr Phillips hoped he was contracting with Sir George Bullough, but in reality he agreed to contract with whoever came into his shop, taking a risk that he was not who he said he was. It had the mere effect of making the contract voidable for fraud, meaning that title passed to the rogue and subsequently to the third party buyer:
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation
Mistake in English contract law
Nemo dat quod non habet
Cundy v Lindsay
Shogun Finance Ltd v Hudson
References
English mistake case law
English misrepresentation case law
High Court of Justice cases
1919 in case law
1919 in British law
Obermeitingen is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Landsberg (district)
Robin-chat is a name given to a number of bird species:
Cossypha
Cossyphicula, also named the White-bellied robin-chat
Birds by common name
The State Threads library is a small application library which provides a foundation for writing fast and highly scalable Internet applications (such as web servers, proxy servers, mail transfer agents, or any network-data-driven application) on Unix-like platforms.
This library combines the simplicity of the multithreaded programming paradigm, in which one thread supports each simultaneous connection, with the performance and scalability of an event-driven state machine architecture. In other words, this library offers a threading API for structuring an Internet application as a state machine.
The State Threads library is a derivative of the Netscape Portable Runtime library (NSPR) and therefore is distributed under the Mozilla Public License (MPL) version 1.1 or the GNU General Public License (GPL) version 2 or later.
External links
State Threads library web page
Online documentation
State Threads library FAQ
Free computer libraries
Marie Dargan is a camogie player, Young Player of the Year award winner in 2006 and member of the Kilkenny team for the 2010 National League final.
References
Living people
Kilkenny camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Waterford IT camogie players
Asociación Deportiva El Tránsito, commonly known just as ADET, is a professional soccer club located in La Libertad.
ADET ownership had reportedly experienced thousands dollars in operating losses since 2000, according to players and the team presidents the club had gone two years without corporate sponsorships and the municipality of Libertad withdrew its support. In the final game of the season against FAS they played in front 146 supporters and lost almost 13,000 dollars. For the Clausura 2002, the club decided to sell its spot in the Salvadoran Premier Division to newly formed club San Salvador F.C.
Home stadium
Notable players
Foreign players
Players with senior international caps:
Francisco "Chico" Contreras
Miguel Montes
Juan Carlos Panameño
Edward Cocherari
Team captains
Head coaches
Raúl Corcio Zavaleta
Jorge Alberto Cruz (1990–1991)
Pedro Tobías (1996)
Juan Quartarone (1999–2000)
References
Defunct football clubs in El Salvador
Association football clubs established in 1974
Association football clubs disestablished in 2001
1974 establishments in El Salvador
2001 disestablishments in El Salvador
Channel 4's Comedy Gala of 2011 is a British comedy benefit show organised by Channel 4. It is the second Channel 4 Comedy Gala, an annual charity event held O2 Arena in London in aid of the Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital. It was filmed live on 24 May 2011, then broadcast on Channel 4 on 10 June 2011. The first Comedy Gala was held 30 March 2010 and broadcast on 5 April 2010. Billed by Channel 4 as "the biggest live stand up show in UK history", it featured seventeen comedians performing stand-up, as well as a number of others performing live and pre-recorded sketches. The first gala raised money for a new anaesthetic room, while the second aims to raise money for a new operating theatre.
Beneficiary
As with the 2010 gala, the 2011 performance was in aid of the Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital. The 2011 proceeds were to go towards funding a new 24-hour operating theatre, costing £5 million. The new theatre would reduce waiting times at the hospital for the children treated from across the UK with life-saving heart, brain and spinal surgery. As with the 2010 show, the performers were to give their time for free for the gala.
History
On 10 March 2011, Michael McIntyre and John Bishop visited a cardiac ward of the hospital with the Daily Mirror, who announced a second comedy gala at the O2 in aid of the hospital was to be held on 24 May 2011. To be filmed and broadcast on Channel 4 at a later date, tickets were due to go on sale the next day, at 9am. Channel 4 confirmed this with an announcement on its Comedy Gala website the next day. While tickets went on general sale that day at 9am, a pre-sale begun at 9am the day before.
As with the 2010 gala, the 2011 show was commissioned by the Channel 4 commissioning editor Syeda Irtizaali, the promoter was Off the Kerb Productions and it was to be filmed by Open Mike Productions.
The gig at the O2 was to open at 6.30pm.
Participants
When the second gala was announced, the confirmed line-up included the following performers:
Alan Carr
Andi Osho
Chris Moyles
Dara Ó Briain
Jack Dee
Jack Whitehall
Jo Brand
John Bishop
Jon Richardson
Jonathan Ross
Kevin Bridges
Lee Evans
Mark Watson
Michael McIntyre
Micky Flanagan
Paul Kaye
Rhod Gilbert
Rich Hall
Sarah Millican
Sean Lock
Shappi Khorsandi
Promoters Off the Kerb also listed the following acts:
Jason Byrne
Jason Manford
Noel Fielding
N-Dubz
Video Appearances listed by the following:
Russell Brand
Lady Gaga
DVD
As with the 2010 show, the filming of the 2011 was to have a DVD release by Universal Pictures.
See also
2011 in British television
List of stand-up comedians
References
External links
Channel 4's Comedy Gala microsite
Channel 4's Comedy Gala programme guide
Great Ormond Street Hospital
Off the Kerb Productions
2011 in British television
Channel 4 comedy
Health-related fundraisers
Great Ormond Street Hospital
Stand-up comedy concert films
Stand-up comedy on DVD
2011 in London
Anonimo Veneziano () is a 1970 Italian drama film written and directed by the famous Italian actor Enrico Maria Salerno in his debut as a film director. It starred American actor Tony Musante and Brazilian actress Florinda Bolkan.
The film is especially notable for its romantic musical score, composed by Stelvio Cipriani. In the movie's musical score there is also an Adagio, erroneously attributed to the Baroque Venetian composer Benedetto Marcello (31 July or 1 August 1686 – 24 July 1739). In reality, the author of the D concerto for oboe and orchestra was his older brother Alessandro (1 February 1673 – 19 June 1747). In 1970, Frida Boccara recorded the song "Venise Va Mourir", the main theme of the film (French version, lyrics by Eddy Marnay), later performing it at the Cannes Film Festival. Tony Renis recorded it as "Anonimo veneziano" (English and Italian versions, 1970) and "Venise Va Mourir" (1971, French version). Singers Sergio Denis (1971), Fred Bongusto (1971), Ornella Vanoni (1971), and Nana Mouskouri (as "To Be the One You Love", 1973), also performed the piece.
Plot
A Venetian musician is affected by an incurable disease. He arranges to meet his wife, who is now living with another man in another city, but does not tell her about his condition. They walk through the streets and channels of Venice. They remember the happy times when they lived together, she is in blissful ignorance of his terminal illness. He has to play a classic concert piece, recently discovered, but with no known composer, the 'Anonymous Venetian', in a recording studio. She finally realizes that she is still in love with him.
Awards
David di Donatello: Best Actress (Florinda Bolkan), Special David to Enrico Maria Salerno.
Nastro d'Argento: Best Cinematography in Color (Marcello Gatti), Best Score (Stelvio Cipriani).
References
External links
Soundtrack Collector information
1970 films
1970 romantic drama films
Italian romantic drama films
1970s Italian-language films
Films directed by Enrico Maria Salerno
Films scored by Stelvio Cipriani
Films set in Venice
Films about diseases
1970s Italian films
Launch Rock () is a submerged rock lying southwest of the Glover Rocks, off the south end of Adelaide Island, Antarctica. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee to commemorate the unnamed launch from RRS John Biscoe that was used by the Hydrographic Survey Unit which charted this area in 1963.
References
Rock formations of Adelaide Island
John Frederick Ovenden (17 August 1942 – 17 July 2018) was a British Labour Party politician.
Born in Kent, Ovenden was educated at the Chatham House Grammar School in Ramsgate. From 1961 until 1974, he worked as an engineer with the Post Office. He joined the Labour Party, and served on Gillingham Council from 1966 to 1969, and again from 1972 to 1974.
Having fought Sevenoaks in 1970, Ovenden served as Member of Parliament for the marginal seat of Gravesend from 1974 to 1979, when he lost to the Conservative Timothy Brinton. He was Leader of the Labour Group and co-Leader of Kent County Council (in a Labour /Lib Dem Alliance) from 1993 to 1997- the only period of non-Conservative control in the Council's history.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
External links
1942 births
2018 deaths
People educated at Chatham House Grammar School
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Members of Kent County Council
The 2004 IIHF World Championship Final was an ice hockey match that took place on May 9, 2004 in Prague, Czech Republic, to determine the winner of the 2004 IIHF World Championship. Canada defeated Sweden to win its 23rd championship.
Details
See also
2004 IIHF World Championship
Canada men's national ice hockey team
Sweden men's national ice hockey team
References
Official IIHF game report
Game report on hockeyarchives.info
Sweden men's national ice hockey team games
2003
W
w
IIHF World Championship Finals
Final
Sports competitions in Prague
IIHF World Championship Final
Aden Marwa Range (born 31 January 1977) is a football referee from Kenya.
Career
Marwa has served as a FIFA referee since 2011. He is the first Kenyan football official to be involved in any FIFA competition, having featured in the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup. He was named as an assistant referee in the 2012 and 2013 Africa Cup of Nations. Marwa was named as a reserve official at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and an assistant referee at the 2016 FIFA Club World Cup. He was included as CAF's assistant referee in the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup, where he served alongside Bakary Gassama, Jean-Claude Birumushahu and Malang Diedhiou.
2018 FIFA World Cup removal
Marwa was due to officiate at the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia, but a week before the tournament was due to start, the BBC released an investigation conducted by a Ghanaian journalist which implicated Marwa in a bribery scandal. He was filmed receiving $600 US dollars before a previous game. He subsequently withdrew from the World Cup.
References
Living people
Kenyan football referees
1977 births
Surcuolm is a village in the municipality of Mundaun in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 2009 Surcuolm merged with Flond to form the municipality of Mundaun.
History
Surcuolm is first mentioned in the 18th Century as Neukirch which was the official name until 1943.
Geography
Surcuolm has an area, , of . Of this area, 67.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 21.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 3.7% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (7.5%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The village is located in the Lugnez sub-district of the Surselva district. It is located on the Obersaxen plateau and originally consisted of scattered farm houses and hamlets with a small central village. The village was mostly Romansh speaking and Roman Catholic, the later in contrast to the neighboring villages of Flond and Luven. Until 1943 Surcuolm was known as Neukirch bei Ilanz.
Demographics
Surcuolm has a population () of 108, of which 3.7% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -26.4%. Most of the population () speaks German (55.4%), with Romansh being second most common (44.6%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.5% male and 49.5% female. The age distribution, , in Surcuolm is; 16 children or 12.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 19 teenagers or 14.6% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 16 people or 12.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 15 people or 11.5% are between 30 and 39, 28 people or 21.5% are between 40 and 49, and 12 people or 9.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 7 people or 5.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 9 people or 6.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 8 people or 6.2% who are between 80 and 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 63.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (23.4%), the FDP (7.8%) and the SP (5.4%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Surcuolm about 65.6% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Surcuolm has an unemployment rate of 0.49%. , there were 14 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 6 businesses involved in this sector. 1 person is employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 47 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 13 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Official website
Obersaxen Mundaun
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Disney Interactive Studios, Inc. was an American video game developer and publisher owned by The Walt Disney Company through Disney Interactive. Prior to its closure in 2016, it developed and distributed multi-platform video games and interactive entertainment worldwide.
Most of the games released by Disney Interactive Studios were typically tie-in products to existing character franchises. On May 10, 2016, as a result of the discontinuation of its Disney Infinity series, Disney shut down Disney Interactive Studios, and exited the first-party home console game development business in order to focus on third-party development of home console video games through other developers such as Electronic Arts (Star Wars games), WB Games (owned by rival company Warner Bros., which handles the publishing of Disney-related Lego video games and Cars 3: Driven to Win), Bandai Namco Entertainment (Disney Tsum Tsum Festival), Square Enix (Kingdom Hearts), and Capcom (several Disney games, Willow games and Marvel vs. Capcom). However, it continues to release games for iOS and Android devices under its own label, Disney Mobile.
History
1988–1994: Walt Disney Computer Software
Disney established its own in house gaming unit, Walt Disney Computer Software, Inc. (WDCS), and it was incorporated on September 15, 1988. WDCS generally used third-party development studios to design spin-off games using its existing portfolio of characters. WDCS had little success attributed by senior Disney executives due to low product quality and lack of understanding the differences between film and games.
The few market successes were third-party-published games based on major Disney animated features like Aladdin and The Lion King in 1993 and 1994 respectively. This led to a move from self-developed and self-published to funding and development management of games with third parties published the game.
1994–2002: Disney Interactive
Using the film studio style formula, WDCS was reorganized into Disney Interactive, Inc. (DI) on December 5, 1994 with the merging of WDCS and Walt Disney Television and Telecommunications. On April 15, 1997, DI reduced its staff by 20% ending in-house video game production. This increased the requests for licensing from third-party games companies. Under this plan, development and production cost risks were transferred to the game companies but reduced the per-unit revenue generated to Disney and effectively yielded a near 100 percent margin of licensed game sales. A thirteen-game agreement was made between Nintendo of America and Disney Interactive in 1999 for both the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color.
In May 2001, the company signed a deal with Sony Computer Entertainment to allow the latter to publish titles based on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, Monsters, Inc., Treasure Planet, Lilo and Stitch, and Peter Pan: Return to Never Land on the PlayStation and PlayStation 2.
In European territories, Infogrames formerly distributed several of Disney Interactive's PC titles., however, this agreement was later replaced with several separate distribution deals, including JoWooD Productions in Germany.
2003–2007: Buena Vista Games
Buena Vista Games, Inc. (BVG) was spun out of Disney Interactive in 2003 after a 2002 strategic review that chose to return to being a dedicated games publisher. With DI focused on children's games, BVG took on all other content game including mobile and online mediums. Buena Vista Games is probably best known for the Kingdom Hearts series along with Japanese developer Square Enix.
In April 2005, BVG purchased Avalanche Software in Salt Lake City, Utah and started a Vancouver, British Columbia based game development studio, Propaganda Games.
In September 2006, Buena Vista acquired Climax Racing. BVG formed a new game studio, Fall Line Studios, in November 2006 to create Disney and new game titles for the Nintendo DS and the Wii console.
2007–2014: Disney Interactive Studios
On February 8, 2007, The Walt Disney Company renamed Buena Vista Games to Disney Interactive Studios as part of a larger company initiative to phase out the Buena Vista brand that year. The studio publishes both Disney and non-Disney branded video games for all platforms worldwide, with titles that feature its consumer brands including Disney, ABC, ESPN, and Touchstone (which is used as a label for Disney). In July 2007, the studio acquired Junction Point Studios.
On June 5, 2008, Disney Interactive Studios and the Walt Disney Internet Group, merged into a single business unit now known as the Disney Interactive Media Group, and it merged its subsidiary Fall Line Studios with its sister studio, Avalanche Software, in January 2009. In February 2009, Disney Interactive acquired GameStar, a Chinese game development company. On September 8, 2009, Disney Interactive announced that it had acquired Wideload Games.
In November 2010, the executive Graham Hopper left the company. He announced his departure via an internal e-mail saying "the time has come for me to move on from the company and set my sights on new horizons."
DIS in October 2012 announced "Toy Box", a cross platform gaming initiative where Pixar and Disney characters will interact from a console game to multiple mobile and online applications. The first Toy Box cross platform game is Disney Infinity based on the Toy Story 3 game's Toy Box mode crossed with a toy line.
After the purchase of Lucasfilm by The Walt Disney Company in 2012, Disney Interactive assumed the role of developing Star Wars games for the casual gaming market, while Electronic Arts would develop Star Wars games for the core gaming market through an exclusive license (although LucasArts did retain the ability to license Star Wars games to other developers for the casual gaming market).
At E3 2013, Disney and Square Enix released a teaser trailer for Kingdom Hearts III, after going seven years of not declaring any console Kingdom Hearts game since Kingdom Hearts II. The game would release nearly six years later in January 2019.
Disney Interactive Studios has lost more than $200 million per year from 2008–2012 during a period in which it shut down Propaganda Games, Black Rock Studio and Junction Point Studios and its co-president John Pleasants stepped down in November 2013 after the launch of Disney Infinity.
2014–2016: Decline and dissolution
On March 6, 2014, 700 employees were laid off. After the cancellation of Disney Infinity, Disney Interactive Studios closed in 2016.
List of games
The company also publishes games from Q Entertainment worldwide except Asia: Lumines II, the sequel to the puzzle game for the PSP system; Lumines Plus, a new version of Lumines for the PlayStation 2; Every Extend Extra, a puzzle shooter; and a Disney Interactive Studios's Meteos: Disney Edition, the popular Meteos game for the Nintendo DS with Disney characters.
The company revealed a lineup of games at E3 2006, which include DIE's Turok, a re-imagining of the video game series of the same name and Desperate Housewives: The Game, based on the hit television show.
Disney Interactive Studios is credited in all entries to the Kingdom Hearts franchise, with the original release box art of each entry to the series having different logos and name of the company seeing as coincidentally, the company is re-branded in between the releases. Notably however, the company is not credited to actually developing the game.
Studios
Moved to Disney Interactive
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Playdom (later defunct)
Former/defunct
Avalanche Software, based in Salt Lake City, Utah. Acquired April 2005. Shut down May 2016. Later re-opened and sold to Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment in January 2017.
Black Rock Studio, acquired as Climax Racing in September 2006 and closed in July 2011.
Creature Feep, 2009–2015.
Fall Line Studios, 2006–2009, merged into Avalanche Software.
Junction Point Studios, based in Austin, Texas. Acquired July 2007. Shut down in January 2013.
Propaganda Games, 2005–2011.
Wideload Games, based in Chicago, Illinois. Acquired September 8, 2009. Shut down March 6, 2014.
Rocket Pack, 2010–2015.
Gamestar, based in China. Acquired February 2009, defunct.
References
1988 establishments in California
2016 disestablishments in California
Companies based in Glendale, California
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Defunct software companies of the United States
Defunct video game companies of the United States
Disney Interactive
Disney video games
Software companies based in California
Software companies disestablished in 2016
Software companies established in 1988
Technology companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Video game companies based in California
Video game companies disestablished in 2016
Video game companies established in 1988
Video game development companies
Video game publishers
Grace Garland (sometimes credited as Grace Garland Janisz) was a British film editor active from the 1940s through the 1980s.
Selected filmography
Bonnie Prince Charlie (1948)
Nightbeat (1947)
Beware of Pity (1946)
Don Chicago (1945)
Strawberry Roan (1944)
The Gay Intruders (1944)
The Shipbuilders (1943) (associate editor)
Let the People Sing (1942) (assistant editor)
The Common Touch (1941) (assistant editor)
References
External links
British women film editors
British film editors
Process Decision Program Chart (PDPC) is a technique designed to help prepare contingency plans. The emphasis of the PDPC is to identify the consequential impact of failure on activity plans, and create appropriate contingency plans to limit risks. Process diagrams and planning tree diagrams are extended by a couple of levels when the PDPC is applied to the bottom level tasks on those diagrams.
Methodology
From the bottom level of some activity box, the PDPC adds levels for:
identifying what can go wrong (failure mode or risks)
consequences of that failure (effect or consequence)
possible countermeasures (risk mitigation action plan)
Similar techniques
The PDPC is similar to the failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA) in that both identify risks, consequences of failure, and contingency actions. The FMEA adds prioritized risk levels through rating relative risk for each potential failure point.
Evaporating Cloud is a visually similar technique that is used for Conflict Management and Problem-Solving. It follows the flow of data, either horizontally or vertically, breaking Ideas into increments of change to be easy to follow.
References
Further reading
Charts
Disaster management tools
Failure
Reliability engineering
Risk analysis methodologies
Banbirpur also spelled as Banveer Pur is a village near Tikunia in Lakhimpur Kheri district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
History
In 2021, Lakhimpur Kheri violence occurred on the Tikonia-Banbirpur road near Banbirpur village in the Tikunia area. It was a vehicle-ramming attack and mob lynching incident during farmers' protest against the three farm laws passed by the BJP led Union Government. It happened on 3 October 2021 at Tikunia in Lakhimpur Kheri district, Uttar Pradesh, India resulting in deaths of eight people and injuries to 10 others. Four protesters and a journalist were run over by the car, three others were killed in the subsequent violence. Two First information reports (FIR) on the incident were filed in the Tikunia police station.
Demographics
Population
The town had a population of 5,578 in 2011. Male population of 2,952 and 2,626 females. There were 1101 households in the village.
Administration and politics
The village is part of the Nighasan (Assembly constituency). Shashank Verma of BJP is the MLA from the constituency since the 2019 bye polls.
Services
Tikunia police station serves the area.
Transport
Tikonia-Banbirpur road connects the village with Tikunia nagar panchayat.
References
Villages in Lakhimpur Kheri district
The Day of the Dinosaur is a science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, illustrated with plates. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1968, and in paperback by Curtis Books in 1970 or 1971. A second hardcover edition was issued by Bonanza Books in 1985. The first chapter was reprinted as "One Day in the Cretaceous" in the de Camps's collection Footprints on Sand (Advent, 1981).
Summary
As stated on the dust cover of the Doubleday edition, the work is a survey of "the exciting story of the lost world of the great reptiles and of the fossil hunters who discovered them millions of years later." It argues, among other things, that the theory of evolution took hold after Darwin because of interest spurred by recently popularized dinosaur remains, corresponding to legends of dragons.
Contents
The Day of the Dinosaur
The Finding of the Dragons
Out of the Sea
Life Invades the Land
The Rise of the Dinosaurs
The Reptilian Middle Age
Reptiles of Sea and Air
The Doom of the Dragons
The Great Fossil Feud
Diggers and Dinosaurs
The Heritage of the Dragons
Dinosaurs in the World of Today
Notes
Bibliography
Index
Reception
Publishers' Weekly called the book "clear, comprehensive, [and] well-researched," noting that it "begins as a vivid and scientifically sound depiction of the age of the giant dinosaurs [and] develops into an impressive tribute to the science of paleontology. Awesome and sometimes spine-chilling as some of the de Camps' descriptions are ... the human story of the first discovery of fossils and the realization of their implications communicates a drama of its own." Summing up, he noted that "[r]eaders who are for the first time being introduced to the wonders of paleontology will be engrossed."
Mary L. Blackwell, writing in Library Journal called it "an accurate and vivid description of the great creatures who roamed the earth more than 100 million years ago and also a fascinating account of the earth itself that makes the reality of its antiquity comprehensible." She felt the authors' "carefully organized, practical approach" resulted in "a book that will appeal not only to students of paleontology but to everyone interested in this remote world." She rated it "[r]ecommended for any public or school library."
In Natural History Isaac Asimov, noting that "few people ... can speak more charmingly and enlightenedly about scientific subjects than L. Sprague de Camp," felt "[t]he book reads ... like a pleasant and informal lecture, given at their ease, by a pair of enormously rational and urbane individuals" with which he found it "virtually impossible to find fault." He singled out the way the de Camps "make the dinosaurs come alive by picturing them in action" and the "most remarkable first chapter ... which ... is an evocation (the best I know) of a typical day in the Mesozoic." He felt that "[t]he book deals, satisfactorily, with the paleontologists and their discoveries, too, especially with the Cope-Marsh feud [and] with the effects on contemporary man of the great discoveries of paleontology; the impetus given to the search for giant living creatures--and to romancing about them--and the ferocious object lesson given on the subject of mass extinctions." He also notes that the de Camps point out "[w]e are in the midst of [another] great dying now, ... brought on by man himself."
The Booklist characterized the book as "[a]n informative, comprehensible, often lively survey of the Age of Reptiles and the careers of some of the scientists who found and studied dinosaur fossils." Science Books rated it "[a] very comprehensive book about Mesozoic reptiles, [with] [t]the text ... quite free of inaccuracies and... accompanied by many good illustrations," and "[t]he writing style [as] fluctuat[ing] between ... humorous whimsy and scientific exposition, which may limit its popularity." It called "[t]he section [on] the history of the early fossil hunters and development of the great natural history museums ... a real contribution, since this information is collected from many disparate sources."
Philip and Phylis Morrison, writing for Scientific American, found it "excellent and fresh, ... lively and intelligent," "a savory mixture of biology and history, ... cover[ing] a wide range of lore and logic, from genetics and the problem of extinction to the scaling of beasts." "Skeptical and yet imaginative," they wrote, "the text lives up to the De Camp reputation." They found the book's "final imaginary safari in the Jurassic ... logically planned: for the big flesh-eaters one had best carry a real elephant gun, the Continental .600 or perhaps the Holland & Holland double express .500."
Bruce Fleury, in a retrospective more than twenty years after the book's initial publication, noted that it "precede[d] the 'dinosaur renaissance' but remain[ed a] valuable and readable introduction to the subject" and "[l]ike De Camp's many other popular works on scientific topics, ... well written and ... highly recommended."
Notes
1968 books
Science books
Books by L. Sprague de Camp
Dinosaur books
Doubleday (publisher) books
Bradley Forbes-Cryans (born 25 March 1995) is a British slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2012.
He won three medals in the K1 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 2018, a silver in 2022 and a bronze in 2015. He also won a silver and a bronze medal in the K1 team event at the European Championships. He earned his best senior world championship result, of 4th, at the 2019 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in La Seu d'Urgell.
Bradley represented Great Britain in the K1 event at the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, finishing in 6th place.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
1995 births
Scottish male canoeists
Living people
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Huang Long (; born 13 January 1981) is a Chinese footballer.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1981 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football midfielders
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Shenzhen F.C. players
Zhejiang Professional F.C. players
Guangzhou City F.C. players
Peter Muir Doig (27 October 1911 – 31 October 1996) was a British Labour Party politician.
Doig was educated at Blackness School, Dundee, before taking evening classes. He later became a sales supervisor. He joined the Labour Party in 1930. During the Second World War he served in the Royal Air Force. He was elected a Dundee town councillor for ten years, serving as honorary town treasurer.
Doig contested Aberdeen South in 1959. He was Member of Parliament for Dundee West from a 1963 by-election to 1979, preceding Ernie Ross. On 22 September 1963, Doig was chosen ahead of five other people to be the Labour Party candidate in the by-election. At the time he was a bakery supervisor and chairman of the Labour group on Dundee Town Council. He was also deputy chairman of the council.
In 1966 Doig was recorded as a member of the Transport and General Workers Union and the Co-operative Society. He was married with two sons.
In the 1970s Doig was one of a small number of Labour MPs who supported the restoration of capital punishment, and was reported to favour a "hard line" approach towards crime. In 1979, when chairing the Scottish Standing Committee of MPs he used his casting vote to support a Conservative proposal to give police in Scotland wider powers to search for offensive weapons.
References
Sources
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
1911 births
1996 deaths
Scottish Labour MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
Scottish Labour councillors
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Dundee constituencies
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Councillors in Dundee
Song Seung-ho (born 24 December 1965) is a South Korean water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Matthew Bennett (20 January 1862 – 16 January 1951) was an Australian politician.
He was born at Carngham to farmer Joseph Bennett and Elizabeth Ann Temby. He became a farmer at Benjeroop, and on 31 October 1889 married Mary Simpson, with whom he had four daughters. Around 1906 he moved to Yannathan. An active member of the Country Party from its foundation, he served on Kooweerup Shire Council from 1925 to 1951 and was president from 1931 to 1932 and from 1941 to 1942. In 1929 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in a by-election for Gippsland West. He served until his retirement in 1950. Bennett died at Malvern in 1951.
References
1862 births
1951 deaths
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Crime Rigg and Sherburn Hill Quarries is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham, England. It lies about 1 km east of the village of Sherburn Hill and about 7 km east of the city of Durham.
The site is a working quarry in which is exposed a sequence of Lower Permian Yellow Sands overlying Marl Slate and Lower Magnesian Limestone. The exposures of Permian sands exhibit complex cross-bedding that is believed to represent ancient seif dune deposits.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Quarries in County Durham
KASS is a commercial radio station located in Casper, Wyoming, broadcasting on 106.9 FM. KASS airs a classic rock music format, branded as "Kick 107". The music programming is syndicated by Westwood One. All Mt. Rushmore Casper stations are located at 218 N. Wolcott in downtown Casper.
History
The station signed on October 15, 1990 as KCSP, a contemporary Christian music radio station. On September 22, 1993, the station changed its call letters to KPGM; the KCSP call letters and the contemporary Christian format moved to 90.3 FM, with KPGM airing religious education programming. In November 1993, the station became "Jukebox 107", an oldies station. The station transitioned into the classic rock format in the fall of 1994. By the beginning of 1995 the station would add hard rock and heavy metal to its playlist. In May 1995, the station changed its name to Kick 107; on May 11, 1995, the station took the KASS call sign.
KASS, along with other Casper stations owned by Mt. Rushmore Broadcasting were fined $68,000 for using unlicensed Studio/transmitter links, which the company had been using for 16 years. The FCC fined the company $68,000 for "willfully and repeatedly" violating the law, giving the stations' owner 30 days to get licenses for its STLs for KASS, and sister stations KMLD, KHOC, and KQLT.
In 2012, station owner Jan Charles Gray was named in a lawsuit by the U.S. Department of Labor for improperly paying employees. Gray called the claims in the lawsuit "bogus".
In 2013, Gray informed the Casper Star Tribune that the lawsuit and a $68,000 fine for unlicensed STLs were "a lot of baloney." Gray said if the FCC doesn't back down, he plans to "sue them on behalf of every radio owner in America that has been wronged by them".
References
External links
ASS
Radio stations established in 1990
Classic rock radio stations in the United States
1990 establishments in Wyoming
1000Fryd is a small café, bar, and community center with a stage, a recording studio, a cinema, and an art gallery, located in Aalborg, Denmark. Since 1000Fryd opened in 1984 there have been thousands of concerts by both well known bands – such as Die Toten Hosen and Green Day – and utterly obscure local performers, such as Jimmy Justice and Columbian Neckties. It is a focus of the successful novel Nordkraft by Jakob Ejersbo.
The bar and concert hall are located on the ground floor. Other floors in the building contain cots for touring bands, artists and vagrants as well as several art studios. The venue is operated by foreningen Tusindfryd and staffed by volunteers. It has promoted non-traditional music, for example "Denmark's first grunge band" and alternative rock.
The bar has been plagued by vandalism and fighting, including a riot in front of it in 2007, and at one point almost lost its liquor licence.
1000Fryd plays a major role in Jakob Ejersbo's successful novel Nordkraft, which explores the culture of disaffected urban youth at the turn of the 1980s–1990s and was adapted as a film in 2005 (English title: Angels in Fast Motion) and as a play in 2011. According to one of those who worked on the stage adaptation: "In Aalborg it's the culture surrounding 1000Fryd in the transition from the 80s to the 90s. It's an underground culture of middle-class and lower-middle-class kids that developed in a strong form during the 80s. Not working-class as such, but rather a sort of youth proletariat that made itself felt very strongly in Aalborg and Aarhus in those years".
References
Further reading
Jakob Ejersbo. Nordkraft: roman. Copenhagen: Gyldendal, 2002. . 5th paperback edition 2010.
Jakob Ejersbo. Nordkraft: A Novel. English translation. Toronto: McArthur, 2004.
External links
Official site
Music venues in Denmark
Companies based in Aalborg
Lady Eleanor Beauchamp, Baroness de Ros and Duchess of Somerset (September 1408 – 6 March 1467) was the second daughter of Richard de Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick and Elizabeth de Berkeley, daughter of Thomas de Berkeley, 5th Baron Berkeley.
First marriage
On 17 December 1423, Lady Eleanor was married to Thomas de Ros, 8th Baron de Ros. They were parents of the following surviving issue:
Margaret de Ros (b. 1425 – d. 10 December 1488), married firstly (as his second wife) William de Botreaux, 3rd Baron Botreaux (d. 1462), secondly Thomas Burgh, 1st Baron Burgh of Gainsborough.
Thomas de Ros, 9th Baron de Ros (b. 9 September 1427 – d. 17 May 1464)
Richard Ros (b. 8 March 1429 – after 1492)
Second marriage
Eleanor married Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset sometime between 1431 and 1433 in an unlicensed marriage, although this was pardoned on 7 March 1438. He was the son of John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset and Lady Margaret Holland. They had the following surviving issue:
Eleanor Beaufort, Countess of Ormonde (b. between 1431 and 1433 - d. August 16, 1501), married firstly James Butler, 5th Earl of Ormonde and secondly Sir Robert Spencer.
Joan Beaufort (b. 1433 – d. 11 August 1518), married firstly Robert St Lawrence, 3rd Baron Howth and secondly Sir Richard Fry.
Anne Beaufort (b. 1435 – d. 17 September 1496), who married, Sir William Paston (b. 1436 – died before 7 September 1496), a younger son of William Paston (1378–1444), Justice of the Common Pleas.
Henry Beaufort, 3rd Duke of Somerset (b. 26 January 1436 – d. 15 May 1464)
Margaret Beaufort, Countess of Stafford (b. 1437 – d. 1474), married firstly Humphrey, Earl of Stafford and secondly Sir Richard Darell.
Edmund Beaufort, 4th Duke of Somerset (b. 1439 – d. 4 May 1471)
John Beaufort, Earl of Dorset (b. 1441 – 4 May 1471)
Thomas Beaufort (b. 1442 – d. 1517)
Elizabeth Beaufort (b. 1443 - died before 1475), married Sir Henry FitzLewis.
Mary Beaufort (b. between 1431 and 1455)
Third marriage
She married thirdly to Walter Rokesley. There was no known issue from this marriage.
Death
She died on 6 March 1467 at the age of 58 at Baynard's Castle, London, England.
Ancestry
References
1408 births
1467 deaths
Daughters of British earls
de Ros
English duchesses by marriage
People from Warwickshire
Date of birth unknown
Eleanor
Eleanor
15th-century English women
15th-century English people
Mimamblesthidus orientalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimamblesthidus. It was described by Breuning in 1961.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1961
Monotypic beetle genera
Eburia cinereopilosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae found on Cuba and in the United States.
References
cinereopilosa
Beetles described in 1932
Hobart Commercial District is a national historic district located at Hobart, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 38 contributing buildings in the central business district of Hobart. It developed between about 1869 and 1963, and includes notable example of Italianate, Classical Revival, and Art Deco style architecture. Notable buildings include the Verplank Building (1928), Orcutt Hotel and Office / Mander Building (1915), Fiester Building (1907), Fiester Building (1890-1893), Hobart Bank (c. 1884, c. 1930), Art Theater (c. 1941), Ben Ack Building (1926), Hobart Post Office (1936-1937, 1966), Roper Building / American Bank and Trust (1890, 1926), First State Bank (1888, 1922), Lake George Hotel / Stocker Building (c. 1888), Schultz Brothers Variety Store (1947), and the Kostbase Building (1950).
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Italianate architecture in Indiana
Neoclassical architecture in Indiana
Art Deco architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
The Journal of Evolutionary Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly covering the field of evolutionary biology. It is owned by the European Society for Evolutionary Biology. The founding editor-in-chief was Stephen C. Stearns. He was succeeded by Pierre-Henri Gouyon (1992–1995), Rolf Hoekstra (1996–1999), Peter van Tienderen (2000–2003), Juha Merilä (2004–2007), Allen Moore (2007–2010), Michael G. Ritchie (2011-2017), and Wolf U. Blanckenhorn (2017-2021). The current editor is Max Reuter (University College London).
References
External links
Delayed open access journals
Wiley-Blackwell academic journals
Evolutionary biology journals
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1988
The Apostolic Nunciature to Saint Lucia is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Saint Lucia. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Port of Spain, Trinidad.
List of papal representatives to the Saint Lucia
Apostolic Pro-Nuncios
Manuel Monteiro de Castro (16 February 1985 - 21 August 1990)
Eugenio Sbarbaro (7 February 1991 - 26 April 2000)
Apostolic Nuncios
Emil Paul Tscherrig (8 July 2000 - 22 May 2004)
Thomas Edward Gullickson (2 October 2004 – 21 May 2011)
Nicola Girasoli (29 October 2011 – 16 June 2017)
Fortunatus Nwachukwu (27 February 2018 – 17 December 2021)
See also
Apostolic Delegation to the Antilles
References
Saint Lucia
Steven Solomon (born 16 May 1993) is an Australian Olympic sprinter. He is a six-time defending Australian 400 metres champion.
In 2011, he broke the 30-year-old national junior record in the 400m. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London at the age of 19, Solomon competed in the finals of the men's 400m race, placing eighth with a time of 45.14 after running a time of 44.97 in the semifinals. He was the first Australian man in 24 years to reach the 400m Olympic final, and became the first Australian since Cathy Freeman to make the final of the 400m at the Olympic Games for Australia. At the 2012 IAAF World Junior Championships he won a bronze medal.
At the 2013 Maccabiah Games, Solomon won a silver medal in the 400m race. At Stanford in 2013, he established a new freshman record in the 400m. In 2014, he set a new Stanford record in the outdoor 400m with a time of 45.36, and ran a 500m in 1:01.44 (the third-fastest time in the world to that point).
Early life
Solomon was born in the Sydney suburb of Vaucluse, New South Wales, Australia, and is Jewish. His local rabbi is Levi Wolff, a Chabadnik who runs Sydney Australia's largest Modern Orthodox Judaism congregation, Central Synagogue. His father, Michael, is a South African-born orthopedic surgeon, and his mother is Lucille Solomon. He has a younger sister, Bianca.
Solomon was raised in East Lindfield and attended Lindfield East Public School and Cranbrook School, Sydney. Solomon planned to follow his father into medicine after accepting an athletic scholarship in track at Stanford University. At Stanford, he studied Human Biology, and graduated in 2017. He is attending Duke University in 2017-18 to study for a Masters in Management Studies (MMS) at the Fuqua School of Business.
Career
Solomon first began formal track training in 2009, and that year he won the Under-17 All-Schools Championship in the 400m. Solomon competed for Australia in the Maccabiah Games, the "Jewish Olympics", as captain of the junior soccer team at the 2009 Maccabiah Games. He was named the 2009 Maccabi New South Wales Junior Sportsman of the Year.
After breaking the 30-year-old national junior record in the 400m in 2011, Solomon was part of the Australian squad in the 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. He won the 2011 Australia National Championship in the 400m at 17 years of age. In September 2011, he suffered a hamstring tear. He was named the Maccabi New South Wales Sportsman of the Year in 2011.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London at the age of 19, he competed in the finals of the Men's 400 m race, placing eighth with a time of 45.14, after running a time of 44.97 in the semifinals. Two and a half years prior, Solomon had never run a 400m race. He was the first Australian man in 24 years to reach the 400m final at the Olympics. He also ran on Australia's 4x400 relay team that ran 3:03.17 in the first round, and did not advance to the final. He won the 2012 Australia National Championship in the 400m in a time of 45.54, despite his hamstring injury. At the 2012 IAAF World Junior Championships in Barcelona, Spain, he won a bronze medal in the 400m as he set a personal record of 45.52. He was awarded the 2012 Richard Coombes Memorial Award for Most Outstanding Male Athlete.
Solomon competed for Australia again as captain of the junior soccer team at the 2013 Maccabiah Games. At those Games he also competed in track, and won a silver medal in the 400m race, with a time of 46.24. At the 2013 Morton Games in Dublin, Ireland, he came in third with a time of 46.18. At the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow, Russia, returning from a back injury he led off for the Australia 4 x 400 relay team, running a split of 45.3, as the team finished eighth in the final with a time of 3:02.26. At Stanford in 2013, he established a new freshman record in the 400 with a 46.12 (No. 3 on the school's all-time list), and was named a second-team All-American. He was also named the top junior sprinter for 2013 at the NSW Athletics' awards, and the Maccabi Australia Outstanding Jewish Sportsman of the Year.
In 2014, he set a new Stanford record in the outdoor 400m while winning the Australian national championship, running 45.36, and also finished second at the Pac-12 Championships in a time of 45.79. Running indoors for Stanford, Solomon ran a 45.75 split in the 400 medley relay at the 2014 NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships (as the Cardinal won the title in 9:37.63), and also won the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation (MPSF) title in the 400 in 46.24, and ran a 500 in 1:01.44 (the third-fastest time in the world to that point). He was injured, as a back problem turned into a chronic hamstring injury and then a torn hamstring in the 400m semifinal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games that necessitated surgery after the Games, and he therefore only competed for Stanford for two years.
Solomon just missed the qualifying time to represent Australia at the 2016 Olympic Games. The cut-off was 45.40, and he missed it by one-10th of a second.
In April 2017, Solomon won a record-tying fifth Australian National Championship in the 400m, in a time of 46.66 in wet conditions. At the June 2017 TrackTown Summer Series 400m race he ran a time of 45.19, his fastest race since the 2012 Olympic final, thereby qualifying for the 2017 World Championships in Athletics in London.
As a graduate student at Duke University in 2017-18, he is finishing his final year of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) athletic eligibility with the Duke Blue Devils track & field team. In January 2018 he set a new personal record in the indoor 800m with a time of 1:52.09, and in February 2018 he set new personal records in the indoor 400m with a time of 45.44 (setting a new Australian record, and breaking the all-time Duke University indoor record for that distance as well as the ACC record), and in the 600m with a time of 1:17.49 (breaking the Duke record). He finished the season as first team All-ACC, and a second team All-American.
At age 26, he was an Australian Athletics Team co-captain, stating at the end of 2019 that he was aiming to medal at the upcoming Tokyo Olympics. In October 2019, "London Olympics finalist Steve Solomon did just enough to claim a spot in the men's 400m semi-finals," getting the last of the available qualifying berths when he finished fourth in his first heat. He was training isolation in May 2020. He was heading the Australian team in September 2019 from their training base in Italy.
After the Olympics were postponed, he said in July 2020 that he had returned to proper competitive training. Solomon on August 29, 2020 had an op-ed in The Guardian published, where he stated it was "heartbreaking" that Covid-19 was leaving athletes unable to compete in the Olympics as planned. In 2020, his coach remained Penny Gillies, a former 100m Olympic hurdler.
Achievements
See also
List of select Jewish track and field athletes
References
External links
Steven Solomon website
Stanford Cardinal bio
Randwick Botany Harriers bio
1993 births
Living people
Australian male sprinters
Australian people of South African descent
Jewish Australian sportspeople
Jewish male athletes (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Australia
World Athletics Championships athletes for Australia
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
People educated at Cranbrook School, Sydney
Stanford University alumni
People from Stanford, California
Maccabiah Games medalists in athletics
Maccabiah Games competitors for Australia
Maccabiah Games silver medalists
Competitors at the 2009 Maccabiah Games
Competitors at the 2013 Maccabiah Games
Sportsmen from New South Wales
Australian soccer players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Maccabiah Games footballers
Australian Athletics Championships winners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
The Early Ayn Rand: A Selection from Her Unpublished Fiction is an anthology of unpublished early fiction written by the philosopher Ayn Rand, first published in 1984, two years after her death. The selections include short stories, plays, and excerpts of material cut from her novels We the Living and The Fountainhead.
Publishing history
Author Ayn Rand died in March 1982, after a long career that included four published novels, two Broadway plays, several produced screenplays, and numerous non-fiction essays and speeches. She left her literary estate, including her unpublished manuscripts, to her longtime friend and protégé Leonard Peikoff. Peikoff compiled a selection of her unpublished fiction into The Early Ayn Rand. Although many of the pieces included were never meant to be published, the collection shows Rand's development as a writer. In the introduction, Peikoff writes he "decided to publish this material because I believe that admirers of Miss Rand will be interested to learn by what steps she developed her literary abilities. They can now see the steps themselves."
This book is volume two of the "Ayn Rand Library" series edited by Peikoff. It was first published in a hardcover edition by New American Library in 1984. They published paperback edition in 1986. A revised and expanded edition was published in 2005.
Contents
The first edition begins with four unpublished short stories written in the 1920s. The next section starts with a synopsis of Red Pawn, a 1932 screenplay that was Rand's first professional sale as a writer. This is followed by unpublished excerpts from Rand's first novel, We the Living, which was completed in 1934 and published in 1936. The section ends with a previously unpublished and unproduced play, Ideal, which was written in the mid-1930s. (Ideal was later produced in 1989 by Michael Paxton.)
The third section begins with Think Twice, a theatrical murder mystery written in 1939. Peikoff writes that in conversation about this play, Rand told him "She could not ... write a series of mysteries, because everyone would know who the murderers were." It is followed by unpublished excerpts from Rand's 1943 novel The Fountainhead - especially, the sections describing the relationship of the protagonist Howard Roark with actress Vesta Dunning, an episode of considerable importance in the original text and removed from the final version.
The revised edition adds two short stories. "The Night King" was a previously unpublished story written in around 1926. "The Simplest Thing in the World" was written in 1940 and previously published in a 1967 issue of The Objectivist and in Rand's 1969 book The Romantic Manifesto.
Reception
Upon its initial publication in 1984, the book received only a few reviews, which were mostly positive. These included reviews in the Los Angeles Times and the Detroit Free Press. In a review for the libertarian magazine Reason, literature professor Stephen D. Cox said the collection was "very interesting" and revealed details of Rand's personality, although the writing in the selections was inferior to her previously published work.
Looking back on the book years later, Rand scholar Mimi Reisel Gladstein said reading it is "a pleasurable experience" that shows Rand's "nascent virtuosity". In her article about Rand for Contemporary Women Philosophers, Jenny Heyl said the selections show Rand's "strong flair for the dramatic" and foreshadow themes from her later work.
References
Works cited
1984 short story collections
Books by Ayn Rand
Books published posthumously
English-language books
New American Library books
Karen A. Duncan is a biostatistician and health informatics specialist, who was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2000.
Duncan earned a Ph.D. in biostatistics from the University of Oklahoma. She has worked as an associate professor at the Medical University of South Carolina, as a member of the technical staff at the Mitre Corporation, and as an independent consultant.
She is the author of the books Health Information and Health Reform: Understanding the Need for a National Health Information System (Jossey-Bass, 1994) and Community Health Information Systems: Lessons for the Future (Health Information Press, 1998).
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
Biostatisticians
Women statisticians
Health informaticians
University of Oklahoma alumni
Medical University of South Carolina faculty
Mitre Corporation people
Mouse-tailed bats are a group of insectivorous microbats of the family Rhinopomatidae with only three to six species, all contained in the single genus Rhinopoma. They are found in the Old World, from North Africa to Thailand and Sumatra, in arid and semiarid regions, roosting in caves, houses and even the Egyptian pyramids. They are relatively small, with a body length of just 5 to 6 cm. They weigh between 6 and 14 g.
Features
Rhinopomatidae are small bats with very slim limbs and a long, thin, hairless tail, which is nearly the same length as the rest of the body and not connected to the patagium. Their sand-colored coat is soft and short. The snout has a small and simple nose leaf with valvular nostrils. Their big ears have a well-developed tragus and are connected to their big, black eyes by a band of skin across the forehead. There is a fat repository located near the caudal penduncle and the hind legs. Of all the bats, Rhinopomatidae have the shortest fingers relative to their forearm-length. They have a head-body length of 50 to 90 mm, forearm-length of 45 to 75 mm, a tail-length of 40 to 80 mm and a body weight of 6 to 14 grams.
Lifestyle
Rhinopomatidae live in deserts and semi-arid climates in North Africa and South Asia, from Morocco and Senegal to South Sudan, the Middle East and India to Myanmar, Thailand, and North-Sumatra. They also come to agricultural areas and disturbed areas. They are adaptable and live along walls with low humidity and high temperatures. They also use crevices, rock walls, houses, tombs (including the Egyptian Pyramids, where they have been coming for more than three-thousand years), tunnels and caves as shelters. Animals from the more northern parts of South-Asia travel to winter colonies, where they become torpid, although they do not truly hibernate. In very dry periods during a food shortage they estivate, where they live on their fat stores.
Rhinopomatidae live in colonies of thousands, where they gather in small, scattered groups. Mixed groups are common but groups with only males or females also occur. They live in roosts of a thousand or more members, and have one or two young per year. They have poor flight endurance and fast fliers quickly become exhausted. They can also quickly run on the ground. They hunt small insects including beetles that have flight altitudes of five to ten meters.
Classification
This family is closely related to Kitti's hog-nosed bat, complementing the Rhinopomatidae in the superfamily Rhinopomatoidea. They are also closely related to horseshoe bats, Old World leaf-nosed bats and Plecotus, the other members of the suborder Yinpterochiroptera. There are four species that appear in the drier areas of North Africa and in southern Asia. There are no known fossils.
Family Rhinopomatidae
Genus Rhinopoma
Lesser mouse-tailed bat, R. hardwickii Gray, 1831
Egyptian mouse-tailed bat, R. cystops Thomas 1903
Yemeni mouse-tailed bat, R. hadramauticum Benda et al. 2009
Macinnes's mouse-tailed bat, R. macinnesi Hayman, 1937
Greater mouse-tailed bat, R. microphyllum (Brünnich, 1792)
Small mouse-tailed bat, R. muscatellum Thomas 1903
References
Rhinopomatidae
Taxa named by Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire
Bilkisu Labaran is a Nigerian journalist, editor and Head of Africa News & Current affairs at BBC. She played a vital role in the establiment of BBC pidgin and is the first Nigerian BBC editor. She currently works as an executive at BBC Africa Eye documentaries
Before joining the BBC, she was a lecturer at Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, Nigeria and was the Nigeria Country Director for the BBC World Service Trust.
She holds a Master's degree from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria and a fellow of the Institute of Information Management Africa and was ranked no 5 of 25 Most Powerful Women in Nigerian journalism in 2020, compiled by Women in Journalism Africa.
.
References
Living people
Nigerian journalists
Nigerian women journalists
21st-century journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Annan Committee on the future of broadcasting was established in April 1974 to discuss the United Kingdom broadcasting industry, including new technologies and their funding, the role and funding of the BBC, Independent Broadcasting Authority and programme standards.
On 3 February 1977, the committee recommended:
Changes to BBC funding by licence fee
Fourth, independent, television channel
Long-term restructure and diversification of broadcasting
Establishment of Broadcasting Complaints Commission
Privatisation of local radio
Independence from direct political control
Increase in independent production
Outcomes
Increased licence fee
Channel 4 (implemented in 1980)
Channel 4 being of a more "open" nature rather than one of balance such as the BBC
Members
Lord Annan
Peter Goldman
Professor Hilde Himmelweit
Tom Jackson
Sir Antony Jay
Marghanita Laski
Hilda M. Lawrence
A. Dewi Lewis
Sir James Mackay
The Hon Mrs Charles Morrison
Dipak Nandy
John G Parkes
John Pollock
Professor Geoffrey Sims
Phillip Whitehead MP
Sir Marcus Worsley
References
British committees on broadcasting
The International Baseball Board was founded in 1927 and is the international governing body for British baseball.
It has two member organisations, the English Baseball Association and the Welsh Baseball Union. It is not to be confused with the International Baseball Federation, which is the world governing body for US-style baseball.
The board oversees the annual international matches between the representative teams from England and Wales, which are played at A and B level for men, and at age-group level for boys.
The first such international game was held in Cardiff in 1908 and the centenary international was also held in Cardiff in 2008. Wales won on both occasions.
References
External links
Welsh Baseball
English Baseball Association
British baseball in the United Kingdom
Sports organizations established in 1927
International sports organizations
Prince Roman Fedorovich Sanguszko (c. 1537 – 12 May 1571) was a soldier and statesman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. He served as governor (voivode) of Bracław and was hetman of Lithuania from 1567 until his death. He fought at the Battle of Ula in 1564 and belonged to the nesuhoizhskoy branch of the House of Sanguszko.
Sources
https://ru.wikisource.org/wiki/%D0%A0%D0%91%D0%A1/%D0%92%D0%A2/%D0%A1%D0%B0%D0%BD%D0%B3%D1%83%D1%88%D0%BA%D0%B8
Marcin Spórna. Słownik najsłynniejszych wodzów i dowódców polskich. Kraków 2006.
Mariusz Machynia. Sanguszko (Sanguszkowicz) Roman, kniaź z linii niesuchojesko-łokackiej (ok. 1537–1571) / Polski Słownik Biograficzny. — Wrocław — Warszawa — Kraków: Zakład Narodowy Imienia Ossolińskich Wydawnictwo Polskiej Akademii Nauk, 1993.— Tom XXXIV/4. — Zeszyt 143.— S. 500–505 (пол.).
16th-century births
1571 deaths
Roman
Field Hetmans of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
Secular senators of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
People of the Livonian War
TightVent Europe is a platform, formed in 2011, with a focus on building and ductwork airtightness issues. The creation of the platform was triggered by the need for a strong and concerted initiative to meet the Directive on the energy performance of buildings ambitious targets for the year 2020 and overcome the challenges in relation to the envelope and ductwork leakage towards the generalization of nearly zero-energy buildings. The platform's main activities, among others, include the production and dissemination of policy oriented publications, networking among local or national airtightness associations, as well as the organization of conferences, workshops and webinars.
History
TightVent Europe was launched and initiated in January 2011 by INIVE EEIG (International Network for Information on Ventilation and Energy Performance), a registered European Economic Interest Grouping (EEIG) whose members include building research centres in Europe. Since then, the platform has received the financial and/or technical support from its partners: ACIN instrumenten, BlowerDoor GmbH, Buildings Performance Institute Europe, dooApp, Eurima, Industrias Gonal, Lindab, MEZ-TECHNIK, Retrotec, Soudal and SIGA.
TightVent Airtightness Associations Committee-TAAC
In September 2012, TightVent Europe launched the TightVent Airtightness Associations Committee (TightVent TAAC committee) with the primary goal to promote reliable testing and reporting procedures. At present, the participants are from Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UK and the USA. The scope of this committee includes various aspects such as:
airtightness and ventilation inspection requirements in the countries involved
competent tester/inspectors schemes in the countries involved
applicable standards and guidelines for testing/inspecting
collection of relevant guidance and training documents
knowledge and experience sharing during the meetings
providing information on ongoing research work in the building and ductwork airtightness and ventilation inspection fields
Publications
Since 2011, TightVent Europe has published 6 reports in the fields of building and ductwork airtightness. The first publication on the challenges for building and ductwork airtightness was released in 2011 entitled as: “Critical steps for a wide scale implementation of building and ductwork airtightness”. It included an introductory paper browsing the issues of concern and collect a series of technical documents, namely those produced within the ASIEPI project as well as within the SAVE-DUCT and AIRWAYS projects. Another publication: “Methods and techniques for airtight buildings” was released in 2012, with an overview to the design principles and construction methods for building airtightness. Moreover, the publication: "Building air leakage databases in energy conservation policies: Analysis of selected initiatives in 4 European countries and the USA" was also released in 2012 with information on existing envelope air leakage databases from five countries: Czech Republic, France, Germany, UK and USA. Furthermore,another report was produced in close collaboration with the AIVC, "Building airtightness: a critical review of testing reporting and quality schemes in 10 countries", in 2012; a review of testing and reporting about building airtightness and quality management issues for achieving a good airtightness in 10 countries .In 2013, TightVent Europe published "Building and ductwork airtightness: Selected papers from the REHVA special journal issue on ‘airtightness'" composed of relevant contributions from the special issue on airtightness of the REHVA journal.
Newsletter
TightVent Europe publishes a biannual newsletter with up to date information on developments in respect to building and ductwork airtightness, including policy issues, publications, events, innovative technologies, case studies and research activities.
References
External links
TightVent October 2022 conference
TAAC website
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
Ventilation
Energy conservation
Low-energy building
The ST Leukos was an Irish Commercial trawler that was sunk off the coast off the north coast of Ireland by a German U-boat on 9 March 1940. The vessel, which had been fishing in the company of British trawlers, was attacked by the off Tory Island. The submarine surfaced opening fire with its deck gun. All 11 crew members were lost.
The reason for the attack has never been proved. As a neutral country, all Irish ships, including the Leukos, were unarmed and clearly marked. Several theories exist. First the Leukos had positioned herself between the fleeing British trawlers in the hope that the U-boat would respect Irish Neutrality. Second that she tried to ram the U-boat. This is the view taken by the Irish Seamen's Relatives Association which holds that the Leukos attempted to ram the U-38 as it threatened the British fishing fleet. They maintain that this selfless bravery should be acknowledged by the British government. Death certificates for the lost crew were not issued until 1986.
History
ST Leukos was built in Aberdeen in 1914 by the John Duthie Torry Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. for the National Steam Fishing Company of Aberdeen. She was powered by a coal-fired steam engine. During World War I she was requisitioned by the British Admiralty and used as a "boom defence vessel"; that is: she maintained the buoys, hawsers and netting of a boom defence.
Initially she fished from Aberdeen. In 1920 she was sold to Tucker, Tippet and Company and continued fishing out of Aberdeen. On 27 February 1927 she was in a collision with ST Thomas Bartlett. Later that year she was sold to the Dublin Trawlers, Ice and Cold Storage Company with offices at 8 Cardiff Lane, Dublin. She was transferred to the Irish registry. She was based at Hanover Quay, Ringsend, Dublin
Original Account
On 9 February 1940 the Leukos sailed from Hanover Quay under Captain James Potter Thomasson, from Fleetwood, Lancashire. She called to Troon, Scotland for coaling and then headed for ‘the bank', a fishing ground, north-west of Tory Island. She was scheduled to return to Dublin on 12 March 1940, but failed to return. On 21 March her empty lifeboat was found off Scarinish on the Island of Tiree in the Scottish Inner Hebrides. On 26 March, Lloyd's of London declared the Leukos and her crew were presumed lost.
This loss remained a mystery until 1986. There were theories: was she on a target list because of her previous role as a boom defence vessel; or was there a structural weakness caused by her collision with ST Thomas Bartlett? The general assumption was that she struck a mine. Officially she was listed as ‘missing'.
Further details were uncovered by Peter Mulvany, grand-nephew of Patricio McCarthy, one of those lost. They were published in the Spring 1987 edition of the Journal of the Maritime Institute of Ireland. His sources were former U-boat personnel and recently declassified intelligence resulting from decryption of encrypted German radio communications, known as ‘Ultra'. The other trawlers with the Leukos were: John Morris of Aberdeen, Alvis of Fleetwood, Pelagos of Fleetwood, Flying Admiral of Fleetwood, Seddock of Grimbsy; the Alvis and Pelagos were armed Trawlers each having a 3-pounder gun mounted aft. (Seddock might have also been armed)
U-38
Inverliffey
On 11 September 1939, U-38, on its first patrol, shelled and sunk the Irish-flagged oil tanker Inverliffey carrying 13,000 tons of gasolene. The blazing oil threatened to engulf the Inverliffey's lifeboats. At some risk to the U-38, it towed the lifeboats away from the flames. They were later rescued by the American oil-tanker R.G. Stewart, which transferred them to the American freighter SS City of Joliet and landed at Antwerp, Belgium. William Trowsdale, master of the Inverliffey, had protested to the Kapitänleutnant Heinrich Liebe of the U-38 that as a neutral Irish ship, his ship should not be attacked, but the German captain responded that, as the ship was carrying gasoline, a war material, for the British, she was a legitimate military target. Éamon de Valera permitted Inver Tankers, the owners of the Inverliffey, to transfer their seven tankers to the British registry at the outbreak of the war, therefore their continued flying of the Irish tricolour was questionable.
Leukos
The account of the sinking of the Leukos, as recorded in the U-38 war diary, is curious. At 20:00 he surfaced “After surfacing 6 steamers with lights on were sighted which apparently formed a guard line with north-south course. I decided to give one of them a lesson with our gun.” He remained, surfaced, for over an hour. At 21:13 “fired one shot on one trawler at 200m distance. Hit engine room, steamer disappeared in smoke and dust.” He wrote that the Leukos had not sunk! “Later it was recognised that the steamer had not sunk as presumed before. Decided not to attack again”. He also wrote that some other trawlers were unaware of the incident “others seemed not to have noticed the gunfire.”
It is not known why the U-38 sank a neutral Irish trawler, leaving the five British trawlers unmolested. Nor is it known why he waited an hour. In 1988 an effort was made to ask Kapitän Liebe. He declined to speak. He died in July 1997.
German spy
On its fifth patrol the U-38 landed Walter Simon, alias "Karl Anderson", a Nazi agent, at Dingle Bay in Ireland on the night of 12 June. Simon was an experienced spy. He had several successful trips to England. Not noticing grass overgrown on the rusting rail-tracks of the Tralee and Dingle Light Railway which had closed 14 months earlier, he asked "when is the next train?" He was later arrested.
See also
Irish neutrality during World War II (external issues)
The Emergency (internal issues)
Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Irish Seamens' Relatives Association
Wilson, Ian. Donegal Shipwrecks Impact Printing 1998 -
Merchant ships of the Republic of Ireland
Fishing vessels
Ships built in Aberdeen
Maritime incidents in March 1940
Maritime history of Ireland
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Independent Ireland in World War II
Shipwrecks of Ireland
Ships lost with all hands
Merchant ships of Ireland
Fishing in Ireland
Fonfona is a village and the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune of Tao in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 45 km northwest of Koutiala.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Paik Ok-ja or Baeg Ok-ja (, born May 18, 1950) is a retired South Korean shot putter who won gold medals at the 1970 and 1974 Asian Games. She placed 13th–15th at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1950 births
Living people
South Korean female shot putters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Olympic athletes of South Korea
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Carroll County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 29 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listing
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Cass, Clinton, Howard, Tippecanoe, White
List of Indiana state historical markers in Carroll County
References
Carroll County
The 1987–88 Boise State Broncos men's basketball team represented Boise State University during the 1987–88 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Broncos were led by fifth-year head coach Bobby Dye and played their home games on campus at the BSU Pavilion in Boise, Idaho.
They finished the regular season at with a record in the Big Sky Conference, first in the standings. In the conference tournament in Bozeman, Montana, the top-seed Broncos received a bye into the semifinals and defeated Idaho State by 31 points. They met the host, third-seeded Montana State, in the final and won by two points. It was Boise State's first conference tourney title (and NCAA Tournament appearance) in twelve years.
Boise State received the automatic bid to the NCAA tournament, and no other Big Sky members were invited to the tournament or The Broncos were the fourteenth seed in the West region and gave third-seeded Michigan a scare in Salt Lake City, as the Wolverines' large lead eroded in the second half; Michigan prevailed by
The Broncos were led on the court by junior guard Chris Childs, who went on to a lengthy professional career, ending with nine years
Postseason results
|-
!colspan=6 style=| Big Sky Tournament
|-
!colspan=6 style=| NCAA Tournament
References
External links
Sports Reference – Boise State Broncos – 1987–88 basketball season
Boise State Broncos men's basketball seasons
Boise State
Boise State
Boise State
A Lentulo spiral is a dental instrument used to properly distribute root canal sealer and cement evenly throughout the root canal system, as when performing endodontic therapy or a post and core cementation.
The instrument has an atypical left-handed screw threading (like the screw in the left pedal of a bicycle) so that the application of sealer or cement will flow down the tip of the spiral when the slow-speed is in forward mode.
A common criticism of the Lentulo spiral is that the long term failures resulting from marginally poorer cement/sealer distribution are less problematic than the possibility of the spiral breaking inside the root canal. Proper use, maintenance, and disposal of old instruments should minimize breakage however.
Maillefer's Lentulo spiral, produced by Dentsply, is the only one licensed to use the Lentulo name; however, the term is generally used to refer to any of the various brands of root canal sealer and cement distributing spirals.
Use with resin cements
Use of a Lentulo spiral is contraindicated with resin cements because the rapidity and efficacy of stirring effect accelerates the setting action of the cement, causing it to set too quickly, preventing proper post placement and increasing apical back pressure.
References
Clinical Evaluation of Root Canal Obturation Methods in Primary Teeth: O.A. BAWAZIR, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, F.S. SALAMA, University of Nebraska, Omaha, US.
Dental equipment
Bolívar Square () in Caracas is one of the most important and recognized Venezuelan public spaces. It is located in the center of the first 25 blocks of Caracas when it was founded as "Santiago de León de Caracas" in 1567. It is in the historic center of the city in the Cathedral Parish of the Libertador Municipality.
Bolívar Square is surrounded by important buildings such as Caracas Cathedral, Sacred Museum, Archbishop's Palace, City Hall, Chapel of Santa Rosa de Lima, the Yellow House, the Main Theater and the building of the Government of the Capital District. The Federal Legislative Palace stands to the Southwest.
History
This place was intended as the Plaza Mayor of Caracas as soon as it was founded to serve as a trade center in town. For centuries, many modifications were made to the square, but one of the most significant was that of 1754 when Governor Felipe Ricardos ordered the construction of arcades to surround the square. The square was a usual place to fusillade and execute political enemies and conspirators of the Spanish colonial government. The execution of José María España was the best known. His body was quartered in the square in 1799. Additionally, this was the place where the Venezuelan people won the first step towards their independence when a popular rebellion rose against the Spanish crown on April 19, 1810.
Although it is one of the most emblematic sites in the country, it is not the largest. The Plaza Bolívar of Maracay, Aragua state, surpasses it in size, being the biggest in Venezuela and Latin America.
After independence, the square was called Plaza de Armas (Arms Square) and Plaza del Mercado (Market Square), but when the body of Simón Bolívar arrived in Caracas from Santa Marta, it was formally named Plaza Bolívar in 1842. Nevertheless, that name was not properly used until 1874.
General Antonio Guzmán Blanco was put in charge of the presidency in 1865 by the then president Marshal Juan Crisóstomo Falcón. Blanco decided to demolish the arcades around the square and remove the market vendors in May. Projects to recover the place started five years later. A renewal process with a French style square started in 1872, including the presidential decision to erect a statue of Bolívar by the month of November. Also, it was decided to build planters, plant trees, recreate the four seasons in the corners: spring, summer, autumn and winter with four fountains of ornamental iron, install about 100 iron posts with different decorations and to border the square with metal balusters. The small stairs in the southeast of the square gave name to that corner known as Gradillas, meaning small terrace corner.
Statue
The statue of Simón Bolívar was inaugurated on November 7, 1874 in the center of the square with the ringing of bells and 21 guns. This is a replica of the statue by Adamo Tadolini located at the Bolivar Square in Lima, Peru. Cast by the Von Müller Foundry, Bolívar rides a horse standing on its hind legs, supported by the two tiered pedestal. It measures 4 meters high (10 feet).
The decision to install electricity in the square was made in 1894, and since then, there were no significant changes until 1967, when the original colourful floor was replaced by gray marble. Several terminal stations of the former Caracas tram worked in the corners of the square during 1908 and 1947.
On February 21, 1959, the statue was designated as a memorial. In mid-2003, the Municipality of Libertador undertook a process of full restoration of the square, including gardens, fountains, flooring, lighting, among others.
Image gallery
See also
Caracas
Simón Bolívar
References
Simón Bolívar
Buildings and structures in Caracas
Monuments and memorials in Venezuela
Squares in Venezuela
Pagan Records is an independent extreme metal record label based in Poland. Their roster includes bands such as Azarath, Behemoth, Christ Agony and other black metal bands.
Bands
Current
Blasphemy Rites
Blaze of Perdition
Bloodthirst
Demonic Slaughter
Furia
Gortal
Massemord
Mord'A'Stigmata
Mordhell
Misteria
Pandemonium
Strandhogg
Throneum
Thy Worshiper
Voidhanger
Former
Anima Damnata
Azarath
Behemoth
Christ Agony
CSSABA
Damnation
Esqarial
Hell-Born
Hellveto
Hermh
Imperator (disbanded)
Luna Ad Noctum
Lux Occulta
Moon
Nightly Gale
Nominon
Non Opus Dei
North
Profanum (disbanded)
Revelation of Doom
Sacrilegium
Sathanas
Stillborn
Trauma
Varathron
Witchmaster
References
External links
Official website
Polish independent record labels
Black metal record labels
The 1981–82 St. Francis Terriers men's basketball team represented St. Francis College during the 1981–82 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by Gene Roberti, who was in his third year at the helm of the St. Francis Terriers. The Terriers played their homes games at the Generoso Pope Athletic Complex. This is the team's first year in the newly organized ECAC Metro Conference, which will later be known as the Northeast Conference. Also at this time the conference had 2 divisions, north and south, with St. Francis competing in the north division.
The Terriers finished their season at 10–17 overall and 8–7 in conference play. They participated in the 1982 ECAC Metro men's basketball tournament and lost in the opening round to Long Island 53–56.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#0038A8; border: 2px solid #CE1126;;color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#0038A8; border: 2px solid #CE1126;;color:#FFFFFF;"| ECAC Metro Tournament
source
References
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's basketball seasons
St. Francis
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's basketball
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's basketball
Nail bed may refer to:
Nail bed (anatomy), the skin beneath the nail plate
Bed of nails, a device sometimes used in meditation and physics demonstrations
Bed of nails tester, a device used to test printed circuit boards
See also
Bed of nails (disambiguation)
John Bethell (c. 1804–1867) was a British solicitor and inventor. In 1838, he patented the 'Bethell process' for preserving timber using creosote. That same year he was elected an Associate of the Institution of Civil Engineers. He was the younger brother of Richard, the Lord Chancellor Lord Westbury and like his brother a son-in-law of the architect Robert Abraham, having married Abraham's daughter Louisa Sarah on 28 February 1833.
References
British inventors
1800s births
1867 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Simeon Brewster Chase (April 18, 1828 – January 9, 1909) was an American politician who served as the Speaker pro tempore of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and was active in the Prohibition Party.
Life
Simeon Brewster Chase was born on April 18, 1828, to Amasa Chase and Sarah Guile in Gibson, Pennsylvania. In 1851, he graduated from Hamilton College with a law degree and later married Fanny DuBois. In 1851, he and Ezra Chase, who later served as the Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, purchase the Montrose Democrat and served as an editor for the paper until he left the Democratic Party in 1856 to join the Republican.
In 1856, he served as the chairman of the Susquehanna County Republican Convention and later served in the state House of Representatives from 1857 to 1861. In 1869, he served as one of the founding members of the Prohibition Party and served as the president of the party's first national convention in 1872.
In 1872, he received the Prohibition gubernatorial nomination, ran for Pennsylvania Supreme Court in 1878, and ran for the House of Representatives in 1878, 1886, 1888, and 1892.
Chase died on January 9, 1909.
Electoral history
References
External links
1851 births
1925 deaths
19th-century American politicians
American temperance activists
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania Democrats
Pennsylvania Prohibitionists
Pennsylvania Republicans
Emilio Ramos (born 25 April 1935) is a Spanish archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1935 births
Living people
Spanish male archers
Olympic archers of Spain
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
American Pride may refer to:
American Pride (schooner), a three-masted schooner built in 1941
American Pride (ship), a paddlewheel passenger riverboat built-in 2012, formerly known as Queen of the Mississippi
American Pride (album), by the country music band Alabama
Mahantango Creek (also known as Mahantongo Creek) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Snyder and Juniata counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States. Its name comes from a Delaware Indian word meaning "where we had plenty to eat". The creek flows along the border between Snyder County and Juniata County.
Historically, numerous sawmills and gristmills have been built on the creek. The first inhabitants of the area arrived in the late 1700s. In the 1750s, Peter and Michael Shaffer had land grants along and near the mouth of Mahantango Creek. They were both farmers, Michael also had a lumber mill and a distillery.
The watershed of the creek has an area of . Trout inhabit the tributaries of Mahantango Creek, but not the main stem. Smallmouth bass, however, may inhabit Mahantango Creek itself.
Course
Mahantango Creek begins at the border between Perry Township, Snyder County, Chapman Township, Snyder County, and Susquehanna Township, Juniata County. The creek's headwaters are at the confluence of North Branch Mahantango Creek and West Branch Mahantango Creek, near Pennsylvania Route 104. It heads southeast for a short distance and then turns northeast. Shortly afterwards, it turns southeast again, passing by the community of Mahantango. The creek then turns nearly due-south and crosses under U.S. Route 11 and U.S. Route 15. Shortly afterwards, it reaches its confluence with the Susquehanna River.
Mahantango Creek joins the Susquehanna River upstream of its mouth and upstream of Harrisburg.
Tributaries
Mahantango Creek has two named tributaries. These are North Branch Mahantango Creek and West Branch Mahantango Creek. West Branch Mahantango Creek is long and North Branch Mahantango Creek is long. Both of these tributaries' headwaters are in Bald Eagle State Park.
Hydrology, geography and geology
There is a broken flint ridge between Richfield and Mahantango Creek. A feature known as McKee's Half Falls is located near the creek's mouth. There are also limestone and sandstone formations at the mouth of the creek. A rock formation known as the Marcellus black slate forms visible outcrops at the headwaters of the creek.
Mahantango Creek forms part of the border between Snyder County and Juniata County.
In 2009, a $600,000 project was to alleviate soil erosion on Mahantango Creek was carried out. There are also no-till planting practices being done in the creek's watershed to reduce the amount of sediment flowing from it into the Susquehanna River and Chesapeake Bay.
The water temperature of Mahantango Creek can be as high as .
Watershed
The watershed of Mahantango Creek has an area of . The watershed is located in Snyder County and Juniata County.
Parts of the watershed of Mahantango Creek are rural and is mostly used for agricultural purposes.
History
Mahantango Creek's name comes from the Delaware word mahantongo, which means "where we had plenty to eat". It was apparently named after a group of Native Americans had a large meal on the creek.
George Herrold had a tract of land on the creek in 1765. It is unlikely, but possible, that Peter Shaffer settled on the creek around 1765. Michael Witmer gained access to a tract of land on Mahantango Creek around 1770.
In May 1772, there were plans to construct a road from Sunbury to Mahantango Creek. The Mahantongo Methodist Circuit historically included the watershed of the creek.
Historically, there were twelve gristmills and fourteen sawmills on Mahantango Creek and its tributaries. As late as 1919, there were still a large number of mills in the watershed, including the Old West Perry Mill, producing fermented pear cider, or perry, which was built in 1778.
In March 1901, flooding and ice jams severely damaged a number of bridges over Mahantango Creek. There are two covered bridges located on Mahantango Creek near Pennsylvania Route 104. One of them is called the North Oriental Covered Bridge and was built in 1908. The other is known as the Sheaffer Covered Bridge and was built in 1907. Both bridges are burr arch truss bridges.
Biology
The Mahantango Creek Confluence Pools are a series of small pools located near Mahantango Creek in Susquehanna Township, Juniata County and Snyder County. These pools are surrounded by hardwood forests, which have been somewhat affected by logging. Additionally, there are vernal pools on the tributary West Branch Mahantango Creek. These are known as the West Branch Mahantango Creek Vernal Pools.
Mahantango Creek flows through an area of forest with an area of greater than .
Mahantango Creek is not stocked with fish. It is, however, a warmwater community for fish. No trout inhabit the creek, although it is possible that smallmouth bass inhabit it. However, trout are stocked on the tributary West Branch Mahantango Creek. Brook trout have inhabited North Branch Mahantango Creek in the past.
A barn on the floodplain of Mahantango Creek is inhabited by 30,000 bats. These include little brown myotis bats and big brown bats.
See also
Boyers Run, next tributary of the Susquehanna River going downriver
Hoffer Creek, next tributary of the Susquehanna River going upriver
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
External links
U.S. Geological Survey: PA stream gaging stations
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Tributaries of the Susquehanna River
Rivers of Snyder County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Juniata County, Pennsylvania
Apple is the second studio album by English music producer, singer and head of record label PC Music, A. G. Cook. It was released through PC Music on 18 September 2020, coming only just over a month after the release of his debut studio album 7G.
The album was supported by the singles "Lifeline", "Oh Yeah", "Xxoplex", and "Beautiful Superstar". The album cover was designed by graphic designer and frequent PC Music visual collaborator, Timothy Luke. Apple vs. 7G, a remix album consisting of songs from both Apple and 7G, was released on 28 May 2021.
Background and recording
Cook first began teasing Apple release in September 2018 via Instagram. In March 2020, Cook took to Instagram again to give an update on his record.
In May 2020, Cook performed as part of American DJ Porter Robinson's virtual musical festival Secret Sky, where he debuted new material.
Of the background and recording of Apple, and of its predecessor 7G, Cook spoke with The Recording Academy in September 2020, stating:
Release and promotion
On 28 August 2019, Cook released the single "Lifeline", with an accompanying music video by graphic designer and frequent PC Music visual collaborator, Timothy Luke.
On 12 August 2020, Cook released his debut studio album 7G and began teasing new material only a week after releasing the aforementioned album.
On 20 August, Cook announced Apple, along with the release of the single "Oh Yeah", and its accompanying music video, directed by Cook. The tracklist was also announced by Cook, and it revealed that "Lifeline" was on the album.
On 27 August, Cook launched the Apple Guild, an interactive alternate reality game where fans could unveil stems from Cook's songs, as well as participate in various communal activities via Discord, such as a battle of the bands event where fans were split into groups and created covers in 3 days which were then presented on a livestream via Twitch on 2 September.
On 4 September, Cook released the third single from the album, "Xxoplex", alongside a music video, directed by Timothy Luke.
Cook also announced Appleville, a free live music event on 12 September, featuring sets from many of Cook's friends and contemporaries, such as Charli XCX, Clairo, 100 gecs, Dorian Electra, Kero Kero Bonito, Hannah Diamond, as well as Cook himself. A VIP pass was offered via a Bandcamp compilation featuring a select few of the aforementioned battle of the bands covers. All proceeds from the VIP pass went to the Mermaids charity supporting transgender and gender variant children and their families, and the Black Cultural Archives.
On 17 September, a day before the album's release, Cook released the fourth single from the album, "Beautiful Superstar", alongside a music video, directed by Prosper Unger-Hamilton and Cook himself.
Music
Apple is a experimental electronic, pop, and hyperpop album that features elements of trance, indie pop, electropop, rock, trap, eurodance, pop punk, lo-fi, eurotrance, synthwave and deconstructed club. Album opener "Oh Yeah" has been described as an homage to the Smashing Pumpkins and "as radio-friendly as Cook has ever been" with its "warm synth and trickle of brass." Cook's vocals were praised as "a leveled-up version of one of Daft Punk's best vocoder moments." "Xxoplex" is an experimental track that incorporates various electronic music styles "from stomping beats and abrasive whirrs of supersaw to its '90s trance synths and mid-'00s, Crazy Frog-reminiscent polyphonic aggravations". "Beautiful Superstar" is a rock-influenced song that references Cook's previous singles "Beautiful" and "Superstar". "Airhead" has been described as "a slice of downright euphoric electro-pop" and "a piece of bubblegum goodness" inspired by the work of Aphex Twin. "Jumper" "calls back to 00s pop-punk classics". "Lifeline" is an "icy melancholic" take on 1980s power ballads.
Cook also cited "classic songwriting" as something he was thinking about during the record-making process, listing artists like Shania Twain and Dolly Parton as influences. "I've been pretty directly inspired by the strands of Americana that have sometimes defied that category — Shania Twain is a really good example," Cook said. "[She] defines what pop is and what Americana and country are by actually jumping between those. To actually break those rules, you sorta have to build them up a bit. I definitely think about that quite a lot."
Critical reception
Apple has received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many critics considering the condensed runtime to be an improvement to the "daunting" 7G. Kayleigh Watson of The Line of Best Fit said "in the way that 7G meticulously unpicked Cook's innards so fans could see the master's mind at work, Apple weighs out the specifics and pours them into the melting pot".
Joe Vitagliano of American Songwriter said "Stepping back from the maximalism that is usually associated with the style, Apple presents a new way to think about what 'hyperpop' can be. Honestly, it presents a new way to think about what 'music' can be. Between the record's tear-jerker ballads, saw-clad dance tracks and alternate-universe Twain-esque pop cuts, Apple is a profound statement, proclaiming the artistic relevancy of an entire generation."
Dazed ranked the album as the 14th best of 2020.
Track listing
All tracks written and produced by Cook, except where noted.
Notes
signifies an additional producer
"Beautiful Superstar" interpolates Cook's 2016 single, "Superstar".
"Animals" is a cover of the Oneohtrix Point Never song of the same name.
"Airhead" interpolates elements of "Breaking Ground" by Hyd.
Personnel
Musicians
A. G. Cook – vocals , guitar , supersaw
Alaska Reid – vocals
Hyd – vocals
Caroline Polachek – vocals
Hannah Diamond – vocals
Ö – vocals
Technical
Stuart Hawkes – mastering
Geoff Swan – mixing
Niko Battistini – mixing assistance
Remix album
Release history
References
2020 albums
A. G. Cook albums
Albums produced by A. G. Cook
PC Music albums
Filić () is a village located in the Novi Kneževac municipality, in the North Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (60.24%) with a significant Hungarian minority (38.50%). It has a population of 161 people (2002 census).
Name
In Serbian the settlement is known as Filić (Филић) and in Hungarian as Firigyháza. Former name for the village used in Serbian was Firiđhaza (Фириђхаза) or Firiđhaz (Фириђхаз), and in some Serbian sources name of the village is also written as Firić (Фирић). Filić is also an Serbo-Croatian name for the Italian town of San Felice del Molise.
Historical population
1981: 192
1991: 170
2002: 161
See also
List of places in Serbia
List of cities, towns and villages in Vojvodina
References
Slobodan Ćurčić, Broj stanovnika Vojvodine, Novi Sad, 1996.
External links
Municipalities of Vojvodina
Populated places in Serbian Banat
Populated places in North Banat District
Novi Kneževac
The Saint Lucia women's national football team is the national women's football team of Saint Lucia and is overseen by the Saint Lucia Football Association.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
Coaching staff
Manager history
Sean Kirton (20??–20??)
Emmanuel Bellas (2021–)
Team
Current squad
The following players were selected to compete in the Caribbean Qualifiers for the CONCACAF 2020 Olympic Qualification Tournament.
Match dates: 30 September – 8 October 2019
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
CONCACAF W Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
See also
Sport in Saint Lucia
Football in Saint Lucia
Women's football in Saint Lucia
Saint Lucia men's national football team
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile
Caribbean women's national association football teams
women
Albert Y. Zomaya is currently the Chair Professor of High Performance Computing & Networking and Australian Research Council Professorial Fellow in the School of Information Technologies, The University of Sydney. He is also the Director of the Centre for Distributed and High Performance Computing. He is currently the Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Transactions on Sustainable Computing and Springer's Scalable Computing and Communications. He was past Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Computers.
Biography and education
Zomaya, an ethnic Assyrian, received his B.S. degree (1987) from Kuwait University in Electrical Engineering and PhD degree (1990) in Control Engineering from Sheffield University, United Kingdom.
Career
Zomaya held the CISCO Systems Chair Professor of Internetworking during the period 2002–2007 and also was Head of school for 2006–2007 in the same school. Prior to his current appointment he was a Full Professor in the School of Electrical, Electronic and Computer Engineering at the University of Western Australia, where he also led the Parallel Computing Research Laboratory during the period 1990–2002. He served as Associate–, Deputy–, and Acting–Head in the same department, and held numerous visiting positions and has extensive industry involvement. Professor Zomaya received his PhD from the Department of Automatic Control and Systems Engineering, Sheffield University in the United Kingdom.
Zomaya published more than 1000 scientific papers and articles and is author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He is currently the Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Transactions on Sustainable Computing and Springer's Scalable Computing and Communications and serves as an associate editor for 22 leading journals. He was past Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Transactions on Computers. Professor Zomaya is the Founding Editor of the Wiley Book Series on Parallel and Distributed Computing.
Honors
Zomaya is a Fellow of the IEEE, Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a Fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology, a Distinguished Engineer of the ACM and a Chartered Engineer (CEng). He received the 1997 Edgeworth David Medal by the Royal Society of New South Wales for outstanding contributions to Australian Science. He is the recipient of the IEEE Technical Committee on Parallel Processing Outstanding Service Award (2011), the IEEE Technical Committee on Scalable Computing Medal for Excellence in Scalable Computing (2011), and the IEEE Computer Society Technical Achievement Award (2014). His research interests are in the areas of complex systems, parallel and distributed computing, and green computing. In 2019 he was awarded the NSW Premier's Prize for "Excellence in Engineering or Information and Communications Technology". In 2020 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales, while in 2022 he became a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science.
Editing career and conferences
Professor Zomaya is the Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Sustainable Computing, the Founding Editor-in-Chief of the Springer's Scalable Computing and Communications Journal, and serves as an associate editor for another 20 journals including, ACM Computing Surveys, IEEE Transactions on Cloud Computing, and IEEE Transactions on Computational Social Systems. He was past Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Computers.
Books
Professor Zomaya is the author/co-author of more than 450 publications. . He has several books to his name:
Elloumi, M. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2013, 'Biological Knowledge Discovery Handbook: Preprocessing, Mining and Postprocessing of Biological Data', Wiley, New Jersey.
Khan, S.U., Wang, L. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2013, 'Scalable Computing and Communications: Theory and Practice', Wiley, New Jersey.
Sarbazi-Azad, H. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2013, 'Large Scale Network Centric Distributed Systems', Wiley, New Jersey.
Khan, S.U., Kolodziej, J., Li, J. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2013, 'Evolutionary Based Solutions for Green Computing', Springer-Verlag, New York.
Zomaya, A.Y. and Lee, Y.C., 2012, 'Energy Efficient Distributed Computing Systems', Wiley, New Jersey.
Elloumi, M. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2011, 'Algorithms in Computational Molecular Biology', Wiley, New Jersey.
Tabli, E. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2008, 'Grid Computing for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology', Wiley, New Jersey.
Salleh, S., Zomaya, A.Y., and Abu Bakar, S., 2008, 'Computing for Numerical Methods Using Visual C++', Wiley, New Jersey.
Zomaya, A.Y., 2006, 'Parallel Computing for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology: Models, Enabling Technologies and Case Studies', Wiley, New York.
Zomaya, A.Y., 2006, 'Handbook of Nature–Inspired and Innovative Computing: Integrating Classical Models with Emerging Technologies', Springer–Verlag, New York.
Olariu, S. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2006, 'Handbook of Bioinspired Algorithms and Applications', Chapman&Hall/CRC Press, Boca Raton, Florida.
Diab, B. H. and Zomaya, A.Y., 2005, 'Dependable Computing Systems: Paradigms, Performance Issues and Applications', Wiley, New York.
Salleh, S., Zomaya, A.Y., Olariu, S., and Sanugi, B., 2005, 'Numerical Simulations and Case Studies Using Visual C++.Net', Wiley, New Jersey.
Zomaya, A.Y., Ercal, F., and Olariu, S., 2001, 'Solutions to Parallel and Distributed Computing Problems: Lessons from Biological Sciences', Wiley, New York.
Fox, B., Jennings, L., and Zomaya, A.Y., 2000, 'Constrained Dynamics Computations: Models and Case Studies', World Scientific Publishing, London.
Salleh, S. and Zomaya, A.Y., 1999, 'Scheduling In Parallel Computing Systems: Fuzzy and Annealing Techniques', Kluwer Academic Publishers, USA.
Gill, M.C. and Zomaya, A.Y., 1998, 'Obstacle Avoidance in Multi–Robot Systems: Experiments in Parallel Genetic Algorithms', World Scientific Publishing, London.
Mills, P.M., Zomaya, A.Y., and Tade, M.O., 1996, 'Neuro–Adaptive Process Control: A Practical Approach', Wiley, United Kingdom, (with software).
Zomaya, A.Y., 1996, 'Parallel and Distributed Computing Handbook', McGraw–Hill, New York.
Zomaya, A.Y., 1996, 'Parallel Computing: Paradigms and Applications', International Thomoson Computer Press, London, United Kingdom.
Zomaya, A.Y., 1992, 'Modelling and Simulation of Robot Manipulators: A Parallel-Processing Approach, (World Scientific Series in Robotics and Automated Systems)', World Scientific Publishing, Singapore.
Selected awards and honours
The IEEE Computer Society's 2014 Technical Achievement Award, the citation reads “For outstanding contributions to the solution of scheduling problems in parallel and distributed computing systems”.
IEEE TCPP Outstanding Service and Contributions Award, the award recognises an individual (or a group of individuals) in the broader community who have made major professional service contribution to the parallel processing community. The award is sponsored by the IEEE Technical Committee on Parallel Processing (2011)
IEEE TCSC Medal of Excellence in Scalable Computing, the award recognises an individual who made significant and sustained contributions to the scalable computing community through the IEEE Technical Committee on Scalable Computing (TCSC), coupled with an outstanding record of high quality and high impact research (2011) (citation: For Significant Contributions through research, publications, software, systems, and board service)
Golden Core Recognition, IEEE Computer Society, IEEE, USA (2006)
Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) for ‘distinguished contributions to the development of scheduling techniques for parallel and distributed computing and the design of parallel algorithms' (2006)
Distinguished Engineer, The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). The Distinguished Engineer Grade recognises those ACM members with at least 15 years of professional experience and five years of continuous Professional Membership who have achieved significant accomplishments or have made a significant impact on the computing field (2006)
Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) for ‘contributions to the solution of scheduling problems in parallel computing systems' (2004)
Fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology (previously known as the Institution of Electrical Engineers–IEE), United Kingdom (2001)
Meritorious Service Award, IEEE Computer Society (2000)
Edgeworth David Medal, Royal Society of New South Wales, Australia, for ‘distinguished contributions to Australian science by a scientist under the age of 35' (1998)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Sydney faculty
University of Western Australia faculty
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Fellows of the Royal Society of New South Wales
Tilantapara (also written as Tilandapara) is a village in the Sabang CD block in the Kharagpur subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Tilantapara is located at .
Area overview
Kharagpur subdivision, shown partly in the map alongside, mostly has alluvial soils, except in two CD blocks in the west – Kharagpur I and Keshiary, which mostly have lateritic soils. Around 74% of the total cultivated area is cropped more than once. With a density of population of 787 per km2nearly half of the district's population resides in this subdivision. 14.33% of the population lives in urban areas and 86.67% lives in the rural areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Tilantapara had a total population of 1,593, of which 827 (52%) were males and 766 (48%) were females. There were 155 persons in the age range of 0–6 years. The total number of literate persons in Tilantapara was 3237 (91.96% of the population over 6 years).
.*For language details see Sabang (community development block)#Language and religion
Education
Tilantapara U.M.M. High School is a Bengali-medium co-educational institution established in 1965. It has facilities for teaching from class V to class XII. It has a library with 3,200 books, 3 computers and a playground.
Culture
David J. McCutchion mentions the Janaki Ballava temple as a pancharatna with smooth rekha turrets measuring 30' square, built in 1810/11. It has a porch on three arches. It has rich terracotta on three sides and stucco on the fourth.
References
Villages in Paschim Medinipur district
Tedd Koren (born 1950) is a chiropractor who created the Koren Specific Technique (KST) around 2004. Koren said he originated KST after practicing on himself to relieve his own pain. Koren wrote on his website that "KST is an analysis protocol not a chiropractic technique." He resides in Hatfield, Pennsylvania.
Biography
In 1977, Tedd graduated from Sherman College of Chiropractic in Spartanburg, South Carolina. He practiced as a chiropractor in Philadelphia, and during that time helped to found the (now defunct) Pennsylvania College of Chiropractic. Koren publishes brochures under the name Koren Publications, Inc. which is one of the most prolific publishers of chiropractic literature. His publications cover over 60 topics related to chiropractic care, with titles such as Allergies, Asthma & Emphysema, Blood Pressure, and more.
In 1995, Koren was under investigation by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) after an anonymous complaint for "false and misleading advertising". Koren rewrote a number of his pamphlets as a result of the proposed FTC consent order, given to him in 1997. No charges were pressed and the investigation was subsequently dropped in 2001.
In 2008, the World Federation of Chiropractic (WFC) accused Koren of "serious professional misconduct" by offering seminars in the technique to non-chiropractic practitioners.
Koren believes chiropractic is about more than treating back pain. He believes the chiropractic method of adjusting subluxations may have positive results that range from asthma to premenstrual syndrome according to his pamphlets.
References
External links
American chiropractors
Living people
1950 births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Sherman College of Chiropractic alumni
The 2001 Asian Junior Badminton Championships were held in Taipei Gymnasium, Taipei, Taiwan from 8–14 July. South Korea won four titles in the individuals event in the girs' singles, boys' doubles, girls' doubles and mixed doubles event, and the boys' singles title won by the Indonesian player. Malaysia and South Korea clinched the boys' and girls' team event respectively.
Medalists
Finals
Medal table
See also
List of sporting events in Taiwan
References
External links
Results at www.badminton.or.jp
Badminton Asia Junior Championships
Asian Junior Badminton Championships
Asian Junior Badminton Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Taiwan
2001 in youth sport
Manankoro is a town and seat of the commune of Sibirila in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Ivory Coast–Mali border crossings
The 2014–15 Utah State Aggies women's basketball team represents Utah State University in the 2014–15 college basketball season. The Aggies, led by third year head coach Jerry Finkbeiner. The Aggies played their home games at the Smith Spectrum and were second year members of the Mountain West Conference. They finish the season 8–23, 5–13 in Mountain West play in a tie to finish in tenth place. They lost in the first round of the Mountain West Women's Tournament to San Jose State.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002654; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002654; color:#FFFFFF;"| Non-Conference Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002654; color:#FFFFFF;"| Mountain West Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#002654; color:#FFFFFF;"|Mountain West Women's Tournament
See also
2014–15 Utah State Aggies men's basketball team
References
Utah State
Utah State Aggies women's basketball seasons
Aggies
Aggies
Camp Township may refer to:
Camp Township, Polk County, Iowa
Camp Township, Renville County, Minnesota
See also
Camp Creek Township, Pike County, Ohio
Hawa Football Club or simpler Hawa FC is a football team from Brunei. It is sometimes known as Hawa FT. The club was founded in 2014.
History
Hawa FC participated in the 2015 Telbru Futsal Premier League.
During 2017 Brunei Premier League, Hawa FC defeated Besa FC with a 5–1 win. But did not qualify for the second division in that season.
Mangellela FC was defeated 4–1 at Arena Football Field, Seria during the 2019 Belait District League. But was later defeated by Belait District Office FC (JDB) with a score 3–1. In which Hoist FC and KB FC went on to win the tournament.
Before the cancellation of the 2020 Belait District League, Hawa FC was participating in the tournament.
Hawa FC will be playing in the 2021 Belait District League.
Current squad
See also
List of football clubs in Brunei
References
Association football clubs established in 2014
Football clubs in Brunei
Works association football teams
Perast () is an old town in the Bay of Kotor in Montenegro. It is situated a few kilometres northwest of Kotor and is noted for its proximity to the islets of St. George and Our Lady of the Rocks.
History
According to the presumptions of the archaeologists, the first settlements appeared in the area of Perast in the Neolithic; There are also monuments of the Illyrian, Roman and early Christian periods. The city was founded by the Illyrians, named after one of the local tribes; Pirusti.
The first memories of Perast refer to 1336—at that time there was a small fishing village, which had a shipyard, and there were always several commercial and fishing boats in the harbor. But since the strategically important island of St George, which belonged to Kotor, is in the immediate vicinity, the development of Perast was going very slowly.
The prosperity of the city brought the Venetian period, and it was of particular importance in the border area around 1482, after taking the Turkish part of the coast from Herceg Novi to Risan. When a small village finally became a city, its inhabitants thought about reinforcements. The fortress of the Holy Cross and a dozen defensive towers were built. After the successfully held battles, Perast began to use some of the political and economic privileges, in particular, it had the right to guard the Venetian flag of St. Mark after 1654 by holding a siege by the Turks under the leadership of Mehmed-aga Rizvanagić. Pyotr Andreyevich Tolstoy traveled from Herceg Novi to Perast in 1698 and he wrote that in the town of Perast live Croats. He also recorded that there were no Orthodox churches in the city while Greek church exist in a village not far away and that Serbs of Greek faith live in the village which are military people similar to the Don Cossacks.
Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.
Geography
Perast lies beneath the hill of St Ilija (873 m), on a cape that separates the Bay of Risano from that of Kotor, and overlooks the Verige strait, the narrowest part of the Bay of Kotor. The average yearly temperature in Perast is 18.3°C, and the number of sunny days is 240 (or around 2,500 sunny hours per year).
Near Perast there are two islets: one is called Sveti Đorđe (St George) or Sveti Juraj and the other Gospa od Škrpjela (Our Lady of the Rocks), and each has a picturesque chapel. Gospa od Škrpjela is particularly interesting given that it is the only artificially-built island in the Adriatic, with an area of 3,030 m², it was built upon a rock (Škrpjel) after two Venetian sailors from Perast found a picture of the Virgin Mary on it in 1452.
Demographics
Out of total population of Perast, 121 are male, while 148 are female.
According to the 2011 census, the town had a total of 269 inhabitants, divided by ethnicity:
Notable people
Matija Zmajević, admiral of the Russian Navy
Andrija Zmajević, Baroque poet, the Archbishop of Antivari, and theologian
Krsto Zmajević, captain and merchant
Vicko Bujović, Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Zadar, Croatia
Tripo Kokolja, painter
Gallery
See also
Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor
References
External links
Information about Perast
Bay of Kotor Perast Travel Guide
Perast Attractions
Cities in ancient Illyria
Coastal towns in Montenegro
Mediterranean port cities and towns in Montenegro
Populated places in Bay of Kotor
Populated places in Kotor Municipality
Stato da Màr
Tourist attractions in Kotor
József Schweidel (; 18 May 1796, in Zombor (present-day Sombor) – 6 October 1849, in Arad) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army. He was executed for his part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
Life
He began his military career in the Austrian Imperial Army in the 4th hussar regiment as a cadet, and eventually as a captain. His mentor was József Simonyi (known as the famous "Simonyi óbester"). He fought in the Napoleonic wars, there in inner Alia, and at the Battle of Paris as well.
When the Revolution of 1848 broke out, he headed home from Vienna. When he returned he was reviewed by a board of judges in Hungary. His military ranking rose rapidly, first appointed to colonel, and after the battle of Schwechat where he was cited for bravery by the National Defense Committee, he was commissioned as general on 28 October 1848. On 9 May 1849 he became the commander of the Pest defense. Then after the advance of the Russian army he ordered a surrender.
Death
After being turned over to Austrian authorities, he pleaded for he and all others to be executed to be so by firing squad rather than hanging. This was initially denied for him and he was sentenced to death by hanging. However, at the pleas of his wife, his sentence was amended to be death by firing squad; seen as a more honourable death. He was in the fourth group to be executed.
Before his death he signed over his will to his wife on three sheets of paper, stating all his possessions were now hers "unless she should die of grief".
His wife, Bilinska (Bilinszka) Domicella, was of Polish descent (died Budapest, 23 March 1888 at 84 years old) married him in 1827, and bore him five children, including Béla Schweidel (†1916), who also participated in the struggle for freedom and was later detained in the dungeons of Arad, but was later released.
References
1796 births
1849 deaths
Hungarian-German people
People from Sombor
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
Aimo Cajander's second cabinet was the 10th Government of Finland. The cabinet existed from January 18, 1924 to May 31, 1924. It was a caretaker government, and its Prime Minister was Aimo Cajander.
Ministers
References
Cajander, 2
1924 establishments in Finland
1924 disestablishments in Finland
Cabinets established in 1924
Cabinets disestablished in 1924
Pharanyu Uppala (, born 9 June 1991) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Thai League 3 club Pattaya Dolphins United. He played in the Thai Premier League in 2016 for Pattaya United and in 2017 for Police Tero.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Pharanyu Uppala
Association football defenders
Pharanyu Uppala
Pharanyu Uppala
İnceğiz, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Brandon Robert Brown (born August 14, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Peristeri of the Greek Basket League and the Basketball Champions League. Throughout his career he has played in countries such as France, Russia, Poland, Romania, Bulgaria, Brazil, Australia, Cyprus and Greece.
Professional career
Brandon Brown won the 2018-19 Bulgarian Basketball Championship with Balkan Botevgrad.
Brown recalls that before he joined Cluj-Napoca, he had never played in front of 10,000 visitors before. During the 2021–22 Champions League season he led his team CS Universitatea Cluj-Napoca to the Quarterfinals. This placement exceeded expectations. Brown was one of the favorites to win the competition's MVP award. Other leading players on his side included Patrick Richard, Andrija Stipanović, Elijah Stewart or Dustin Hogue.
On July 2, 2022, Brown signed with Peristeri of the Greek Basket League and the Basketball Champions League. However, on September 11, 2022, he parted ways with the club due to a pressing family matter.
Personal
Brown grew up idolizing Kobe Bryant.
References
External links
Profile at Eurobasket.com
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in Brazil
American expatriate basketball people in Bulgaria
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Romania
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Washington (state)
Peristeri B.C. players
Point guards
University of Montana Western alumni
Juliana Augusta "Guus" Preitinger (also known as Guus van Dongen) (18 October 1878, in Cologne – 21 January 1946, in Paris) was a German-born Dutch painter who lived most of her adult life in Paris. She married the painter Kees van Dongen, and they had a son, who died as an infant, and a daughter together. They divorced in 1921. She had a career as a modern painter.
Early life and education
Juliana Augusta "Guus" Preitinger was born in 1878 in Cologne. Her family moved to Rotterdam, the Netherlands and became Dutch citizens. When she showed artistic talent as a child, her family encouraged her to get art training.
Preitinger and van Dongen first met as painting students at the art academy in Rotterdam. They decided to move to Paris together, and Preitinger went first to find work.
Marriage and family
They married on 11 July 1901 in Paris. The couple had a son, who died two days after he was born in December 1901. They had a daughter, Augusta, known as "Dolly", born on 18 April 1905. That year, the family moved to an apartment in the Bateau Lavoir in Montmartre, where they were neighbors and became friends with the artist Pablo Picasso and his companion Fernande Olivier.
In 1914, Guus took Dolly went to Rotterdam for the summer to see their families. The outbreak of World War I prevented them from returning to Paris until 1918. By then, Kees van Dongen had started a relationship with a married socialite, the fashion director Léa Alvin, also known as Jasmy Jacob. Augusta and Kees divorced in 1921.
Career
Preitinger continued her painting career in Paris and had an exhibit in 1921 at the Galerie Artes. She died in Paris in January 1946.
Notes
Sources
Artprice
External link
1878 births
1946 deaths
Dutch painters
Modern painters
Dutch women painters
German emigrants to the Netherlands
20th-century Dutch women artists
People of Montmartre
Artists from Cologne
Sabina-Francesca Foişor (born August 30, 1989) is a Romanian American chess player holding the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM). She competed in the Women's World Chess Championship in 2008 and 2017. Foisor won the US women's championship in 2017.
Chess career
Foisor won three medals at the European Youth Chess Championships in various age categories: one gold (girls U8 in 1996), one silver (girls U16 in 2004) and two bronze (girls U14 in 2003 and girls U18 in 2007). She represented Romania in the European Girls U18 Team Chess Championship in 2004 and 2007, winning three medals: two gold (2004 individual medal, 2007 team medal) and one bronze (2007 individual medal).
Foisor was awarded the titles Woman International Master (WIM) in 2005 and Woman Grandmaster (WGM) in 2007. She achieved the norms required for the WGM title at the Acropolis women's tournament in Athens in 2006 and European Individual Women's Chess Championship in Dresden in 2007.
Her result at 2007 European Women's Championship qualified her for the Women's World Chess Championship 2008 in Nalchik, Russia. The final armageddon tiebreak game of her first round match against Monika Soćko ended in controversy. Foisor only needed a draw to advance to the next round, and reached a drawn ending with each player having only a king and a knight. Although Foisor ran out of time, the arbiter initially ruled that the game was a draw. Soćko appealed, pointing out that what matters is not whether checkmate can be forced, but rather if it is possible. Soćko won the appeal and advanced to the next round, eliminating Foisor from the event.
In 2007, Foisor tied for first place with her mother, Cristina Adela Foisor, the Villard-de-Lans Open in France. In 2008, she tied for first in the Liege Master tournament in Boncelles, Belgium.
In 2008, Foisor transferred chess federations to represent the United States. Since 2010, she has represented the US in the Women's Chess Olympiad (2010, 2012, 2014, 2016) and the Women's World Team Chess Championship (2013, 2015, 2017). On April 9, 2017, Foisor won the U.S. Women's Chess Championship in St. Louis, Missouri.
Personal life
Both her parents, International Masters Cristina Adela Foișor and Ovidiu-Doru Foisor, were multiple Romanian chess championship medalists. Her younger sister, Mihaela-Veronica, is a chess player with the title of Woman International Master. Sabina-Francesca Foisor moved to the United States in 2008 to study at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County. She is engaged to GM Elshan Moradi – both live in Durham, NC.
References
Further reading
External links
(1995–2003)
1989 births
Living people
American female chess players
Romanian female chess players
Chess woman grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Sportspeople from Timișoara
Romanian emigrants to the United States
21st-century American women
Avignon Volley-Ball is a French professional Volleyball team based in Avignon, Vaucluse. It is playing in the Ligue B for the 2013/2014 season.
History
Initially, the Volley-ball team was a part of the Rugby league team of Avignon (SOA XIII), but in 1961 the club became independent.
In 1996, "AVB" achieved its highest ranking in French volleyball league, finishing at the fourth place and qualifying for the CEV European cup.
In 1997, the team also qualified for the CEV cup, due to their participation in the French volley-ball cup final but lost against Paris Université Club 1-3.
They were eliminated on the first round by the Avtomobilist St Petersburg.
In the 2011/2012 season, they won their third "second division" title and were promoted to French volleyball league.
Achievements
Coupe de France
Runners-up : 1997
Pro B (second division) (3)
Champion : 1999, 2000, 2012,
Squad 2013/2014
Previous players
Loïc De Kergret
Romain Vadeleux
Frédéric Havas
Matti Hietanen
Mark McGivern
Eemi Tervaportti
Nathan French
Mariusz Sordyl
Delano Thomas
Mariusz Szyszko
Vladimir Samsonov
Ruslans Sorokins
Élysée Ossosso
External links
Official site
French volleyball clubs
Volleyball in France
Sykes' monkey (Cercopithecus albogularis), also known as the white-throated monkey or Samango monkey, is an Old World monkey found between Ethiopia and South Africa, including south and east Democratic Republic of Congo. It is named after English naturalist Colonel William Henry Sykes (1790-1872), and has been considered conspecific with the blue monkey (which in turn has included the golden and silver monkey), but has a large white patch on the throat and upper chest, and a grizzled (not blackish) cap.
Subspecies
The 12 subspecies of Sykes' monkey are:
C. a. albogularis – Zanzibar Sykes' monkey
C. a. albotorquatus – Pousargues' Sykes' monkey
C. a. erythrarchus – white-throated guenon
C. a. francescae
C. a. kibonotensis
C. a. kolbi - Mount Kenya Sykes' monkey
C. a. labiatus – rhite-lipped monkey or Samango monkey
C. a. moloneyi
C. a. monoides
C. a. phylax
C. a. schwarzi
C. a. zammaranoi – Zammarano's white-throated guenon
References
External links
Sykes' monkey
Mammals of Ethiopia
Mammals of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mammals of Zambia
Mammals of Tanzania
Mammals of South Africa
Taxa named by William Henry Sykes
Sykes' monkey
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Chris Nance (October 12, 1940, Charlottesville, Virginia — October 27, 2014, New York City) was an American conductor and music educator. Primarily active as an opera conductor, he served on the conducting staff of the New York City Opera from 1969-1974 and was the music administrator and conductor of the Houston Grand Opera from 1974-1977. Thereafter he worked as a freelance conductor with opera companies throughout the world. He became particularly associated with George Gershwin's Porgy and Bess for which he was frequently hired to conduct at opera houses both in the United States and abroad.
Life and career
Born in Charlottesville, Virginia, Nance earned a bachelor of music degree from the University of Southern California in 1963 where he was a conducting pupil of Ingolf Dahl. He then joined the music faculty at Louisiana State University where he taught from 1963–1969. He left that position to pursue summer graduate studies in conducting under Walter Ducloux at the University of Texas at Austin where he earned a master's degree in 1972.
While a student at the University of Texas at Austin, Nance began his conducting career as the chorus master at the New York City Opera from 1969-1974. In 1970 he began taking on conducting assignments at the NYCO, beginning with Rigoletto. Over the next four years he led performances of Carmen, Cavalleria Rusticana, La Traviata, Lucia di Lammermoor, Madama Butterfly, and Pagliacci. In 1974 he left the NYCO to become the music administrator and conductor of the Houston Grand Opera. He notably led performances of the lauded 1976 HGO productions of George Gershwin's Porgy and Bess and Scott Joplin's Treemonisha; taking both shows on National tours.
Nance left the HGO in 1977 and began working as a freelance conductor on the international stage. Porgy and Bess became a calling card of his, with him leading performances of the work at the Calgary Opera, the Cologne Opera, the Dutch National Opera, the Florentine Opera, the Leipzig Opera, the Prinzregententheater in Munich, Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, the Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi in Trieste, the Teatro Municipale in Reggio Emilia, Theater am Goetheplatz in Bremen, the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris, the Tokyo Bunka Kaikan, the Tulsa Opera, the Vienna State Opera, and the Zurich Opera among others.
In 1983 Nance made his conducting debut with the Los Angeles Opera, leading the United States premiere of Iain Hamilton's Anna Karenina. He conducted that work again in 1985 for his debut with the English National Opera. That same year he conducted the world premiere performance of Hamilton's Lancelot at the Arundel Festival.
In 1989 Nance returned to the NYCO as a freelancer after a long absence, leading the company in performances of La Bohème that included Renée Fleming in her debut role with the company as Mimi. He worked for the company on several more productions over the next three years, including conducting performances of Kurt Weil's Street Scene (1990), Gilbert and Sullivan's The Mikado (1990), Frank Loesser's The Most Happy Fella (1991) and Sigmund Romberg's The Desert Song (1992).
Nance also enjoyed lengthy and fruitful associations freelance conducting with the Cincinnati Opera, New Orleans Opera Association, Hawaii Opera Theatre and Opera Grand Rapids. Other companies he conducted for during his career include the Pittsburgh Opera, the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City and at the San Antonio Opera among others. He died in New York City in 2014 at the age of 74.
References
1940 births
2014 deaths
American male conductors (music)
Music directors (opera)
Music educators
Louisiana State University faculty
Musicians from Charlottesville, Virginia
Thornton School of Music alumni
University of Texas at Austin College of Fine Arts alumni
Classical musicians from Virginia
20th-century American conductors (music)
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American conductors (music)
21st-century American male musicians
Kenneth Allen Fox is an American entrepreneur and investor.
Early life and education
Fox grew up in the suburbs of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he started his first business at the age of 15, later graduating from Pennsylvania State University, with a B.S. in economics. He led the formation of The Fox Challenge at Pennsylvania State University. He completed his first IPO at 29.
Career
Stripes
In 2008, Fox founded Stripes, LLC, a Manhattan-based growth equity firm that invests in software-as-a-service (SaaS), and branded consumer products companies. He is actively involved with Stripes portfolio companies Pleo, Monday.com, ON Running, Reformation, Udemy, Stella & Chewy's, GoFundMe, Levain, Kareo, Erewhon, Snyk, Axonius, Fireblocks and Collectors Universe.
ICG
Fox co-founded the Internet Capital Group (ICG) in 1995 and ICG Asia, a Hong Kong-listed company later sold to Hutchison Whampoa.
Safeguard Scientifics
Fox worked as Director of West Coast operations for Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. from 1994 to 1996.
He is also a co-founder of A10 Capital, a commercial mortgage lender.
Honors and awards
Fox was named the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year in 2000. He won the Golden Plate Award from the American Academy of Achievement, and was named by the Industry Standard as the Most Innovative B2B Executive.
Personal life
Fox is a board member of the TEAK Fellowship, a Development Partner of Acumen, and a supporter of code.org.
References
External links
American financiers
Businesspeople from Philadelphia
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kuwaiti Persian, known in Kuwait as ʿīmi (sometimes spelled Eimi) is a combination of different varieties of the Persian language and Achomi language that has been spoken in Kuwait for more than 300 years. Persian was spoken since the foundation of Kuwait, especially in the Sharq district of the historical Kuwait City, where families that emigrated from Persia had settled.
Kuwaitis of Iranian ancestry are called Ajam (). After conducting research about the usage of Persian language in Kuwait in 2004, Abdulmuhsen Dashti, a professor at Kuwait University, projects that the Persian language will disappear in Ajam families within two generations.
History
Iranians have been migrating to Kuwait for many centuries. Historically, Persian ports provided most of Kuwait's economic needs. Marafi Behbahani was one of the first merchants to settle in Kuwait in the 18th century. The vast majority of Shia Kuwaiti citizens are of Iranian ancestry. However, many Kuwaitis of Iranian origin are Sunni Muslims - such as the Al-Kandari and Awadhi families of Larestani ancestry. Some Kuwaitis of Iranian Balochi origin are Sunni. Balochi families first immigrated to Kuwait in the 19th century. Although historically the term Ajam included both Sunni and Shia in Kuwait, nowadays in modern-day Kuwait, the term Ajam almost exclusively refers to Shia only; which is partly due to political sensitivities following the 1979 Iranian Revolution.
Most Ajam (both Sunni and Shia) resided in the Sharq historical district in the old Kuwait City, thereby forming a linguistic enclave which preserved the language for generations. They communicated in Persian between each other, and did not frequently mingle with Arabic speakers who resided in other districts. The discovery of petroleum oil in 1937 resulted in the industrialization of the formerly residential areas, which scattered people who lived there into the suburbs. The linguistic enclave was not present any longer therefore the Ajam had to learn Kuwaiti Arabic to survive in the new environment.
The Persian emigrants spoke a variety of dialects and sub-dialects. This mixture came to be called ʿīmi ([language] of the Ajam in both Arabic and Persian), over generations, the variety of Persian spoken today by Ajam developed. As all Ajam acquired Kuwaiti Arabic by time, Kuwaiti Persian is expected to be gone within no more than two generations. Older Ajam people who still speak Persian are bilingual in both Kuwaiti Arabic and Persian, while younger Ajam nowadays are native speakers of Kuwaiti Arabic only.
The majority of Kuwaitis from Failaka Island are of Iranian ancestry. They originally migrated to Failaka from the Iranian coast, mainly Kharg Island and Bandar Lengeh. These people are commonly known as the Huwala in the GCC states. They are predominantly Sunni Muslims and speak Arabic fluently, although prior to the discovery of oil they also spoke Persian fluently. The most important Huwala settlement in Failaka Island pertained to 40 families who migrated from the Iranian island Kharg to Failaka in the years 1841-1842. The most recent settlement occurred in the early 1930s after the imposition of the unveiling law by Reza Shah. A minority of Failaka Island's Kuwaiti families are Shia Persians, they were noted as having their own hussainiyas and the older generations were frequent Arabic speakers, unlike the Kuwaiti Shia of Persian origin in mainland Kuwait City at the time.
Linguistics
ʿīmi has no official status and it is not standardised. As a koiné language, ʿīmi is often seen as a "childish" patois by the public.
Below is a table the compares some words in Kuwaiti and Standard Persian, as collected by Batoul Hasan. Some changes seen in Kuwaiti Persian are also common in other non-standard Persian dialects in Iran as well.
Attitudes
The anti-preservation attitude of the Kuwaiti government towards the Persian language led and will eventually lead to the disappearance of the language in the Kuwaiti society, as Abdulmuhsen Dashti projects. The government tried and tries to delegitimise the use of ʿīmi in as many domains as possible.
Some Ajam reported unwillingness to pass the language to future generations for pragmatic reasons, as it will hurdle integration into the dominant culture. The minority group may feel pressure to abandon ties that could be interpreted as showing belonging to other countries, in this case Iran, as Persian is synonymous with Iranian for a lot of Kuwaitis, and the Persian language is actually called Iranian (Kuwaiti Arabic: ) in Kuwaiti Arabic. In several interviews conducted by PhD student Batoul Hasan, several have shown hesitation to use or learn Persian due to stigmatisation and prejudice. One person said: "We live in an Arab country where Arabic is the main language and Eimi has no place in this society.", "Speaking Eimi is a sensitive issue that could erupt. It would be more acceptable to speak Israeli (Hebrew) in public, but when you speak Farsi due to societies prejudices you are asking for problems". Many thought that Persian has no place and no use in the Kuwaiti society, as Arabic is the language of Kuwait (according to them). Multilingualism was not favourable, in the eyes of people interviewed by Batoul, unless it involved the acquisition of Arabic and English. Some people even believed that the acquisition of Kuwaiti Persian as a first or second language may affect the acquisition of Arabic.
Persian language in Kuwait
In the educated circle, Persian is seen as a language with high cultural value. According to an Iranian cultural advisor to Kuwait, Khameyar said that a lot of Kuwaitis speak Persian proudly. He also added that many state officials carry conversations in Persian; including non-Ajam Kuwaitis who speak and answer in Persian with embassy officials. Khameyar also expressed his surprise from the reception their Persian language courses had received.
Persian is taught in many institutes across Kuwait, including academic institutes, such as Kuwait University, diplomatic cultural institutes, such as the Iranian Embassy cultural office, language institutes, such as Berlitz, and religious institutes, such as Al-Imam Al-Mujtaba seminaries.
The Persian language in general has been considered a threat by some Sunni Islamists. In 2012, MP Muhammad Hassan al-Kandari called for a "firm action" against an advertisement for teaching Persian. The Kuwaiti TV series Karimo received some criticism for showing Kuwaiti actors speaking fluent Persian; with some claiming it is a dictated enforcement of "Iranian culture" on the Kuwaiti society.
Further reading
The Persian Dialects of the Ajam in Kuwait
Dénes Gazsi - The University of Iowa - The Persian Dialects of the ʿAjam in Kuwait
The Persian Dialects of the Ajam in Kuwait
Ideology, identity, and linguistic capital: a sociolinguistic investigation of language shift among the Ajam of Kuwait. Batoul Hasan. 2009. The University of Essex.
See also
'Ajam of Kuwait: Kuwaitis of Iranian ancestry.
Kuwaiti Arabic: The variety of Arabic spoken by almost all Kuwaitis (including Ajam). It had a lot of influence on Kuwaiti Persian (and vice versa).
Tarakma: Also called Lamerd, from where many Ajam have emigrated.
Notes
References
Languages of Kuwait
Persian dialects and varieties
Endangered Indo-European languages
Bruno Ecuele Manga (born 16 July 1988) is a Gabonese professional footballer who plays for the Gabon national team. He is known for being a tough tackler.
After beginning his career with FC 105 Libreville in his home country, joined French side Bordeaux in 2006. He played for the club's reserve side and spent time on loan with lower division side Rodez but only one appearance for the senior side, before being released in 2008. He subsequently joined Ligue 2 side Angers, making more than 50 appearances in two seasons before joining Lorient in 2010 for a fee of €2.5 million.
He made his Ligue 1 debut with Lorient and went on to make more than 100 appearances in the top tier of French football. He was appointed club captain ahead of the 2012–13 season and remained in the role until 2014 when he signed for Championship side Cardiff City for €5 million. He spent four seasons in the division before helping the club win promotion to the Premier League after finishing as Championship runners-up in the 2017–18 season.
Manga made his international debut for Gabon in 2006 and has accumulated 87 caps to date, representing the side at four Africa Cups of Nations tournaments.
Club career
Early career
Ecuele Manga began his career in his homeland with FC 105 Libreville, before being recommended to French Ligue 1 side Girondins de Bordeaux by Alain Giresse who was manager of the Gabon national team. After being involved in the club's preseason fixtures under manager Laurent Blanc, Ecuele Manga made his competitive debut for Bordeaux, making his first start, in the Matchday Six, in a 3–2 win over Panionios. However, he never played a league game for the club, and spent time on loan at Rodez.
At the end of his contract, he was signed on a free transfer by Angers on a three-year deal, lasting until 2011. There, Ecuele Manga was joined by two Gabonese compatriots, Arsène Do Marcolino and Fabrice Do Marcolino. Ecuele Manga made his Angers' debut in the opening game of the season, in a 0–0 draw against Bastia. He scored his first goal for the club on 24 October 2008, in a 2–0 win over Tours. On 3 March 2009, Ecuele Manga signed a new contract with the club, extending his deal until 2012. This came after a series impressive display at Angers caught attracted attention from several other clubs. In his first season at Angers, Ecuele Manga made thirty appearances, scoring twice.
Ahead of the 2009–10 season, Ecuele Manga was on the verge of joining Rennes in a deal worth €4 million. However, the move never happened. Ecuele Manga was absent at the start of the season and his first appearance came in a 0–0 draw against Strasbourg on 2 October. In his second game of the season against Strasbourg on 5 March 2010, Ecuele Manga scored the first brace of his career, in a 2–1 win. In his second season at Angers, Ecuele Manga made twenty-eight appearances, scoring three times. While at Angers, Ecuele Manga became an integral part of their defence set up, establishing himself in the first team. He later explained his departure from Angers.
Lorient
During the 2010 summer transfer window, he joined FC Lorient for €2.5 million, and became a first team regular in Ligue 1 as a replacement for Laurent Koscielny who left Lorient for Arsenal.
Ecuele Manga made his Lorient debut in the opening game of the season, making his first start, in a 2–2 draw against Auxerre. Ecuele Manga was soon sidelined after injuring his hamstring in training, an injury that caused him to miss two matches in late-November. His season was further disrupted in mid-February when he injured his thigh. After making his return in a 3–3 draw against Arles-Avignon on 12 March 2011, Ecuele Manga scored his first Lorient goal, in a 3–1 loss against Montpellier on 11 May 2011. In his first season at Lorient, Ecuele Manga scored once in thirty-one appearances for the club.
Ecuele Manga's second season with the club started when he played as center-back in the first-twelve matches (including scoring his first goal of the season against Brest on 29 October 2011) until he was absent through injury and suspension. While on the sidelines, Ecuele Manga signed a new contract with the club, extending his deal until 2015. He made his return in early-December, in a 4–0 loss against Montpellier. On 17 March 2012, Ecuele Manga scored his second goal of the season, in a 2–1 win over Brest. Though scoring twice in thirty-two appearances in his second season, Ecuele Manga's agent announced that Ecuele Manga will stay at the club following a re–ignited interests from clubs around Europe.
At the start of the 2012–13 season, Ecuele Manga was appointed as the new captain of Lorient after replacing Fabien Audard. However, in the opening game of the season in a 2–2 draw against Paris Saint-Germain, Ecuele Manga injured his ligament, and he had to come off, as second half had just started and then it was announced that Ecuele Manga would be out for six months. After a six months absence, he made his return on 26 January 2013, in a 2–1 loss against Nancy. Ecuele Manga then scored his first goal of the season, in the Round of 16 of Coupe de France, in a 3–0 win over Brest. Ecuele Manga's captaincy came into question after Lorient lost 5–0 against Lille on 7 April 2013. In response, he reminded himself to take responsibilities as a captain. With the sideline kept Ecuele Manga for a long time, Ecuele Manga made seventeen appearances and scored once.
In the 2013–14 season, Ecuele Manga continued to remain Lorient captain throughout the season and captained thirty-three matches out of thirty-five appearances he made. Ecuele Manga scored his first goal for the club on 1 March 2014, in a 1–1 draw against Bastia. Ecuele Manga was absence for three matches, due to a knee injury occurring in late-February and a red card in May, which saw him suspended for one match. During the season, Ecuele Manga "won 119 aerial duels more than any other player".
Having received a red card in his second final game for Lorient, Ecuele Manga was suspended for the opening game of the 2014–15 season for Lorient and after making his return, Ecuele Manga captained once in his three appearances by the end of August. After Monaco announced their interest signing Ecuele Manga, Ecuele Manga hinted leaving Lorient, quoting: "I want to see something else, to have other challenges." With a one-year contract left at Lorient, there is slim chance for Ecuele Manga leave at the end of the transfer window.
Cardiff City
On 1 September 2014, Bruno Ecuele Manga signed for Welsh club Cardiff City for €5 million, keeping him until 2017.
Ecuele Manga then made his Cardiff City debut, making his first start, in a 1–0 loss against Middlesbrough on 16 September 2014. Ecuele Manga scored his first Cardiff City goal, in a 3–1 win over Leeds United two months later on 1 November 2014. However, Ecuele Manga was on the sideline after injuring his knee during a match against Bolton Wanderers and his international commitment and made his return for his thirteenth start of the season, in a 3–2 loss against Brentford on 20 December 2014.
Ecuele Manga was on the sideline again for his international commitment after being included for the Africa Cup of Nations. Ecuele Manga made his return, on 7 February 2015, in a 1–1 draw against Sheffield Wednesday. Ecuele Manga then scored his second goal of the season, in a 3–1 win over Rotherham United on 3 March 2015 and then his third goal came, a week later on 17 March 2015, in a 1–1 draw against Bournemouth. Ecuele Manga's impressive in his first season led calls for him to be named "Cardiff City's player of the season" by Wales Online.
During the pre-season, Ecuele Manga picked up a knee injury resulting in him missing out on the start of the season. Making his first appearance in the League Cup win over AFC Wimbledon and then being dropped back to the bench for the league games that followed. Whilst on international duty in September, he picked up a groin injury and was ruled out for two months. Ecuele Manga made his return to the first team coming on as a substitute for the injured, Sean Morrison against Birmingham City.
Despite another injury ridden season, Ecuele Manga was offered a new contract by manager, Neil Warnock, which was signed on 27 June 2017. He made a total of 43 appearances as Cardiff finished 2nd in the league, to earn promotion to the Premier League. He scored his only goal of the season in a 4–1 over Mansfield Town in the FA Cup.
Manga scored Cardiff's first goal of 2018–19 season in a 3–1 loss to Norwich City in the Football League Cup.
Dijon
On 19 July 2019, he completed a move to French side Dijon FCO.
International career
Born in Libreville, Gabon, Ecuele Manga was called up by Gabon in 2006.In 2012, he played in all 4 national team matches at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. As a result, Gabon reached the quarterfinals. In July 2012, Ecuele Manga represented Gabon at the 2012 Olympic Games held in London. However, they were eliminated in the group stage.
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Gabon's goal tally first, score column lists each Ecuele Manga goal.
Honours
Cardiff City
EFL Championship runner-up: 2017–18
Gabon
King's Cup third place: 2018
Individual
Cardiff City Player of the Year: 2014–15
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Libreville
Gabonese footballers
Gabon international footballers
Association football defenders
FC 105 Libreville players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
Rodez AF players
Angers SCO players
FC Lorient players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Dijon FCO players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
English Football League players
Premier League players
2010 Africa Cup of Nations players
2012 Africa Cup of Nations players
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
2017 Africa Cup of Nations players
Olympic footballers of Gabon
Footballers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Gabonese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Wales
Gabonese expatriate sportspeople in France
Gabonese expatriate sportspeople in Wales
21st-century Gabonese people
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Le Relais des Mousquetaires are rural convenience stores, founded in 1989. Their key principal is to "bring life back to the villages and combat the rural exodus" and offer basic products that are needed in these small isolated villages. According to the website, 'Le Relais des Mousquetaires is a store which meets a requirement: to perform the role of the village grocery so that people who have chosen to live in even the most isolated villages can find supplies close at hand and at the best prices.'
History
The first Relais mini-store was set up in 1989 on the island of L'île-aux-Moines to assist the weekly boat. With a small sales area, these mini-stores offer basic essential foodstuffs. Some mini-stores offer additional products and services such as bread, toys, magazines and papers, gas bottles, photographic services, etc.
References
Retail companies of France
In mathematics, an elliptic hypergeometric series is a series Σcn such that the ratio
cn/cn−1 is an elliptic function of n, analogous to generalized hypergeometric series where the ratio is a rational function of n, and basic hypergeometric series where the ratio is a periodic function of the complex number n. They were introduced by Date-Jimbo-Kuniba-Miwa-Okado (1987) and in their study of elliptic 6-j symbols.
For surveys of elliptic hypergeometric series see , or .
Definitions
The q-Pochhammer symbol is defined by
The modified Jacobi theta function with argument x and nome p is defined by
The elliptic shifted factorial is defined by
The theta hypergeometric series r+1Er is defined by
The very well poised theta hypergeometric series r+1Vr is defined by
The bilateral theta hypergeometric series rGr is defined by
Definitions of additive elliptic hypergeometric series
The elliptic numbers are defined by
where the Jacobi theta function is defined by
The additive elliptic shifted factorials are defined by
The additive theta hypergeometric series r+1er is defined by
The additive very well poised theta hypergeometric series r+1vr is defined by
Further reading
References
Hypergeometric functions
Suzanne Voute (12 March 1922, Poitiers – 3 December 2001, Marseilles) was a militant Left Communist active in France from the 1940s. She became a member of the team, alongside Maximilien Rubel and Michel Jacob who translated much of the work of Karl Marx into French for Gallimard.
In 1942 she played a key role in organising the International Communist Left in Marseilles. However she soon came into conflict with Robert Salama and Marc Chirik. She worked with Ottorino Perrone writing the Appeal to all revolutionary militants which appeared in May 1945 and which led to the foundation of the Fraction Française de la Gauche Communiste Internationale (FFGCI) which also included a number of Italian refugees based in France. The group was linked to the Internationalist Communist Party which had just been founded.
References
2001 deaths
1922 births
Left communists
Marxologists
HMS Penylan was a destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was a member of the third subgroup of the class, and saw service in the Second World War, before being sunk by German E-boats in 1942.
Construction and commissioning
Penylan was ordered on 23 August 1940 under the 1940 War Emergency Programme from Vickers-Armstrongs, Barrow-in-Furness. She was laid down as Job No J3585 on 4 June 1941 and launched on 17 March 1942. She was commissioned into service on 25 August 1942, and after working up, was assigned to the 1st Destroyer Flotilla. She was adopted by the civil community of the Borough and Rural District of Carmarthen as part of Warship Week during 1942.
Service
Penylan sailed to Scapa Flow in September and spent the rest of the month working up with ships of the Home Fleet, after which she sailed to Portsmouth. She had to put into a commercial shipyard in London on 22 October after a number of defects came to light. She was under repair until 9 November when she sailed to Portsmouth and joined the 1st Destroyer Flotilla on patrol in the English Channel. She was deployed on 1 December to escort convoy PW-257. The convoy was attacked by E-boats on 3 December, and Penylan was torpedoed and sunk five miles south of Start Point by the E-boat S115. Five officers and 112 ratings were rescued. She was the shortest lived of the Hunts, spending only 30 days on active service. The wreck is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.
References
Publications
English, John (1987). The Hunts: a history of the design, development and careers of the 86 destroyers of this class built for the Royal and Allied Navies during World War II. England: World Ship Society. .
External sources
HMS Penylan's wartime career
Penylan at Uboat.net
SI 2008/0950 Designation under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986
Hunt-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
Ships built in Barrow-in-Furness
1942 ships
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
Protected Wrecks of the United Kingdom
World War II shipwrecks in the English Channel
Maritime incidents in December 1942
Küçükaltınbulak, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Górki Borze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Eubranchus leopoldoi is a species of sea slug or nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.
Distribution
This species was described from Punta Mona, Manzanillo, Costa Rica. It has been reported from the Bahamas.
References
Eubranchidae
Gastropods described in 2001
Eburia bimaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae found in Antigua and Barbuda.
References
bimaculata
Beetles described in 1912
Taku Sugimoto, born December 20, 1965, in Tokyo, is a Japanese guitarist.
He initially gained attention in the late 1990s for his restrained, melodic playing, unusual in the world of free improvisation. Critic Bruce Russell describes this era of Sugimoto's music by writing: "Sugimoto is perhaps the pre-eminent stylist on the guitar ... He brings a golden glow to every session he partakes in, having abandoned amped up noise in favour of a much more introspective and calligraphic style of play."
Around 2002 his music became increasingly abstract, all but eliminating melody and featuring extended periods of silence.
He has collaborated with other Japanese musicians involved in the Onkyo movement, such as Sachiko M, Toshimaru Nakamura and Otomo Yoshihide. He has also collaborated with musicians from European free improvisation scenes, notably trombonist Radu Malfatti and guitarist Keith Rowe.
References
External links
Taku Sugimoto's Home Page
Free improvisation
Electroacoustic improvisation
Japanese guitarists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Japanese experimental musicians
Félix Juan Serrallés IV (born June 24, 1992) is a Puerto Rican racing driver. After gathering two second-place finishes in the Caribbean Karting Championship, Serrallés joined the Skip Barber National Championship and finished third. Afterwards, he was recruited by Fortec Motorsport and moved to Europe, where he debuted in the Formula Renault. By 2012, Serrallés had fully adapted to formula racing, remaining in the run for the British Formula 3 Championship until the final race of the season and eventually finishing third. After being sidelined by a back injury for most of 2013, he joined Team West-Tec for the 2014 season of the European Formula 3 Championship.
Early years
Félix Juan Serrallés IV was born on 24 June 1992 in Ponce, Puerto Rico. He is the grandson of Puerto Rican Don Q rum magnate Félix Juan Serrallés Jr., the president of Destilería Serrallés headquartered in the same town and grandson of the late Puerto Rican entrepreneur, industrialist and inventor Efraín D. Vassallo Ruíz of Industrias Vassallo fame.
Career
Karting
Serrallés began his racing career in karting at the age of ten and was runner-up in the Caribbean Championship in both 2004 and 2005.
Skip Barber National Championship
After winning a scholarship in 2009 Skip Barber Shootout, Serrallés became a Mazdaspeed Development Driver and had a season in Skip Barber National Championship, where he finished third with two wins.
Formula Renault
In 2010, Serrallés raced in Europe, taking part in the Formula Renault UK Winter Cup for Fortec Motorsport as a guest driver. He continued his collaboration with Fortec into 2011 and the Formula Renault Eurocup, scoring eight points-scoring finishes on his way to twelfth place in the series standings. He also appeared in Formula Renault UK in twelve of the season's twenty races as a guest driver and the Formula Renault UK Finals Series, where he claimed two podiums and finished eighth overall.
Toyota Racing Series
Serrallés contested the Toyota Racing Series in January and February 2012 with Giles Motorsport, finishing ninth in the championship with a win at the New Zealand Grand Prix meeting at Manfield.
Formula Three
On 4 January 2012, it was announced that Serrallés had rejoined Fortec Motorsports for a season in the British Formula 3 Championship. At the opening round of the season at Oulton Park, Serrallés qualified on the front row for the third race of the meeting, and after beating Carlin's Jack Harvey off the grid, Serrallés held his own in the lead and eventually claimed victory, becoming the first Puerto Rican to win in the series. He added a second victory a week later at Monza, winning the second race of the meeting in torrential rain.
Indy Lights
In 2015 Serallés drives for Belardi Auto Racing in the Indy Lights Series.
Racing record
Career summary
As Serrallés was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.
Complete FIA Formula 3 European Championship results
(key)
Indy Lights
Complete Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup results
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ponce, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican racing drivers
British Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Toyota Racing Series drivers
British Formula Three Championship drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
FIA Formula 3 European Championship drivers
Indy Lights drivers
U.S. F2000 National Championship drivers
Carlin racing drivers
Blancpain Endurance Series drivers
Belardi Auto Racing drivers
Mücke Motorsport drivers
Team West-Tec drivers
Jo Zeller Racing drivers
Fortec Motorsport drivers
Mercedes-AMG Motorsport drivers
Nemesio Camacho Macías (November 1869 - 7 May 1929) was a Colombian businessman and politician. The Stadium Nemesio Camacho in Bogotá is named after him.
He was the manager of the Bank of the Republic, the Colombian Train of the Pacific and the Tramways of Bogotá. He was also Ministry of Finance and Public Credit appointed by the President Rafael Reyes.
His son Luis Camacho Matiz, was the person who offered the land where the stadium would be constructed.
Biography
Nemesio Camacho Macias (Subachoque, Colombia, November 1869 - Paris, France, May 7, 1929) was a Colombian lawyer, politician, and businessman. He was a minister, senator and the chief of the Central Bank of Bogota Tram and Pacific Railroad. His son Luis Camacho donated the land which was called "El Campin" to build the football stadium that bears his name in Bogota.
Nemesio Camacho was born in the town of Subachoque (Cundinamarca) in November 1869, the same year his mother, Isabel Macias, died. In 1882 he was admitted to study at the College of San Bartolomé in Bogotá and in the same year, his father, Silverio Camacho, died. Later studied in literature National University, but he interrupted his studies to study philosophy and law at the External University ending in 1890. He obtained a law degree with "outstanding acclaim". At their level, opening a law office and exercising the right to 1895, when the civil war begins, and he financially supports and funds generals Servant Sarmiento and Rafael Uribe in the Company of the West. At this time he was appointed director of the Liberal Party and is postulated as a candidate for president with John the Evangelist Manrique and Miguel Samper .
After the war, he returned to his trade as a lawyer until 1905, when capital brings Pepe Sierra to the creation of the Central Bank and is appointed manager, a position he held until August 1907. In the same year, 1905 Rafael Reyes closed the Congress and Nemesio Camacho was elected representative in the Assembly of Cundinamarca. In 1908 it is part of society that is responsible for organizing the concession for the construction of the Pacific Railway and the following year associates on a Milk Producers Cooperative.
The President Rafael Reyes was appointed Minister of Public Works and Development in 1908 and between April and May 1909 provisionally assumed in the Ministry of Finance and Treasury for resignation of Jorge Holguin, while these charges was developed infrastructure such as the layout intercity roads and railways, and installation of electrical service in various municipalities.
Owned by Nemesio Camacho in Bogota's historic center, designed in 1909 by French architect Gaston Lelarge .
At the end of his work as a minister is appointed manager Pacific Railroad by the board, holding the position between 1910 and 1915. In 1910 he supported the presidential candidate Carlos E. Restrepo and is a member of the Constituent Assembly that drafted the Constitutional Reform of the same year. In 1912 was one of the initiators and founders of the Olympia Theatre in Bogota on society formed by brothers John and Donato Di Domenico. 1 In 1913 participated in the Convention of the Liberal Party led by General Rafael Uribe Uribe and the following year assumed again Party leadership after the assassination of Rafael Uribe. He served twice as the office of Senator and House Representative by the Colombian Liberal Party . 4
Between 1919 and 1922 he was manager of the Tramway de Bogotá, its popularity in this role was so great that the tram cars were known popularly as "Nemesia". 3 In small cooperative management of employees organized keepers tram rails sections, made the expansion of the Central Station, ran the extension of lines to the south and the west and doubled the capacity of the line of Gauteng . In 1921 he led the coalition that pressured the resignation of President Marco Fidel Suárez . In 1924 on the initiative of Gonzalo Mejia, helps fund the construction of the Teatro Junín de Medellín, whose inauguration is done on 8 October of the same year with a screening of the Italian film "La Sombra". 1
In December 1926 the society to participate in the creation of a Fruit Company. In 1928 as House Representative presents a draft reform of the electoral system which proposes the issuance of the certificate of citizenship for all voters. This project is approved as Law 31 of November 12, 1929, 5 with 41 votes in the House and 21 votes in the Senate, a few months after his death. Due to his health, he traveled to France for medical treatment, but died on May 7 of 1929. His remains were repatriated and buried in the Central Cemetery of Bogota.
Properties
The Estadio Nemesio Camacho El Campin.
At death, Camacho left an immense fortune primarily consisting of properties in Bogota and shares in different companies, the result of its business activities, the exercise of their profession and family heritage.
In 1934 the mayor of Bogotá Jorge Gaitan drove the idea to build a football stadium for the citizens taking advantage of the 400th birthday of the capital and to receive the 1938 Bolivarian Games . Councilman Luis Camacho Matiz, son of Nemesio Camacho El Campin offered hacienda that was part of the goods that were the legacy of his father (located in Old Street Cundinamarca) as land to build the stadium that bears his name.
References
Bibliography
470 years of Bogota: A cinematic look at Estadio El Campin, Colombian Film Heritage Foundation, accessed November 30, 2010.
Berdugo Cotera, Elber (August 15, 2004) Nemesio Camacho Macias, a businessman cundiboyacence highland, Journal of Business Administration School No. 51. Bogota: University School of Business Administration, p. 134-157.
Biography of Nemesio Camacho, Luis Angel Arango Library, accessed November 30, 2010.
El Campin, a stadium with history, Profile, November 18, 2007.
"Law 31 of 1929" Congress of Colombia. Retrieved January 31, 1929.
Davila Ladron de Guevara, Carlos (2003). Colombian Entrepreneurship: a historical perspective. University of Los Andes.
Marquez Rubio, Juan Carlos (2002). Nemesio Camacho, businessman and politician, 1869-1929. Monograph thesis. University of Los Andes.
1929 deaths
1869 births
People from Cundinamarca Department
Universidad Externado de Colombia alumni
19th-century Colombian lawyers
Colombian Liberal Party politicians
Colombian Ministers of Finance and Treasury
Colombian Ministers of Public Works
20th-century Colombian lawyers
The Megawatt Charging System (MCS) is a charging connector under development for large battery electric vehicles. The connector will be rated for charging at a maximum rate of (3,000 amps at 1,250 volts) direct current (DC).
The MCS connector is being advanced by the CharIN organization, with intentions that it become a worldwide standard charging connector for large and medium commercial vehicles be it on land, water or in the air.
History
A Charging Interface Initiative e.V. (CharIN) task force was formed by industry actors in March 2018, with the purpose to "define a new commercial vehicle high power charging standard to maximize customer flexibility." CharIN had previously developed the Combined Charging System (CCS) specification. From early 2018 until late 2019, the abbreviation HPCCV (High Power Charging for Commercial Vehicles) was used, following the name of the CharIN consortium taskforce. The purpose statement was later revised to "work out requirements for a new commercial vehicle high power charging solution to maximize customer flexibility when using fully electric commercial vehicles. The scope of the technical recommendation is to be limited to the connector, and any related requirements for the EVSE, the vehicle, communication, and related hardware."
The HPCCV held a meeting in September 2018 to build consensus on proposed requirements, and the CharIN Board of Management approved the consensus requirements on November 28, 2018. Five companies submitted candidate designs to meet the requirements: Tesla, Electrify America, ABB, paXos, and Stäubli. HPCCV selected a charging plug and socket design in May 2019, which was endorsed by CharIN leadership in September 2019. The version 1.0 HPCCV connector had a triangular shape and round power pins, but the design required further development as it was not finger-proof.
A test of seven vehicle inlets and eleven connectors was held at the US National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) on September 23–24, 2020. The prototype hardware represented designs from seven different manufacturers, and six additional manufacturers participated virtually. Criteria evaluated included fit/compatibility, ergonomics, and thermal performance. Evaluations at maximum current (3000 A) were conducted with cooling of both the inlet and the connector; for connector cooling only, current was limited to 1000 A, and without cooling, current was limited to 350 A. Versions 2.0 through 2.4 of the MCS connector used "hairpin" shaped contacts, but it was later changed to version 3.0 through 3.2, which returned to the triangular shape with larger pins and longer protective sheaths to prevent accidental contact.
The task force had anticipated that a requirements and specification document would be published by the end of 2021. In August 2021, prototype connectors were tested at up to . MCS connector version 3.2 was adopted in December 2021. CharIN intends to complete the specification document by 2024, which is planned to be in a state that is ready to be adopted by ISO and IEC as a global standard. In preparation, SAE International began developing the draft MCS standards into the J3271 requirements in December 2021; in parallel, the IEC began developing standard 63379 in Spring 2021.
Specific implementations
Lilium announced in October 2021 that forthcoming VTOL Lilium Jets with their 900 kWh battery would be fitted with MCS for charging. Charging stations with MCS connectors will be delivered by ABB in 2024.
The national project „“, commonly referred to as the HoLa project (from German , literally high capacity charging park for the charging sites), will build four new truck charging stations along the Autobahn A2 from Berlin to Duisburg. Each station will be equipped initially with two 600 kW stations starting in June 2022, and will be upgraded to 1 Megawatt using MCS in fall 2023. The chargers will be built by Heliox.
The German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA) published the "Masterplan Ladeinfrastruktur 2.0" in February 2022 in which they proposed to extend the Deutschlandnetz state-funded charging network into a "" (national fast-charging network for trucks). Whereas the current plan requires 200 kW per charging point using CCS, the next phase will require 700 kW per charging point using MCS.
Design requirements
Key requirements include:
Single conductive plug
Maximum of 1250 V DC and 3000 A
PLC + ISO/IEC 15118
Touch Safe (UL2251)
On-handle software-interpreted override switch
Adherence to OSHA / ADA (or local equivalent) standards
FCC Class A EMI (or local equivalent)
Located on driver's side of the vehicle, hip height
Capable of being automated
UL / NRTL certified
Cyber-Secure
V2X (bi-directional)
MCS is intended for Class 6, 7, and 8 commercial vehicles, initially with a primary focus on large trucks and busses, but potential MCS applications to the Aeronautics industry (e-VTOL, e-Planes, etc…) and Marine Industry (Tug-boats, e-Ferries, River Cargo vessels, etc…) exist. For road vehicles, the vehicle inlet should be placed on the driver's side of the vehicle (left side in North America), between the front and rear axles.
The ISO 15118-20 Communication Protocols will allow bi-directional energy flow for vehicle-to-grid (V2G), Smart Charging, Encrypted Communication, Plug ‘n Charge, Automated Charging.
A CCS Combo 1/Combo 2/SAE J3068 or ChaoJi inlet may also be fitted to the vehicle for compatibility and AC charging. Black & Veatch have designed prototype layout requirements for vehicle charging lanes.
See also
Tesla Megacharger
Ultra-ChaoJi
References
External links
DC power connectors
Automotive standards
Automotive technologies
Charging stations
Electric vehicle technologies
Electrical connectors
Trucks
2021 introductions
The Shukhuti mosaic (, shukhutis mozaika) is a bath mosaic discovered in 1961 at the village of Shukhuti, Guria, western Georgia. It dates from the 4th-5th century, from the times of the historical entity of Lazica.
Description
Equal to the size of the mosaic floors discovered in the bath Shukhuti's apodyterium (2.00X3, 50 m). The mosaic-covered area is approximately 50%, which was still under a fifteen-centimeter layer of lime mixed with dapshkhvnil ceramics, and scattered cobblestones. The mosaic was made using the Opus Tesselatum technique, which is characterized by the use of identical size and shape of cubes. Cubic surfaces have dimensions of about 1 cm. The mosaic is made of the following materials:
black sandstone
white, yellow, lime green colors
Andesite, dark red, sometimes brown
pale red ceramics.
The design is of squares and eight-pointed stars.
References
Mosaics
4th-century artefacts
Roman sites in Georgia (country)
Buildings and structures in Guria
Lazica
Fernando "Nando" Maria Neves (born 9 June 1978) is a retired Cape Verdean football defender who played for the Cape Verde national football team.
Biography
He played with Batuque of Mindelo in its youth team. He appeared in the Portuguese team of Amarante FC for a season in 1998, after he was a squad member of Portimonense for a season. He was elected the best central defender and the best foreign player of the season 2006-2007 in Tunisia, one of the first Cape Verdeans to be honoured, and he has recently signed a contract with a Qatar team, Al Sailiya, for the season 2007/2008. In July 2009 he moved to FC Baník Ostrava, he made 54 appearances and scored seven goals. In 2011, he played with LB Châteauroux for two seasons, he appeared 62 time and just scored a goal. He went back to the Czech Republic and played with Slavia Prague for a season, making 18 appearances and scoring no goals. A year later, he played with FK Příbram also for a season and had 16 appearances and scored a goal, this was his last club appearance.
International career
He was a member of the Cape Verde national team in 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification. After Cape Verde were eliminated, he received a call-up in August 2009 for a friendly against Malta and Angola and in May 2010 played in the 0–0 draw with Portugal. Nando was the Cape Verdean team captain in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations, which marked the first participation for his country in this tournament. His performances throughout the tournament were rewarded by selection into the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations Team of the Tournament. His last international match was on February 2, 2013, against Ghana at the ACN quarter-finals, in which his team were beaten 2-0. After this defeat he announced his immediate retirement from the national team.
Honours
Club
Grasshoppers
Swiss Super League (1): 2002–03
Individual
Championnat de Tunisie Best Central Defender: 2006-07
Championnat de Tunisie Best Foreign Player: 2006-07
2013 Africa Cup of Nations: Team of the Tournament
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Praia
Footballers from Santiago, Cape Verde
Cape Verdean footballers
Cape Verde international footballers
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
Association football defenders
Batuque FC players
Amarante F.C. players
Portimonense S.C. players
US Monastir (football) players
Al-Sailiya SC players
FC Baník Ostrava players
LB Châteauroux players
SK Slavia Prague players
1. FK Příbram players
Cape Verdean expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in France
Cape Verdean expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Cape Verdean expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Cape Verdean expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Cape Verdean expatriate sportspeople in France
Czech First League players
Ligue 2 players
Qatar Stars League players
Dream Away may refer to:
"Dream Away" (George Harrison song), 1982
"Dream Away" (Babyface and Lisa Stansfield song), 1994
Daniel Hosler O'Brien (born November 23, 1947 in Findlay, Ohio) is an American author, wildlife biologist, and rancher.
Biography
Dan O'Brien was born in Findlay, Ohio on November 23, 1947. He attended Findlay High School and graduated in 1966. He went to Michigan Technological University to play football and graduated with a BS degree in Math and Business from Findlay College in 1970 where he was the chairman of the first campus Earth Day. He earned an MA in English Literature from the University of South Dakota in 1973 where he studied under Frederick Manfred. He earned an MFA from Bowling Green State University in 1974, worked as a biologist and wrote for a few years before entering the PhD program at Denver University. When he won the prestigious Iowa Short Fiction in 1986 he gave up academics except for occasional short term teaching jobs. O'Brien continued to write and work as an endangered species biologist for the South Dakota Department of Game Fish and Parks and later the Peregrine Fund. In the late 1990s he began to convert his small cattle ranch in South Dakota to a buffalo ranch. In 2001, he founded Wild Idea Buffalo Company and Sustainable Harvest Alliance to produce large landscape, grass-fed and field-harvest buffalo to supply high quality and sustainable buffalo meat to people interested in human health and the health of the American Great Plains. He now raises buffalo and lives on the Cheyenne River Ranch in western South Dakota with his wife Jill. Dan O'Brien is the winner of the Iowa Short Fiction Award, two National Endowment for the Arts Grants for fiction, A Bush Foundation Award for writing, a Spur Award, two Wrangler Awards from the National cowboy Hall of Fame, and an honorary PhD from the University of South Dakota. His books have been translated into seven foreign languages and his essays, reviews, and short stories have been published in many periodicals including, Redbook, New York Times Magazine, FYI. New York Times Book Review.
Bibliography
Short fiction
Eminent Domain, 1987
Novels
Spirit of the Hills, 1988
In the Center of the Nation, 1991
Brendan Prairie, 1996
The Contract Surgeon: A Novel, 1999
The Indian Agent: A Novel, 2004
Stolen Horses, 2010
Memoirs
The Rites of Autumn: a Falconer's Journey Across the American West, 1988
Equinox: Life, Loves, and Birds of Prey, 1997
Buffalo for The Broken Heart, 2001
Wild Idea: Buffalo and Family in a Difficult Land, 2014
Essays
Great Plains (with Michael Forsberg), 2009
Great Plains Bison, 2017
References
Living people
1947 births
People from Findlay, Ohio
People from South Dakota
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American autobiographers
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
Bowling Green State University alumni
Findlay High School alumni
Clifford Joseph (born 26 September 1978) is a footballer who played for two national football teams.
International career
Joseph made his international debut playing for Dominica in 2000, during the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification. This remained his only cap for Dominica. He then later went on to make eight appearances for Montserrat between 2004 and 2011.
Style of play
He's known as a utility player because Clifford could play in any position on the pitch, including in goal which he once did for Montserrat in a World Cup Qualifier.
References
1978 births
Living people
Montserratian footballers
Montserrat international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ideal SC players
Association football utility players
Yeomgok-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Seocho-gu in Seoul, South Korea. It is a legal dong (법정동 ) administered under its administrative dong (행정동 ), Naegok-dong.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Seocho-gu official website
Seocho-gu map at the Seocho-gu official website
The Naegok-dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
Edward M. Newman (1870–1953) was a film producer of many documentary film shorts released by Warner Brothers and edited at Vitaphone studios in Brooklyn, New York in the 1930s. These were mostly of the travelogue genre. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio on March 16, 1870. His parents were Hungarian immigrants. He died in Los Angeles, California on April 16, 1953.
Overview
Around 1930, the major studios in Hollywood discovered that travel shorts running under 11 minutes were among the cheapest to produce as "filler" on the theatrical program. The number of "faraway adventures" made for eager Depression Era audiences, who seldom traveled far from home, rapidly increased at this time. (Films of this type had been around for decades.) Only one cameraman was needed, sometimes with a few assistants, along with one editor, sometimes a studio orchestra and usually a narrator. Much of the material could be shot silent and dubbed over later, although Fox Movietone News included on-location sound recordings with many of their "Magic Carpet" series.
Compared to the competition (which included Fox, Amadee J. Van Beuren "Vagabond Adventures" for RKO Pictures, Universal Pictures "Going Places", Columbia Pictures "Rambling Reporter", Educational Pictures "Treasure Chest" and other series and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Burton Holmes and James A. Fitzpatrick "Traveltalks"), the Warner-Newman travelogues were well-produced and often featured locales not covered in other series. One additional novelty was that the series name changed with each "season" (lasting September through August/September of the next year), spotlighting a specific theme such as U.S. history (as seen by famous sites) and "musical journeys". This enabled the theater exhibitors to offer attendees something different and new each year.
Ira Genet collaborated as director and writer with many of these. Key editor was Bert Frank, who also worked on many other Vitaphone shorts, including some documentaries that assembled old silent film footage. Leo Donnelly was a key narrator in the earlier shorts, also handling Ripley's Believe It or Not for Warner-Vitaphone.
When rival FitzPatrick with MGM started shooting in full Technicolor, Warner was already spending a fortune on their other two-reel musical and comedy shorts in color. As a result of this (along with various technical difficulties), the Newman series continued to be released in black and white until 1936, then opted for the more economical Cinecolor. Trade reviews tended to unfavorably compare them with the MGM Traveltalks, which boasted the full rainbow effect. Yet they continued to be praised for their expert commentary and interesting subject matter. In 1938, the so-called "Colortours" were regrouped as the Vitaphone Color Parade, moving on to multi-subject topics backed by Mechanix Illustrated.
Earlier career
Prior to joining Warner-Vitaphone, E.M. Newman had roughly two decades of documentary film making experience. Unfortunately, like other pioneering "globe trotters", he was only fleetingly discussed in the periodicals of the times and is largely ignored by modern film historians. Like the more famous Burton Holmes, he was active on the travelogue lecture circuit (both with films and still photographs).
Educational Pictures, known today for its 1920s and '30s comedy films and as a distributor of animated cartoons more than its many documentaries, utilized him for a series of nature films and travelogues released in 1918, including some "scenics" of the Philippines, Japan and Mexico. Approximately thirty were produced. His interest in shooting wildlife with a camera never dimmed, since many of Warner's travelogues of the 1930s showcased such footage. (Examples include Animals of the Amazon and Slackers and Workers of the Jungle, while Berlin Today featured police dogs in training and Dear Old London covered the zoo in detail). In 1922, he tackled a 7,000 mile tours of Africa and, according to Film Daily, over 30,000 feet of footage (handled with just two assistants), including "two hundred different tribes of natives and all possible species of wild animals".
World War I saw him as a film correspondent and, according to Film Daily (August 21, 1918), "He has been with the American troops from their transports to the front. He was with them in Alsace, on the Piave and the Asiae-o Plateau. He witnessed the shelling of Paris and the raids on London. Mr. Newman's material includes all the work of the American forces, from the building of miles of railroads to the enormous bakeries. He still suffers from the effect of a gas attack, which laid him up for several weeks, and robbed him of his voice."
For the next 22 "seasons", he was on the lecture circuit and made a number of visits to the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences covering such locales as the Virgin Islands and, for his second travelogue presented at Carnegie Hall, a tour of Damascus and Syria. In 1924, he was working alongside Burton Holmes gathering material in Europe. A few months before releasing his first Warner travelogues, he had another successful Carnegie Hall presentation covering Italy with G. J. Marfleet and color work by Dorothy Rankin.
Listing of films
A full list of the travelogues released between 1931 and 1938 are as follows (with review dates by Film Daily and copyright dates when release dates are not available):
Traveltalks
Burnet Hershey is sometimes credited on these
World Adventures
Primary narrator was Leo Donnelly.
Musical World Journeys
See America First
Mostly narrated by John B. Kennedy, these United States locational travelogues were distributed in a more chronological order (based on historical periods) after their initial releases. The first three were shown in Washington D.C. at a special screening.
Our Own U.S.
Colortour Adventures
Filmed in “Naturalcolor” and Cinecolor
See also
List of short subjects by Hollywood studio#Warner Brothers
Travelogue (films)
Vitaphone Color Parade
Burton Holmes
Notes
References
Liebman, Roy Vitaphone Films – A Catalogue of the Features and Shorts 2003 McFarland & Company
Motion Pictures 1912-1939 Catalog of Copyright Entries 1951 Library of Congress
BoxOffice back issue scans (reliable for release dates and some plot descriptions)
External links
E.M. Newman on the IMDb.com
Film Daily links (individual reviews referenced above)
Vitaphone short films
Documentary film series
Gregorids were an Armenian noble family descended from St. Gregory the Illuminator (c. 257–330), and thus of Arsacid stock, whose members served as patriarchs of Armenia from the early fourth century to the death of its last male member, St. Sahak I Souren Pahlav, in 437/439. Following Sahak's death, his daughter, Sahakanoysh Souren Pahlav, princess of Armenia, carried the Gregorid domains in the western provinces of Greater Armenia into the family of her husband, Hamazasp I Mamikonian, and the patriarchate of Armenia ceased to be a hereditary office.
References
Arsacid dynasty of Armenia
Armenian noble families
Iranian noble families
Vincent Garos (born June 1, 1982 in Nantes) is a retired French sailor, who specialized in two-person dinghy (470) class. He represented France, along with his partner Pierre Leboucher at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and also became a member of the French national sailing team for five years before retiring shortly after the Games. Throughout most of his sporting career, Garos has been training for Ouest Nautical Sport Club () under his personal coach Didier Bernard.
Garos qualified as a crew member for the French squad in the men's 470 class at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London by finishing sixth and receiving a berth from the ISAF World Championships in Perth, Western Australia. Teaming with his partner Leboucher in the opening series, the French duo fell behind the pack on the early races, but sailed smoothly at the very end to achieve a creditable seventh position against a fleet of twenty-seven boats with an accumulated net score of 90 points.
Shortly after the Games, Garos decided to retire from sailing to embark upon his formal business career role in the sport sector. Whilst training and competing for the sport, Garos completed a Bachelor of Arts in material sciences and engineering, worked part-time in the technical sales department of an industrial company and fulfilled a one-year contract in the navy.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
French male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of France
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – 470
Sportspeople from Nantes
John William Summers (April 29, 1870 – September 25, 1937) was an American physician and politician who served seven terms as a U.S. Representative from Washington from 1919 to 1933.
Early life and education
Born in Indiana, Summers attended the public schools. He was graduated from the Southern Indiana Normal College at Mitchell, Indiana, in 1889 and from the Kentucky School of Medicine at Louisville in 1892. He pursued postgraduate studies in the Louisville Medical College and in New York, London, Berlin, and the University of Vienna, Austria.
Medical career
He commenced the practice of medicine in Mattoon, Illinois. He moved to Walla Walla, Washington, in 1908 and continued the practice of medicine. He also engaged in agricultural pursuits and fruit raising.
Congress
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1917. Summers was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the six succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1933). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress, and for election in 1934 to the Seventy-fourth Congress and in 1936 to the Seventy-fifth Congress.
Later career and death
He resumed former pursuits. Summers was married to Jennie ( Burks) Summers (1867–1956), a member of the Christian Women's Temperance Union, as well as active member of many club, church and organizational groups.
Summers died in Walla Walla, Washington on September 25, 1937. He was interred in Mountain View Cemetery, alongside his wife, Jennie.
Family
Summers' daughter, Hope, was a film and television actress, best remembered by TV audiences on TV's on The Andy Griffith Show and Mayberry R.F.D., as Aunt Bee's gossipy best friend Clara Edwards (1960–71).
Sources
1870 births
1937 deaths
Politicians from Walla Walla, Washington
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Physicians from Illinois
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
People from Mitchell, Indiana
The DRG Class E93 is an electric heavy freight locomotive built by AEG for Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1933. Its development was triggered by the electrification of the Geislinger Steige, a steep grade of the mainline railroad between Stuttgart and Ulm, which had been electrified in 1933 and required powerful new freight locomotives to overcome it with heavy freight trains.
Production
The 18 ordered units were delivered between 1933 and 1937.
Appearance
The external appearance superficially resembles a Swiss crocodile but the German locomotive differs in that the axles are individually powered and the body is not articulated.
Electric locomotives of Germany
15 kV AC locomotives
E93
Co′Co′ locomotives
AEG locomotives
Brown, Boveri & Cie locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1933
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Freight locomotives
Sports chiropractic is a specialty of chiropractic. It generally requires post-graduate coursework and a certification or diplomate status granted by a credentialing agency recognized in a practitioner's region. Assessment and diagnosis of sports-related injuries by a sports chiropractor involves a physical exam and sometimes imaging studies. Treatment is described as non-invasive and can include joint manipulations and recommendations for exercises designed to improve strength, flexibility and range of motion. Sports Chiropractors specialize in the prevention and care of musculoskeletal injuries. The demand for sports teams to have a Sports Chiropractor is increasing. All 32 teams in the National Football League (NFL) offer chiropractic services. Additionally, 30 teams in Major League Baseball (MLB) utilize chiropractors.
Scope of Practice:
Sports & Exercise chiropractic is a recognised subset of chiropractic that focuses on the comprehensive and holistic healthcare of the physically active individual or athlete, to prevent injury, restore optimal function and contribute to the enhancement of sports performance. They achieve this using sports-specific knowledge, skills and attitudes to achieve the best clinical practice while ensuring a high standard of professional, safe and ethical practice.
Sports & Exercise chiropractic professionals demonstrate advanced competencies in the customised approach to active individuals of all ages and abilities, at individual and group levels by utilising evidence-based, multi-modal techniques to enhance the function of the neuro-musculoskeletal system.
Sports & Exercise chiropractors have clinical expertise in manual therapy, exercise prescription and rehabilitation, education, translating the latest research into clinical practice, communication, lifestyle advice and leadership. They participate comfortably in a multi-disciplinary team environment, working closely with parents, coaches, other health providers and the community to provide the best high-quality care for each athlete.
Training and credentialing
The International Federation of Sports Chiropractic (FICS) established the Internationally Certified Chiropractic Sports Practitioner (ICSSP) program in connection with Murdoch University, in Perth, Australia. Applicants can receive a certification through participation in a combination of online courses and seminars, and can receive credit for post-doctoral education programs. FICS coordinates with athletic associations to provide chiropractors for international sporting events.
In March 2019, the ICCSP program underwent a major revamp and today is known as the International Certificates in Sports Chiropractic (ICSC). The ICSC is now a fully owned FICS certification that enables Sports Chiropractors that are members of a National Council Sports Chiropractic (NCSC) or an individual member to attend International Federated Games where FICS has been invited Sports Chiropractic care. There is also a diploma and a fellowship course developed at a higher level to this accreditation. The entire e-learning portion of the program is housed in the FICS environment. FICS can have full control of it and make regular updated the content to ensure it represents best practice, evolving research and remains current at all times.
In Canada, a minimum two-year post-graduate program and certification as a chiropractic sports specialist (FRCCSS) are offered by the Royal College of Chiropractic Sports Sciences. The U.S. equivalent is the Certified Chiropractic Sports Physician (CCSP), or the Diplomate of the American Chiropractic Board of Sports Physicians (DACBSP), a three-year post-doctoral program.
Use by amateur and professional athletes
Athletes normally subject their bodies to strenuous exercises that often cause muscle and body pains. These physically straining activities can create spinal alignment and movement problems. With sports chiropractic care, the athlete does not have to live with chronic pains anymore.
As of the 2014-2015 season, every NFL team had an official team chiropractor. In Major League Baseball, 30 teams have a team chiropractor. In 2006, a study analyzing Division I NCAA athletes at intercollegiate sporting events in Hawaii found that chiropractic usage within the last 12 months was reported by 39% of respondents.
Chiropractic sports medicine specialists first began treating Olympic athletes at the Olympic Games in Montreal in 1976, when Leroy Perry began working with the Aruban team. The first official appointment of a chiropractor to the US team was during the 1980 Winter Olympic Games in Lake Placid, New York when Stephen J. Press recommended George Goodheart to the chairman of the US Olympic Committee (USOC)'s Division of Sports Medicine. Subsequently, a program was developed to screen chiropractors for the USOC in Colorado Springs, CO and chiropractors have been included with the US and other national teams since then. In 1996, Dr. Steven Horwitz, D.C. was selected by the USOC as the third chiropractor to part of the Medical Staff for the Games of the XXVI Olympiad in Atlanta. In 2000, Life University opened a 4500 sq. ft. chiropractic clinic in the Costa Rican Olympic Committee Compound to provide chiropractic services for athletes. The US team sent four chiropractors to Beijing for the 2008 Olympic games, where Mike Reed served the U.S. team as a treating chiropractor and also as the chiropractic medical director of the Performance Services Division of the USOC. Chiropractors were included on the US medical team again for the 2010 Vancouver Olympic Games, where Michael Reed acted as the external medical director for the USOC, and oversaw the USOC volunteer medical program and the USOC Sports Medicine Network. Chiropractic care was arranged by the British Chiropractic Association and integrated into the treatment of athletes for a polyclinic during the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. At the 2012 Summer Games in London, the USOC brought eight chiropractors in addition to the full-time paid medical director, William Moreau.
Associations
International Federation of Sports Chiropractic or Fédération Internationale de Chiropratique du Sport (FICS)
International Association of Olympic Chiropractic Officers
Royal College of Chiropractic Sports Sciences of Canada - RCCSS(C)
References
Hall and Woodhouse is a British regional brewery founded in 1777 by Charles Hall in Blandford Forum, Dorset, England. The company operates over 250 public houses in the south of England, and brews under the name Badger Brewery.
History
The brewery traces its roots to 1777, when Charles Hall founded the Ansty Brewery in Ansty, Dorset. The Hall & Woodhouse partnership dates from 1847, when Charles' son and successor went into business with George Woodhouse, who had earlier been employed as head brewer.
In 1875, the firm's logo of a badger was first introduced, and in 1900, when a new brewery was built to replace the original, it was named after the logo. The logo has evolved over the years. The firm remains a family business.
In 1991 the brewpub Gribble Inn in Oving, West Sussex was acquired. Though it was sold back to the landlord in 2005, Hall & Woodhouse retained the rights to the brand name Fursty Ferret, the brewpub's most well-known beer.
In 2000 the King and Barnes brewery business in Horsham was acquired. Hall & Woodhouse retained the King and Barnes chain of pubs and the rights to the brand names of the King and Barnes beers, but the brewery premises were sold.
Beers
Blandford Fly (formerly Blandford Flyer) is a 5.2% dark bottled ale flavoured with ginger and spices.
Cranborne Poacher (formerly Poacher's Choice) is a very strong (5.7%) bottled dark ale with an edge of liquorice.
Fursty Ferret is an amber ale, 4.1% as a cask ale, and 4.4% as a filtered beer in bottles and cans. Originally brewed at the Gribble Inn, which was bought by Hall & Woodhouse in 1991. The pub was sold back to the landlord in 2005, with Hall & Woodhouse retaining the rights to the brand name Fursty Ferret.
Golden Champion is a 4.5% pale ale with an aroma of elderflower.
Hopping Hare is a 4.4% abv light coloured pale ale made from a mix of American Amarillo, Cascade hops and English Flagon barley.
Tanglefoot is a golden ale, 4.7% as a cask ale, and 5% as a filtered beer in bottles and cans. It is made from a mix of English Flagon barley, Goldings and Challenger hops, with a pear drop taste. According to a story presently written on the bottle, it was given its name when the Head Brewer drank "several tankards" and "fell on" a name for the beer. The cask version is widely available in the south of England, and a pasteurised version is available in bottles and cans in supermarkets nationally.
Wicked Wyvern is a 5.5% pale ale with an aroma of grapefruit.
Soft drinks
The company also markets soft drinks known as Rio. In 1957 Hall and Woodhouse started manufacturing soft drinks, from 1974 under the Panda Pops brand, but closed the plant and sold the brand to Nichols plc in 2005, citing its key competitors as having the strategic advantage of lower production costs through greater scale, lower wage costs, better geographical location and more efficient and up-to-date plant.
References
Further reading
A Taste of Life (Hall and Woodhouse Celebrating 225 years), David Boag and Nick Wilcox-Brown, Hall and Woodhouse (2002), ASIN B000UTOJCG
External links
1777 establishments in England
Food and drink companies established in 1777
Breweries in England
Companies based in Dorset
British companies established in 1777
Raymond Durand may refer to:
Raymond Durand (driver) (born 1952), French rally driver
Raymond Durand (politician) (born 1945), French politician
Raymond Durand (footballer) (1908–1989), French footballer
Raymond Durand (sport shooter) (1894–1977), French Olympic shooter
Louis Marie Raymond Durand (1786–1837), French diplomat, consul in Warsaw during the November Uprising
Venzke Glacier () is a broad glacier flowing northward between Bowyer Butte and Perry Range into Getz Ice Shelf on the coast of Marie Byrd Land. The glacier was discovered and photographed from aircraft of the U.S. Antarctic Service in December 1940. It was mapped in detail by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy photographs, 1959–66. It was named on 1 January 1974 (USGS Antarctic ID: 15956) by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Captain Norman C. Venzke, U.S. Coast Guard, commanding officer of USCGC Northwind (WAGB-282) in Antarctica, 1972 and 1973, and a participant in several other Deep Freeze operations as ship's company officer aboard icebreakers.
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Knocksink Wood () is a national nature reserve located in the valley of the Glencullen River in County Wicklow, Ireland, near the village of Enniskerry. With an area of approximately , it is managed by the Irish National Parks & Wildlife Service.
Features
The reserve is located in a valley, with the slopes predominantly sessile oak. Other areas have more mixed woodland. Within the reserve there are numerous springs and areas with water seepage, with the petrifying springs being one of the most important habitats listed in the EU Habitats Directive. Knocksink Wood has the most diverse woodland invertebrate fauna recorded in Ireland, with a number of animals specific to wet woodland that are of threatened status in the EU.
Status and facilities
Knocksink Wood was legally protected as a national nature reserve by the Irish government in 1994. The wood is also listed as a Special Area of Conservation. The reserve had an educational centre, which used to host tours of the wood, and provide information to the public. Although still listed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service as of 2021, the office had permanently closed by 2019.
References
Geography of County Wicklow
Forests and woodlands of the Republic of Ireland
Nature reserves in the Republic of Ireland
Special Areas of Conservation in the Republic of Ireland
Tourist attractions in County Wicklow
Dabare Liyanage Vidhushi Uththara (born 29 November 1991, ), popularly as Vidhushi Uththara, is an actress in Sri Lankan television, theater as well as a model and voice artist. Started as a child television presenter, she later became one of the popular actresses in the television with the serials Deveni Inima, Rajayogaya, Lansupathiniyo and Kusumasana Devi.
Personal life
She was born on 29 November 1991 in Rajagiriya, Colombo as the second child of the family. Her father Vipul Ariyathilaka Liyanage is a mechanic who runs his own business 'Vipul enterprises'. Her mother Kumari Deepika Dharmapala is a housewife. Vidhushi has one elder sister, Dilini Rangana who is a journalist and editor. Her grandmother Priscilla Opatha was a renowned songstress in Gramophone era who became very popular with the song "Monawada Amme Akuru Jathiyak" sung with Kingsley Jayasekera.
Vidhushi started education from Sangamiththa Balika Vidyalaya, Colombo and later attended to Gothami Balika Vidyalaya, Colombo. Then in 2012, she graduated with a degree at National Gem and Jewellery Authority, Colombo. Before starting acting career, she worked as a jewelry designer at Aminra collection from 2012 to 2013.
Her aunt Kusum Renu is a popular actress active in cinema, television and theater in a career spanning more than four decades. Kusum Renu is married to fellow dramatist Sriyantha Mendis. Sriyantha has dominated theater, television and cinema since 1979 and received several awards for the Best Actor in multiple award ceremonies.
She is married to Laknath Prasantha Rajasiri, a consultant doctor. The wedding was celebrated on 24 October 2013.
Career
In 2001, she joined with Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation "Athuru Mithuru" children's unit as a child announcer and continued to work until 2005. Then in 2005, she made her maiden television role in the serial Sathara Ima Gini as a child artist. Then in 2016, she participated for the screen test for the television serial Deiyange Rate with one of her friend. During the screen test, she acted with her friend to help her during the screening. Later she was selected for a supportive role in the serial. Meanwhile, in 2017, she was appeared in the soap opera Deveni Inima directed by Saranga Mendis and played the role 'Malki'. She became very popular with the serial and she continued to play the role until 2018.
In 2018, she became one of the Top 5 Popular actresses at Raigam Tele'es. In 2019, she was nominated for the award for the Upcoming Actress for her role in the television serial Rajayogaya. In 2018, she played the main titular role in the television serial Kusumasana Devi which became very popular. Then in 2019, she acted in three television serials: Lansupathiniyo, Sanda Vimana and Aeya. She played the main antagonist role Rithu in Aeya teledrama. However, She quit Aeya teledrama in 2020 which replaced by Chathu Rajapaksha. She also performed in two stage plays Miringu Ma Ima directed by her sister and Hankithi Daha Thuna directed by Jayantha Chandrasiri.
Apart from serials, she also starred in several tele films including: Magiya, Dharu Senehasa, Senehewanthaya, Moha, Sepalika, Guru Paduru, Piyawara and Dinuma. She also appeared in several commercials such as Commercial Bank, Riztbury Chocolates, Tiara Layer Cake, Vim Dish-wash soap, Milo, Munchee Chocolate Marie, Astra Butter, Clorgard Toothpaste, Sera coconut Milk, Comfort fabric liquid, Laojee Tea and Dettol soap.
Apart from acting, she is also a popular dubbing artist who rendered her voice to several international soap operas and serials including; Kiduru Kumariyo (Niksy), Chooty Dhuu (Mansi), Mini Pahana Obai (Minty), Vidya Pawula (Alice), Sakwala Kumariyo (Madison), Panditha Rama (Kali Amma), Nihada Dhoni (Mohana), Hamu Wemu Aye Sansare (Pooja), Vishwa Charika and Sihinayaka Seya (Zoya).
Television serials
Music video appearances
Bambarindu
Palu Sitha Langa
Sanasum Hade
Hitha Mage
Kiss Theme Song
Madhu
References
External links
Vidhushi Liyanage on Facebook
Vidhushi Uththara on Instagram
YouTube pages
If it suits me, I will take it from Pettah and use it - Vidushi
No leeches?
What's in the bag
1991 births
Living people
Sri Lankan television actresses
Sri Lankan television personalities
Sri Lankan television presenters
Sri Lankan female models
Sri Lankan actresses
Cyclostomi, often referred to as Cyclostomata , is a group of vertebrates that comprises the living jawless fishes: the lampreys and hagfishes. Both groups have jawless mouths with horny epidermal structures that function as teeth called ceratodontes, and branchial arches that are internally positioned instead of external as in the related jawed fishes. The name Cyclostomi means "round mouths". It was named by Joan Crockford-Beattie.
Possible external relationships
This taxon is often included in the paraphyletic superclass Agnatha, which also includes several groups of extinct armored fishes called ostracoderms. Most fossil agnathans, such as galeaspids, thelodonts, and osteostracans, are more closely related to vertebrates with jaws (called gnathostomes) than to cyclostomes. Cyclostomes seem to have split off before the evolution of dentine and bone, which are present in many fossil agnathans, including conodonts.
Biologists disagree on whether cyclostomes are a clade. The "vertebrate hypothesis" holds that lampreys are more closely related to gnathostomes than they are to the hagfish. The "cyclostome hypothesis", on the other hand, holds that lampreys and hagfishes are more closely related, making cyclostomi monophyletic.
Most studies based on anatomy have supported the vertebrate hypothesis, while most molecular phylogenies have supported the cyclostome hypothesis.
There are exceptions in both cases, however. Similarities in the cartilage and muscles of the tongue apparatus also provide evidence of sister-group relationship between lampreys and hagfishes. And at least one molecular phylogeny has supported the vertebrate hypothesis. The embryonic development of hagfishes was once held to be drastically different from that of lampreys and gnathostomes, but recent evidence suggests that it is more similar than previously thought, which may remove an obstacle to the cyclostome hypothesis. There is at present no consensus on the correct topology.
Internal differences and similarities
Both hagfishes and lampreys have a single gonad, but for different reasons. In hagfishes the left gonad degenerates during their ontogeny and only the right gonad develops, whereas in lampreys the left and right gonads fuse into one. There are no gonoducts present.
Hagfishes have direct development, but lamprey go through a larval stage followed by metamorphosis into a juvenile form (or adult form in the non-parasitic species). Lamprey larvae live in freshwater and are called ammocoetes, and are the only vertebrates with an endostyle, an organ used for filter feeding that is otherwise found only in tunicates and lancelets. During metamorphosis the lamprey endostyle develops into the thyroid gland.
The cyclostomi evolved oxygen transport hemoglobins independently from the jawed vertebrates.
Hagfishes and lampreys lack a thymus, spleen, myelin and sympathetic chain ganglia. Neither species has internal eye muscles and hagfishes also lack external eye muscles. Both groups have only a single olfactory organ with a single nostril. The nasal duct ends blindly in a pouch in lampreys but opens into the pharynx in hagfishes. The branchial basket (reduced in hagfishes) is attached to the cranium.
The mouth apparatus in hagfishes and adult lampreys has some similarities, but differ from one another. Lampreys have tooth plates on the top of a tongue-like piston cartilage, and the hagfish have a fixed cartilagous plate on the floor of its mouth with groves that allows tooth plates to slide backwards and forwards over it like a conveyor belt, and are everted as they move over the edge of the plate. Hagfishes also have a keratinous palatine tooth hanging from the roof of the mouth.
Unlike jawed vertebrates, which have three semicircular canals in each inner ear, lampreys have only two and hagfishes just one. The semicircular canal of hagfishes contains both stereocilia and a second class of hair cells, apparently a derived trait, whereas lampreys and other vertebrates have stereocilia only. Because the inner ear of hagfishes has two forms of sensory ampullae, their single semicircular canal is assumed to be a result of two semicircular canals that have merged into just one.
The hagfish blood is isotonic with seawater, while lampreys appears to use the same gill-based mechanisms of osmoregulation as marine teleosts. Yet the same mechanisms are apparent in the mitochondria-rich cells in the gill epithelia of hagfishes, but never develops the ability to regulate the blood's salinity, even if they are capable of regulating the ionic concentration of Ca and Mg ions. It has been suggested that the hagfish ancestors evolved from an anadromous or freshwater species that has since adapted to saltwater over a very long time, resulting in higher electrolyte levels in its blood.
The lamprey intestine has a typhlosole that increases the inner surface like the spiral valve does in some jawed vertebrates. The spiral valve in the latter develops by twisting the whole gut, while the lamprey typhlosole is confined to the mucous membrane of the intestines. The mucous membranes of hagfishes have a primitive typhlosole in the form of permanent zigzag ridges. This trait could be a primitive one, since it is also found in some sea squirts such as Ciona. The intestinal epiphelia of lampreys also have ciliated cells, which have not been detected in hagfishes. Because ciliated intestines are also found in Chondrostei, lungfishes and the early stages of some teleosts, it is considered a primitive condition that has been lost in hagfishes.
References
Related text and image resources
Nelson, Joseph S. (2006). Fishes of the World. John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Agnatha
Superclasses (biology)
Taxa named by André Marie Constant Duméril
Philip Wenman may refer to:
Philip Wenman, 3rd Viscount Wenman (1610–1686), MP for Oxfordshire
Philip Wenman, 6th Viscount Wenman (1719–1760)
Philip Wenman, 7th Viscount Wenman (1742–1800)
Kirsten Normann Andersen (born 28 April 1962 in Aarhus) is a Danish politician, who is a member of the Folketing for the Socialist People's Party. She entered parliament in 2016, after Jonas Dahl resigned his seat.
Political career
Andersen ran in the 2015 Danish general election where she received 2,149 personal votes. Although this did not secure her a seat in parliament, she became the Socialist People's Party's primary substitute in the Østjylland constituency. When Jonas Dahl resigned his seat on 8 August 2016, Andersen entered parliament in his place. She served the remaining of the 2015-2019 term. She was elected into the Folketing at the 2019 election, receiving 7,885 personal votes.
External links
Biography on the website of the Danish Parliament (Folketinget)
References
Living people
1962 births
People from Aarhus
21st-century Danish women politicians
Women members of the Folketing
Socialist People's Party (Denmark) politicians
Members of the Folketing 2015–2019
Members of the Folketing 2019–2023
Ironidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Enoplida.
Genera
Genera:
Capillaris
Conilia Gerlach, 1956
Criptonchus Cobb, 1913
References
Nematodes
John Bunyan Shearer (1832–1919) was the eighth president of Davidson College.
Biography
John Bunyan Shearer was born in Appomattox County, Virginia on July 19, 1832. He completed his undergraduate studies at Hampden–Sydney College in 1851 and eventually entered the ministry. After the American Civil War, Shearer became president of Stewart College in Clarksville, Tennessee, which would later become Rhodes College. Shearer became president of Davidson in 1888; he focused particularly on public relations and fundraising. As president, Shearer spearheaded on renovating buildings and included mandatory Bible classes for students. Shearer's health would force him to resign, although he remained at Davidson in the administration.
He died in Davidson on June 14, 1919.
References
External links
Biography from the Davidson College Archives & Special Collections
Davidson College faculty
Hampden–Sydney College alumni
Presidents of Davidson College
1832 births
1919 deaths
People from Davidson, North Carolina
René Zoungrana (born 18 December 1996) is a Burkinabé football defender who plays for USFA. He was a squad member for the 2020 African Nations Championship.
References
1996 births
Living people
Burkinabé footballers
Burkina Faso international footballers
Burkinabé Premier League players
ASFA Yennenga players
Rail Club du Kadiogo players
US des Forces Armées players
Association football defenders
21st-century Burkinabé people
Burkina Faso A' international footballers
2020 African Nations Championship players
Plasmonic nanolithography (also known as plasmonic lithography or plasmonic photolithography) is a nanolithographic process that utilizes surface plasmon excitations such as surface plasmon polaritons (SPPs) to fabricate nanoscale structures. SPPs, which are surface waves that propagate in between planar dielectric-metal layers in the optical regime, can bypass the diffraction limit on the optical resolution that acts as a bottleneck for conventional photolithography.
Theory
Surface plasmon polaritons are surface electromagnetic waves that propagate in between two surfaces with sign-changing permittivities. They originate from coupling of photons to plasma oscillations, quantized as plasmons. SPPs result in evanescent fields that decay perpendicularly to the interface where the propagation occurs. The dispersion relation for SPPs permits the excitation of wavelengths shorter than the free-space wavelength of the inbound light, additionally ensuring subwavelength field confinement. Nevertheless, the excitation of SPPs necessitate momentum mismatch; prism and grating coupling methods are common. For plasmonic nanolithography processes, this is achieved through surface roughness and perforations.
Methods
Plasmonic contact lithography, a modification on the evanescent near-field lithography, uses a metal photomask, on which the SPPs are excited. Similar to common photolithographic processes, photoresist is exposed to SPPs that propagate from the mask. Photomasks with holes enable grating coupling of SPPs; the fields only propagate for nanometers. Srituravanich et al. has demonstrated the lithographic process experimentally with a 2D silver hole array mask; 90 nm hole arrays were produced at 365 nm wavelength, which is beyond diffraction limit. Zayats and Smolyaninov utilized a multi-layered metal film mask to enhance the subwavelength aperture; such structures can be realized by thin film deposition methods. Bowtie apertures and nanogaps were also suggested as alternative apertures. A version of the method, named as surface plasmon interference nanolithography by Liu et al., uses SPP interference patterns. Despite offering high resolution and throughput, plasmonic contact lithography is regarded as an expensive and complex method; contamination due to contact is also a limiting factor.
Planar lens imaging nanolithography uses plasmonic lenses or negative-index superlenses, which were first proposed by John Pendry. Many superlens designs, such as Pendry's thin silver film or Fang et al.'s superlens, benefit from plasmonic excitations to focus Fourier components of incoming light beyond the diffraction limit. Chaturvedi et al. has demonstrated the imaging of a 30 nm chromium grating through silver superlens photolithography at 380 nm, while Shi et al. simulated a 20 nm lithography resolution at 193 nm wavelength with an aluminum superlens. Srituravanich et al. has developed a mechanically adjustable, hovering plasmonic lens for maskless near-field nanolithography, whereas another maskless approach by Pan et al. uses a "multi-stage plasmonic lens" for progressive coupling.
Plasmonic direct writing is a maskless form of photolithography that is based on scanning probe lithography; the method uses localized surface plasmon (LSP) enhancements from embedded plasmonic scanning probes to expose the photoresist. Wang et al. experimentally demonstrated 100 nm field confinement with this method. Kim et al. has developed a ~50 nm resolution scanning probe with a patterning speed of ~10 mm/s. Gold nanoparticles and other plasmonic nanostructures such as nanogaps have been used as masks for lithography; etching in this case can be achieved through either through photomasking principles or enhanced local heating in the vicinity of the nanostructure due to the LSP resonances. Lin et al. also used localized thermal excitations in gold nanoparticles to fabricate two-dimensional structures such as patterned graphene and molybdenum disulfide monolayers in a process termed as "optothermoplasmonic nanolithography." Photochemical effects of LSP resonances were also used as a catalyst in lithographic processes: Saito et al. demonstrated selective etching of silver nanocubes on titanium dioxide substrates by the means of plasmon-induced charge separation.
See also
Electron-beam lithography
Nanoimprint lithography
Nanosphere lithography
Plasmonic metamaterial
References
Lithography (microfabrication)
Plasmonics
Plutarco Naranjo Vargas (Ambato, June 18, 1921 - April 27, 2012) was a doctor, teacher, journalist, historian, and scientific researcher. He served as the Ecuadorian ambassador to the Soviet Union, Poland, and the German Democratic Republic (concurrently) from 1977 to 1978. In 1988, he accepted a four-year appointment to the cabinet of newly elected president Rodrigo Borja Cevallos as Minister of Health.
In the Academy, Naranjo was one of the trainers through generations of doctors in Ecuador, he participated as organizer of Pharmacology Chair and advised to the Physiology Department of Valey University (Cali-Colombia), besides, he founded the Pharmacology Chair at Central University of Ecuador.
Since his youth, he was strong involved in botany, that allowed him to open the possibility of knowledge interchange between the western knowledge of botany and traditional medicine, the sacred uses of plants and myths and cultures, creating big contributions to Ethnomedicine.
His research were very important in Pharmacology, which contributed to improve the life quality, from the field of health to a wide population of patients with various pathologies, in the same way, he made several researches about immunological mechanisms, hypersensitivity to drugs and foods, allergies to antibiotics, and more.
He was a founder of the Ecuadorian Academy of Medicine and became its president. He was also president of the SILAE - Italo Latin American Association of Ethnomedicine from 1995 to 1997. He was also the Academic Director in the field of health at the Simón Bolívar Andean University.
He was married to Dr. Enriqueta Banda Flores. They had three children: Alexis, Ana and Plutarco.
He received the Eugenio Espejo National Award in 1986 in the field of science.
He died in Quito on April 27, 2012.
Awards
He was awarded the Central University Prize in four separate occasions for his scientific research.
He received awards from the governments of Italy (1972), Romania (1976), and Peru (1990)
The "Isabel Tobar Guarderas" Prize, from the municipality of Quito (1977)
The Ecuadorian National Prize "Premio Eugenio Espejo" (1986)
Published Works (Abridged)
La doctrina socialista (1949)
Montalvo y sus obras (1966)
Ayahuasca: Etnomedicina y mitología (1983)
Itinerario de un pueblo: Notas de un viaje a Israel (1987)
Saber alimentarse (1991)
La lucha por la independencia del primer grito a la primera constitución (2009)
Notes
1921 births
2012 deaths
Central University of Ecuador alumni
Democratic Left (Ecuador) politicians
Ecuadorian diplomats
Ecuadorian Ministers of Health
Ecuadorian pharmacologists
People from Ambato, Ecuador
Ecuadorian expatriates in Germany
Ecuadorian expatriates in the Soviet Union
Ecuadorian expatriates in Poland
Chinese Bridge (Chinese: 汉语桥) is a contest for foreign students on their mastery of the Chinese language, promoted by the Chinese National Hanban and established as a plan to introduce Chinese to the world. Since it began in 2002, more than 600 contestants from over 50 countries throughout the world have participated in the annually-held Chinese language competitions.
There are three versions: , one for secondary school students outside of China, and one for non-Chinese students attending educational institutions in China. The first was established in 2002 and the second was established in 2008.
History
Notable people
Participants
In business and media
Daniela Anahí Bessia (): Celebrity, Singer, Actress and Chinese National Television host. (The Eighth Contest)
References
South Korean College Student Wins 2012 Chinese Bridge Competition
Chinese Bridge Competition
External links
Official website
Chinese Bridge site by Hanban
Bridge
Bridge
Bridge
Edward Hawkins (January 21, 1829 in Stony Brook, Suffolk County, New York – June 10, 1908 in Jamesport, Suffolk Co., NY) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York.
Life
He was the son of Daniel Shaler Hawkins (1798–1868) and Sophia (Smith) Hawkins (1802–1841). He attended the public schools, and then went to sea, becoming a ship captain. In 1870, he and his brothers began the manufacture of fish meal and fish oil from menhadens.
He was a Democratic member of the New York State Senate (1st D.) in 1890 and 1891, defeating his brother Simeon S. Hawkins who ran on the Republican ticket for re-election.
Edward Hawkins died on June 10, 1908, at his home in Jamesport.
One of his daughters was married to Congressman Joseph M. Belford (1852–1917).
Sources
The New York Red Book compiled by Edgar L. Murlin (published by James B. Lyon, Albany NY, 1897; pg. 403)
Biographical sketches of the members of the Legislature in The Evening Journal Almanac (1891)
Simeon S. Hawkins at Sweezey Genealogy
Capt. Edward Hawkins in NYT on June 11, 1908
1829 births
1908 deaths
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) Democrats
People from Riverhead (town), New York
19th-century American politicians
The Great Bear () is a 2011 Danish computer animated adventure film directed by Esben Toft Jacobsen. The film was also translated to English for international viewers.
Cast
Danish version:
Markus Rygaard as Jonathan (voice)
Alberte Blichfeldt as Sophie (voice)
Flemming Quist Møller as Jægeren (voice)
Elith Nulle Nykjær as Morfar (voice)
English version:
Oliver Lambert as Jonathan (voice)
Lilly Lambert as Sophie (voice)
Jules Werner as The Hunter (voice)
Adrian Diffey as Grandfather (voice)
Dutch version:
Machiel Verbeek as Jonathan (voice)
Lotte Kuijt as Sophie (voice)
Jan Nonhof as Grandfather (voice)
See also
Copenhagen Bombay
References
External links
2011 films
2011 animated films
Danish adventure films
Danish animated fantasy films
2010s Danish-language films
Animated films about bears
Jane Mary Dewey (July 11, 1900 – September 19, 1976) was an American physicist.
Early life and education
Jane Mary Dewey was born in Chicago, the daughter (and sixth child) of philosopher John Dewey and educator Alice Chipman Dewey. Her parents named her in honor of Jane Addams, an activist, sociologist and reformer; and Mary Rozet Smith, a philanthropist who was Addams's longtime companion.
She was educated at the Ethical Culture School and then the Spence School, after which she attended Barnard College, graduating in 1922. She moved from New York to New England for graduate studies, earning a PhD in Physical Chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1925.
Career
After graduating from MIT, Dewey worked for two years researching in the newly emergent field of quantum mechanics with Nobelist Niels Bohr and future-Nobelist Werner Heisenberg as a postdoctoral researcher in Copenhagen. She then moved to Princeton University, where she worked with Karl Taylor Compton with support from a National Research Council fellowship. In 1929, she became a faculty member at the University of Rochester, nominally under the geology department but in fact at the university's Institute of Applied Optics.
Dewey left Rochester for Bryn Mawr College, where she became an assistant professor in 1931. That year, she was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society, and she soon took on the position of department chair. However, her marriage — to fellow physicist J. Alston Clark — broke apart, and her health worsened, forcing her to take medical leave. During her absence, Bryn Mawr replaced her as chair with a male physics professor (Walter C. Michels), and Dewey was unemployed until 1940, when she found a part-time instructor position at Hunter College. Her health suddenly restored, she moved to industry, taking a wartime job at the United States Rubber Company and then, in 1947, a staff position at the Army's Ballistic Research Laboratory (BRL) at Aberdeen Proving Ground, where she headed the Terminal Ballistics Laboratory.
Legacy
Dewey-Mackenzie estimate
In a landmark paper, while at United States Rubber Company, Dewey derived the elastic constants of a solid material filled with non-rigid particles. In 1950, Mackenzie presented a similar derivation for a solid containing spherical holes. They both made the assumption that the distribution of the inclusions is diffuse enough that neighboring inclusions do not affect one another. This has led to similar derivations using this assumption being called "Dewey-Mackenzie estimates." Mackenzie's solution may be considered a special case of the more general and difficult problem that Dewey set herself and succeeded in solving exactly. As of 2021, her paper has been cited over 130 times in scientific journals. In fact, the approach in her original paper is now so well known that it is often referred to only indirectly, as a "Dewey-Mackenzie estimate," without citation.
Slade-Dewey equation
While at BRL, one of her contributions to ballistic science has come to be known as the Slade-Dewey equation, which empirically relates the critical impact velocity Vt for initiating detonation of a solid secondary explosive or propellant to the diameter d of an impacting projectile, , where A and B are empirical constants that depend on the explosive.
Selected publications
References
Barnard College alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Bryn Mawr College faculty
University of Rochester faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
20th-century American physicists
American women physicists
20th-century American women
American women academics
Maelor Way is a key long distance footpath, running 38 kilometres / 24 miles from the Offa's Dyke Path National Trail at Bronygarth to the Shropshire Way, Sandstone Trail, Llangollen Canal, South Cheshire Way, and the Marches Way all at Grindley Brook near Whitchurch.
The route
Most of the way is easy walking across pleasant meadows and through woodlands, mostly in the county borough of Wrexham in Wales, but partly in Cheshire and Shropshire in England.
Many parts of the walk follow waterways: Grindley Brook, the Llangollen Canal, the River Dee, and the river Ceiriog in the Ceiriog Valley.
The way also passes through towns and villages: Overton-on-Dee with its ancient yew trees, one of the Seven Wonders of Wales; Penley, where the wartime Polish Army Hospital once boosted the population threefold, Hanmer, situated on the peaceful mere which gave the village and its local aristocracy, the Hanmer family, their name, Chirk featuring Chirk Castle and Thomas Telfords Chirk Aqueduct.
Further reading
Gordon Emery - Guide to the Maelor Way (1991)
External links
Wrexham County Borough Council guide
The Ramblers Association on the Maelor Way
Route on OpenStreetmap
Long-distance footpaths in the United Kingdom
Footpaths in Cheshire
Recreational walks in Wales
Footpaths in Shropshire
Long-distance footpaths in Wales
AntiVirus Gold is a rogue software developed by ICommerce Solutions S.A. that poses as a legitimate antivirus program. It attempts to persuade users to buy the software by displaying ads and other nagware. It is believed that the name of the program is an attempt at social engineering to confuse people about the legitimate program AVG Anti-Virus.
AntiVirus Gold may be downloaded in a bundle with other software or by some Trojan horse software. Antivirus Gold has also been rebranded under many names such as Antivirus Golden and Antispyware Gold.
Symptoms of infection
In a typical infection, the desktop wallpaper is modified and an advertisement is displayed urging the user to buy Antivirus Gold. Upon clicking on the message, a web browser is opened to point to www.AntiVirus-Gold.com. Users have also reported that they are being directed to the site after clicking on the infected desktop. The program attempts to reinstall itself after a reboot if removed by uninstalling or system restore.
Removal
AntiVirus Gold is detected by common anti-virus programs, including CA Antispyware, the Norton family of security products, and AVG Anti-Virus. Anti-malware programs, such as Malwarebytes' AntiMalware, are also very effective in detecting and removing rogue software such as AntiVirus Gold.
See also
SpySheriff
Rogue security software
References
Rogue software
Rhydderch ap Iestyn (died 1033) was king of Gwent and Morgannwg in south Wales and later took over the kingdom of Deheubarth and controlled Powys.
Comparatively little has been recorded about Rhydderch ab Iestyn in the annals. He appears to have originally been ruler of Gwent and Morgannwg, where his son later continued to have his power base. When Llywelyn ap Seisyll, king of Gwynedd and Deheubarth died unexpectedly in 1023, Rhydderch was able to seize Deheubarth, apparently by force of arms. In 1033 Rhydderch is recorded by Brut y Tywysogion as having been slain by the Irish, but with no explanation of the circumstances.
The kingdom of Deheubarth returned to the original dynasty in the form of Hywel ab Edwin and his brother Maredudd. A battle between Hywel and his brother and the sons of Rhydderch is recorded the following year. In 1045 Rhydderch's son, Gruffydd ap Rhydderch was able to seize Deheubarth from Gruffydd ap Llywelyn and held it for ten years until Gruffydd regained it.
Rhydderch had at least three sons, they were as follows:
Gruffydd ap Rhydderch (died 1055), King of Morgannwg and Deheubarth, killed in battle against Gruffydd ap Llywelyn.
Caradog ap Rhydderch (died 1035), killed by the "Saxons".
Rhys ap Rhydderch (died 5 January 1053), put to death by order of King Edward the Confessor.
Sources
John Edward Lloyd A history of Wales from the earliest times to the Edwardian conquest (Longmans, Green & Co.)
Thomas Jones, ed. Brut y Tywysogion: Peniarth MS. 20 version (Cardiff: University of Wales Press, 1952)
1033 deaths
Monarchs of Deheubarth
Monarchs of Gwent
Monarchs of Morgannwg
11th-century Welsh monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Monarchs of Glywysing
The Kananga Mine is an open pit copper mine near Kolwezi in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is currently officially inactive.
Resources
In September 2007 it was reported that the mine had not been actively mined since March of that year.
Before production stopped, 114,000 tonnes of ore had been mined. The area east of the mine had uneconomical levels of copper, while the western end had been partially mined by Gécamines and more recently by DCP (Democratic Republic of Congo Copper and Cobalt Project).
The remaining inferred mineral resource was 4 million tonnes of ore at a grade of 1.44% copper and 0.74% cobalt.
The area of title was .
Ownership
In March 2004, Dan Gertler International in partnership with Beny Steinmetz Global founded a firm named Global Enterprises Corporate (GEC). In May 2004 GEC signed a preliminary agreement with the state-owned Gécamines, finalized in September that year, to rehabilitate and operate the Kananga and Tilwezembe copper mines.
Gertler and Steinmetz placed GEC'S 75% share in KOV into Nikanor plc, registered in the Isle of Man.
Nikanor's stock was listed on the LSE's Alternative Investment Market in London in July 2006.
In January 2008 Katanga Mining finalized acquisition of Nikanor plc for $452m.
As of March 2010 the mine was the property of KCC, a subsidiary of Katanga Mining in which Gécamines held an interest.
See also
Kamoto mine
Tilwezembe
Dan Gertler
References
External links
Copper mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mining in Lualaba Province
Ohio's 28th senatorial district has historically been based in metro Akron. Currently it consists of a portion of Summit County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 34, 35 and 36. It has a Cook PVI of D+14. Its current Ohio Senator is Democrat Vernon Sykes. He resides in Akron, a city located in Summit County.
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 28th district senator at the 133rd Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Sankarani is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 229 square kilometers and includes 8 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,876. The village of Bambala, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 30 km northwest of Yanfolila on the western shore of Lake Sélingué.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Binbaşıeminbey (or Binbaşı Eminbey) is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Dede Koswara (1971 – January 30, 2016), also known as the "Tree Man", was an Indonesian carpenter with epidermodysplasia verruciformis (EV), a rare disease that causes the human papillomavirus (HPV) to grow uncontrollably, leading to the development of warts resembling tree bark. He received criticism from the people around him for having an unknown disease for most of his life. It was not until his later years that he received notoriety and was given multiple treatments for his condition.
Early years
Dede Koswara was healthy from birth up to his early childhood. At the age of ten, he started to develop warts around his injured knee, which then grew onto his limbs and face. He was unable to afford treatment for the disease and had initially tried to remove one of the larger warts, however the wart eventually regrew. He attempted to live a normal life, working as a craftsman. He married at the age of 18 and had two children. The warts continued to grow uncontrollably, which eventually limited his movements and became dependent on others for daily routines. Having become too dependent, he lost his job, was divorced by his wife, and was separated from his children. His parents offered him to live with them, so as to provide help. He was later hired by a carnival owner to be a part of a traveling freak show.
Later years
In November 2007, a video about Dede Koswara appeared on the Internet. His story was shared on the Discovery Channel and TLC series My Shocking Stories (Extraordinary People) in the episode "Half Man Half Tree". In August 2008, an episode of ABC's Medical Mysteries, titled "Tree Man", was released, which was dedicated to Koswara's story.
In August 2008, he underwent nine operations and had 95% of warts, about 6 kg (13 lb), surgically removed. During this time, his health had significantly improved so much that he regained the use of his hands and feet. However, the warts started to regrow and he was informed that two surgeries a year were necessary to keep the infections down.
Dede Koswara died on 30 January 2016, aged 44, at the Hasan Sadikin Hospital, Bandung, Indonesia, from a series of health problems relating to his condition.
References
Papillomavirus-associated diseases
1971 births
2016 deaths
Indonesian people with disabilities
The National Reformation Council, or NRC, was a group of senior military officers with Brigadier Andrew Juxon-Smith as its chairman, who seized control of the Sierra Leone government on March 23, 1967. They suspended the constitution, arresting Brigadier David Lansana, Commander of the Armed Forces.
A few days previously, in a bloodless coup, Lansana had placed Siaka Stevens, the People's Congress (APC) candidate and Mayor of Freetown, under house arrest and declared martial law; this had been done only hours after Siaka Stevens had been declared the new prime minister by Sierra Leone Governor General Henry Josiah Lightfoot Boston, following closely contested general elections. Lansana acted on the grounds that the determination of office should await the election of the tribal representatives to the house.
The NRC was overthrown in April 1968 by a group of military officers who called themselves the Anti-Corruption Revolutionary Movement (ACRM), led by Brigadier John Amadu Bangura. The ACRM imprisoned senior NRC members, restored the constitution and reinstated Stevens as Prime Minister.
Book reference
History of Sierra Leone
Military dictatorships
Robert McClure was an Irish explorer of the Arctic.
Bob McClure is former Major League Baseball pitcher.
Bob or Robert McClure may also refer to:
Robert A. McClure (1897–1957), American soldier and psychological warfare specialist
Robert B. McClure (1896–1973), American soldier
Robert Baird McClure (1900–1991), Canadian physician and Christian missionary
Bob McClure (footballer) (1925–2003), Australian rules footballer
Bob McClure (Negro leagues) (1891–1931), American Negro leagues baseball player
Bob McClure (politician) (1913–1983), Australian politician
See also
Rob McClure (born 1982), American actor
Ale Smidts (born 1958) is a Dutch organizational theorist, and Professor of Marketing Research at the Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University (RSM). known for his work on organizational identification, and neuromarketing.
Life and work
Smidts grew up in Leeuwarden, where he attended the Lienward College. He obtained his MS at the Wageningen University and Research Centre in 1982, and in 1986 his PhD.
After his graduation Smidts started his academic career at the Wageningen University. In 1997 he was appointed Professor of Marketing Research at the Rotterdam School of Management, where he also chairs the Department of Marketing Management. From 2004 to 2011 he was also Scientific Director of the Erasmus Research Institute of Management (ERIM). Since 2005 he also is Director of the Erasmus Center for Neuroeconomics.
His research interests are in the fields of neuroscience, neuroeconomics and particularly neuromarketing.
Selected publications
Pruyn, Ad, and Ale Smidts. "Effects of waiting on the satisfaction with the service: Beyond objective time measures." International Journal of Research in Marketing 15.4 (1998): 321-334.
Pennings, Joost ME, and Ale Smidts. "Assessing the construct validity of risk attitude." Management Science 46.10 (2000): 1337-1348.
Smidts, Ale, Ad Th H. Pruyn, and Cees B.M. Van Riel. "The impact of employee communication and perceived external prestige on organizational identification." Academy of Management journal 44.5 (2001): 1051-1062.
Leenheer, J., Van Heerde, H. J., Bijmolt, T. H., & Smidts, A. (2007). "Do loyalty programs really enhance behavioral loyalty? An empirical analysis accounting for self-selecting members." International Journal of Research in Marketing, 24(1), 31-47.
Klucharev, V., Hytönen, K., Rijpkema, M., Smidts, A., & Fernández, G. (2009). "Reinforcement learning signal predicts social conformity." Neuron, 61(1), 140-151.
References
External links
A. (Ale) Smidts Professor of Marketing Research at erim.eur.nl.
1958 births
Living people
Dutch business theorists
Wageningen University and Research alumni
Erasmus University Rotterdam faculty
People from Leeuwarden
Beşiktaş is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
The Joiner House is a historic house at 708 Market Street in Searcy, Arkansas. It is a -story brick structure, with asymmetrical massing characteristic of the English Revival architecture. A side gable roof has a large front-projecting gable with half-timbered stucco exterior, and the centered entrance is sheltered by a projecting brick gabled portico. Built in 1928, it is the oldest of Searcy's English Revival houses, and among its most picturesque.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in White County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1928
Houses in Searcy, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Searcy, Arkansas
Tudor Revival architecture in Arkansas
1928 establishments in Arkansas
Escherichia coli (; commonly abbreviated E. coli) is a Gram-negative gammaproteobacterium commonly found in the lower intestine of warm-blooded organisms (endotherms). The descendants of two isolate, K-12 and B strain, are used routinely in molecular biology as both a tool and a model organism.
Diversity
Escherichia coli is one of the most diverse bacterial species, with several pathogenic strains with different symptoms and with only 20% of the genome common to all strains. Furthermore, from the evolutionary point of view, the members of genus Shigella (dysenteriae, flexneri, boydii, sonnei) are actually E. coli strains "in disguise" (i.e. E. coli is paraphyletic to the genus).
History
In 1885, Theodor Escherich, a German pediatrician, first discovered this species in the feces of healthy individuals and called it Bacterium coli commune because it is found in the colon and early classifications of Prokaryotes placed these in a handful of genera based on their shape and motility (at that time Ernst Haeckel's classification of Bacteria in the kingdom Monera was in place).
Following a revision of Bacteria it was reclassified as Bacillus coli by Migula in 1895 and later reclassified as Escherichia coli.
Due to its ease of culture and fast doubling, it was used in the early microbiology experiments; however, bacteria were considered primitive and pre-cellular and received little attention before 1944, when Avery, Macleod and McCarty demonstrated that DNA was the genetic material using Salmonella typhimurium, following which Escherichia coli was used for linkage mapping studies.
Strains
Four of the many E. coli strains (K-12, B, C, and W) are thought of as model organism strains. These are classified in Risk Group 1 in biosafety guidelines.
Escherich's isolate
The first isolate of Escherich was deposited in NCTC in 1920 by the Lister Institute in London (NCTC 86 ).
K-12
A strain was isolated from a stool sample of a patient convalescent from diphtheria and was labelled K-12 (not an antigen) in 1922 at Stanford University. This isolates was used in the 1940s by Charles E. Clifton to study nitrogen metabolism, who deposited it in ATCC (strain ATCC 10798 ) and lent it to Edward Tatum for his tryptophan biosynthesis experiments, despite its idiosyncrasies due to the F+ λ+ phenotype.
In the course of the passages it lost its O antigen and in 1953 was cured first of its lambda phage (strain W1485 by UV by Joshua Lederberg and colleagues) and then in 1985 of the F plasmid by acridine orange curing. Strains derived from MG1655 include DH1, parent of DH5α and in turn of DH10B (rebranded as TOP10 by Invitrogen).
An alternative lineage from W1485 is that of W2637 (which contains an inversion rrnD-rrnE), which in turn resulted in W3110.
Due to the lack of specific record-keeping, the "pedigree" of strains was not available and had to be inferred by consulting lab-book and records in order to set up the E. coli Genetic Stock Centre at Yale by Barbara Bachmann. The different strains have been derived through treating E. coli K-12 with agents such as nitrogen mustard, ultra-violet radiation, X-ray etc. An extensive list of Escherichia coli K-12 strain derivatives and their individual construction, genotypes, phenotypes, plasmids and phage information can be viewed at Ecoliwiki.
B strain
A second common laboratory strain is the B strain, whose history is less straightforward and the first naming of the strain as E. coli B was by Delbrück and Luria in 1942 in their study of bacteriophages T1 and T7. The original E. coli B strain, known then as Bacillus coli, originated from Félix d'Herelle from the Institut Pasteur in
Paris around 1918 who studied bacteriophages, who claimed that it originated from Collection of the Institut Pasteur, but no strains of that period exist. The strain of d'Herelle was passed to Jules Bordet, Director of the Institut Pasteur du Brabant in Bruxelles and his student André Gratia. The former passed the strain to Ann Kuttner ("the Bact. coli obtained
from Dr. Bordet") and in turn to Eugène Wollman (B. coli Bordet), whose son deposited it in 1963 (CIP 63.70) as "strain BAM" (B American), while André Gratia passed the strain to Martha Wollstein, a researcher at Rockefeller, who refers to the strain as "Brussels strain of Bacillus coli" in 1921, who in turn passed it to Jacques Bronfenbrenner (B. coli P.C.), who passed it to Delbrück and Luria.
This strain gave rise to several other strains, such as REL606 and BL21.
C strain
E. coli C is morphologically distinct from other E. coli strains; it is more spherical in shape and has a distinct distribution of its nucleoid.
W strain
The W strain was isolated from the soil near Rutgers University by Selman Waksman.
Role in biotechnology
Because of its long history of laboratory culture and ease of manipulation, E. coli also plays an important role in modern biological engineering and industrial microbiology. The work of Stanley Norman Cohen and Herbert Boyer in E. coli, using plasmids and restriction enzymes to create recombinant DNA, became a foundation of biotechnology.
Considered a very versatile host for the production of heterologous proteins, researchers can introduce genes into the microbes using plasmids, allowing for the mass production of proteins in industrial fermentation processes. Genetic systems have also been developed which allow the production of recombinant proteins using E. coli. One of the first useful applications of recombinant DNA technology was the manipulation of E. coli to produce human insulin. Modified E. coli have been used in vaccine development, bioremediation, and production of immobilised enzymes.
E. coli have been used successfully to produce proteins previously thought difficult or impossible in E. coli, such as those containing multiple disulfide bonds or those requiring post-translational modification for stability or function. The cellular environment of E. coli is normally too reducing for disulphide bonds to form, proteins with disulphide bonds therefore may be secreted to its periplasmic space, however, mutants in which the reduction of both thioredoxins and glutathione is impaired also allow disulphide bonded proteins to be produced in the cytoplasm of E. coli. It has also been used to produce proteins with various post-translational modifications, including glycoproteins by using the N-linked glycosylation system of Campylobacter jejuni engineered into E. coli. Efforts are currently under way to expand this technology to produce complex glycosylations.
Studies are also being performed into programming E. coli to potentially solve complicated mathematics problems such as the Hamiltonian path problem.
Model organism
E. coli is frequently used as a model organism in microbiology studies. Cultivated strains (e.g. E. coli K-12) are well-adapted to the laboratory environment, and, unlike wild type strains, have lost their ability to thrive in the intestine. Many lab strains lose their ability to form biofilms. These features protect wild type strains from antibodies and other chemical attacks, but require a large expenditure of energy and material resources.
In 1946, Joshua Lederberg and Edward Tatum first described the phenomenon known as bacterial conjugation using E. coli as a model bacterium, and it remains a primary model to study conjugation. E. coli was an integral part of the first experiments to understand phage genetics, and early researchers, such as Seymour Benzer, used E. coli and phage T4 to understand the topography of gene structure. Prior to Benzer's research, it was not known whether the gene was a linear structure, or if it had a branching pattern.
E. coli was one of the first organisms to have its genome sequenced; the complete genome of E. coli K-12 was published by Science in 1997.
Lenski's long-term evolution experiment
The long-term evolution experiments using E. coli, begun by Richard Lenski in 1988, have allowed direct observation of major evolutionary shifts in the laboratory. In this experiment, one population of E. coli unexpectedly evolved the ability to aerobically metabolize citrate. This capacity is extremely rare in E. coli. As the inability to grow aerobically is normally used as a diagnostic criterion with which to differentiate E. coli from other, closely related bacteria such as Salmonella, this innovation may mark a speciation event observed in the lab.
References
Escherichia coli
Gram-negative bacteria
Wojcieszyn () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Wojcieszyn
Gałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Pilaszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
External links
Jewish Community in Pilaszków on Virtual Shtetl
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Bouvrage is a soft drink produced by Ella Drinks Limited near Brechin, Angus, Scotland. The original Bouvrage is made with raspberry juice (as well as lightly carbonated water, sugar, citric acid and flavourings).
The company has since introduced two other drinks, one made with blaeberries and the other with strawberries.
The drink is generally sampled at food fairs in Scotland and is sold at delicatessens and independent food stores.
References
Scottish drinks
Angus, Scotland
The London Bullion Market Association (now known simply as LBMA), established in 1987, is the international trade association representing the global Over The Counter (OTC) bullion market, and defines itself as "the global authority on precious metals". It has a membership of approximately 150 firms globally, including traders, refiners, producers, miners, fabricators, as well as those providing storage and secure carrier services.
Functions
LBMA's mission “is to add value to the global precious metals industry, by setting standards and developing market services, thereby ensuring the highest levels of integrity, transparency and trust.”
LBMA drives governance and continuous improvement of the market, ensuring all market participants can operate with confidence. LBMA is the standard-setting organisation that defines how precious metals are refined as well as traded, demonstrating this through its management of the globally acknowledged London Good Delivery Lists and Responsible Sourcing programme, as well as the publication in 2017 of the Global Precious Metals Code alongside a requirement for all LBMA members to commit to its adherence.
LBMA works with miners, investors, fabricators, ETFs, refiners, manufacturers, consumers, civil society and central banks from around the world. In addition to acting as the voice of the global precious metals market, LBMA is the contact point for regulators, investors and clients.
LBMA has always worked closely with London Precious Metals Clearing Limited (LPMCL), which organises and co-ordinates bullion clearing and vaulting in London for OTC transactions taking place around the world. In 2017 LBMA assumed responsibility for the administrative functions of the LPMCL. It also has a close working relationship with the London Platinum & Palladium Market (LPPM) and there is cross-representation on the Management Committees or Boards of each organisation.
Board and Committees
The LBMA Board has an independent Chairman, as well as Non-Executive Directors, which ensure the independence of the governance of the LBMA. Additionally, there are also elected Market Directors who sit on the Board and ensure the market is steering the development of the Association. Beyond that there are sub-committees and working groups, in which market participants can be engaged and steer the broad spectrum of work undertaken by the LBMA.
History
The Brazilian gold rush in the 17th century, and the subsequent gold rushes of California, Australia and South Africa resulted in an influx of gold into the UK. The Bank of England established a bullion vault in London as a result. In 1750 the Bank of England sought to standardise the quality of the gold bars being stored, and so established the London Good Delivery List, originally named the List of Acceptable Melters and Assayers. The List formally recognised those refineries who produced gold bars to a certain standard and could therefore be allowed to enter the London market.
By 1850, five companies - N M Rothschild & Sons, Mocatta & Goldsmid, Pixley & Abell, Samuel Montagu & Co. and Sharps Wilkins had been established. The term London Gold Market refers to these five companies who formed to oversee the operation of the gold market in London. In 1919, it set up the first Gold Price fix at Rothschild's offices. The London Gold Market was also responsible for Good Delivery accreditations and the maintenance of the Good Delivery List.
LBMA was established in 1987 in recognition by the Bank of England of the need for an independent body to oversee the custody, maintenance and regulation of the Good Delivery List, separate from the London Gold Market's increasing number of participants. Its founding CEO was Chris Elston, formerly of the BoE and its founding Chairman was Robert Guy.
LBMA has maintained the gold and also the silver Good Delivery Lists since 1987. Since then LBMA has expanded its focus, services and expertise to focus on the entire global wholesale precious metals market. LBMA has close ties to all stakeholders within the market, including the London Platinum and Palladium Market, London Precious Metals Clearing Ltd, central banks and regulatory bodies.
Membership
LBMA has four main types of Membership: Market-Making Member, Full Member, Affiliate Member, Exchange Affiliate Member and additionally, one Associate membership.
Full Members are organisations which are actively involved in the London bullion market. For example, for entities that trade, this means trading gold or silver bullion or related derivatives such as forwards and options in the "Loco London" market. Members also include fabricators, brokers, refiners and shippers. A number of Members have been reclassified as Market Makers.
Market Makers have the same rights as Full members but also have the additional responsibility to quote bid and offer prices to each other during the London business day, for agreed minimum quantities and tenors in both gold and silver. Market Makers must provide this service across one or more products, being Spot, Options and Forwards. There are thirteen LBMA Market Makers who provide the service in one, two or all three products.
The Associate category includes many different types of market participants. For instance Associates may be traders in other markets. If so, they must have bullion based relationships with LBMA Members. Alternatively, Associates may be companies whose activities are judged to be relevant to the London bullion market, such as inspection, assaying and consultancy.
The main difference in terms of status within the LBMA for Full Members versus Associates is that Associates do not have voting rights. Associates also have more limited options for sponsoring other applications. In the UK bullion market, Associates are not considered by HM Revenue and Customs as members of the market and hence cannot trade under the terms of the Terminal Markets Order. Refiners need to apply for GDL status before they can become an Associate.
Applying for membership
LBMA coordinates and strictly manages the membership application process. All applicants must nominate three Attesters to support their application. Attesters are selected from the existing membership, with the exact choice dependent upon the type of membership applied for and the applicant's industry type. Submitted applications are presented to the Membership Committee for consideration prior to its recommendations being put forward to the CEO and Board for approval.
Global Precious Metals Code
The Global Precious Metals Code, launched on 25 May 2017 (with some minor amendments made in April, 2018), sets out the standards and best practice expected from market participants in the global Over the Counter (OTC) wholesale precious metals market.
Adherence to the Code
The Code is intended to define a robust, fair, effective and transparent market where all participants are able to transact following best practice guidelines. It sets out a common set of principles to promote the integrity and effective functioning of the global market covering ethics, governance, compliance and risk management, information sharing and business conduct.
All market participants involved in the global wholesale precious metals market are expected to act according to the principles of the Code. LBMA members were required to attest their conformance with the Code by signing a Statement of Commitment by 1 June 2018.
On 6 February 2018, the Bank of England issued a Statement of Commitment to the Code. By doing so the Bank is demonstrating that it is committed to adhering to the principles of the Code when acting as a market participant within the market, and that its internal practices and processes are aligned with the principles of the Code.
London Good Delivery
Central to LBMA's quality assurance work is the maintenance and publication of the Good Delivery Lists for gold and silver. These lists comprise accredited gold and silver refineries that meet the stringent acceptance criteria. Listed refineries are eligible to produce and ship Good Delivery bars into London. These bars are used to underpin the global OTC gold and silver trades that are settled loco-London. The London Good Delivery standard is universally acknowledged as the de facto international benchmark for the quality of large gold and silver bars.
The List is also used (under licence) by many Futures Exchanges around the world to determine which bars are accepted in their own markets.
Good Delivery Accreditation
LBMA manages the accreditation process for all Good Delivery listed refiners. This process involves an examination of the company's history and current relationship with the market, its financial standing, its sourcing and refining methods as well as its assaying techniques and abilities. Refiners are required to produce a set of sample bars as part of the process that are inspected for their quality and then independently assayed to ensure that the refiner meets the minimum specifications for consistency, specificity and accuracy in determining the bar's fineness.
LBMA proactively monitors all accredited refiners on a three-year cycle to ensure that the high standards continue to be met.
Good Delivery Bars
LBMA Good Delivery refiners produce 400-ounce gold bars or 1000 ounce silver bars (also known as ‘large' or ‘market' bars) that conform to the strict specifications described in the Good Delivery Rules. The Good Delivery Rules defines what is acceptable when it comes to the appearance and the shape of the bars themselves.
Responsible sourcing
LBMA's Responsible Sourcing Programme began back in 2011 in response to US legislation such as Dodd Frank (signed into law by President Obama on 21 July 2010) and legislation concerning conflict minerals.
From its origin, it has always followed the OECD five-step due diligence process as laid out in the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas. LBMA's Responsible Gold Guidance (RGG) (Version 6) was the document first reviewed by the OECD in 2016. Following this, LBMA took the opportunity to clarify some of the language used and expand sections on sourcing responsibly for artisanal and small-scale mines when developing Version 7. This was published in September 2017 and came into force on 1 January 2018.
The OECD Alignment Assessment Findings report states "Many of the core principles of the OECD Guidance were incorporated into the requirements of the RGG (v6). These have been further improved by the revisions introduced by RGG (v7) and the LBMA's standards are now fully aligned with all the overarching due principles of the OECD Guidance.”
Responsible Sourcing Programme Expansion
LBMA continues to expand the range of activities falling within the scope of our Responsible Sourcing Programme. Responsible Silver Guidance was launched in September 2017 and came into force on 1 January 2018. The Responsible Platinum & Palladium Guidance has also been developed and published recently.
This framework, based on the OECD Due Diligence Guidance, gives assurance to investors and consumers that all London gold, silver, platinum and palladium stocks that underpin the global OTC market are conflict-free as well as compliant with international anti-money laundering laws.
Data
Bullion Holdings in Vaults
Vaulting Statistics were first published by LBMA in 2017. According to this data, amount of gold and silver physically held in London vaults is currently more than 7,700 tonnes of gold and 33,700 tonnes of silver. The gold alone is valued in excess of $330 billion, more than the reported value of the metal held in Fort Knox, Kentucky and second only to the entire holdings of the US Government.
Trade Reporting
It is anticipated that the true size of the global over-the-counter market in gold, silver, platinum and palladium will be known in 2018. Not only will the actual volume be known for the first time, but the data collected will help form LBMA's dialogue with regulators on matters such as Net Stable Funding Ratio and other measures under Basel III.
LBMA-i is the vehicle by which trade reporting will be collated. It has been set up by Simplitium (formerly known as Boat Services Ltd) on behalf of LBMA. This was in response to the recommendations of the Fair and Effective Markets Review – which was led by the Bank of England and co-chaired by the Financial Conduct Authority and HM Treasury – for greater clarity in financial markets.
It is mandatory for all LBMA members to participate in LBMA-i by reporting their transactions, and there are sanctions for those that do not comply.
The primary responsibility for trade reporting remains with Simplitium to make sure that the scope remains relevant, that all legal and regulatory requirements are met, and that information published does not impinge any confidentiality requirements.
Precious Metals Prices Limited (PMPL)
LBMA's wholly owned subsidiary, Precious Metals Prices Limited, owns the Intellectual Property Rights for the daily spot benchmark prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium. The administration and calculation of the prices are managed by independent third parties across electronic auction platforms. LBMA Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium Prices are the only globally recognised benchmarks for precious metals.
Events
LBMA organises a variety of industry events featuring leading experts, including the Annual Precious Metals Conference, traditionally held at a different location each year. The 2018 conference will be held in Boston, while in previous years conferences have been held in Barcelona, Singapore, Vienna, Shanghai, Rome, Berlin, Hong Kong, Kyoto and Montreal.
The Assaying and Refining Conference is held in London every two years, with the next event taking place on 17–20 March 2019. This event gathers together those working within the world of assaying and refining, attracting people from within the list of accredited Good Delivery refiners, and also without.
LBMA also coordinates a rolling programme of committee meetings and working groups to oversee and assist its work. Social events are organised to facilitate networking for a wide range of market participants, including a Biennial Dinner and an annual party.
References
External links
International organisations based in London
Precious metals as investment
Surrey Street in the City of Westminster, London, runs from Strand in the north to Temple Place in the south. It was built on land once occupied by Arundel House and its gardens.
History
Surrey Street was built on land once occupied by Arundel House and its gardens, the property of the Howard family, Dukes of Norfolk. Surrey Street and its neighbouring streets, Arundel, Howard, and Norfolk, were all built after Arundel House was demolished by the earl of Arundel in 1678.
The street was joined on its eastern side by Howard Street before that street was demolished in the 1970s. The entire western half of the street has formed part of the Strand Campus of King's College London since the end of World War II.
Former inhabitants
Former inhabitants of Surrey Street include the diarist John Evelyn in 1696 and the dramatist William Congreve in the early eighteenth century.
References
External links
Streets in the City of Westminster
Stonyhurst College is Roman Catholic and has had a significant place in English Catholic history for many centuries (including more chequered moments such as the Popish Plot and Gunpowder Plot conspiracies). In 1803 the Society of Jesus was re-established in Britain at Stonyhurst and the school became the headquarters of the English Province. Until the 1920s Jesuit priests were trained on site in what is today the preparatory school. The school continues to place Catholicism and Jesuit philosophy at its core. The present chaplain is Fr. Tim Curtis SJ.
Jesuit Tradition
Stonyhurst is distinguished by the central and distinctive Jesuit ethos "creating men and women for others". The Jesuit mission statement is "Creating people of Good Judgement, Clarity of Thought, and Principled Leaders for the Next Generation".
The Jesuit ethos has three central components:
Creating men and women for others
Stonyhurst has a long and well-developed tradition of voluntary service, helping students to understand the problems faced by disadvantaged people. This tradition had evolved today into the Arrupe programme named after the Jesuit priest Pedro Arrupe from Spain. The programme places students in a wide variety of community settings with the aim that every student will have volunteered during their time at school. Students are encouraged to develop and use their skills to contribute to society; Medicine and the Law are popular career choices for example. One of the opportunities that students have through being part of the wider Jesuit community is the "Chiwirangwe" (a Shona word meaning 'we will struggle together') project that twins Stonyhurst with the Jesuit school, St Peter's Kubatana (in Zimbabwe). The project is organised as part of their Companions programme that twins all nine UK Jesuit schools with Jesuit schools around the world. Stonyhurst alumni have the opportunity to take a gap year working in Jesuit projects around the world.
Pupils run, under the supervision of adult trustees, their own charity, Learning to Care, raising money for various causes. St Mary's Hall has its equivalent called Children for Children. Each year the S.C.H.T. (Stonyhurst Children's Holiday Trust) Week takes place at St Mary's Hall. It is funded largely through the sale of Christmas cards and the Poetry Banquet, which is organised and managed by pupils. During the holiday week, as it is known, Poets and Rhetoricians (lower and upper sixth-formers) volunteer a week of their summer holiday in order to look after disadvantaged or disabled children from local schools, giving them an enjoyable holiday, with activities and trips out, which they would otherwise be unable to experience.
Ignatian spirituality
This, based on the Spiritual Exercises of St Ignatius of Loyola, is confident, inclusive and outward looking, encouraging the school and its students to engage with the complexities of modern life. A Jesuit Catholic education provides both a solid grounding in the teachings of the Catholic Church whilst also encouraging a robust philosophical engagement with faith and moral issues. The Jesuit retreats that pupils experience aim to lay the foundations for a lifelong personal relationship with God. The school also runs a thriving Easter Retreat each year for the Association, parents and friends.
Development of Reasoning Skills
Well developed reasoning skills are seen as essentially both for students to think through their faith and to be effective in the contributions they make to society. The Jesuits remain at the fore in the intellectual life of the Catholic Church. With many universities worldwide, they run colleges in both Oxford (Campion Hall) and London (Heythrop College).
Jesuit Presence
In recent years the number of Jesuits at the school has slowly diminished, but the school nevertheless keeps a very strong connection with the order through its history, retreats, religious life, the governing body and a small Jesuit community which now resides in the Old Infirmary. Since the Second Vatican Council the Jesuits have worked hard to develop a partnership between lay and religious people. Jesuit schools are supported through a strong network co-ordinated by a Director of Education based in London. Roman Catholicism and the Jesuit identity are still very much at the heart of the school, reflected in its ethos and relationship to the community. The spiritual life of the school is led by a Jesuit chaplain and lay chaplaincy team, based in the Emmaus Centre adjoining the Do Room, the former Jesuit Refectory. It is a long-standing practice that pupils write A.M.D.G. in the top left hand corner of any piece of work they do. It stands for the Latin phrase Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam (For the Greater Glory of God). At the end of a piece of work they write L.D.S. in the centre of the page. It stands for Laus Deo Semper (Praise to God Always); both of which are traditional Jesuit mottoes.
Pater Noster
A distinguishing feature of Stonyhurst is the singing of the Pater Noster, the "Lord's Prayer" in Latin. It is not only sung at Mass; pupils learn it by heart and sing it with pride as an anthem before sporting events.
style="font-size:100%;"
Pater noster, qui es in caelis:
sanctificetur Nomen Tuum;
adveniat Regnum Tuum;
fiat voluntas Tua,
sicut in caelo, et in terra.
Panem nostrum cotidianum da nobis hodie;
et dimitte nobis debita nostra,
Sicut et nos dimittimus debitoribus nostris;
et ne nos inducas in tentationem;
sed libera nos a Malo.
Amen.
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name;
thy kingdom come;
thy will be done,
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread.
And forgive us our trespasses,
as we forgive them who trespass against us.
And lead us not into temptation;
but deliver us from evil.
Amen.
Places of worship
The school has one main church, St Peter's, and five chapels: The Boys' (College Chapel), Angels, the St Aloysius Chapel and the St Ignatius Chapel, both within the towers of St Peter's Church, and the Sodality. The latter is the home of the remains of third century Roman convert Saint Gordianus. His bones have rested beneath the altar since 1859, having travelled with the Jesuits from the College of St Omer. He was temporarily removed again in 2006 while the chapel underwent restoration, but has since been returned. The Chapel is once again used by the re-established Sodality.
The interior of the Victorian St Peter's Church was ornately decorated with angels and elaborate patterns until the 1950s when these were white-washed over. The Bayley Room was originally a chapel in the old hall, and at one time the present day Classics Department was a staff chapel. The original Boys' Chapel is now Higher Line Common Room.
Religious Publications
The school runs its own publication company, St Omers Press from the original 1838 observatory in the gardens. It was established at the College of St Omer where, in its early days, it concentrated on producing controversial works on theology and devotions to be sent over to England at a time when such literature was illegal there. Its first publications date from 1608 and include John Wilson's English Martyrologe.
Today, the press continues to publish Catholic literature, notably the Glory to God prayer books which feature prayers and photographs contributed by pupils, and are given to leavers of the school as a gift. The College curator has recently acquired an Albion Printing Press which will be used by pupils in a newly designated printing room, a successor to the Octagon Press which fell out of use in the 1980s.
Patron Saint
The school's patron saint is Aloysius Gonzaga. A small chapel in one of the towers of St Peter's Church is dedicated to him, while scenes from his life are depicted in the large murals above the tabernacle of the Boys' Chapel.
Our Lady
The Jesuits' founder, St Ignatius of Loyola, in his Spiritual Exercises asks the reader to pray to Our Lady, and through Our Lady to offer themselves as poor servants to her Son. Following these guidelines the school has always kept the feast days of Our Lady, and has a number of statues and altars dedicated to her. The school has the Lady's Statue, which sits at the top of a grand avenue to the school. The long avenue became a useful place for processions, such as the grand Corpus Christi processions, and to add to the religious experience the statue of Our Lady was erected by the school (in 1882) at the top of it. The statue is a replica of one put up in Rome by Pius IX in honour of the Immaculate Conception.
Inside the school, depictions of Our Lady's life are in all areas of the school.
Outside the Boys Chapel, there is a statue of Our Lady with the baby Jesus, and in the past during the month of May, May Verses were exhibited here.
Early on in the development of the Society of Jesus, they founded and promoted the Sodality of Our Lady, their primary organisation for their students until the 1960s, which they used to encourage frequent attendance at Mass, reception of communion, daily recitation of the Rosary, and attendance at retreats. The Sodality Chapel of Our Lady at Stonyhurst is situated near the Arundel Library, and recently the Association re-founded the Sodality.
The school's dedication to Our Lady is also very apparent outside the school, as it has attended the Catholic Association Pilgrimage since 1963/4. The connection to Lourdes is extremely important to the school, and in celebration of the 150th anniversary a new Rosary Garden and statue were built in front of the historic building. Also, in the 1960s the college received a piece of rock from the Grotto, as a gift from the Soubirous family (St Bernadette's family), and this is on show near the Angels Chapel.
Classroom names
Each of the general classrooms on the Upper and Lower Galleries of the school is named after a saint. Formerly they were named after the classes which mostly occupied them but the creation of study centres for each playroom meant that no one class became associated with a particular room. A short biography of each saint hangs on the wall of each classroom.
The general classrooms:
Clitherow
Garnet
Gonzaga
Southwell
Xavier
See also
Stonyhurst College
Stonyhurst Estate
College of St Omer
Stonyhurst Saint Mary's Hall
Hodder Place
Stonyhurst Gospel
Eagle Aid
Roman Catholic Church
Society of Jesus
St Ignatius, founder of the Jesuits
St Aloysius Gonzaga, patron saint
References
Sources
Chadwick, Hubert, S.J. (1962). St Omers to Stonyhurst, Burns & Oats. No ISBN
Muir, T.E. (1992). Stonyhurst College 1593–1993, James & James (Publishers) Ltd.
The Authorities of Stonyhurst College (1963), A Stonyhurst Handbook for Visitors and Others, Third edition
Hewitson, A. (Preston, 1878), Stonyhurst College, Present and Past: Its History, Discipline, Treasures and Curiosities, Second edition
Stonyhurst College website
Betts, MJW, Our Lady of Stonyhurst. From Catholic Association Pilgrimage website
Stonyhurst College
Industrial Nature is the regeneration of natural vegetation on industrial sites; the invasion of abandoned or disused industrial sites by colonising species; or new plantings on abandoned, disused or remediated industrial sites. The underlying principal is that the historical industrial use of landscapes or sites creates a new environment which species can use either by design as in the case of a park or revegetated area, or by colonisation.
The concept has its origins in Germany, specifically at the Emscher Landscape Park in the Ruhr, (of which the Landschaftspark Duisburg-Nord is the best known example) and has been applied at the Sudgelande Park in Berlin.
Another example can be found at the Deutsches Technikmuseum German Museum of Technology (Berlin), at the former locomotive workshops and goods yard (Anhalter Güterbahnhof) of Berlin-Anhalt Railway Company. Here much of the goods yards and part of the roundhouse complex has been left as a ruin, colonised by a variety of non-native plants.
See also
Brownfields
Cultural landscape
References
Bothmann, Frank, and Sabine Auer. 2009. The New Emscher Valley – Reshaping an urban Landscape creates regional Identity. In REAL CORP 2009: Cities 3.0 – smart, sustainable, integrative. Strategies, concepts and technologies for planning the urban future, edited by M. SCHRENK, V. V. POPOVICH, D. ENGELKE and P. ELISEI.
Drexler, Justina 2005. Post-Industrial Nature in the Coal Mine of Göttelborn, Germany: The Integration of Ruderal Vegetation in the Conversion of a Brownfield, in Wild Urban Woodlands New Perspectives for Urban Forestry, edited by I. Kowarik and S. Körner. Berlin: Springer
External links
International Brownfields Case Study: Emscher Park, Germany
Nature
Cultural heritage
Cultural landscapes
Yu Xiang (born 9 April 1962) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ángel Miguel Rondón (born December 1, 1997) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. Rondón signed with the St. Louis Cardinals as an international free agent in 2016. He made his MLB debut with the Cardinals in 2021.
Professional career
St. Louis Cardinals
Rondón signed with the St. Louis Cardinals as an international free agent on January 6, 2016. He made his professional debut that year with the Rookie-level Dominican Summer League Cardinals, going 2–2 with a 2.79 ERA over 42 innings.
In 2017, he played with the Dominican League Cardinals, the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League Cardinals, and the Johnson City Cardinals of the Rookie-level Appalachian League, going a combined 3–4 with a 3.14 ERA over 14 games (11 starts) between the three clubs. He spent 2018 with the State College Spikes of the Class A Short Season New York–Penn League and the Peoria Chiefs of the Class A Midwest League, posting a 3–6 record and a 3.17 ERA over 15 starts with both teams, striking out 80 batters over 88 innings. He played in 2019 with the Palm Beach Cardinals of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League (where he was named an All-Star) and the Springfield Cardinals of the Class AA Texas League, pitching to an 11–7 record, a 2.93 ERA, and 159 strikeouts over 160 innings and 28 starts with both clubs. Following the season, the Cardinals named Rondón their Minor League Pitcher of the Year.
Rondón did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. After the 2020 season, the Cardinals added him to their 40-man roster. To begin the 2021 season, he was assigned to the Memphis Redbirds of the Triple-A East League. On June 5, 2021, Rondón was promoted to the major leagues for the first time. He made his MLB debut the next day, pitching a scoreless inning of relief against the Cincinnati Reds. In the game, he also recorded his first major league strikeout, against Jonathan India. On July 8, 2022, the Cardinals designated him for assignment.
San Francisco Giants
On July 13, 2022, the San Francisco Giants acquired him off waivers from the Cardinals. He was designated for assignment on July 26. He was released on August 10, 2022.
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Major League Baseball pitchers
St. Louis Cardinals players
Dominican Summer League Cardinals players
Gulf Coast Cardinals players
Johnson City Cardinals players
State College Spikes players
Peoria Chiefs players
Palm Beach Cardinals players
Springfield Cardinals players
Memphis Redbirds players
Águilas Cibaeñas players
The Borda House, located on 27, 29 and 33 Madero Street, and 26-28 Bolivar streets in the historic center of Mexico City, originally belonged to the Frenchman José de la Borda (Joseph de Laborde) who was one of the richest men in New Spain in the 18th century. It stands out due to its notable architectural features such as the sculpted stone decorative details on the ground floor. The original building encompassed the entire city block. It had various inner courtyards, and Borda had an ironwork balcony built all the way around the building, supported by angles in the shape of rooster feet. This allowed one to walk all the way around the building on the outside.
The original building
This mansion was built as a gift for Borda's wife of 16 years, Teresa Verdugo y Aragonés and it was intended to rival that of Hernán Cortés and his descendants. It is located near the old monastery of San Francisco and the Palace of Iturbide. It was built by the most famous architect of the time, Francisco Antonio Guerrero y Torres and covered an entire city block, bounded by 2nd San Francisco, Coliseo, Colegio de Niñas and Espiritu Santo Streets. Today these streets are known as Madero, Bolivar, 16 de Septiembre and Motolinia. It had three floors, covered in red tezontle rock and grey white sandstone. Near the main entrance was a large niche with a statue of the Virgin of Guadalupe. The original building had two floors with ironwork railing that wound around the entire building on the second and third floors.
The interior had a monumental library, four dining rooms, 25 alcoves, three kitchens, two stables, three offices and two chapels. The entire interior was richly decorated with carpets, heavy curtains, paintings, porcelain, clocks, sculptures, and richly carved furniture.
The current building
Over the centuries, the mansion was fragmented and most of it demolished, leaving today five plots, four of which contain the original façade and double balcony. The building on 28 Bolivar street which houses the Hotel Coliseo has an early 20th-century façade, but the lower inner part is original of the Casa Borda. At the beginning of the 20th century, number 33 on Madero street was home to the Salón Rojo, one of the first movie houses in the city. The Salón Rojo was created by Salvador Toscano and then reinaugurated by German Camus and featured an electric escalator. In the 1950s, it housed an upscale carpet business and then it was a post office. In the later 20th century, it was bought by the Santander Serfin bank and part of it used as the Serfin Museum. The museum offered a small collection of indigenous clothing and colonial-era garb. It has a kind of embroidery and featherwork “dictionary” designed to explain the significance of the different designs found in the exhibits. Unfortunately, it closed a few years ago. Number 26 on the Bolivar side is the only remaining plot which has all the original interiors from the 18th century, all the other plots were demolished, with just the façades remaining. It housed the Harem Baths in the first part of the 20th century, remaining as a witness a tile panel representing Neptune on the stables court. At the beginning of the new millennium, it was completely renovated and rescued by the Yturbe family.
References
Museums in Mexico City
Historic house museums in Mexico
Houses in Mexico City
Historic center of Mexico City
Houses completed in the 18th century
Spanish Colonial architecture in Mexico
Korfowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Korfowe
Higgins Corner is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, California. It lies at an elevation of 1427 feet (435 m). Higgins Corner is located south of Grass Valley.
History
Higgins Corner was named after a Gold Rush settler, Michael J. Higgins. The name, Higgins Corner was first recorded in the 1860s. Michael J. Higgins homesteaded 160 acres of land at Wolf Road. A long time resident (since 1955), Willard Shoellerman, states that the area has been called Higgins Corner for a century.
A Bill Higgins arrived in the area in the late 1800s; while he coincidentally shared the name Higgins, he was not related to Michael J. Higgins.
During the Gold Rush times, the Higgins Corner Bar was the meeting place that a gold-running gang used as their headquarters. This resulted in the kidnapping and eventual killing of several children.
In 1952 a temporary San Quentin prisoner forestry camp was located at Higgins Corner.
Description
A 2014 article on Higgins Corner states that the area includes the Lake of the Pines housing development, several small-scale shopping centers, the Forest Lake christian school, the Higgins Lions community club, six churches, several ranches and "cottage home businesses". It also has a fire department that provides service for the area along with the Higgins County Department of Forestry.
The Lake of the Pines housing complex was formerly a cattle ranch. As of the 1980s it contained 3,000 lots, that sustained housing for 4,500 residents.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Higgins Corner has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
References
External links
Higgins Corner, California Area Development Plan
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Nevada County, California
MaryAnn Eaddy Black (October 3, 1943 – March 25, 2020) was an American clinical social worker and politician.
Black was born in Manhattan in New York City, New York. She moved with her family to Florence, South Carolina, and graduated from Wilson High School. She received her bachelor's degree in English from Benedict College and master's degree in social work from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Black lived in Durham, North Carolina, and was a clinical social worker. Black served on the Durham County Board of Commissioners from 1990 to 2002 and was chair of the county board (1996-2002).
In 2017, Black was appointed as a Democrat to the North Carolina House of Representatives by governor Roy Cooper and served until her death in 2020 at age 76. She was not seeking re-election to the North Carolina General Assembly. Black was undergoing treatment for cancer when she died her home in Durham, North Carolina, on March 25, 2020.
Notes
External links
1943 births
2020 deaths
People from Florence, South Carolina
Politicians from Durham, North Carolina
Politicians from Manhattan
Benedict College alumni
UNC School of Social Work alumni
American social workers
North Carolina Democrats
Women state legislators in North Carolina
County commissioners in North Carolina
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
Deaths from cancer in North Carolina
21st-century American women
The East Natuna gas field (former name: Natuna D-Alpha block) is a large natural gas field located in the South China Sea off northern Natuna Island, Indonesia. It is within the disagreed area claimed by China.
History
The field was discovered in 1973 by Agip. In 1980, the Indonesian state-owned oil company Pertamina and Exxon formed a joint venture to develop Natuna D-Alpha. However, due to the high content the partnership was not able to start production. In 1995, the Indonesian government signed a contract with Exxon but in 2007, the contract was terminated. In 2008, the block was awarded to Pertamina.
The new agreement was signed between Pertamina and ExxonMobil in 2010. Correspondingly, the field was renamed East Natuna to be geographically more precise. In 2011, the principal of agreement was signed between Pertamina, ExxonMobil, Total S.A. and Petronas. In 2012, Petronas was replaced by PTT Exploration and Production. As of 2016, negotiations about the new principal of agreement have not finalized and consequently, a production sharing contract is not signed.
Reserves and development
The East Natuna gas field is located in the Greater Sarawak Basin (East Natuna Basin) about north of Jakarta and northeast of the Natuna Islands covering approximately . The reservoir is at a water depth of within the Miocene Terumbu Formation with a crest at subsea. A maximum column height is . The thickness of the formation varies between . The estimated resource in place of the East Natuna field is around , of which total proven reserves of natural gas are , and production is forecast to be around . The content of the resource is about 71%.
The development of East Natuna is expected to cost US$20–40 billion. To save costs, the joint development of East Natuna, Tuna block (Premier Oil 65%, Mitsui Oil Exploration 35%), and South Natuna Sea Block B (ConocoPhillips 40%, Inpex 35%, Chevron Corporation 25%) has been proposed. Production is expected to be viable only if the oil price exceeds $100 per barrel. The production is expected to start not before 2030.
References
Natural gas fields in Indonesia
Natuna Regency
South China Sea
Nozarego is a village in the commune of Santa Margherita Ligure in Liguria, Italy. It is a natural terrace over the Bay of Tigullio. Here there is the church of Santa Maria Assunta with a cobbled square in typical Ligurian style. From Nozarego, there are also several trails leading to the park of Portofino. Nozarego is located on a small road which runs between 2 areas of Santa Margherita. There's a much smaller slip road which comes from outside Nozarego and runs into it as well although there's no link between the 2 streets in Nozarego itself.
As of 2001 Nozarego has 22 inhabitants.
Geography
Nozarego is approximately 151 metres above sea level and is about halfway up the mountain peaks which surround it. These are Monte Brano at 312 metres, slightly south of Nozarego an to the west of that, Monte Croci di Nozarego elevated at 391 metres above sea level.
Streams
No streams or Brooks pass directly through Nozarego although some come close running through channels by the nearby peaks. There are some unnamed brooks which rune from Monte Brano down towards Paraggi. Additionally some small brooks run from Croci di Nozarego merging with each other into one river, Torrenta Marta. South of Torrenta Marta there's another named stream, which also flows into Torrenta Marta. Finally some 2 small brooks flow down from Nozarego, flowing north through Montebello and ending around the harbour in Santa Margherita.
Roads and trails
Nozarego is located in a tourstic are with many different hiking and walking trails running through the hills and mountains intersecting with the village. This includes the small road which runs into the town serving a church before becoming a mere path. There are paths heading north following the route of the small brook into Santa Margherita as well as another running more westerly to a different part of the town. Other trails run south towards the coast through places such as Mulini, Il Frata, Paraggi, and even down to Prato and Il Casone halfway to San Fruttoso.
History
Nozarego almost followed the historical vicissitudes of today's municipal capital. Already included in the Capitaneato of Rapallo from 1608, within the Republic of Genoa, with the advent of the Napoleonic domination of the late eighteenth century (Ligurian Republic) the locality became a simple municipality - from 1798 to 1799 - of the fourth canton of San Giacomo della Court.
The municipality of Nozarego was then suppressed and incorporated into that of San Giacomo which, with the First French Empire, starting from 1812 went to constitute - together with Santa Margherita - the municipality of Porto Napoleone.
With the Kingdom of Sardinia the name changed to Santa Margherita di Rapallo and today's Santa Margherita Ligure (1864) with Nozarego to the status of a hamlet together with Paraggi and San Lorenzo della Costa.
Monuments and buildings
Religious Architecture
Parish church of Santa Maria Assunta - sanctuary of Nostra Signora del Carmine and also the church of San Giacomo di Corte. the parish church of Nozarego was once yieldedto the Colombanian abbey in San Fruttuoso. Therefore, the events held here are similar to those done in San Fruttoso.
It is unknown when the original church was actually constructed but it is known to have been before the year 1000. It was founded by the Benedictine Monks who came from the nearby abbey of San Fruttoso. The parish was then governed and in the jurisdiction of the Comoglian abbey and its abbot. Pope Innocent II established the land's jurisdiction and Pope Alexander III confirmed in 1164.
On the 8th of March 1550, Pope Julius III made a special papal decree which granted commendation to the admiral of Oneglia Andrea Doria and the parishes of Divo Martino di Portofino, San Giacomo di Corte and Nozarego. In 1602, a religious cult towards the Madonna del Carmine was spread by the church's new owners the Carmelites.
On the 24th of January 1995, the patronage of the Doria family was cancelled by decree of the Sacred Congregation of the Council. This established the passage of the parish to the archdiocese of Genoa. This was passed on with other parished in the Tigullio area and Constituted the diocese of Chiavari in 1892.
Provostery since 1919, it was erected to diocesan sanctuary on November 1, 1947.
Church of Our Lady of Suffrage is the first place of worship in the hamlet, the first information concerning the church dates back to 2 July 1413 with the election of the parish priest Don Bartolomeo Guarello. With the building of the parish church of Santa Maria Assunta, the annexed Suffrage church became a subsidiary church. The structure consists of a single rectangular hall, without decorations or pictorial representations, leaning against the main body of the parish church of Nozarego.
There are several, small chapels and other religious buildings in the area around Nozarego on many of the small paths within the mountains.
Other buildings
Directly opposite to the church there's a small eatery, the only other building in Nozarego that's not residential.
Transportation
On top of the road access to the rest of Santa Margherita in the form of Villa Partigiano Berto Solimano, Nozarego has one bus stop which is served by the local bus route 877.
References
Frazioni of Santa Margherita Ligure
Sorority Sisters is an eight title novel series that was written by Marjorie W. Sharmat between 1986 and 1987. They were published by Laurel Leaf Press. This series focused on two very different sororities in a fictitious high school in Arizona. In contrast to most teen romance series, (which were common and quite prolific at that time) this series was written with kind of sense of humor.
Plot summary
At Palm Canyon High School located in fictitious Palm Canyon, Arizona, most girls aspired to be members of Chi Kappa, the most prestigious sorority at the school. One of their many rules was that they kept membership strictly at ten members.
A girl named Elissa Hanes wanted to join, as did her friend Kim Adler. Kim was accepted along with a newcomer, and Elissa wasn't accepted. However, Kim eventually got disgusted with the sorority's scheming tactics, and quit the group in public.
Elissa and Kim eventually created their own sorority called The Pack, which welcomed any girl who wanted to join, and the 10-member number, which Chi Kappa used so often to be their limit, would just be a number to legitimize the Pack and make them a solid group.
Another former Chi Kappa member, Tracy McVane, a friend of Elissa's, joined the Pack herself, after being burned by Chi Kappa's less than ethical behavior. Some of the other Chi Kappa members, Melanie Deborah Kane and Daisy Baron for example, were also allies of the Pack, despite their membership in the more established Chi Kappa.
Although they never reached ten, their core group was just as solid. The officers were de facto until the next year.
Many of the stories (which covered two books, and there were eight in all) focused on the lives of the students and the rivalry between the two sororities: the established Chi Kappa vs. the up-and-coming Pack. The characters narrated the stories. The most narrators came from the Pack (they had five to Chi Kappa's three).
As was unusual for a romance book series, it was written with a sense of humor, especially through Elissa Hanes, who would give off horrid but funny puns.
Palm Canyon was supposedly located somewhere around Tucson, because some of the characters could and did import dates from that area; they also imported dates from the Phoenix area.
Titles
Narrators for and titles of the stories were:
Book 1: For Members Only. Kim Adler (Co-founder of the Pack who, in anger, quit Chi Kappa in public)
Book 2: Snobs Beware. Elissa Haines (Kim's best friend, and co-founder of the Pack.)
Book 3: I Think I'm Falling in Love. Tracy McVane (Newspaper editor who quit Chi Kappa in disgust and joined the Pack.)
Book 4: Fighting Over Me. Fritzi Tass (A loyal Pack member, who becomes Tracy's best friend.)
Book 5: Nobody knows How Scared I am. Daisy Baron (The nicer half of twins who is a Chi Kappa member and an ally of the Pack)
Book 6: Here Comes Mr. Right. Melanie Deborah Kane (Chi Kappa's resident Survivor, who is also a Pack ally.)
Book 7: Getting Closer. Bridget Jawinski (A member of the Pack who is in Palm Canyon's Senior class.)
Book 8: I'm Going to Get Your Boyfriend. Rona Dunne (Chi Kappa's remote but amicable president.)
Reception
Publishers Weekly reviewed the first book in the series: "Although not as funny as Sheila Greenwald's Rosy Cole books, which are aimed at the same audience, this attractively designed, easy-to-read title will undoubtedly garner its own fans".
References
Sorority Sisters
Sorority Sisters
Novels set in high schools and secondary schools
Wiejca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
South of Wiejca at , there is a lattice tower used for radio relay links. This facility, whose Polish designation is SLR Wiecja, was used from 1974 to 1991 for the radio relay link between Warsaw and RCN Konstantynow.
References
Wiejca
This is a list of Australian soccer transfers for the 2022–23 A-League Women. Only moves featuring at least one A-League Women club are listed.
Transfers
All players without a flag are Australian. Clubs without a flag are clubs participating in the A-League Women.
Pre-season
Re-signings
Notes
References
A-League Women transfers
Football transfers summer 2022
Football transfers winter 2022–23
transfers
transfers
transfers
Per Inge Bjørlo (born 20 November 1952, in Ålesund) is a Norwegian sculptor, painter, graphic designer and visual artist. He grew up in Spjelkavik outside Ålesund, and is now living in Hønefoss. He graduated from Bergen Academy of Art and Design in Bergen (1974–1977) and the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts in Oslo (1977–1981). He received the Swedish Prince Eugen Medal in 2012.
Bjørlo has had a number of exhibitions of his works in Norway and abroad. He has been represented at exhibitions, among others in São Paulo, Berlin, Venice, Tokyo, New York City and Cologne.
Works of art
Of his central decoration projects, the series of sculptures in connection to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, are the most prominent.
Some other works are:
Thinking, 2002, sandblasted steel sheet outside the University Library in Karlstad, Sweden
Peeling / Crane, 2002, fiberglass by the main entrance to the University of Agder in Kristiansand, Norway
Riktning (Direction), 2003, Värnamo in Sweden
Indre rom VI. Livsløpet (Inner Space VI. The Realm of Life), 2013, stainless steel at Ekebergparken Sculpture Park, Oslo, Norway
References
Literature
Per Inge Bjorlo: The Weight of a Lung and the Sound of Crows, Forlaget Press, 2018,
Per Inge Bjørlo, Poul Erik Tøjner, Edition Bløndal, Hellerup, 1991,
Per Inge Bjørlos potensielle rom, Inger Eri, Museet for Samtidskunst, , 2001
Per Inge Bjørlo – Selected works, Bente Larsen, Galleri Riis, 2007.
20th-century Norwegian painters
Norwegian male painters
21st-century Norwegian painters
People from Ålesund
People from Ringerike (municipality)
1952 births
20th-century Norwegian sculptors
21st-century Norwegian sculptors
Living people
20th-century Norwegian male artists
21st-century Norwegian male artists
Norwegian contemporary artists
Number 58 Squadron was a squadron of the Royal Air Force.
History
First World War
No. 58 Squadron was first formed at Cramlington, Northumberland, on 8 June 1916 as a squadron of the Royal Flying Corps from a nucleus split off from the Home defence 36 Squadrons, equipped with Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.2c and B.E.2e aircraft and serving as an advanced training unit.
The squadron converted to Royal Aircraft Factory F.E.2bs in the night bombing role at Dover in December 1917 and prepared for deployment overseas, moving to France on 10 January 1918, and flying its first operational mission, a bombing attack on an airfield at Rumbeke on the night of 2/3 February 1918. The squadron attacked German road and railway targets during the German spring offensive in March–April 1918 to disrupt the German advance. In August 1918, the squadron flew nightbombing missions in support of the Allied offensive at the Second Battle of Bapaume. In September 1918 the squadron replaced its F.E.2s with the much larger twin-engine Handley Page O/400, although its airfield at Alquines was not ideal for the large bomber, having poor operating surfaces and awkward approaches. It flew its first mission with the O/400 on the night of 20–21 September, and discarded its last F.E.2s on 3 October. By the end of the First World War the squadron had dropped 247 tons of bombs and fired over 400,000 rounds of ammunition while strafing ground targets. In 1919 the squadron moved to Egypt, with the move completed by 2 July. It started to reequip with Vickers Vimy bombers, but was renumbered as No. 70 Squadron before it disposed of all its O/400s.
Between the wars
58 Squadrons was reformed on 1 April 1924 as a heavy bomber unit equipped with the Vimy at RAF Worthy Down on training duties. From December 1924, it replaced its Vimys with Vickers Virginia bombers and in 1925 it was commanded by Squadron Leader Arthur Harris, later Air Marshal "Bomber" Harris. The squadron, still equipped with the Virginia, moved to RAF Upper Heyford on 13 January 1936 and to RAF Driffield on 31 August that year. Steps finally began to be taken to replace its obsolete Virginia biplanes in February 1937 when it received a few Avro Ansons to prepare its crews for more modern monoplanes with retractable undercarriages. It moved to RAF Boscombe Down on 24 March 1937 and began to re-equip with Armstrong Whitworth Whitleys in October that year (although shortages of Whitleys resulted in it temporarily receiving a few Handley Page Heyfords in April 1939.
Second World War
At the start of the Second World War 58 Squadron was based at RAF Linton-on-Ouse flying Whitley bombers as part of No. 4 Group RAF in RAF Bomber Command, flying its first mission of the war, a leaflet raid on the Ruhr, on the night of 3/4 September 1939. From October 1939 until February 1940 it was based at RAF Boscombe Down attached to Coastal Command carrying out convoy escort patrols. The squadron then returned in February 1940 to Linton-on-Ouse as part of Bomber Command and remained there for the next two years, undertaking its first bombing raid on the night of 18/19 April 1940, when three Whitleys set out to attack Fornebu airfield, Oslo, with one aborting and two attacking the target. In April 1942, the squadron transferred to Coastal Command. The squadron flew a total of 1,757 sorties in 227 operations (219 bombing raids and 8 leaflet raids) during its time in Bomber Command, losing 49 aircraft on operations.
The squadron was based at RAF St Eval and flew anti-submarine patrols over the Western Approaches as part of No. 19 Group RAF. On 23 June 1942, a Whitley of 58 Squadrons attacked the German submarine in the Bay of Biscay, badly damaging the submarine. At the end of August 1942 the squadron moved to RAF Stornoway in the Western Isles. On 15 September 1942 a 58 Squadron Whitley sank the German submarine near the Rosemary Bankwest of Scotland. In December 1942, the squadron moved to RAF Holmsley South in Hampshire, converting to the Handley Page Halifax in January 1943.
On 11 May 1943, a Halifax of 58 Squadrons spotted the German submarine in the Bay of Biscay and attacked with depth-charges. The submarine was subsequently attacked by the sloop and sunk, with the Halifax and Fleetwood being jointly credited with sinking the U-Boat. On 15 May another 58 Squadron Halifax caught a U-Boat on the surface in the Bay of Biscay, sinking .
In October 1944 the squadron switched from anti-submarine duties to anti-shipping duties, carrying out attacks on German shipping off the coast of Norway. It was disbanded on 25 May 1945.
Post-war operations
In October 1946, No. 58 Squadron reformed at RAF Benson in the photo-reconnaissance role, mainly operating Mosquitoes. In March 1953, the squadron moved to RAF Wyton operating Mosquitos. Late in 1953 the squadron was re-equipped with the English Electric Canberra PR.3. In 1953/54, the Canberras made a record breaking flight from Wyton to New Zealand via Egypt, India & Singapore, completing the journey in 24 hours. Two aircraft also made the trip to the USA for the 50th anniversary celebration of the Wright brother's flight. These were replaced by Canberra PR.7s in 1955 which took part in the Operation Grapple hydrogen bomb tests at Christmas Island in the Pacific, and also were deployed to British Honduras to face a threat by Guatemala to overfly the country during an official visit by Princess Margaret.
The Radar Reconnaissance Flight was created by splitting off an element of the squadron on 1 October 1951 while at Benson, it used Lincolns, Hastings and Victors until it was disbanded on 1 November 1963 at Gaydon
During the Suez Crisis, No. 58 Squadron forward deployed to RAF Akrotiri, Cyprus. On 6 November 1956, Canberra PR.7 WH799 departed from Akrotiri to overfly Syria to assess the build up of Soviet equipment in the country. While over Syria, WH799 was intercepted and was shot down by a Syrian Air Force Gloster Meteor, killing the navigator while the pilot ejected and safely landed in Lebanon. As of 2021, this was the last RAF aircraft shot down in an enemy air-to-air engagement.
The squadron disbanded on 30 September 1970. It was reformed at RAF Wittering in 1973 as a ground-attack training unit equipped with Hawker Hunters before being finally disbanded in 1976.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Royal Air Force History: History of No. 58 Squadron
Air of Authority: No 56 – 60 Squadron Histories
058 Squadrons
058 Squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations disestablished in 1976
1916 establishments in the United Kingdom
The discography of Pansy Division, a San Francisco, California-based queercore band, consists of seven studio albums, five compilations and thirteen 7" singles, among other releases.
Studio albums
Compilation albums
7" singles and EPs
Split 7"
Compilation appearances
"I Can't Sleep" on Outpunk Dance Party (Outpunk Records, 1992)
"Homo Christmas" on Punk Rock Christmas (Rhino Records, 1995)
"Ring of Joy" on A Slice Of Lemon (Lookout! Records, 1996)
"Jackson" on Project: Echo (K Records, 1996)
"Bunnies" on Stars Kill Rock (Kill Rock Stars, 1996)
"Pillow Talk" on Team Mint (Mint Records, 1996)
"The Summer You Let Your Hair Grow Out" on Heide Sez Lookout! (Lookout! Records, 1996)
"Can't Make Love" (with Tré Cool) on Generations, Vol 1: A Punk Look at Human Rights (Ark 21 Records, 1997)
"Loose" on We Will Fall: The Iggy Pop Tribute (Royalty Records, 1997)
"Political Asshole" on The Last Great Thing You Did (Lookout! Records, 1997)
"He Could Be The One" on Fer Shure: A Tribute to the Valley Girl Soundtrack (Itchy Korean Records, 1997)
"Expiration Date" on Milkshake – A CD to Benefit the Harvey Milk Institute, (timmi-kat ReCoRDS, 1998)
"Musclehead" on Forward 'Til Death: A Sampler Compilation (Lookout! Records, 1999)
"Hockey Hair" on Puck Rock, Vol. 2 (Sudden Death Records, 2000)
"The Summer You Let Your Hair Grow Out (Live)" on Songs for Summer (Oglio Records, 2000)
"Used to Turn Me On (Demo)" on Lookout! Freakout (Lookout Records!, 2000)
"Luv Luv Luv" on Bi the People: A Compilation of Bisexual Artists & Friends (Violent Yodel Records, 2003)
"Luv Luv Luv" on Queer Stock Queer Soup (Queer Stock, 2003)
"I Can Make You A Man" on The Rocky Horror Punk Rock Show (Springman Records, 2004)
"Musclehead" on Plea for Peace, Vol. 2' (Asian Man Records, 2007)
"You'll See Them Again" on Kat Vox: Celebrating 20 Years of timmi-kat ReCoRDS (timmi-kat ReCoRDS, 2011)
Soundtrack appearances
"Deep Water" in Angus, directed by Patrick Read Johnson (1995)
Queercore: A Punk-U-Mentary, directed by Scott Treleaven (1996)
Skin & Bone, directed by Everett Lewis (1996)
"Sweet Insecurity" and "Luv Luv Luv", Luster, directed by Everett Lewis (2002)
"First Betrayal" in Hellbent, directed by Paul Etheredge-Ouzts (2005)
Pansy Division: Life In A Gay Rock Band'' (2008)
Videography
Video releases
Music videos
Discographies of American artists
Rock music group discographies
Dinesh Kumara (full name Hallawa Arachchilage Indika Dinesh Kumara; born 13 January 1987) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for Police Sports Club. He was born in Kebithigollewa.
Kumara, who made his cricketing debut for Police Sports Club Under-23s during the 2008 season, made his List A debut for the side during the 2009-10 Premier Limited Overs Tournament, against Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club. From the tailend, he failed to score a run with the bat, and with the ball, conceded 18 runs from 2 overs.
External links
Dinesh Kumara at Cricket Archive
1983 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Police Sports Club cricketers
Auguste Victor Louis Verneuil (; 3 November 1856 – 27 April 1913) was a French chemist best known for inventing the first commercially viable process for the manufacture of synthetic gemstones. In 1902 he discovered the "flame fusion" process, today called the Verneuil process, which remains in use today as an inexpensive means of making artificial corundum, or rubies and sapphires.
Biography
Verneuil was born in Dunkirk, France, in 1856. He was the son of a watchmaker-mechanic. When he was 17, chemist Edmond Frémy accepted him as a laboratory assistant. He received his bachelor's degree in 1875, his master's in 1880 and his PhD in 1886. In 1892 he became a professor of applied chemistry in the organic chemistry section of the Museum of Natural History in Paris, where he worked for 13 years. His first publication was with L. Bourgeois in 1880 on the preparation of crystalline hydrous iron arsenate. He studied methods to synthesize ruby, the chemistry of selenium, the phosphorescence of zincblende, the chemistry of rare earth elements, the purification of glycerine and the production of high refractive index glass. He also taught chemistry at various high schools and colleges.
Verneuil began working on the synthesis of rubies by flame fusion as far back as 1886 and came to a result within six years, depositing his sealed notes at the Paris Academy of Science in 1891 and 1892, but only announcing his discovery in 1902. The process which bears his name remains in use today as an inexpensive means of making artificial corundum, or rubies and sapphires.
References
External links
A schematic description of the Verneuil Process
People from Dunkirk
1856 births
1913 deaths
19th-century French chemists
Rare earth scientists
20th-century French chemists
Raymond Remember Mali (born April 9, 1937), better known as Ray Mali, was appointed acting President of the International Cricket Council in 2007, following the unexpected death in office of Percy Sonn. He was born in the Cape Province (now Eastern Cape), Union of South Africa. He had been the President of Cricket South Africa since 2003 (the first black person to hold the position) and remained as ICC president till 2008.
He once was a minister in the bantustan of Ciskei.
References
Ray Mali appointed acting president of ICC from cricket.co.za
Ray Mali - profile from Rediff.com
South African cricket administrators
1937 births
Presidents of the International Cricket Council
Living people
Jane Teaford (born July 1, 1935) is an American politician who served in the Iowa House of Representatives from the 24th district from 1985 to 1993.
References
1935 births
Living people
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Iowa Democrats
Edwin Thomas Tompkins (1880 − 1940), known as Tom or Tommy Tompkins, was an English footballer who played as a forward and half back for Doncaster Rovers and Leeds City in The Football League at the beginning of the 20th century.
Tompkins signed for Doncaster for their return to the Second Division in 1904−05. He scored in his second game against Mexborough Town in the FA Cup on 3 November, and 2 days later in his League debut against Burton United. It was the joint worst season in English Football League history, Doncaster ending up bottom with just 8 points from 34 games and failing to be re-elected.
He then went to Denaby United in the Midland League for two seasons before joining Leeds City. Despite looking good in practice games, his form wasn't good and he was dropped after 11 games. At the end of the season he moved to Mexborough Town where he saw out his career back in the Midland League.
References
1884 births
1940 deaths
English footballers
Association football defenders
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Denaby United F.C. players
Leeds City F.C. players
Mexborough Athletic F.C. players
English Football League players
Midland Football League players
Christopher Gelpi (born 1966) is an American political scientist at Ohio State University. He is currently the Director of the Mershon Center for Conflict Resolution, the Endowed Chair in Peace Studies and Conflict Resolution, and a published author who writes on the sources of international military conflict and American public opinion on foreign policy issues.
References
External links
Political science department at Ohio State
Christopher Gelpi's website
1966 births
American political scientists
Ohio State University faculty
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Michel Merlet (born 26 May 1939) is a French composer and pedagogue.
Biography
Born in Saint-Brieuc, Merlet studied music at the Conservatoire de Paris, where his teacher was Tony Aubin. There he won prizes for harpsichord, chamber music, counterpoint, fugue, musical composition and musical analysis (in Olivier Messiaen's class). From 1978, he taught fugue there, succeeding Yvonne Desportes at this post.
He won the Grand Prix de Rome in 1966.
In 1979, he was in charge of teaching music writing at the International Japanese Summer Academy, and from 1985, he taught writing, orchestration, analysis and composition in China at the Shanghai Conservatory and the Beijing Conservatory.
He has been professor of composition at the École Normale de Musique de Paris and at the Schola Cantorum de Paris.
In 1995, invited to Greece, he taught composition and orchestration at the Athens Conservatoire. In 2001, the "European American Musical Alliance" commissioned him to conduct masterclasses for students at several universities in the United States, including the Juilliard School.
Merlet is a member of the juries of numerous international competitions, including the Long-Thibaud-Crespin Competition.
Main works
Prélude for piano, 1961
Gravitations for voice and piano, 1962
Suite for oboe, clarinet and bassoon, 1962
Sonate for violin and piano, 1963
Trio à cordes (theme and variations), 1963
Diptyque, for voice and piano, 1963
Sonatine for piano, 1965
Huit études for string quartet, 1965
Triptyque symphonique, 1965
En tous sens for flute and piano, 1966
Stabile for clarinet and piano, 1967
Musique for two pianos, 1967
Monde s'ouvre for trumpet and piano, 1967
Sonatine en trois mouvements for flute and piano, 1968
Hommage à Manuel De Falla for harpsichord, 1969
Divertimento da camera for String Orchestra, 1970
Ils étaient trois petits enfants for vocal quartet, flute, two clarinets and bassoon, 1970
Chacone for flute and piano, 1970
Passacaille for harp, 1971
Images pour les contes du Chat Perché for concert accordion, 1972
Jeu de cartes for piano, 1973
Musique de scène for cello, 1974
Trio for piano, flute and cello, 1974
Moirures, symphonic poem for orchestra, 1976
Discours sur la méthode for piano for four hands, 1977
Tétrassonances for oboe and piano, 1977
Psalmos for String Orchestra, 1978
Une soirée à Nohant for cello and piano, 1979
Concert in quatro for violin and string orchestra, 1979
Une soirée à Nohant for cello and string orchestra, 1979
Vingt-quatre préludes for piano, 1980
Variations for saxophone quartet, 1981
Mini-suite for piano, 1982
Quatuor à cordes, 1983–85
Concerto for piano and String Orchestra, 1984
Passacaille et fugue for piano, 1986
Ostinato for viola and piano, 1986
Cinq motets a cappella, 1987
Prélude-Interlude-Postlude for cello and piano, 1988
Concerto for two pianos and orchestra, 1989–92
Suite for String Trio, 1990
Étude miroir for harp sextet, 1994
Roque de sol-ut-ré for flute, 1995
Six études for violin, 1997–99
Six études symphoniques for piano, 2000
Pièce for balalaika and piano, 2001
Awards
1er Grand Prix International de la Guilde du disque (1965)
Grand Prix de Rome (1966)
Prix National Pineau-Chaillou (1966)
Prix Jacques-Durand, décerné par L'Institut de France (1974)
Prix Chartier, décerné par L'Institut de France (1976)
Prix Stéphane-Chapelier, décerné par la SACEM (1977)
Prix International de Naples (1987)
Distinctions
Merlet is a Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
Recordings
Le Trio, opus 24, la sonate pour piano et violon et Une soirée à Nohant ont été enregistrés par Pascal Devoyon, Jean-Jacques Kantorow and Philippe Muller during the 1980s. (Cybelia,CY 713, réédition Integral Classic)
Éric Heidsieck a enregistré les 24 Préludes pour piano
References
Sources
Notice of presentation of the recording of the vinyl disc referenced above, éditions Cybelia
1939 births
Living people
People from Saint-Brieuc
20th-century French composers
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Academics of the École Normale de Musique de Paris
Schola Cantorum de Paris faculty
Prix de Rome for composition
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
The Mental Deficiency Act 1913 was an act of Parliament of the United Kingdom creating provisions for the institutional treatment of people deemed to be "feeble-minded" and "moral defectives". "It proposed an institutional separation so that mental defectives should be taken out of Poor Law institutions and prisons into newly established colonies."
Background
The Idiots Act 1886 made the legal distinction between "idiots" and "imbeciles". It contained educational provisions for the needs of people deemed to be in these categories. In 1904, the Royal Commission on the Care and Control of the Feeble-Minded was established with the warrant "to consider the existing methods of dealing with idiots and epileptics, and with imbecile, feeble-minded, or defective persons not certified under the Lunacy Laws... to report as to the amendments in the law or other measures which should be adopted in the matter". The Commission returned a lengthy report in 1908 which estimated that of a population of 32,527,843 British inhabitants 149,628 people (0.46%) were considered "mentally defective". It recommended the establishment of a board of control which would oversee local authority efforts aimed at "the well-being of the mentally defective".
Winston Churchill spoke of the need to introduce compulsory labour camps for "mental defectives" in the House of Commons in February 1911. In May 1912, a Private Members' Bill entitled the "Feeble-Minded Control Bill" was introduced in the House of Commons, which called for the implementation of the Royal Commission's conclusions. It rejected sterilisation of the "feeble-minded", but had provision for registration and segregation. One of the few to raise objections to the bill was G.K. Chesterton who ridiculed the bill, calling it the "Feeble-Minded Bill, both for brevity and because the description is strictly accurate". The bill was withdrawn, but a government bill introduced on 10 June 1912 replaced it, which would become the Mental Deficiency Act 1913.
Mental Deficiency Act
The bill was passed in 1913 with only three MPs voting against it. One of them was Josiah Wedgwood, who attempted to filibuster and said of it, "It is a spirit of the Horrible Eugenic Society which is setting out to breed up the working class as though they were cattle." The new act repealed the Idiots Act 1886 and followed the recommendations of the Royal Commission on the Care and Control of the Feeble-Minded. It established the Board of Control for Lunacy and Mental Deficiency to oversee the implementation of provisions for the care and management of four classes of people,
a) Idiots. Those so deeply defective as to be unable to guard themselves against common physical dangers.
b) Imbeciles. Whose defectiveness does not amount to idiocy, but is so pronounced that they are incapable of managing themselves or their affairs, or, in the case of children, of being taught to do so.
c) Feeble-minded persons. Whose weakness does not amount to imbecility, yet who require care, supervision, or control, for their protection or for the protection of others, or, in the case of children, are incapable of receiving benefit from the instruction in ordinary schools.
d) Moral Imbeciles. Displaying mental weakness coupled with strong vicious or criminal propensities, and on whom punishment has little or no deterrent effect.
A person deemed to be an idiot or imbecile might be placed in an institution or under guardianship if the parent or guardian so petitioned, as could a person of any of the four categories under 21 years, as could a person of any category who had been abandoned, neglected, guilty of a crime, in a state institution, habitually drunk, or unable to be schooled.
At the height of operation of the Mental Deficiency Act, 65,000 people were placed in "colonies" or in other institutional settings. The act remained in effect until it was repealed by the Mental Health Act 1959.
References
External links
The text of the act.
UK Mental Deficiency Act, 1913 An audio file perspective on the Act by Lee Humber of Oxford Brookes University.
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1913
Mental health legal history of the United Kingdom
Ableism
The olivaceous piculet (Picumnus olivaceus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. Etymologically, piculet is as a double diminutive of the Latin picus, woodpecker, see also Picus. In Greek, δρύοψ is woodpecker, which shares its roots with δρῦς, 'tree'; 'oak' and Druids.
Habitat
Found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela, its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
Upper parts plain olive-brown, crown and nape spotted white on blackish, tail short, not sharp-tipped, black with a prominent yellow center stripe. Throat buff, underparts cream, lightly streaked with olive-brown. Male red-streaked forehead, female white-spotted forehead. Length .
Ecology
Forages in family or mixed-species groups, often in dense undergrowth, gleaning and probing into timber. The diet consists of both adults and larvae of ants, termites, beetles and other invertebrates. Nests in holes in trees.
References
Further reading
External links
olivaceous piculet
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
olivaceous piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jacqueline Vogt (born 7 March 1969) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Liechtenstein female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Liechtenstein
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Kırköy is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Holy Redeemer High School is a high school of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Scranton. It is located in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, United States. It is currently the only Catholic high school in Luzerne County.
History
In January 2007, Bishop Joseph Martino announced the consolidation of four schools into a central Catholic high school for Luzerne County. On February 27, 2007, James J. Redington, then-principal of Seton Catholic High School in Pittston, was selected to be the first principal of the new Holy Redeemer High School.
The school opened on July 1, 2007. It is a consolidation of Bishop Hafey High School in Hazleton, Bishop Hoban High School in Wilkes-Barre, Bishop O'Reilly High School in Kingston, and Seton Catholic High School in Pittston. The school is housed in the former Bishop Hoban building. Holy Redeemer's team name is the Royals and its colors are red, white, and gold. Classes began in late August 2007. By fall of that year, its students and faculty had celebrated the first Opening Liturgy at St. Nicholas Church, the first Spirit Week, and the first Junior Ring Ceremony.
The school was not in session on February 28, 2008, because a majority of faculty members called in sick to protest the diocese's refusal to acknowledge a teachers' union. The following day, over 200 students conducted a walkout in support of the teachers and their position. The diocese did not accept the union's terms.
On April 29, 2008, the high school conducted their first official ceremony for the National Honor Society. Holy Redeemer's first prom and talent show were held in May 2008. Later that school year, the high school community celebrated their first senior awards ceremony and senior graduation.
The high school's first student government election was held on December 17, 2008. The first student body officers were: President Joseph Sebastianelli, Vice President Matthew Powell, Secretary Moses Sam, and Treasurer Robert Gawlas.
In June 2010, the school's first principal, James Redington, retired. The assistant principal, Anita Sirak, succeeded him.
Principals of Holy Redeemer
Enrollment
Alma mater
Holy Redeemer,
Hail the red, white, and gold;
We are faith, hope, and love.
We are one from the many,
United and proud,
With courage from above.
In the Spirit of Christ,
Our story is told.
Our Redeemer sustains us
As our lives do unfold.
Loyal, united with pride do we hail;
We are Holy Redeemer Royals;
We are Holy Redeemer High.
(Music and Lyrics by Andrea Bogusko Yorkonis)
Activities
Anime Club
Band
Baseball
Basketball
Bowling Club
Cheerleading
Chess Club
Chorus
Color Guard
Cross Country
Diving
Field Hockey
Football
Forensics
French Club
Golf
Ice Hockey
Latin Club
Mock Law
National Honor Society
Pro-Life Club
Royal Singers
Saint Michael's Society
School Musical
Ski Club
Soccer
Softball
Spanish Club
Stage Crew
Student Leadership Council (student government)
Swimming
Tennis
Track and Field
Volleyball
Wrestling
Yearbook Staff
Holy Redeemer School System
High school
Holy Redeemer High School, Wilkes-Barre
Elementary schools
Good Shepherd Academy, Kingston
Holy Family Academy, Hazleton
Holy Rosary Elementary School, Duryea
Saint Nicholas/Saint Mary Elementary School, Wilkes Barre
Saint Jude Elementary School, Mountain Top
Wyoming Area Catholic Elementary School, Exeter
References
Educational institutions established in 2007
Schools in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
2007 establishments in Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania
Catholic secondary schools in Pennsylvania
Daniel Widmer may refer to:
Daniel Widmer (ice hockey), Swiss ice hockey player
Daniel Widmer (curler), Swiss curler
Answers Solutions Knowledge (ASK) in Morocco is one of the four departments of the Moroccan branch of Association des étudiants en sciences économiques et commerciales (Association of Commercial and Economic sciences students). Each year AIESEC chooses a socio-cultural theme globally and implements it locally.
History
AIESEC Morocco was founded in 1986 and came into existence at the Graduate School of International Management (ESIG) in Casablanca. It is based at the Supinfo school.
2009 campaign
In 2009 the organisers chose to organise a campaign to warn youth against the dangers of HIV and AIDS. According to them, taboos are being broken, and the Moroccan youth is sufficiently mature and open to be warned about subjects such as sexuality, dangerous practices, and drug abuse.
Six schools in Rabat (Moulay Youssef, Ben Mbarek, Zahra, Stwaki, Dar Essalam, Les Orangers) and four in Casablanca (Al Jabr, Lyautey, Mohammed V and La Résidence) have been chosen to participate. Battouma, a member of AIESEC-Anfa, whose premises are located at the Supinfo school said: "We want to make things more fun by having them explained by young people, but by being direct".
Operation ASK 2009, organised by youngsters for youngsters, is divided into four phases over three months. From 1 January to 16 January, the AIESEC welcomes young specialists who are to work with the schools. Battoum adds, "Because these youngsters are themselves students, and are from far afield, this can only better capture the attention of our students". The campaign was launched with an opening ceremony on 17 January at the Bibliothèque nationale de Rabat (National Library in Rabat) and continued until 18 April at the closing ceremony.
Many training sessions have been held for international and local specialists aged between 18 and 25. More than 100 students are being taught to become binome trainers. In partnership with YPEER, the network of binome trainers organised a conference 14 February on AIDS and youth in the ESCA, facilitated by Abdessamad, a young teacher from YPEER/ALCS (Youth Peer Education Network/American Council of Learned Societies) as part of the training programme. A second conference was held 7 March, focusing on the vulnerability and the changes of behaviour in youth.
The closing ceremony was held in the form of plays, realised by the students themselves, with the objective of making youngsters react and to implicate all of the actors concerned in this debate.
References
External links
AIESEC Morocco
Youth Peer
Medical and health organizations based in Morocco
Organizations established in 1986
1986 establishments in Morocco
In differential geometry, the Laplace–Beltrami operator is a generalization of the Laplace operator to functions defined on submanifolds in Euclidean space and, even more generally, on Riemannian and pseudo-Riemannian manifolds. It is named after Pierre-Simon Laplace and Eugenio Beltrami.
For any twice-differentiable real-valued function f defined on Euclidean space Rn, the Laplace operator (also known as the Laplacian) takes f to the divergence of its gradient vector field, which is the sum of the n pure second derivatives of f with respect to each vector of an orthonormal basis for Rn. Like the Laplacian, the Laplace–Beltrami operator is defined as the divergence of the gradient, and is a linear operator taking functions into functions. The operator can be extended to operate on tensors as the divergence of the covariant derivative. Alternatively, the operator can be generalized to operate on differential forms using the divergence and exterior derivative. The resulting operator is called the Laplace–de Rham operator (named after Georges de Rham).
Details
The Laplace–Beltrami operator, like the Laplacian, is the divergence of the gradient:
An explicit formula in local coordinates is possible.
Suppose first that M is an oriented Riemannian manifold. The orientation allows one to specify a definite volume form on M, given in an oriented coordinate system xi by
where is the absolute value of the determinant of the metric tensor, and the dxi are the 1-forms forming the dual frame to the frame
of the tangent bundle and is the wedge product.
The divergence of a vector field X on the manifold is then defined as the scalar function with the property
where LX is the Lie derivative along the vector field X. In local coordinates, one obtains
where here and below the Einstein notation is implied, so that the repeated index i is summed over.
The gradient of a scalar function ƒ is the vector field grad f that may be defined through the inner product on the manifold, as
for all vectors vx anchored at point x in the tangent space TxM of the manifold at point x. Here, dƒ is the exterior derivative of the function ƒ; it is a 1-form taking argument vx. In local coordinates, one has
where gij are the components of the inverse of the metric tensor, so that with δik the Kronecker delta.
Combining the definitions of the gradient and divergence, the formula for the Laplace–Beltrami operator applied to a scalar function ƒ is, in local coordinates
If M is not oriented, then the above calculation carries through exactly as presented, except that the volume form must instead be replaced by a volume element (a density rather than a form). Neither the gradient nor the divergence actually depends on the choice of orientation, and so the Laplace–Beltrami operator itself does not depend on this additional structure.
Formal self-adjointness
The exterior derivative d and −∇ . are formal adjoints, in the sense that for ƒ a compactly supported function
(proof)
where the last equality is an application of Stokes' theorem. Dualizing gives
for all compactly supported functions ƒ and h. Conversely, () characterizes the Laplace–Beltrami operator completely, in the sense that it is the only operator with this property.
As a consequence, the Laplace–Beltrami operator is negative and formally self-adjoint, meaning that for compactly supported functions ƒ and h,
Because the Laplace–Beltrami operator, as defined in this manner, is negative rather than positive, often it is defined with the opposite sign.
Eigenvalues of the Laplace–Beltrami operator (Lichnerowicz–Obata theorem)
Let M denote a compact Riemannian manifold without boundary. We want to consider the eigenvalue equation,
where is the eigenfunction associated with the eigenvalue . It can be shown using the self-adjointness proved above that the eigenvalues are real. The compactness of the manifold M allows one to show that the eigenvalues are discrete and furthermore, the vector space of eigenfunctions associated with a given eigenvalue , i.e. the eigenspaces are all finite-dimensional. Notice by taking the constant function as an eigenfunction, we get is an eigenvalue. Also since we have considered an integration by parts shows that . More precisely if we multiply the eigenvalue eqn. through by the eigenfunction and integrate the resulting eqn. on we get( using the notation )
Performing an integration by parts or what is the same thing as using the divergence theorem on the term on the left, and since has no boundary we get
Putting the last two equations together we arrive at
We conclude from the last equation that .
A fundamental result of André Lichnerowicz states that: Given a compact n-dimensional Riemannian manifold with no boundary with . Assume the Ricci curvature satisfies the lower bound:
where is the metric tensor and is any tangent vector on the manifold . Then the first positive eigenvalue of the eigenvalue equation satisfies the lower bound:
This lower bound is sharp and achieved on the sphere . In fact on the eigenspace for is three dimensional and spanned by the restriction of the coordinate functions from to . Using spherical coordinates , on the two dimensional sphere, set
we see easily from the formula for the spherical Laplacian displayed below that
Thus the lower bound in Lichnerowicz's theorem is achieved at least in two dimensions.
Conversely it was proved by Morio Obata, that if the n-dimensional compact Riemannian manifold without boundary were such that for the first positive eigenvalue one has,
then the manifold is isometric to the n-dimensional sphere , the sphere of radius . Proofs of all these statements may be found in the book by Isaac Chavel. Analogous sharp bounds also hold for other Geometries and for certain degenerate Laplacians associated with these geometries like the Kohn Laplacian (after Joseph J. Kohn) on a compact CR manifold. Applications there are to the global embedding of such CR manifolds in
Tensor Laplacian
The Laplace–Beltrami operator can be written using the trace (or contraction) of the iterated covariant derivative associated with the Levi-Civita connection. The Hessian (tensor) of a function is the symmetric 2-tensor
, ,
where df denotes the (exterior) derivative of a function f.
Let Xi be a basis of tangent vector fields (not necessarily induced by a coordinate system). Then the components of Hess f are given by
This is easily seen to transform tensorially, since it is linear in each of the arguments Xi, Xj. The Laplace–Beltrami operator is then the trace (or contraction) of the Hessian with respect to the metric:
.
More precisely, this means
,
or in terms of the metric
In abstract indices, the operator is often written
provided it is understood implicitly that this trace is in fact the trace of the Hessian tensor.
Because the covariant derivative extends canonically to arbitrary tensors, the Laplace–Beltrami operator defined on a tensor T by
is well-defined.
Laplace–de Rham operator
More generally, one can define a Laplacian differential operator on sections of the bundle of differential forms on a pseudo-Riemannian manifold. On a Riemannian manifold it is an elliptic operator, while on a Lorentzian manifold it is hyperbolic. The Laplace–de Rham operator is defined by
where d is the exterior derivative or differential and δ is the codifferential, acting as on k-forms, where ∗ is the Hodge star. The first order operator is the Hodge-Dirac operator.
When computing the Laplace–de Rham operator on a scalar function f, we have , so that
Up to an overall sign, the Laplace–de Rham operator is equivalent to the previous definition of the Laplace–Beltrami operator when acting on a scalar function; see the proof for details. On functions, the Laplace–de Rham operator is actually the negative of the Laplace–Beltrami operator, as the conventional normalization of the codifferential assures that the Laplace–de Rham operator is (formally) positive definite, whereas the Laplace–Beltrami operator is typically negative. The sign is merely a convention, and both are common in the literature. The Laplace–de Rham operator differs more significantly from the tensor Laplacian restricted to act on skew-symmetric tensors. Apart from the incidental sign, the two operators differ by a Weitzenböck identity that explicitly involves the Ricci curvature tensor.
Examples
Many examples of the Laplace–Beltrami operator can be worked out explicitly.
Euclidean space
In the usual (orthonormal) Cartesian coordinates xi on Euclidean space, the metric is reduced to the Kronecker delta, and one therefore has . Consequently, in this case
which is the ordinary Laplacian. In curvilinear coordinates, such as spherical or cylindrical coordinates, one obtains alternative expressions.
Similarly, the Laplace–Beltrami operator corresponding to the Minkowski metric with signature is the d'Alembertian.
Spherical Laplacian
The spherical Laplacian is the Laplace–Beltrami operator on the -sphere with its canonical metric of constant sectional curvature 1. It is convenient to regard the sphere as isometrically embedded into Rn as the unit sphere centred at the origin. Then for a function f on Sn−1, the spherical Laplacian is defined by
where f(x/|x|) is the degree zero homogeneous extension of the function f to Rn − {0}, and is the Laplacian of the ambient Euclidean space. Concretely, this is implied by the well-known formula for the Euclidean Laplacian in spherical polar coordinates:
More generally, one can formulate a similar trick using the normal bundle to define the Laplace–Beltrami operator of any Riemannian manifold isometrically embedded as a hypersurface of Euclidean space.
One can also give an intrinsic description of the Laplace–Beltrami operator on the sphere in a normal coordinate system. Let be spherical coordinates on the sphere with respect to a particular point p of the sphere (the "North Pole"), that is geodesic polar coordinates with respect to p. Here ϕ represents the latitude measurement along a unit speed geodesic from p, and ξ a parameter representing the choice of direction of the geodesic in Sn−1. Then the spherical Laplacian has the form:
where is the Laplace–Beltrami operator on the ordinary unit -sphere. In particular, for the ordinary 2-sphere using standard notation for polar coordinates we get:
Hyperbolic space
A similar technique works in hyperbolic space. Here the hyperbolic space Hn−1 can be embedded into the n dimensional Minkowski space, a real vector space equipped with the quadratic form
Then Hn is the subset of the future null cone in Minkowski space given by
Then
Here is the degree zero homogeneous extension of f to the interior of the future null cone and is the wave operator
The operator can also be written in polar coordinates. Let be spherical coordinates on the sphere with respect to a particular point p of Hn−1 (say, the center of the Poincaré disc). Here t represents the hyperbolic distance from p and ξ a parameter representing the choice of direction of the geodesic in Sn−2. Then the hyperbolic Laplacian has the form:
where is the Laplace–Beltrami operator on the ordinary unit (n − 2)-sphere. In particular, for the hyperbolic plane using standard notation for polar coordinates we get:
See also
Covariant derivative
Laplacian operators in differential geometry
Laplace operator
Notes
References
.
Differential operators
Riemannian geometry
de:Verallgemeinerter Laplace-Operator#Laplace-Beltrami-Operator
Daniela Ramos Lalinde (born February 8, 1988) is a Colombian designer, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Mundo Colombia 2009 and represented Colombia at Miss World 2009 where she placed Top 7.
References
Living people
1988 births
People from Bogotá
Colombian female models
Miss World 2009 delegates
Colombian beauty pageant winners
Fray José María Vargas Arévalo O.P. (1902–1988) was an Ecuadorian Dominican friar, writer, and historian.
Biography
He was born in Chordeleg, province of Azuay, Ecuador on November 9, 1902.
He became an ordained priest on December 28, 1928. He wrote a biography of Fray Pedro Bedón and one about Fray Domingo de Santo Tomás.
He received Ecuador's National Prize "Premio Eugenio Espejo" in the Culture category in 1984.
He died in Quito on March 25, 1988.
Works
La Cultura del Quito Colonial
Nuestra Señora del Quinche
Arte Quiteño Colonial
La Misión Científica de los Geodésicos Franceses en Quito
La Conquista Espiritual del Imperio de los Incas
Ecuador: Monumentos Históricos y Arqueológicos
La Conquista Espiritual y Organización de la Iglesia Indiana Durante el Gobierno de Carlos V
Gil Ramírez Dávalos: Fundador de Cuenca
Don Hernando de Santillán y la Fundación de la Real Audiencia de Quito
La Evangelización en el Ecuador
References
1902 births
1988 deaths
20th-century Ecuadorian historians
Ecuadorian male writers
Ecuadorian Roman Catholic priests
Roman Catholic writers
People from Azuay Province
20th-century Roman Catholic priests
Elif Shafak FRSL
(, ; born 25 October 1971) is a Turkish-British novelist, essayist, public speaker, political scientist and activist.
Shafak writes in Turkish and English, and has published 19 works. She is best known for her novels, which include The Bastard of Istanbul, The Forty Rules of Love, Three Daughters of Eve and 10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World. Her books have been translated into 55 languages and been nominated for several literary awards. Described by the Financial Times as "Turkey's leading female novelist", several of her works have been bestsellers in Turkey and internationally.
Her works have prominently featured the city of Istanbul, and dealt with themes of Eastern and Western culture, roles of women in society, and human rights issues. Certain politically challenging topics addressed in her novels, such as child abuse and the Armenian genocide, have led to legal action from authorities in Turkey that prompted her to emigrate to the United Kingdom.
Shafak also holds a PhD in political science. An essayist and contributor to several media outlets, Shafak has advocated for women's rights, minority rights, and freedom of speech.
Early life and education
Shafak was born in Strasbourg, France, to Nuri Bilgin, a philosopher, and Şafak Atayman, who later became a diplomat. After her parents separated, Shafak returned to Ankara, Turkey, where she was raised by her mother and maternal grandmother. She says that growing up in a dysfunctional family was difficult, but that growing up in a non-patriarchal environment had a beneficial impact on her. Having grown up without her father, she met her half-brothers for the first time when she was in her mid-twenties.
Shafak added her mother's first name—Turkish for "dawn"—to her own when constructing her pen name at the age of eighteen. Shafak spent her teenage years in Madrid, Jordan and Germany.
Shafak studied an undergraduate degree in international relations at Middle East Technical University, and earned a Master's studies in women's studies. She holds a Ph.D. in political science. She has taught at universities in Turkey. Later emigrating to the United States, she was a fellow at Mount Holyoke College, a visiting professor at the University of Michigan, and was a tenured professor at the University of Arizona in Near Eastern studies.
In the UK, she held the Weidenfeld Visiting Professorship in Comparative European Literature at St Anne's College, University of Oxford, for the 2017–2018 academic year, where she is an honorary fellow.
Career
Shafak has published nineteen books, both fiction and nonfiction.
Fiction
Shafak's first novel, Pinhan, was awarded the Rumi Prize in 1998, a Turkish literary prize.
Shafak's 1999 novel Mahrem (The Gaze) was awarded "Best Novel" by the Turkish Authors' Association in 2000.
Her next novel, Bit Palas (The Flea Palace, 2002), was shortlisted for Independent Best Foreign Fiction in 2005.
Shafak released her first novel in English, The Saint of Incipient Insanities, in 2004.
Her second novel in English, The Bastard of Istanbul, was long-listed for the Orange Prize. It addresses the Armenian genocide, which is denied by the Turkish government. Shafak was prosecuted in July 2006 on charges of "insulting Turkishness" (Article 301 of the Turkish Penal Code) for discussing the genocide in the novel. Had she been convicted, she would have faced a maximum jail term of three years. The Guardian commented that The Bastard of Istanbul may be the first Turkish novel to address the genocide. She was acquitted of these charges in September 2006 at the prosecutor's request.
Shafak's novel The Forty Rules of Love (Aşk in Turkish) became a bestseller in Turkey upon its release; it sold more than 200,000 copies by 2009, surpassing a previous record of 120,000 copies set by Orhan Pamuk's The New Life. In France, it was awarded a Prix ALEF* – Mention Spéciale Littérature Etrangére. It was also nominated for the 2012 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award. In 2019, it was listed by the BBC as one of the 100 "most inspiring" novels and one of the "100 novels that shaped our world".
Her 2012 novel Honour, which focuses on an honour killing, was nominated for the 2012 Man Asian Literary Prize and 2013 Women's Prize for Fiction, followed by The Architect's Apprentice, about Mimar Sinan, in 2014.
Her novel Three Daughters of Eve (2017), set in Istanbul and Oxford from the 1980s to the present day was chosen by London Mayor Sadiq Khan as his favorite book of the year. American writer Siri Hustvedt also praised the book.
Following Margaret Atwood, David Mitchell and Sjon, Shafak was selected as the 2017 writer for the Future Library project. Her work The Last Taboo is the third part of a collection of 100 literary works that will not be published until 2114.
Shafak's 2019 novel 10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World, revolving around the life of an Istanbul sex worker, was shortlisted for the Booker Prize. In 2019, Shafak was investigated by Turkish prosecutors for addressing child abuse and sexual violence in her fiction writing.
Shafak released her twelfth novel The Island of Missing Trees in 2021.
Non-fiction
Shafak's non-fiction essays in Turkish have been collected in four books: Med-Cezir (2005), Firarperest (2010), Şemspare (2012) and Sanma ki Yalnızsın (2017).
In 2020, Shafak published How to Stay Sane in an Age of Division.
In the media
Shafak has written for Time, The Guardian, La Repubblica, The New Yorker, The New York Times, Der Spiegel and New Statesman.
Shafak has been a panellist or commentator on BBC World, Euronews and Al Jazeera English.
In July 2017, Elif Shafak was chosen as a "castaway" on BBC Radio 4's Desert Island Discs.
Shafak has been a TEDGlobal speaker three times.
Themes
Istanbul
The city of Istanbul has been prominent in Shafak's writing. She depicts the city as a melting pot of different cultures and various contradictions. Shafak has remarked: "Istanbul makes one comprehend, perhaps not intellectually but intuitively, that East and West are ultimately imaginary concepts, and can thereby be de-imagined and re-imagined." In the same essay written for Time magazine Shafak says: "East and West is no water and oil. They do mix. And in a city like Istanbul they mix intensely, incessantly, amazingly." The New York Times Book Review said of Shafak, "she has a particular genius for depicting backstreet Istanbul, where the myriad cultures of the Ottoman Empire are still in tangled evidence on every family tree."
In a piece she wrote for the BBC, Shafak said, "Istanbul is like a huge, colourful Matrushka – you open it and find another doll inside. You open that, only to see a new doll nesting. It is a hall of mirrors where nothing is quite what it seems. One should be cautious when using categories to talk about Istanbul. If there is one thing the city doesn't like, it is clichés."
Eastern and Western cultures
Shafak blends Eastern and Western ways of storytelling, and draws on oral and written culture. In The Washington Post, Ron Charles says, "Shafak speaks in a multivalent voice that captures the roiling tides of diverse cultures." Mysticism and specifically Sufism has also been a theme in her work, particularly in The Forty Rules of Love.
Feminism
A feminist and advocate for gender equality, Shafak's writing has addressed numerous feminist issues and the role of women in society. Examples include motherhood and violence against women. In an interview with William Skidelsky for The Guardian, she said: "In Turkey, men write and women read. I want to see this change."
Human rights
Shafak's novels have explored human rights issues, particularly those in Turkey. She has said "What literature tries to do is to re-humanize people who have been dehumanized ... People whose voices we never hear. That's a big part of my work". Specific topics have included persecution of Yazidis, the Armenian genocide and the treatment of various minorities in Turkey.
Views
Freedom of speech
Shafak is an advocate for freedom of expression. While taking part in the Free Speech Debate, she commented, "I am more interested in showing the things we have in common as fellow human beings, sharing the same planet and ultimately, the same sorrows and joys rather than adding yet another brick in the imaginary walls erected between cultures/religions/ethnicities."
Political views
Shafak has been critical of the presidency of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, describing his tenure as leading to increased authoritarianism in Turkey. She signed an open letter in protest against Turkey's Twitter ban in 2014, commenting: "the very core of democracy ... is lacking in today's Turkey".
Shafak has spoken and written about various global political trends. In the 2010s, she drew parallels between Turkish political history and political developments in Europe and the United States. Writing in The New Yorker in 2016, she said "Wave after wave of nationalism, isolationism, and tribalism have hit the shores of countries across Europe, and they have reached the United States. Jingoism and xenophobia are on the rise. It is an Age of Angst—and it is a short step from angst to anger and from anger to aggression."
Shafak signed an open letter in protest against Russian persecution of homosexuals and blasphemy laws before Sochi 2014.
Personal life
Shafak had lived in Istanbul, and in the United States—in Boston, Michigan, and Arizona—before moving to the UK. Shafak has lived in London since 2013, but speaks of "carrying Istanbul in her soul". As of 2019, Shafak had been in self-imposed exile from Turkey due to fear of prosecution.
Shafak is married to the Turkish journalist Eyüp Can Sağlık, a former editor of the newspaper Radikal, with whom she has a daughter and a son. In 2017, Shafak came out as bisexual.
Following the birth of her daughter in 2006, Shafak suffered from postpartum depression, a period she addressed in her memoir Black Milk.
Awards and recognition
Book awards
Pinhan, The Great Rumi Award, Turkey 1998.
The Gaze, Union of Turkish Writers' Best Novel Prize, 2000; and
The Flea Palace, shortlisted for Independent Foreign Fiction Prize, United Kingdom 2005;
Soufi, mon amour (Phébus, 2011), Prix ALEF – Mention Spéciale Littérature Etrangère;
The Forty Rules of Love, nominated for 2012 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award;
Crime d'honneur (Phébus, 2013), 2013 Prix Relay des voyageurs;
Honour, second place for the Prix Escapade, France 2014;
The Architect's Apprentice, shortlisted for RSL Ondaatje Prize, 2015;
10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World, shortlisted for the Booker Prize, 2019;
10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World, shortlisted for Ondaatje Prize, 2020;
The Island of Missing Trees, shortlisted for the Costa Book Award, 2021;
Halldór Laxness International Literature Prize, 2021;
The Island of Missing Trees, shortlisted for the Women's Prize for Fiction, 2022;
Other recognition
Maria Grazia Cutuli Award – International Journalism Prize, Italy 2006.
Turkish Journalists and Writers Foundation "The Art of Coexistence Award, 2009";
Marka Conference 2010 Award;
Women To Watch Award, Mediacat & Advertising Age, March 2014;
Asian Women of Achievement Awards 2015: Global Empowerment Award;
2016 GTF Awards for Excellence in Promoting Gender Equality;
BBC's 100 most inspiring and influential women, 2021.
Bibliography
NOTE: Marion Boyars Publishers Ltd was bought out by Viking in 2011.
Notes
A. Her name is spelled "Shafak" (with the digraph ⟨Sh⟩ in place of the ⟨Ş⟩) on her books published in English, including the Penguin Books edition of The Forty Rules of Love.
References
External links
– official site
– official site
Elif Shafak at Curtis Brown Literary and Talent Agency
Elif Shafak's Istanbul, CNN International
Elif Shafak 'Read My Country', BBC Radio World Service The Strand
Urdu Translations of Elif Shafak's books, Jumhoori Publications
Elif Shafak: 'In Turkey, men write and women read. I want to see this change'
1971 births
Living people
21st-century essayists
Academics of the University of Oxford
Bisexual women
Bisexual writers
Exophonic writers
Free speech activists
Freedom of expression in Turkey
French people of Turkish descent
LGBT academics
LGBT people from Turkey
LGBT writers from Turkey
Middle East Technical University alumni
New Statesman people
Writers from Ankara
Turkish academics
Turkish feminists
Turkish non-fiction writers
Turkish novelists
Turkish women writers
Women political scientists
Turkish emigrants to the United Kingdom
University of Arizona faculty
Terry B. Kraft is a retired rear admiral of the United States Navy, formerly commanding the U.S. Naval Forces Japan. He is a Naval Flight Officer whose previous commands include Electronic Attack Squadron 131 (VAQ-131), , and .
Education
Kraft is a 1981 graduate of the United States Naval Academy; he earned a master's degree in political science from Auburn University and is a graduate of the Navy Nuclear Power School. He was a federal executive fellow at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University (1999–2000).
Career
Kraft's sea duty tours include the following:
Attack Squadron (VA) 55 embarked in ,
VA-115 embarked in , and
VA-95 embarked in .
He also served as executive officer on . During those tours, he participated in Operations El Dorado Canyon, Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom (OIF) and Enduring Freedom (OEF).
Kraft commanded Electronic Attack Squadron 131, Amphibious Transport Dock , the aircraft carrier , and the Enterprise Carrier Strike Group (CSG-12). He participated in both OIF and OEF during all four tours. He assumed command of Navy Warfare Development Command in October 2011.
Shore tours for Kraft have included duty in VA-128, Air Command and Staff College, Current Operations Directorate (J31), U.S. Pacific Command, and the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Cambridge, Massachusetts. After flag selection, he reported to the Pentagon, Chief of Naval Operations staff, first in N88 as head of Maritime Aviation, Unmanned Aerial Systems and Aviation Training Plans and Programs, then in N2/N6 as director, ISR Capabilities.
Kraft had over 3700 hours and 1000 carriers arrested landings in the A-6E, EA-6B and F/A-18F aircraft.
Fat Leonard scandal
Kraft was implicated in a wide-ranging corruption scandal known as "Fat Leonard scandal". Kraft and other high-ranking officials were censured for their conduct during the 2006 deployment of the USS Ronald Reagan. The Navy said the officers showed "very poor judgement and leadership regarding [their] relationship with Mr. Leonard Francis, the president of Glenn Defense Marine Asia". Further statements from the Navy stated that Kraft merely underpaid after attending dinner parties. Although the Navy eventually referred the cases to the Justice Department, legal action was not pursued due to the statute of limitations.
In July 2015, he was forced to retire after 34 years of service.
Awards and decorations
As of 2015, Kraft is authorized to wear the Legion of Merit with four gold stars, Distinguished Flying Cross (with combat V), the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with two gold stars and multiple individual and strike-flight Air Medals.
References
United States Navy admirals
Living people
United States Naval Academy alumni
Auburn University alumni
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
1961 births
Jean-Paul Jacques Favre de Thierrens (18 February 189517 October 1973) was a World War I flying ace credited with five confirmed aerial victories and one unconfirmed one. His courageous service would earn him the Légion d'honneur and the Croix de guerre.
He would return to service during World War II, becoming active in espionage for the French Resistance while rising to the military rank of lieutenant colonel. His status in the Legion d'honneur was raised to Commander as a result of his continued service to his nation.
Early life
Favre de Thierrens was born in Nîmes, France, on 18 February 1895. He was raised in a Calvinist family.
He passed the exam to enter at the Ecole des Beaux-arts. He did not spend much time at the Beaux-arts as the first World War broke out.
Aviation service during World War I
His initial military service during World War I was in the 32nd Regiment d'Artillerie.
After transfer to the Aéronautique Militaire, Favre de Thierrens underwent aviation training and received his Military Pilot's Brevet in 1916. He was posted to Escadrille F215, which was equipped with Farmans. He was wounded by antiaircraft shrapnel on 2 September 1916. After winning two citations with Escadrille 215, he was transferred to Escadrille N62 as a Nieuport pilot. After the unit re-equipped with SPAD VIIs, he began to score aerial victories. He would have five victory claims verified as scored between 21 October 1917 and 4 June 1918; in later years, he would claim a sixth win that apparently was not officially verified.
On 12 June 1918, he was appointed a Chevalier in the Legion d'honneur. The accompanying award proclamation mentioned that he had amassed four citations. At some point, he had also been awarded the Croix de Guerre.
List of aerial victories
See also Aerial victory standards of World War I
Confirmed victories are numbered and listed chronologically. Unconfirmed victories are denoted by "u/c".
World II
Favre de Thierrens would return to service, rising to lieutenant colonel during World War II. He would join the Vichy regime's prisoner of war aid society, the Rassemblement national prisonniers de guerre, as a mole on behalf of the French Resistance; he was involved in the escape of General Henri Giraud.
He was the immediate superior of François Mitterrand. Later, on 12 September 1994, François Mitterrand in a television interview about his Vichyst past, talked about Favre de Thierrens as a colourful character.
When the zone libre or free zone was invaded, he hides in his house at Ledenon, Gard the archives of the French secret services.
His services would earn him a promotion to Commander in the Legion d'honneur, the award being made on 2 November 1945.
After World II
After World War II, he moved back to his estate at Saint-Bonnet-du-Gard.
In 1953, at the age of 59 years, Favre de Thierrens started to paint and became a fine artist noted for figure studies.
His first exhibition took place in 1955, followed by others in Switzerland and the US.
He mainly painted women but not also his estate and the countryside of Provence.
In 1971, as he became blinded, he stopped painting.
Jean-Paul Jacques Favre de Thierrens died on 17 October 1973 in Paris. He is buried in Nîmes.
Endnotes
References
François Mitterrand: A Political Biography. David Scott Bell. Polity, 2005. , 9780745631042.
Over the Front: A Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 Norman Franks, Frank W. Bailey. Grub Street, 1992. , 9780948817540.
Spad VII Aces of World War I: Volume 39 of Aircraft of the Aces. Jon Guttman. Osprey Publishing, 2001. , 9781841762227.
External links
Jacques Favre de Thierrens on Art Fact
One page on the aerodrome, a website dedicated to World War I flying aces
1895 births
1973 deaths
French World War I flying aces
Phylidorea ferruginea is a Palearctic species of craneflies in the family Limoniidae.It is found in a wide range of habitats and micro habitats: in earth rich in humus, in swamps and marshes, in leaf litter and in wet spots in woods.
References
External links
Ecology of Commanster
Limoniidae
Catherine Beck may refer to:
Cathie Beck (born 1955), American author
K. K. Beck (born 1950), Katherine Beck, American novelist
Kathryn Beck (born 1986), Australian actress
Katie Beck (born 1982), American curler
The 1969 National League Championship Series was a best-of-five match-up between the East Division champion New York Mets and the West Division champion Atlanta Braves. In what was the first ever NLCS, the Mets defeated the Braves three games to none. They did not sweep a playoff series again until 2006 as they swept the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Division Series in three games.
At that time, the New York Mets became the fastest expansion team to win a National League pennant with only eight years of existence. Twenty-eight years later, in 1997, the Florida Marlins would break that record by reaching and winning the World Series with only five years of existence. Four years after the Marlins, the Arizona Diamondbacks would break that by reaching and winning the World Series in just their fourth year.
Nolan Ryan played for the Mets at the time, but he did not play until Game 3, which was the first playoff victory of his career.
The Braves finally avenged their 1969 loss 30 years later, by beating the Mets in that year's NLCS four games to two.
Background
This was the first year of the two-division format in Major League Baseball, after 99 consecutive years of straight non-divisional play.
This was the year of the "Miracle" Mets. The team had finished only one game better than last the year before, had never finished better than ninth in their seven-year history, were generally picked for third or fourth in the new six-team National League East Division, and were a 100-to-1 longshot to win the World Series. In third place and 10 games behind the division-leading Cubs on August 13, the Mets rallied to win the East Division title by eight games, winning exactly 100 games.
The Braves, led by Hank Aaron, Orlando Cepeda and Phil Niekro, won a tough five-team race in the West Division, and were favored over the Mets as the playoff began, despite the Mets having won seven more games than the Braves. In what was expected to be a pitching-rich series, the teams combined for 42 runs, batted .292, hit 11 home runs, and posted a combined 5.94 ERA in the three games. Hank Aaron hit three home runs for the Braves, while Tommie Agee and Ken Boswell hit two each for the Mets.
The Mets would also go on to beat the Baltimore Orioles in the World Series, four games to one.
It was the first of five NL pennants for the Mets. The first two came in the only two NL series between 1969 and 1980 that did not feature a Pennsylvania team (the other being 1973.). The Braves would not reach the NLCS again until 1982, and would not win a game in the NLCS until they won the Pennant in 1991. It would be another four years before the Braves captured their first World Series championship as an Atlanta team in 1995.
Summary
New York Mets vs. Atlanta Braves
Game summaries
Game 1
The Mets struck first in the second off Phil Niekro when Jerry Grote singled in a run with two on and Ken Boswells scored on a passed ball by Braves catcher Bob Didier. The Braves cut the lead in half in their half on a sacrifice fly by Clete Boyer with runners on second and third off of Tom Seaver.
The Braves took a 3–2 lead in the third inning scoring twice on three consecutive one-out doubles by Felix Millán, Tony González, and Hank Aaron. The Mets immediately re-took the lead in the fourth inning on a two-run triple by Bud Harrelson after a two-out single and walk.
Gonzalez then tied the game at 4–4 in the fifth inning with the first home run in NLCS play. Hank Aaron gave the Braves the lead with a home run in the seventh.
In the eighth, however, things fell apart for the Braves. Wayne Garrett led off with a double and was singled home by Cleon Jones. Art Shamsky singled and Jones stole third. Ken Boswell then grounded to first, but Braves first baseman Orlando Cepeda threw wildly home in an attempt to retire Jones. Boswell reached first and Al Weis, running for Shamsky, went to second. Ed Kranepool forced Weis at third, and Grote grounded out to first, putting runners on second and third. Harrelson was walked intentionally to load the bases. Then, J.C. Martin, batting for Tom Seaver, drove in two runs with a single to right center. Harrelson came around to score from first when González misplayed the hit. Martin reached second, but was cut down in a rundown. Ron Taylor pitched two shutout innings to close it out as the Mets won the first NLCS game in history.
Game 2
The Mets scored early and often in this one, pounding six Braves pitchers for 13 hits and 11 runs. Ed Kranepool brought in the first run in the top of the first with a bases-loaded single. Tommie Agee's two-run home run after a walk next inning extended the Mets' lead to 3–0. Cleon Jones doubled with two outs and scored on Art Shamsky's single to knock starter Ron Reed out of the game. Next inning off of Paul Doyle, Jerry Grote reached on an error before scoring on Bud Harrelson's double. After a two-out intentional walk, Wayne Garrett's RBI single made it 6–0 Mets. Ken Boswell's two-run home run off of Milt Pappas made it 8–0 Mets. The Braves got on the board in the bottom half off of starter Jerry Koosman when Rico Carty doubled with one out and scored on Orlando Cepeda's single. In the top of the fifth, Garrett doubled and scored on Jones's single. In the bottom half, Koosman got two outs before allowing a single and walk, then Hank Aaron's three-run home run cut the Mets' lead to 9–4. After a walk and double, Clete Boyer's two-run single brought the Braves within three. However, Ron Taylor, who earned the win, and Tug McGraw held them scoreless for the rest of the game while Jones's two-run home run in the seventh off of Cecil Upshaw extended the Mets' lead to 11–6. They took a 2–0 series lead heading to New York.
Game 3
In what would be his last postseason appearance, Hank Aaron put the Braves up 2–0 in the first inning with a two-run home run, his third of the series, off of Gary Gentry.
Once again, the downfall of the Braves was their inability to stave off the hot Met hitters. Tommie Agee homered in the third, and Ken Boswell hit a two-run home run in the fourth to put the Mets on top 3–2 off of starter Pat Jarvis.
Orlando Cepeda gave Braves fans a glimmer of hope by hitting a two-run home run off Nolan Ryan in the fifth after a two-out walk to put the Braves back on top, 4–3. But, in the bottom of the inning Ryan singled with one out and Wayne Garrett then homered to give the Mets a 5–4 lead, which they would not lose. Cleon Jones's double knocked Jarvis out of the game. Boswell added an RBI single off of George Stone, and next inning, Jerry Grote hit a leadoff double off of Stone and Agee singled him home off of Cecil Upshaw. Ryan pitched seven innings in relief of Gentry for the win as the Mets advanced to their first World Series.
Composite box
1969 NLCS (3–0): New York Mets over Atlanta Braves
References
External links
Baseball-Reference.com – 1969 NLCS
National League Championship Series
National League Championship Series
New York Mets postseason
Atlanta Braves postseason
National League Championship Series
20th century in Atlanta
National League Championship Series
National League Championship Series
1960s in Queens
Shea Stadium
Ta' Xbiex Waterpolo Club is a waterpolo club from Ta' Xbiex, Malta.
For sponsorship reasons, the club is known as Ta' Xbiex Amigos.
Current squad
As at June 12, 2018:
Miguel Vassallo
Raoul Greco
Malcolm Manara
Luke Hyzler
Benji Cachia
Kurt Mock
Gareth Blundell
Nikola Dedović
Liam Galea
Keith Tanti
Niall Saliba
Liam Pace
References
External links
Official Website
Water polo clubs in Malta
In computer science, request–response or request–reply is one of the basic methods computers use to communicate with each other in a network, in which the first computer sends a request for some data and the second responds to the request. More specifically, it is a message exchange pattern in which a requestor sends a request message to a replier system, which receives and processes the request, ultimately returning a message in response. It is analogous to a telephone call, in which the caller must wait for the recipient to pick up before anything can be discussed. This is a simple but powerful messaging pattern which allows two applications to have a two-way conversation with one another over a channel; it is especially common in client–server architectures.
For simplicity, this pattern is typically implemented in a purely synchronous fashion, as in web service calls over HTTP, which holds a connection open and waits until the response is delivered or the timeout period expires. However, request–response may also be implemented asynchronously, with a response being returned at some unknown later time. When a synchronous system communicates with an asynchronous system, it is referred to as "sync over async" or "sync/async". This is common in enterprise application integration (EAI) implementations where slow aggregations, time-intensive functions, or human workflow must be performed before a response can be constructed and delivered.
In contrast, one-way computer communication, which is like the push-to-talk or "barge in" feature found on some phones and two-way radios, sends a message without waiting for a response. Sending an email is an example of one-way communication, and another example are fieldbus sensors, such as most CAN bus sensors, which periodically and autonomously send out their data, whether or not any other devices on the bus are listening for it. (Most of these systems use a "listen before talk" or other contention-based protocol so multiple sensors can transmit periodic updates without any pre-coordination.)
See also
Futures and promises
Message exchange pattern
Publish/subscribe
Remote procedure call
References
External links
W3C single-request-response pattern
Network protocols
Bradley Rowe (born November 20, 1955) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Biography
Rowe played on the Grand Prix tennis circuit between 1977 and 1979, predominantly featuring in doubles tournaments. He was runner-up in three Grand Prix events with San Jose State University teammate Hank Pfister, in San Jose and Hong Kong in 1978, then San Jose once more in 1979.
He qualified for the main singles draw of a Grand Slam tournament for the only time at the 1979 French Open. In the first round he defeated Paul Kronk, before being eliminated in the second round by eventual semi-finalist Vitas Gerulaitis.
Presently, Rowe is working as a tennis coach in California's Conejo Valley.
Grand Prix career finals
Doubles: 3 (0–3)
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from California
San Jose State Spartans men's tennis players
The image circle is the cross-section of the cone of light transmitted by a lens or series of lenses onto the image plane. When this light strikes a perpendicular target such as photographic film or a digital camera sensor, it forms a circle of light – the image circle. Various sensor aspect ratios may be used which all fit inside the same image circle, 3:2, 4:3, 16:9, etc.
A lens to be used on a camera that provides movements must have an image circle larger than the size of the image format (Adams 1980, 54). To avoid vignetting, a photographer using a view camera must ensure that the area remains within the image circle (Adams 1980, 56–57; 151–52; 157–61); a tilt/shift lens or perspective-control lens used on a small- or medium-format camera usually has mechanical limitations that keep the frame area within the image circle.
See also
Film format
Image sensor format
Format factor
References
Adams, Ansel. 1980. The Camera. The New Ansel Adams Basic Photography Series/Book 1. ed. Robert Baker. Boston: New York Graphic Society.
Ray, Sidney F. 2000. The geometry of image formation. In The Manual of Photography: Photographic and Digital Imaging, 9th ed. Ed. Ralph E. Jacobson, Sidney F. Ray, Geoffrey G. Atteridge, and Norman R. Axford. Oxford: Focal Press.
Ray, Sidney F. 2002. Applied Photographic Optics, 3rd ed. Oxford: Focal Press
Further reading
Langford, Michael J. Basic Photography, 3rd ed, 63–64. Garden City, NY: Amphoto, 1973.
Ray, Sidney F. Photographic Lenses and Optics, 125. Oxford: Focal Press, 1994.
Stroebel, Leslie. View Camera Technique, 3rd ed, 62–67. London: Focal Press, 1976.
Photographic lenses
Locride is an area of Calabria, Italy around the town of Locri in the Province of Reggio Calabria. The term takes origin from the Locris, an ancient Greek region.
It is divided into 5 areas:
Vallata dello Stilaro
Vallata del Torbido
Epizefiri
Vallata del Bonamico
Heracleum
See also
Bovesia
Costa Viola
Grande Reggio
Piana di Gioia Tauro
Costa dei gelsomini
Locris
Italian page
References
Province of Reggio Calabria
Dr Govinnage Wimal Padmasiri Wickremasinghe (25 November 1942 – January 2009) was a Sri Lankan politician and economist. A member of the Sri Lankan parliament for Ratnapura District, he served as the Minister of Environment and Parliamentary Affairs in the United National Party government headed by Sri Lankan president R. Premadasa. He also functioned as the Chief Government Whip of Sri Lankan parliament from 7 April 1993 to 24 June 1994.
An economist by profession, Wickremasinghe served as the director of research in the Central Bank of Sri Lanka. He also served as the Chairman of the Sri Lanka Export Credit Insurance Corporation which he initiated and introduced the practical concept of credit insurance to Sri Lanka. Wickremasinghe once served as the Chairman of the International Committee of Export Credit Insurance of the developing countries. He also served as a World Bank consultant to the Government of Indonesia.
Wickremasinghe was the author of several books which he wrote after retiring from active politics.
He married Daya Menike, a senior professor in the Department of Linguistics, University of Kelaniya, they had two children, Shresta (son) and Mauli (daughter), whom both reside in the USA.
References
1942 births
2009 deaths
Environment ministers of Sri Lanka
Members of the 9th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan economists
Sinhalese politicians
United National Party politicians
Francis Fraser may refer to:
Francis Charles Fraser (1903–1978), cetologist
Frankie Fraser (1923–2014), English criminal
Francis Humphris Fraser (1833–1911), New Zealand politician
Francis Richard Fraser (1885–1964), Scottish physician
See also
Frank Fraser (disambiguation)
Francis Frazer, fictional character
Frances Frazier, 1988 Miss Georgia
Frank Frazier (1960–2000), American football player
Fraser (surname)
Nikolay Nikitich Popovsky () (1730?- 13 February 1760) was a Russian poet and protégé of Mikhail Lomonosov. Son of a priest serving at Saint Basil's Cathedral in Moscow, in 1748 he was chosen by Vasily Trediakovsky at Lomonosov's behest amongst ten students from the Moscow Slavyano-Greko-Latin Academy to be enrolled in the university attached to the Academy of Sciences. While still a student at the university, he translated Horace's Ars Poetica into Russian verse, whereas Trediakovsky had produced only a prose rendition. The Horace translation, including the odes, was published by the Academy of Sciences in 1753. In 1753 at Lomonosov's suggestion he translated the first part of Alexander Pope's "Essay on Man" from a French version; publication was delayed until 1757 due to opposition by the Russian Orthodox church. He wrote an ode in honour of Empress Elizabeth's ascension to the Russian throne (1754), and another in the name of Moscow University for her coronation (1756). His poem in honour of Elizabeth on the occasion of the New Year's fireworks display of 1755, at one time thought to have been written by Lomonosov, is in fact a translation of Jacob Stahlin's poem "Verse an Ihre Kayserliche Majestät unsere grosse und huldreichste Monarchin gerichtet worden".
Sponsored by Lomonosov, Popovsky in 1755 became rector of the University Gymnasium in Moscow; in his inaugural address, "On the Content, Significance, and Scope of Philosophy" he championed conducting lectures on the subject in Russian rather than Latin, a proposal which Moscow University eventually put into practice twelve years later.
References
, pp. 75–130; 570-579.
1730 births
1760 deaths
Russian male poets
Pobratymy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Pobratymy
The 39th Guards Motor Rifle Division of the Soviet Ground Forces was a mechanised infantry division active from 1965 to 1992. It was originally formed as the 39th Guards Rifle Division of the Workers and Peasant's Red Army. It was formed during the German-Soviet War as part of the 62nd Army and assigned to the defense of Stalingrad, officially arriving in the theater in August 1942. In September the division fought through German forces which were attempting to encircle the city, and was assigned to defend the 'Volga Corridor,' the last supply line remaining for Soviet units in the city.
Defense of the Red October Steel Works
From September 30, 1942, the division, which could muster only roughly half its original strength, was assigned to defend the Red October steel works. From that date until February 2, 1943, the division was involved in almost constant combat with numerically superior German forces. On October 14, 1942, the 39th repulsed a major German counterattack involving three Infantry divisions, two Panzer divisions, and 3,000 combat sorties by the Luftwaffe. For five months the 39th Guards maintained their tenuous hold on the Red October factory, holding an area only 3000 yards wide and 1000 yards in depth. Along with similar pockets at the Dzerzhinsky tractor factory and the Barrikady gun factory, Red October represented one of the last viable defensive positions on the west bank of the Volga River. Soviet troops fought major battles from building to building and room to room, with success often measured in mere yards. As the Germans desperately tried to eliminate these pockets they poured more and more troops into the city, weakening their flanks and wasting men and material in what was becoming a meat-grinder for the Wehrmacht. These factors contributed directly the successes of the Soviet counter-offensives of November and December (see Operation Uranus and Operation Saturn), and the subsequent encirclement and eventual surrender of Gen. Friedrich Paulus's 6th Army.
Refit and Ukraine, 1943
Following the victory at Stalingrad the remnants of the 62nd Army, including the 39th Guards, was placed in reserve and became the basis for the newly formed 8th Guards Army, receiving the honorific 'Guards' in honor of their heroic defense of Stalingrad. The army remained under the command of Lieutenant General Vasily Chuikov, its commander in Stalingrad. Through 1943 the 8th Guards Army fought across Ukraine, crossing the North Donets River, establishing a bridgehead south of Isyum, and in cooperation with adjacent armies, advanced on the Don Basin and ultimately liberated it. They fought across the Don, through Dnepropetrovsk, continuing to Zaporozhe, and participated in the fighting on the Zaporozhe bridgehead across the Dnepr on October 10–14.
1944
The division turned south and fought for the liberation of Nikolayev in March 1944, and liberated Odessa in April. Turning north into Moldavia the division liberated Kovel before participating in the Lvov-Sandomir Operation, which began on July 13 and lasted until August 29. On July 20, they crossed the Bug River and crossed into Poland. On July 24, the 39th Guards liberated Lublin and continued to advance on Warsaw, establishing a major bridgehead on the Vistula River which was the key for the Soviet advance towards Silesia, central Poland and the German border. They encountered furious counterattacks by German units, with the 8th Army losing 17,000 men in the process.
1945 and the Battle of Berlin
On January 12, the 39th Guards participated in the Vistula-Oder Offensive, which lasted 23 days and saw the division advance 500 km through Poland. They crushed the German defenders (including the elite "Großdeutschland Division") as they liberated the towns of Lodz and Posnan, finally arriving at the Oder River just north of Frankfurt on February 3. They stormed the Kustrin Fortress and established a bridgehead over the Oder, within 60 km of Berlin. They attacked the city from the east, pushing through the area of Karlshorst, across Tempelhof Airport and Landwehr Canal, destroying the 11th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Nordland and then the 17th Panzer Division just south of the Reichstag.
The 39th Guards Rifle Division pushed north and fought through the Tiergarten, ending their war along Charlottenburger Chaussee at the Brandenburg Gate, meeting units from the 207th and 150th Rifle Divisions just 250 yards from the Reichstag. The final banner of the division, which had served from the center of Stalingrad to the center of Berlin, read: "39th Barvenkovskikh Guards Order of Lenin, Twice Order of the Red Banner, Order of Suvorov Second Class and Order of Bogdan Khmelnitsky Second Class Rifle Division."
Cold War Service
Along with the rest of the 8th Guards Army, from 1949 the division was stationed in Ohrdruf, Gotha and Meiningen, East Germany (the GDR). Following the Second World War, the 39th Guards became a Motor Rifle Division in 1957. At different times (up to the 1980s), some regiments and separate battalions changed their garrison and placed in other cities of Thuringia - Arnstadt and Saalfeld. It was opposite the strategically vital Fulda Gap, and the U.S. V and VII US Corps in NATO's Central Army Group. The distance from the locations of parts of the division to the state border with Germany was about 5 kilometers. Withdrawal from Germany began about October 28, 1991.
The division had the Military Unit Number 38865.
By a Resolution of the CPSU Central Committee, the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR and the USSR Council of Ministers on 30 October 1967, the "For Service to protect the Soviet homeland and achieved high results in combat and political training and 50th Anniversary of the Great October Socialist Revolution to award the 39th Guards Motorized Rifle Barvenkovsky Order of Lenin Red Banner Orders of Suvorov twice and Bogdan Khmelnitsky Division the Commemorative Banner of the CPSU Central Committee, and leave it for an eternal possession as a symbol of valor.
Following the collapse of the Soviet Union and the reunification of Germany, the division was disbanded after a temporary relocation to Bila Tserkva in Ukraine in 1992.
See also
List of infantry divisions of the Soviet Union 1917–1957
References
Further reading
Ионов В. М. «Неприступный бастион». Волгоград, 1977 г.;
Морозов А. А. «39-я Барвенковская». Москва, 1981 г.;
Исаев, Алексей Валерьевич "Сражения в логове зверя". Москва, Яуза, Эксмо, 2007 г.;
Шеваров, Дмитрий Геннадьевич "Виноград. Фронтовая элегия в монологах и письмах", Журнал «Дружба Народов», 2010 г., №5.
Adrian Ermel "Nachbarschaft zwischen Übung und Ernstfall" Оhrdruf und Truppenübungsplatz 1906 - 2009./"Соседство между учениями и чрезвычайным положением." Ордруф и полигон 1906 - 2009. Германия, Издательство "Rockstuhl", 2010 г.
Бурлаков М.П. и др. "Советские войска в Германии 1945-1994". "Молодая гвардия", 1994 г.
Ленский А.Г., Цыбин М.М. "Советские сухопутные войска в последний год Союза ССР. Справочник". С.-Пб., 2001 г.
External links
Home page of the re-enacted 117th Guards Rifle Regiment, 39th Guards Rifle Division, a World War II reenactment unit based in Ohio.
G039
Military units and formations established in 1957
Military units and formations awarded the Order of the Red Banner
The Artists Project, formerly known as The Starving Artists Project, captures press portrait photography. This project provides press photo sessions for celebrities and then donates the rest of the day for artists, musicians, actors, or anyone in need of portrait photography, all on a donation basis. If attendees cannot afford to pay anything The Artists Project will provide press photography for free. This project uses the leverage of brands and celebrities to help get photography to starving artists. These press photos are taken in Los Angeles in the home of the project's founder Michael Bezjian, who is a Getty Images contributing photographer. Bezjian not only photographs celebrities, who are referred to as "posing heroes", but artists who have not yet broken into their careers, referred to by the project as "the artists".
<blockquote>"We don't want their money. We will also set people up if they can't afford transportation."
- Michael Bezjian, SAP founder</blockquote>
The Artists Project also offers internships to those interested in gaining experience with photography, media coverage, production, videography, stylizing, editing, graphic designing, professional hair and make-up, and all umbrella aspects of the project and its respective industry, entertainment. An article in LA Weekly'' provided an ambiance for the project
History
In 2014, the press photographer Michael Bezjian started The Artists Project from his house in Los Angeles, California. In 2015, The Artists Project has had three additional articles describing what the project does and can do for both celebrities and artists. By July 2015, there had been over 500 artists helped, according to the website.
In early 2016, the comedian Denise Vasquez met The Artists Project for a portrait session. She met the producer and photographer Tasia Wells for a Q&A session.
References
External links
Twitter @TAPGiveBackLA
Facebook/The Artists Project
American artist groups and collectives
The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines (aka Clash of Empires: The Battle for Asia in the United Kingdom) is a 2011 Malaysian epic action film loosely based on the late 18th or 19th century document Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa (Kedah Annals), which is also its title as released in Malaysia (Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa). The film is directed, co-written, and co-produced by Yusry Abdul Halim. Narrating the early history of the state of Kedah, it stars Stephen Rahman-Hughes as Merong Mahawangsa, who escorts Prince Marcus Carprenius of the Roman Empire to Langkasuka to marry Princess Meng Li Hua from the Han Dynasty of China, thus uniting the two powers of East and West. The film was produced and distributed by KRU Studios.
The film was released to Malaysian cinemas nationwide beginning on 10 March 2011. The film won eight out of its 13 nominations in the 24th Malaysia Film Festival in the same year, including the category for Best Film.
Plot
The story begins with a mysterious man writing about the history of an old Malay kingdom so that people would not forget the history of the early Malay heroes. In 120 AD, the powerful Roman Empire, under the reign of Hadrian, had expanded its rule to the Central Asian countries. During their time of expanding, the great Roman Empire agreed to create an alliance with the Han Dynasty by marrying their two prince and princess, thus uniting the two powers both the East and West. However, the Roman prince, Marcus Carprenius (Gavin Stenhouse), did not agree with the decision. Instead, he wants to be free and not be controlled by politics. The Han princess, Meng Li Hua (Jing Lusi), also wants to be free instead being a pawn in a political game.
The Roman fleet sails off from the coast of Arabia to the mysterious peninsula dividing the two great kingdoms. The Roman fleet is struck by a powerful storm, which causes the Romans to lose much of their fleet. They go instead to the coast of Goa. They are greeted by a local Goan dealer, (Mano Maniam), and later introduced to Merong Mahawangsa (Stephen Rahman-Hughes), said to be the descendant of Alexander the Great himself. Merong is preparing to duel against Sunder (Ravi Sunderlingam), a Goan nobleman who challenged him after finding out about Merong's illicit relationship with the nobleman's sister, Yasodharā (Deborah Henry). Merong defeats Sunder and Marcus is impressed by Merong's fighting skill. Subsequently, Merong agrees to escort Marcus to the peninsula while Lycius (Eric Karl Henrik Norman), the Roman fleet admiral returns to Rome and promises to return to Goa with a brand-new fleet, carrying the payment in gold for the passage of the prince to the "Golden Chersonese". Merong is also promised a ship large enough for him to explore the known world.
Merong escorts Marcus to the peninsula and is greeted by the Chinese Admiral Liu Yun (Craig Robert Fong). Merong tells Marcus and Liu Yun that this peninsula was where he grew up and it is owned by several tribes. The night before the marriage, Meng Li Hua and her handmaiden, Ying Ying (Nell Ng) agrees to run away and begin a new life in the peninsula. However, Marcus follows Meng, resulting in their first meeting. The royal couple then grows closer to each other as they discover how they both have a common wish of being free from palace life. In the morning, The Chinese and the Romans are attacked by the pirate nation, Garuda. The Garuda leader, Taji (Wan Hanafi Su) uses black magic and sorcery before attacking to weaken their enemies. Meng and Ying Ying is kidnapped by Kamawas (Khir Rahman). Marcus tries to stop Kamawas but is stabbed and falls into the sea. Heavily outnumbered, the Chinese and the Romans are defeated. Merong, enraged by Marcus' apparent death, kills most of the Garuda fighters but is heavily injured and passes out.
Merong wakes up as he is getting treated by a tribe leader named Kesum (Rahim Razali). Kesum and Embok (Ummi Nazeera), one of the village's nurses treat Merong until he is well enough to fight again. Merong learns that Kesum and Taji were students to a once great magician and a brave warrior. Taji, wanting the great magician's amulet of immortality, kills the great magician during his sleep and led a small band of fighters to terrorise the villages. It was revealed that Merong's mother Lang (Umie Aida) was implied to be killed in the onslaught, which has since haunted Merong's dreams; while Embok was once raped by Kamawas during one of these raids. Consequently, Merong swore revenge to Kamawas. Kesum tells Merong of a prophecy that a great warrior will come and unite all the tribe into one kingdom and defeat the enemy. Kesum believes that Merong is the one. After hearing the prophecy, Merong becomes Kesum's student and begins uniting the tribes.
In the island of Garuda, Meng and Ying Ying are held captives for ransoms by Taji and Kamawas. Meng and Ying Ying manages to steal Kamawas a piece of the amulet of immortality. After Merong manages to unite all the tribes, they became one kingdom known as Langkasuka and began a new civilisation. Merong is then suddenly met by Liu Yen, Marcus (who was saved by Liu Yun and gets treated) and a small group of Chinese soldiers. Liu Yun tells Merong that they have to save the princess before she is killed. Merong is then given a ship full of mirrors by Liu Yun. As Merong prepares his fighters to invade the island of Garuda, Embok confessed her love to Merong.
Merong launches an attack toward Garuda in the morning. The Garuda prepared their ships and outnumbered Merong's fighters at least five to one. Merong revealed that he used the ship full of mirrors to create a similar weapon to the Archimedes Heat Ray and uses it to set all the Geruda ships and boats on fire (along with some of the men). Taji then uses sorcery to make storms and cover the sun with black clouds, rendering the weapon useless. After a heroic speech, Merong and his fighters launch an attack and land on the beaches. After a brief fight, Merong's fighters manage to take control the beach but another wave of Garuda fighters led by Taji came in to destroy the fighters. Merong's fighters fight to their death while Marcus confronts Kamawas, but Kamawas defeats Marcus easily. Before Kamawas could finish Marcus off, Liu Yen came in to stop Kamawas but is killed in the process. Most of Merong's fighters were killed. However, shortly after, A large fleet of the Romans and the Chinese, led by Admiral Lycius arrives on the scene and attacks Garuda, changing the tide of the battle. Merong arrives to save Marcus and confronts Kamawas. After a brief duel, Kamawas is finally defeated. Merong tries to kill Taji but is stabbed. Merong makes a sacrifice by taking the amulet off and pushing the sword forward, thus killing them both. Right after Merong dies, the Romans and the Chinese attack and finish off the last of the Garuda, ending the battle.
Many years after the great battle, it is revealed that the mysterious narrator is Sultan Mudzafar Shah, the first Sultan of Kedah writing about the history of Merong Mahawangsa in the Kedah Annals. The Sultan tells that Langkasuka was known as a great and proud Kingdom. The film ends with a flashback to Merong being pronounced a hero and the first king of Langkasuka.
Cast
Stephen Rahman-Hughes as Merong Mahawangsa.
The Roman delegation
Gavin Stenhouse as Marcus Carprenius, Prince of the Roman Empire.
Eric Karl Henrik Norman as Lycius, Admiral of Rome.
The Chinese delegation
Jing Lusi as Meng Li Hua, Princess of the Han Dynasty.
Craig Fong as Liu Yun, Admiral of China.
Nell Ng as Ying Ying, Meng Li Hua's close and personal friend
Keith Chong as the Emperor of China.
Pirates of Garuda
The Garuda in the original tale is depicted as a gigantic bird-like creature whereas the film—due to limitations of the technology needed to recreate the bird—instead portrays it as a different entity, particularly a pirate tribe nation with its own island.
Wan Hanafi Su as Taji, The leader of the pirate nation of Geruda. (The name Taji, meaning 'spur' or 'talon' in Malay, alludes to the Garuda.)
Khir Rahman as Kamawas, Taji's student who kidnaps Princess Meng Li Hua. (His name is derived from the word mawas or 'ape', an allusion to Hanuman.)
The village people
Rahim Razali as Kesum, a Malay medicine man who knew Merong since he was young.
Ummi Nazeera as Embok, a nurse and also Merong's lover.
Other characters
Hafizuddin Fadzil as Sultan Mudzafar Shah or Phra Ong Mahawangsa, the narrator of the story.
Mano Maniam as the local Goan dealer.
Ravi Sunderlingam as Sunder, the Goan warrior.
Deborah Priya Henry as Yasodharā, the wife of Siddhārtha Gautama.
Jehan Miskin as Embi, the Malay warrior.
Umie Aida as Lang, Merong Mahawangsa's mother as seen from a flashback
Maya Karin as Goan Villager
Production
Music
The film's music score was initially composed by Reza Ramsey and Yudi Ashady before they undergo re-arrangements to be played by the Malaysian Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of Claus Peter Flor.
Anuar Zain sings the theme song for the film, titled "Sedetik Lebih", which was composed by Edry Abdul Halim.
Release
The first official trailer was released in October 2010. The production was completed several months later. KRU Studios later announced that the film would be screened in the cinemas on 11 March 2011.
This film was shown for the first time during a royal audience with the Sultan of Kedah, Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah and his family on 25 February 2011 prior to a nationwide release in March of the same year. A 30-minute making-of programme was broadcast on Malaysian TV station TV3 as part of the promotion, showing various elements of the production behind the scenes and also exclusive interviews with the cast and the crew.
The film was later made available in the on-demand service Astro First on 21 April 2011. The DVD was also released on the same day. It was eventually released on the Blu-ray format in the United Kingdom on 23 May, becoming the first Malaysian made feature film to do so.
After its release in Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei; the United Kingdom was the next country to screen the film. The film was released there under the title Clash of Empires: Battle for Asia.
Home media
Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa was released in the DVD format on 21 April 2011 in Malaysia. In the United Kingdom, the film has been released on Blu-ray and DVD under the title Clash of Empires: Battle for Asia on 23 May 2011. Its British release makes it the second Malaysian film to be released on Blu-ray after Ice Kacang Puppy Love which was released in Hong Kong.
Reception
Box office
Following its Malaysian release, the film grossed MYR 6.3 million at the box-office (only in Malaysia) by the end of March 2011, making the film the most successful local epic film.
References
External links
The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines at the Internet Movie Database
2011 films
Malay-language films
2010s action adventure films
KRU Studios films
English-language Malaysian films
Chinese-language Malaysian films
Films set in the 16th century
Historical epic films
2010s historical films
Malaysian action films
Malaysian historical films
History of Malaysia on film
Box Recreation Area is a 320-acre rugged area that is popular for technical rock climbing and bouldering due to its rugged terrain. It is located in New Mexico and consists of a box canyon with five cliffs on each side. Only those who are proficient at rock climbing are advised to attempt the challenges posed by this area. It is under the supervision of the Bureau of Land Management.
Located about an hour's drive from Albuquerque, Box Canyon is composed of rhyolite rock, smooth in some place but also sharp with pockets in others.
References
External links
Gila Lower Box Canyon
Canyons and gorges of New Mexico
Bureau of Land Management areas in New Mexico
Climbing areas of New Mexico
Landforms of Socorro County, New Mexico
Protected areas of Socorro County, New Mexico
Giuseppe Mattli (1907–1982), usually known as Mattli or Jo Mattli, was a Swiss-born and London-based fashion designer known for his couture designs and, later, his ready-to-wear clothing and couture patterns.
A member of the Incorporated Society of London Fashion Designers (IncSoc) – making him a key player in shaping London's post-war couture industry – he was characterised by British Vogue in March 1953 as a go-to designer woman could trust: "Mattli's clothes have charming wearable qualities...One feels he cares more about dressing women than putting over fashion themes, good though his are."
Early life and career
Giuseppe Gustavo Mattli was born in Locarno, Switzerland and grew up in the Italian-speaking southern city of Lugano as one of a family of 14 children (12 of them were girls). Mattli's career began as an apprentice to an oil company in Switzerland, but he moved to England in 1926 to learn English and acquire tailoring skills. He continued his training in Paris, working at the fashion house of Premet, returning to London to open his own couture house in 1934. Within four years he was showing in Paris, but the outbreak of war meant a return to London.
Mattli's first wife Olga, whom he married sometime before 1934, was one of his models and also designed hats for some of his gowns. His French-born second wife Claude, whom he married in 1947, had worked as a model for Ardanse, Desses and Jean Patou before moving to London and working for the Free French. An article in the Sydney Morning Herald on the women behind London's top designers, described her as 'director-vendeuse' (head of sales) and occasional model for evening gowns – also noting that the "beautiful" Claude was a keen housewife but Jo Mattli was the chef in their flat in Kensington.
Couture house
Mattli was among the earliest members of IncSoc and, in common with other major London couturiers, was involved in promoting British fashion designed around utility principles during and immediately after the war. Once the strictures of rationing were relaxed, IncSoc set out to promote its role, and that of British couture as a rival to Paris. One of Mattli's outfits – an elegant silk cocktail gown – was included in the fashion show sequence in the popular 1949 comedy Maytime in Mayfair. He shared premises in Knightsbridge with fellow IncSoc member Charles Creed after the war.
London couturiers were kept busy creating gowns for debutantes and society matrons in the run up to the 1953 coronation of Queen Elizabeth and Mattli was among the so-called "big ten" designers photographed for lavish feature in Life. As Vogue highlighted, Mattli was perhaps more at home creating practical and wearable fashion focusing on understated fine detailing. His autumn 1952 collection – singled out by one fashion commentator as one of the best of the season – included traditional Donegal tweed coats and slimline afternoon and cocktail dreses in bouclé wool, silk jersey and lace.
Ready-to-wear fashion
In 1955, the company Mattli worked with went into liquidation, signalling his move away from couture and into ready-to-wear clothing. Unlike many of the other IncSoc members, Mattli's name remained familiar throughout the 1960s and early '70s, not only on ready-to-wear clothing but also the burgeoning sewing pattern market – the signature 'Jo Mattli' appeared on many patterns for Vogue'''s couturier series and he told The Guardian that the royalties from these patterns had helped support his couture business. He was also an expert contributor to the 1967 BBC sewing series Clothes that Count, helping to customise a shirtwaister pattern for a keen sewer who appeared on the programme and also contributing to the Radio Times features that accompanied the series.
By 1973, Mattli was running a 'Continental boutique' on the premises where his couture house had once stood. Retaining a small number of workroom staff for alterations, he was presenting collections selected from Swiss, Italian and French houses, including designers such as Nina Ricci. He described this move into ready-to-wear as meeting the needs of modern women, who wanted fashion immediately that could be changed frequently: "I have come to the conclusion that couture has now outlived its purpose". Mattli's name as a London couturier still carried weight and he collaborated with the designer Christopher McDonnell in 1980 for an autumn collection – Christopher McDonnell for Mattli.
Mattli retired to the village of Curridge, Berkshire, where he died in 1982.
Legacy
There are examples of Mattli's work in the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Fashion Museum, Bath has an archive of press books and sketches, as well as a small number of garments. He is the subject of a thesis entitled Famous, Forgotten. Found: rediscovering the career of London couture fashion designer Giuseppe (Jo) Mattli, 1934-1980'' by textile conservationist Dr Caroline Ness. University of Glasgow has been working with the Fashion Museum, Bath to create a catalogue and database to provide researchers with access to material about Mattli's 30-year-plus involvement with the British high fashion industry.
References
External links
Clothes that Count, featuring Mattli
1907 births
1982 deaths
Swiss fashion designers
Swiss emigrants to the United Kingdom
1930s fashion
1940s fashion
1950s fashion
1960s fashion
1970s fashion
People from Locarno
Claudia Brassard-Riebesehl (born 3 March 1975 in Kuala Lumpur) is a Malaysian-born Canadian former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1975 births
Living people
Canadian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Canada
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Malaysian emigrants to Canada
Sportspeople from Kuala Lumpur
Avery Edwin Field (1883 – October 31, 1955) was a photographer known for his work in commercial photography and portraiture in Riverside, California, including extensive work in association with the Mission Inn.
Early life
Field was born in Sparta, Michigan, where he began pursuing photography as a hobby as a teenager. He graduated from the Illinois College of Photography in 1906, and worked as a photographer in Michigan and Chicago. He married artist Charlotte Shepard in 1909, and the couple relocated to Riverside, California in 1909–1910. The move to Riverside was encouraged by Field's cousin Gaylor Rouse, who owned Rouse's Department Store in Riverside and introduced Field to Frank Augustus Miller, owner of the Mission Inn.
Career
In 1911, Avery and Charlotte Field opened the Photocraft Shop, a commercial photography studio in downtown Riverside's Loring Building. The studio specialized in portraiture, as well as use of the Cirkut camera for panoramic photography. Field performed photographic work for the University of California Citrus Experiment Station during this time.
In 1931, Frank Augustus Miller provided Field with studio space in the Mission Inn, on the third floor of the hotel's rotunda. Field worked there until his retirement in 1952, photographing the Mission Inn extensively. Field's son Gaylor took over the business upon his father's retirement. Field died in Riverside on October 31, 1955.
References
External links
Avery E. Field photographs (digitized images), Calisphere.
20th-century American photographers
People from Riverside, California
People from Sparta, Michigan
1883 births
1955 deaths
History of Riverside, California
Clinical Medicine Insights: Oncology is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on clinical applications of oncology. The journal was founded in 2007, and was originally published by Libertas Academica, but SAGE Publications became the publisher in September 2016. The editor-in-chief is William Chi-shing Cho.
Indexing
The journal is indexed in
Emerging Sources Citation Index
PubMed/PubMed Central
Scopus
Selected EBSCO & Gale databases
References
External links
Oncology journals
Publications established in 2007
English-language journals
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Open access journals
Traits is an album by American jazz musician Joe Morris, which was recorded in 2010 and released on his own Riti label. It was the second recording by his group Wildlife, expanded to a quartet consisting of the trio with whom he recorded the eponymous debut album, with the addition of alto saxophonist Jim Hobbs.
Reception
In his review for AllMusic, Phil Freeman states "The melodies have an Ayler-esque flavor, particularly when Jim Hobbs is crying and murmuring to himself; Cancura is an even more forceful, blustery player, not ceding an inch to his new partner."
In a review for Down Beat Bill Meyer notes that "the addition of Jim Hobbs has pushed the combo to play with greater intensity, particularly when both horn players simultaneously essay independent, expressionist lines."
Track listing
All compositions by Morris / Gray / Cancura / Hobbs
"Howlin'" – 9:24
"Tracking" – 13:02
"Coloration" – 6:53
"Game" – 12:33
"Display" – 10:10
"Territorial" – 14:00
Personnel
Joe Morris - bass
Luther Gray – drums
Petr Cancura – tenor sax
Jim Hobbs – alto sax
References
2011 albums
Joe Morris (guitarist) albums
Ian Hicks may refer to:
Ian Hicks, electronic musician (fl.1980-1987) in Portion Control (band)
Birth name of Baron Mordant, see Skull Disco
David Moiseevich Khorol () (February 4, 1920 — February 19, 1990) was Soviet Jewish mathematician and aviation and rocket designer, professor, doktor of technical sciences. His last position was deputy general director of the Central Design Bureau "Geophysics" (ЦКБ «Геофизика»), known for its rocket design.
Awards
For his works on design in the area of military technology David Khorol was awarded multiple state awards, including Order of Lenin (twice), Stalin Prize, Lenin Prize, USSR State Prize, title Hero of Socialist Labor.
References
1920 births
1990 deaths
Soviet mathematicians
Soviet engineers
Heroes of Socialist Labour
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
The San Mateo County Libraries (SMCL), formerly San Mateo County Library, is a public library system and Joint Powers Authority headquartered in San Mateo, California. Its motto is "Open for Exploration".
It is a member of the Peninsula Library System.
Locations
The following locations are a part of the system:
The bookmobile service travels around the county to various locations like schools, post offices, and even the Hiller Aviation Museum.
References
External links
Libraries in San Mateo County, California
County library systems in California
Chali Cheemalu () is a 1978 Telugu film directed by Devadas Kanakala. Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao, elder of the Paruchuri Brothers entered the Telugu cinema field as writer. Novel of Mandha Venkata Ramana Rao was developed into a full-length movie by their writing skills. Nutan Prasad's catch phrase Notokka jillaala andagaadni became popular among the Telugu audience. The film won two Nandi Awards.
Cast
Nutan Prasad
Rallapalli
Soundtrack
Bhoomi Poye (Lyrics: Rallapalli; Singer: Rallapalli)
Awards
Nandi Awards - 1978
Second Best Feature Film - Silver - J. Venkatarya.
Best Story Writer - Mandha Venkataramana Rao
Legacy
Nutan Prasad's catchphrase "Nootokka jillalaku andagadni" () became popular among the Telugu audience. The phrase was adapted as a title for the film Nootokka Jillala Andagadu (2021)
References
1978 films
1970s Telugu-language films
Rio de Los Angeles State Park is a California State Park along the Los Angeles River north of downtown Los Angeles in the neighborhood of Glassell Park, Los Angeles. The park includes restored wetlands featuring native plants as well as sports fields, a children's playground and a recreation building. Rio de Los Angeles State Park is currently managed in partnership with the City of Los Angeles Department of Parks and Recreation.
History
The park was built on Taylor Yard, an abandoned freight-switching facility used by the Union Pacific and later the Southern Pacific railroads from the 1920s until 1985. Wildlife slowly began re-inhabiting the area and in the early-2000s an effort was begun to transform the abandoned brownfield land into a recreation area. The property was eventually purchased by the City of Los Angeles and demolition of the abandoned train terminals begin. The rail-lines connecting the Taylor Yard to the Union Pacific Railroad were torn out, the corroding train terminals where trains once loaded and unloaded tons of freight were demolished, and the concrete on the ground was removed by hand. Toxic waste left over from the work done at the Taylor Yard had to be systematically removed and treated before it would be deemed safe for public use by the city. After months of demolition and work done by conservationist groups, Rio de Los Angeles State Park was opened on April 21, 2007. It is located at 1900 San Fernando Road.
Wildlife and vegetation
Flora
The vast majority of the area consisting of the former Taylor Yard has now become overgrown and covered in thick brush consisting mainly of deergrass (Muhlenbergia rigens), greasewood (Adenostoma fasciculatum), desert lavender (Hyptis emoryi), manzanita, desert fan palm (Washingtonia filifera), scrub oak (Quercus berberidifolia), California poppy, and various other species of plants.
Fauna
The park is inhabited by a thriving population of coyote, gray fox, raccoon, striped skunk, Virginia opossum (introduced), desert cottontail, brush rabbit, California ground squirrel, woodrat, Botta's pocket gopher, various species of mice, as well as the highly invasive brown rat. The park also hosts a variety of reptilian and amphibian species which include California kingsnake, Pacific rattlesnake, gopher snake, two-striped garter snake, bullfrog (introduced), western fence lizard, common side-blotched lizard, common mudpuppy (introduced), as well as the endangered western pond turtle.
Over 150 different bird species have been reported along the Los Angeles River, including, great egret, great blue heron, snowy egret, black-crowned night heron, red-tailed hawk, prairie falcon, osprey, northern mockingbird, western bluebird, common raven, American crow, double-crested cormorant, Canada goose, mallard, gadwall, Muscovy duck (introduced), horned grebe, red-necked grebe, black-necked grebe, pied-billed grebe, American coot, cinnamon teal, western gull, mourning dove, killdeer, etc.
The Los Angeles River has become a fisherman's hotspot that has gained a reputation for having an abundance of common carp, largemouth bass, Nile tilapia, black bullhead, green sunfish, common pleco, Pacific lamprey, bluegill, fathead minnow, crayfish, mosquito fish, and quagga mussel. In early-2015 an attempt was made by conservationists to reintroduce the native steelhead trout to the Los Angeles River alongside the Rio de Los Angeles State Park. The effort turned out to be a huge failure after nearly all the juvenile trout ended up getting eaten by the already existing fish population.
References
External links
Rio de Los Angeles State Park - official site
Rio de Los Angeles State Park: General Plan
Taylor Yard at the River Project
KCET Departures on Rio de Los Angeles State Park slideshow with captions
State parks of California
Parks in Los Angeles
Cypress Park, Los Angeles
Glassell Park, Los Angeles
Los Angeles River
Nature reserves in California
2007 establishments in California
Protected areas established in 2007
Neaspilota punctistigma is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Neaspilota of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
United States.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1934
Diptera of North America
Gümüşkavak, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
One Wild Life: Spirit is a studio album by Gungor. Hither & Yon Records released the album on March 25, 2016.
Critical reception
Awarding the album ten out of ten by Cross Rhythms, Lins Honeyman writes, the album "showcases the duo's ability to bravely say things that rarely get said in songs – tackling extremism from all walks of religion bolstered by a plea to God for it to end – and crowns the latest in a long line of groundbreaking Gungor creations." Madeleine Dittmer, rating the album five stars at The Christian Beat, states, "Spirit conveys important messages in each song while simultaneously offering creative, beautiful music...Each track could stand alone as a work worthy of praise, but as a whole, Spirit is beautiful, convicting music."
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2016 albums
Gungor albums
Gabriele Albertini (born 6 July 1950 in Milan) is an Italian politician.
Biography
In 1974 he Graduated in Law from the University of Milan. He was the Manager of Albertini Cesare Spa, a company working in the aluminium pressure die casting sector, from 1974 to 1997. In 1987 he became a delegate for small business on the executive board of Federmeccanica (the Italian Mechanical Engineers' Trade Union Federation) and in 1996 he became its Chairman (until 1997).
In 1997 he was elected Mayor of Milan, with the support of the centre-right coalition, and held office until 2006.
In the 2004 European election and in the subsequent 2009 EP election he was elected MEP. He was a member of the European People's Party's group, and sat on the European Parliament's Committee on Transport and Tourism. He was also a delegate on the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, Vice-Chair of the Delegation for Relations at NATO's Parliamentary Assembly and a member of the EU's Delegation for Relations with the United States.
In 2013 he ran for President of the Lombardy region, supported by a centrist coalition, but he got only the 4.12% of the vote. In the same year he was elected Senator on the Civic Choice list.
Decorations
Order of Friendship of the Russian Federation
Grand Cordon of the Order of Independence of the Kingdom of Jordan
Officer of the Legion of Honour of the French Republic
Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit
Grand Officer of the Order of Merit of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Grand Officer of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Silver Cross of Merit of the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem
Grand Officer of the Order pro Merito Melitensi of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta
Commander of Merit of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George
Honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire
Grand Officer of the Order of Prince Henry (31 January 2005)
Electoral history
See also
2009 European Parliament election in Italy
References
External links
www.parlamento17.openpolis.it
1950 births
Civic Choice politicians
Forza Italia MEPs
Grand Cordons of the Order of Independence (Jordan)
Grand Officers of the Order of Merit of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Grand Officers of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Honorary Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Living people
Mayors of Milan
Members of the Senate of the Republic (Italy)
MEPs for Italy 2009–2014
MEPs for Italy 2004–2009
21st-century Italian politicians
New Centre-Right politicians
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
The People of Freedom MEPs
University of Milan alumni
Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
Benjamin Grosvenor D.D. (also Gravenor or Gravener; 1676–1758) was an English dissenting minister.
Life
He was born in London on 1 January 1676; his father, Charles Gravener, a prosperous upholsterer, at the Black Swan, Watling Street, became financially straitened in later life, and was supported by his son, who altered the spelling of his name (in 1710) to Gravenor, and then to Grosvenor (first used 1712, but not finally adopted till 1716). He was early impressed by a sermon at Gravel Lane, Southwark; baptised at 14 by Benjamin Keach, he was admitted to his Particular Baptist congregation in Goat Yard Passage, Horselydown. Keach then encouraged him to enter the ministry.
In 1693 Gravener was placed at Attercliffe Academy under Timothy Jollie; while there, Grosvenor became a presbyterian, particularly as regards ordination. Returning to London in 1695 he studied under private tutors, and learned Hebrew from Cappel, a Huguenot refugee. He was at length dismissed from membership of his Baptist church. In 1699 he was examined and licensed by seven presbyterian ministers, including Robert Fleming the younger, and became assistant to Joshua Oldfield., at Globe Alley, Maid Lane, Southwark. In 1700 he was a candidate for the succession to Matthew Mead, in the Independent congregation at Stepney, but his excommunication by the Baptists may have affected his chances.
In 1702 a Sunday evening lecture for young men was started at the Old Jewry meeting-house, Gravener and Samuel Rosewell being appointed lecturers. His popularity as a preacher increased, and on the death of Samuel Slater (24 May 1704) he was chosen pastor of the presbyterian congregation in Crosby Square. Here he was ordained on 11 July 1704. His congregation grew in importance, and was successful in raising funds. His assistants included (1705–8) Samuel Wright; (1708–14) John Barker; (1715–26) Clerk Oldisworth, and lastly (1726–49) Edmund Calamy IV.
Grosvenor resigned the Old Jewry lectureship soon after his appointment at Crosby Square. He was for some years one of the preachers of the Friday evening lecture at the Weigh House, begun (1707) by Thomas Bradbury In 1716 he succeeded Robert Fleming as a preacher of the "merchants' lecture" on Tuesday mornings at Salters' Hall.
In 1723 Grosvenor was elected a trustee of Dr. Williams's foundations. An operation for the removal of the uvula in 1726 somewhat affected his pronunciation. On 29 May 1730 the university of Edinburgh made him D.D. At Salters' Hall he lectured against popery in 1735, taking persecution as his theme; and he was active in the Old Whig, run 1735–8 by Benjamin Avery. In 1749 he resigned his congregation and his lectureship.
Grosvenor's religious position was one of mutual toleration; in his own theology he remained a moderate Calvinist. He died on 27 August 1758, and was buried in Bunhill Fields; his funeral sermon was preached by John Barker. He left a bequest to the Presbyterian Fund, and his library to Warrington Academy.
Works
In 1716 Grosvenor was concerned in the periodic issue of the Occasional Papers, known also as the "Bagweell" papers; the first on "Bigotry" was by Grosvenor. This serial continued till 1719, and was influential on the subject of religious liberty, and with the non-subscribing majority at Salters' Hall in 1719. Only one of the eight members of the "Bagweell" fraternity, Jabez Earle, was a subscriber there, another, Joshua Bayes, remaining neutral. Grosvenor is said to have drawn up the Authentick Account (1719) of the Salters' Hall proceedings, the first of the many pamphlets issued by the non-subscribing ministers, with a list of names.
Of Grosvenor's other publications, Walter Wilson enumerated 27, most of them single sermons, including funeral sermons. Among them were:
A Confession of Faith, 1704 (at his ordination).
The Temper of Jesus, 1712, (sermon on Luke xxiv. 47).
Observations on Sudden Death, 1720.
The Mourner, 1731,; 18th edition, 1804.
Health, an Essay on its Nature, 1716, 2nd edition, 1748.
His Sermons, now first collected in a volume (1809) were edited by John Davies, with preface by David Bogue.
Family
By his first marriage (1703) to Mary (died November 1707), daughter of Captain Henry South of Bethnal Green, a lady with a fortune, Grosvenor had a son, Benjamin South Grosvenor, who died many years before his father, and a daughter, who died in infancy. By his second marriage (1712) to Elizabeth Prince he had four sons; only the youngest survived him.
Notes
Attribution
1676 births
1758 deaths
English Presbyterians
English writers
Burials at Bunhill Fields
TACV Flight 5002 was a flight operated by TACV that crashed on 7 August 1999. Due to technical difficulties, the aircraft normally serving the route from São Pedro Airport on the island of São Vicente, Cape Verde to Agostinho Neto Airport on the island of Santo Antão, a de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter, was replaced with a Cape Verde Coast Guard Dornier 228 (registration D4-CBC).
The aircraft took off from São Pedro at 11:42 for the short flight to Agostinho Neto. Thirteen minutes after takeoff, rain and fog covered Santo Antão and placed the arrival airport below VFR minimums. The pilots made the decision to return to São Vicente at 11:56. The aircraft overflew the island of Santo Antão at 12:02, but crashed into the wooded mountainside at an altitude of . The aircraft burst into flames, killing all 18 passengers and crew on board.
References
Aviation Safety
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1999
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Aviation accidents and incidents in Cape Verde
Accidents and incidents involving the Dornier 228
August 1999 events in Africa
1999 in Cape Verde
Polyinosinic:polycytidylic acid (usually abbreviated poly I:C or poly(I:C)) is an immunostimulant. It is used in the form of its sodium salt to simulate viral infections.
Poly I:C is known to interact with toll-like receptor 3 (TLR3), which is expressed at the endosomal membrane of B-cells, macrophages and dendritic cells. Poly I:C is structurally similar to double-stranded RNA, which is present in some viruses and is a "natural" stimulant of TLR3. Thus, Poly I:C can be considered a synthetic analog of double-stranded RNA and is a common tool for scientific research on the immune system.
Chemistry
Poly I:C is a mismatched double-stranded RNA with one strand being a polymer of inosinic acid, the other a polymer of cytidylic acid.
Variants
Optimization of physicochemical properties of poly I:C has led to generation of derivatives that have increased stability in body fluids (such as polyICLC), or reduced toxicity through reduced stability in body fluids (such as poly I:C12U).
References
Immunostimulants
TLR3 agonist
Arjun Chidambaram is an Indian actor, who has appeared in Tamil language films. He made his debut as an actor in Moone Moonu Varthai (2015). He made a breakthrough appearing in Nerkonda Paarvai (2019). He has since appeared in leading and supporting roles in films.
Career
Arjun is a theatre artist who acts in plays. Arjun himself wrote plays such as First Day, First Show. Arjun worked with the Evam and Stray Factory. He got the opportunity as the protagonist of S. P. B. Charan's production, Moone Moonu Varthai. In 2017, he signed onto Rum where he played a deaf and mute hacker.
Arjun got his break through role as Adhik in H. Vinoth's Nerkonda Paarvai alongside Ajith Kumar. He played the antagonist of the film who attempts to abuse a woman and takes revenge once she refused. Arjun took the role as it will set an example of how men should not be and the film opens up discussion about sexual violence and consent. Arjun has been officially cast in Mani Ratnam's Ponniyin Selvan.
Filmography
Films
Web Series
Short Films
Dubbing artist
References
External links
Living people
Indian Tamil people
Actors from Tamil Nadu
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Actors in Tamil theatre
21st-century Indian male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Gregory Shantha Kumar Francis (B.Th., PGDip.P&CC), was an Anglican Bishop of Kurunegala, Sri Lanka.
Gregory Shantha Kumar Francis was born in 1955 in the village of Polgahawela, Sri Lanka. He is an upcountry Tamil, and fluent in Sinhala, English and Tamil.
Francis was appointed as deacon in 1978, receiving his Bachelor of Theology from the University of Serampore the same year. In 1980 he obtained a postgraduate diploma in pastoral and clinical counselling from Nawa Jeewana Institute of Psychology, Colombo and was ordained as a priest in the Church of Ceylon. He was the chaplain at Hillwood College, Kandy (1993–2000), Trinity College, Kandy (2001–2004). Francis also obtained a higher diploma in comprehensive drug abuse prevention and counselling from the Anti Narcotic Association of Sri Lanka.
On 7 November 2010 Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury, appointed Francis as the fifth Bishop of Kurunegala in the Church of Ceylon, succeeding retired Bishop Kumara Illangasinghe.
In 2012, Francis was nominated by the International Counter Narcotic Association to be a consultant on rehabilitation and counselling.
On 6 January 2015 the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, announced that Francis had resigned as Bishop of Kurunegala. In a statement by Francis he advised that he had been threatened by Tamil diaspora groups opposing his stand for a unitary state and the sovereignty of the country.
Francis is married to Priyadharshin and has two sons, Prabath and Pramith.
References
External links
The Church of Ceylon (Anglican Communion)
Anglican Church of Ceylon News
Worship Resources including a Prayer for Sri Lanka written by Metropolitan Lakdasa de Mel
20th-century Anglican bishops in Asia
Sri Lankan Anglican bishops
Sri Lankan educational theorists
Sri Lankan chaplains
Anglican chaplains
Sri Lankan Tamil priests
Anglican bishops of Kurunegala
1955 births
Living people
Tzuriel () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The moshav was established in 1949 on land which had belonged to the depopulated Palestinian village of Suhmata.
The founders were Yemenite Jews from the town of Beit 'Adaqah, led by spiritual leader Rabbi Shalom Nehorai HaLevi. It was named for the biblical figure Zuriel, son of Abihail (Num 3:35).
After a number of years the founders left and a group of Moroccan immigrants moved in.
References
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1950
Populated places in Northern District (Israel)
1950 establishments in Israel
Yemeni-Jewish culture in Israel
Moroccan-Jewish culture in Israel
The 1978 Wightman Cup was the 50th edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London in England in the United Kingdom. This was the final time the Great Britain team won the competition prior to its discontinuation following the 1989 edition.
References
Wightman Cups by year
Wightman Cup, 1978
Wightman Cup, 1978
Wightman Cup, 1978
Wightman Cup, 1978
Wightman Cup, 1978
Wightman Cup
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1965 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Västra Götaland
Östra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
Footnotes
References
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
The Ozmer House is a historic house on the Southern Arkansas University farm on the north side of Magnolia, Arkansas. It is a single-story dogtrot house that was built in 1883 and moved to its present location by the school. It was originally located about two miles northeast of Magnolia's courthouse square, and is now located northeast of the main farm complex, adjacent to a small pond. The dogtrot is extremely well-preserved, both in its interior and exterior features.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1883
Houses in Columbia County, Arkansas
Southern Arkansas University
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, Arkansas
1883 establishments in Arkansas
Dogtrot architecture in Arkansas
Relocated buildings and structures in Arkansas
The Electoral district of North Eastern Boroughs was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council at a time when some of its members were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor. It was a new electorate created in 1851 by the expansion of the Legislative Council to 54, 18 to be appointed and 36 elected. The district consisted of the towns of Newcastle, Stockton and Raymond Terrace that had previously been part of Northumberland Boroughs.
In 1856 the unicameral Legislative Council was abolished and replaced with an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The district was represented by the Legislative Assembly electorate of North Eastern Boroughs.
Members
Edward Flood went on to represent North Eastern Boroughs in the Legislative Assembly from 1856.
Election results
1851
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales Legislative Council
1851 establishments in Australia
1856 disestablishments in Australia
Early general elections were held in Jordan on 23 January 2013. Voter turnout was reported to be 56.6%.
Electoral system
Prior to the elections a new electoral law was passed, allowing voters to cast two ballots; one for a candidate in their constituency and one for party lists elected by proportional representation at the national level. In addition, the number of seats reserved for candidates of political parties was raised from 17 to 27 out of the 150 seats in the House of Representatives. Fifteen seats were reserved for women, whilst the remaining 108 seats were elected by first-past-the-post system in constituencies. A new Independent Election Commission was also created.
Around 70% of eligible voters were reported to have registered to vote. Although over two-thirds of the population lived in urban areas at the time of the election, cities were allocated less than one-third of seats in the House of Representatives.
Campaign
In July 2012, the Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated Islamic Action Front announced that the party would boycott the elections, stating that the changes to the electoral law increasing the number of seats for political parties did not go far enough and that the constituency system favoured tribal candidates. Opposition parties had demanded that 50% of seats be reserved for parties rather than the 18% provided for.
A total of 1,400 candidates registered to contest the elections, of which 22 were described as Islamists.
Conduct
The Islamist opposition complained that the elections had been marred by fraud, claiming that turnout had been artificially inflated during the last two hours of voting. The voting period had been extended by an hour to 20:00.
The National Democratic Institute for International Affairs (NDI) reported that there had been a "marked improvement in procedures and administration", but also noted shortcomings and irregularities. The NDI also criticised unequal constituency sizes, claiming that they increased tribal cleavages.
Results
Aftermath
Following the elections Interim Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour was appointed to the post on a permanent basis, with King Abdullah consulting Parliament on membership of the cabinet for the first time. With 19 members, the new cabinet was the smallest in four decades.
References
Elections in Jordan
2013 in Jordan
Jordan
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
January 2013 events in Asia
"You Know What I Like" is a song by R&B singer El DeBarge featuring Chanté Moore issued as a single in 1992 on Warner Bros. Records. The single peaked at No. 14 on the Billboard Hot R&B Singles chart.
Overview
"You Know What I Like" was composed by El DeBarge and produced by Maurice White. Singer Chanté Moore also made her debut as a recording artist on the song.
Samples
"You Know What I Like" was sampled by hip hop artist Warren G on the track "Keepin' It Strong" off his 2001 album The Return of the Regulator.
Appearances in other media
El DeBarge and Chante Moore also performed You Know What I Like on an episode of Soul Train.
References
1992 singles
1992 songs
American contemporary R&B songs
Song recordings produced by Maurice White
Warner Records singles
Journal of Hypertension is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins that was established in 1982. It is the official journal of the International Society of Hypertension and the European Society of Hypertension. The journal is published monthly and includes primary papers, reviews, special reports, and letters.
Since 2021, the editor-in-chief is Anthony M. Heagerty (Manchester, United Kingdom). From 2018 to 2021, the EIC was Giuseppe Mancia. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 4.844.
References
External links
International Society of Hypertension
European Society of Hypertension
Publications established in 1982
English-language journals
Monthly journals
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins academic journals
Hypertension journals
Mount Golub is a prominent mountain summit located in the Chilkat Range of the Saint Elias Mountains, in the U.S. state of Alaska. This peak is situated northwest of Juneau, and west of Lynn Canal, on land managed by Tongass National Forest. Although modest in elevation, relief is significant since Mount Golub rises above tidewater in less than two miles. The mountain's name was officially adopted in 1972 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names to commemorate Harvey Golub (1930–1971), member of the 1968 first ascent party. Other members of the party were Richard Folta, Delbert Carnes, and Keith Hart. Hart submitted the name for consideration following the September 4, 1971, untimely death of Harvey Golub who perished in the Alaska Airlines Flight 1866 disaster. That flight, which took all 111 lives aboard, crashed in a canyon approximately seven miles south of his namesake mountain.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Golub has a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and cool summers. Weather systems coming off the Gulf of Alaska are forced upwards by the Saint Elias Mountains (orographic lift), causing heavy precipitation in the form of rainfall and snowfall. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. The month of July offers the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing Mount Golub.
See also
List of mountain peaks of Alaska
Geography of Alaska
References
Gallery
External links
Mount Golub: weather forecast
Flickr photo: Mt. Golub and whale
Golub
Golub
Golub
Golub
Elections were held in the Australian state of Victoria on Saturday 18 June 1949 to elect 17 of the 34 members of the state's Legislative Council for six year terms. MLCs were elected in single-member provinces using preferential voting.
Results
Legislative Council
|}
Retiring Members
Sir George Goudie (Country, North Western) had died prior to the election; no by-election was held.
Labor
Percy Clarey MLC (Doutta Galla)
Liberal and Country
Alfred Pittard MLC (Ballarat)
Candidates
Sitting members are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
See also
1950 Victorian state election
References
1949 elections in Australia
Elections in Victoria (Australia)
Results of Victorian state elections
1940s in Victoria (Australia)
June 1949 events in Australia
The Real Geeks (however referred to as TRG Magazine) is a "geek culture" online magazine website with biweekly coverage of news and reviews in sections such as technology, music, entertainment, travel, and more, released in issues published every other Friday. The Real Geeks website was launched on January 10, 2011 by Ian Webb and Sam Linville, however the website has grown to have a full, operational staff.
History
Founder Ian Webb began developing The Real Geeks in October 2010. During the week of January 3, 2011, Webb finalized plans for The Real Geeks and version 1 of the site was officially launched on January 10. Due to the immediate heightened popularity and the multiple elements of The Real Geeks, the TRG Executive Team founded a parent company for The Real Geeks which they entitled TRG Media (the name reflects TRG, the flagship website). TRG Media also manages other online identities for other projects. After the closure of TRG Techcasts, TRG Media was officially dissolved in April 2012 and the company is now only The Real Geeks.
In November 2012, The Real Geeks went under a major renovation with an entirely new design on the website, corporate attitude, and style of writing. The renovation was met with positive feedback from users and the website continuously updates with new features and improvements.
In November 2013, the website was taken offline and a new direction of content was teased. The website relaunched on February 10, 2014 for a soft opening with a new design and the new "culture-based" content focus. The website was met with positive reviews from readers and other critics. However, the publication was taken offline once again, and was officially relaunched with the new issue format and a custom design on the Kirby CMS.
Consumer Electronics Show
The Real Geeks was invited to attend the 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada as members of the press. Current editor-in-chief, Ian Webb, and current CIO, Russ Webb, attended the show as representatives of TRG.
Due to the coverage put out by TRG during CES 2012, the website has grown in popularity due to mentions on the websites of several large corporations including Schlage, OtterBox, Zagg, and more. The website also gained ground on social networks due to the continuous coverage via Twitter, Facebook, and the TRG website.
The Real Geeks team attended the show again in 2013 with Southwest Airlines as the primary sponsor of coverage. The Real Geeks had exclusive content from several major corporations including Sony, Huawei, OtterBox, etc.
The team was invited to attend again in 2014, however due to the impending launch of the new website, they declined to attend.
Editors
Other Projects
TRG Techcasts
On February 22, 2012, editor-in-chief Ian Webb announced that The Real Geeks would be introducing their own podcast network (entitled TRG Techcasts) containing five shows. The network was on-air for 3 weeks, when on March 16, The Real Geeks announced that the network was to be put on hiatus indefinitely.
The original five shows to the network were: AppFeast -hosted by Andrew Kunesh and Rebecca Teigh, Innovation Station -hosted by Rey Shaw, Sixty Second Tech -hosted by Russ Webb, TRG Week in Review -hosted by Ian Webb, and Within the Aperture -hosted by Hunter McLean.
Editor-in-chief Ian Webb made an announcement via his personal Twitter account on April 10, 2012 that The Real Geeks will be starting back up the TRG Techcasts network, and the network is looking for new hosts.
At the end of April 2012, Webb announced that the TRG Techcasts project had been shut down to focus on other aspects of the website.
References
External links
The Real Geeks
American news websites
Internet properties established in 2011
Emir Zeba (born 10 June 1989) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian retired football player who played as a midfielder.
Club career
Zeba joined second tier-Olimpik from Metalleghe-BSI in summer 2017.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sarajevo
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
FK Famos Hrasnica players
FK Slavija Sarajevo players
SK Dynamo České Budějovice players
1. SC Znojmo players
NK Metalleghe-BSI players
FK Olimpik players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Czech First League players
First League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Antaeus Limassol was a Cypriot football club based in Limassol. The club was founded at 1943 as AMOL and change its name at 1951 to Antaeus. Between 1948 and 1953 was a member of Cyprus Amateur Football Federation. In 1953 joined Cyprus Football Association. Antaeus played to Second Division from 1953 to 1957. Then the club dissolved football team. At 1963 the club was merged with Panellinios Limassol to form EPAL.
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1963
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1943
1943 establishments in Cyprus
1963 disestablishments in Cyprus
Alan Lybrooks Henderson (born December 2, 1972) is an American former professional basketball player of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He stands 6'9" (2.06 m) tall. Born in Morgantown, West Virginia, Henderson attended Brebeuf Jesuit Preparatory School in Indianapolis, Indiana. They lost the state championship game his senior year to Glenn Robinson's Gary Roosevelt squad. In 1994, he was a part of the US men's basketball team for the Goodwill Games.
College career
While at Indiana University, Henderson led the team in rebounding all four years. Currently, he is the only Indiana University player to rank in the school's top five in scoring, rebounding, blocked shots and steals, and appeared in the Final Four in 1992. His 23.5 points per game scoring average for the 1995 season is the highest single season scoring average for any Indiana player during Bob Knight's 29-year tenure. Henderson was accepted into medical school at Indiana University and Howard University School of Medicine in 1995. He is also a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity, and graduated from college with a degree in biology.
NBA career
In 1995, Henderson was selected with the 16th pick in the NBA draft by the Atlanta Hawks, and has since played for the Hawks, the Dallas Mavericks, Cleveland Cavaliers, and the Philadelphia 76ers.
In his rookie year (1995–96) with the Hawks, he ranked 2nd on the team in total blocked shots (43). During the 1997-98 season, he was the recipient of the NBA Most Improved Player Award after averaging 14.3 points and 6.4 rebounds. He remained a member of an Atlanta team that for nine of his tenured seasons did not improve significantly nor get very far in the postseason when they qualified for the Playoffs.
On August 4, 2004, along with Jason Terry, Henderson was traded to the Dallas Mavericks for Antoine Walker and Tony Delk. He was then traded to the Milwaukee Bucks along with Calvin Booth for Keith Van Horn on February 24, 2005. The Bucks then waived Henderson the following day. On March 1, he re-signed with the Mavericks.
On September 17, 2005, Henderson signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers, appearing in 51 games as a reserve power forward.
On September 8, 2006, Henderson signed a free agent contract with the Philadelphia 76ers.
On February 22, 2007, Henderson was traded to the Utah Jazz along with cash for the rights to swap draft picks in the second round of the 2007 NBA Draft, but was released from the team on March 2. In early April, he was re-signed by the 76ers to a contract for the remainder of the season. He averaged 7.8 points, 5 rebounds and 0.6 assists in 652 NBA games.
External links
NBA.com profile
Basketball-reference profile
References
1972 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks draft picks
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball players from Indianapolis
Basketball players from West Virginia
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Dallas Mavericks players
Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Philadelphia 76ers players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Morgantown, West Virginia
Goodwill Games medalists in basketball
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Sanctuary is a 1961 drama film directed by Tony Richardson. The film, based on the William Faulkner novels Sanctuary (1931) and Requiem for a Nun (1951), is about the black maid of a white woman who kills the latter's newborn in order to give her employer a way out of a predicament, and then faces the death penalty.
Plot
In 1928, in the county of Yoknapatawpha, Mississippi, Nancy Mannigoe, a 30-year-old black woman, is condemned to death for the willful murder of the infant son of her white employer Mrs. Gowan Stevens, the former Temple Drake. On the eve of the scheduled execution, Temple tries to save Nancy by telling her father, the governor, of the events leading up to the murder.
Six years earlier, Temple was a pleasure-loving college girl carrying on a flirtatious romance with young Gowan Stevens. One night, Gowan got drunk and took her to a backwood still where she was raped by Candy Man, a Cajun bootlegger. The next morning, although in a state of semi-shock, she willingly submitted to more of his lovemaking, and then agreed to live with him in a New Orleans brothel. Nancy became her personal maid, and Temple reveled in her new life, until Candy Man was reported killed in an auto accident and Temple was forced to go home. Marriage to Gowan followed; but for Temple it was a dull life, and she hired Nancy as a servant to remind her of the brothel life she had loved so much. Suddenly, Candy Man returned, and Temple decided to abandon her home and marriage and once more run off with him. To bring Temple to her senses and prevent her from ruining her life, Nancy sacrificed the infant child by smothering it to death.
Though shocked by the candor of his daughter's confession, the governor is unable to grant a pardon for Nancy. The next morning Temple visits Nancy in her cell. As the two women beg each other's forgiveness, Temple realizes that it is only through Nancy's sacrifice that she has been able to find salvation.
E. Pauline Degenfelder of Worcester Public Schools estimated that thirty percent of the plot takes place in the present time with the remainder in flashback; of that seventy percent flashback material, she attributed forty percent to the original novel, eight percent to the sequel novel, and the remainder to "a transition between Sanctuary and Requiem". The Lee Goodwin/Tommy element is not included. A car accident was used as a plot device for Temple to be discovered as, due to the absence of the aforementioned element, Horace Benbow is not in this version and therefore cannot track her down.
Production
Richard D. Zanuck produced the film. He made it an adaptation of both Faulkner novels because there were more commercial opportunities and because he believed the sequel novel alone could not be properly adapted into a film. Zanuck acquired the filming rights to both novels, and as part of this he spent $75,000 on the rights to The Story of Temple Drake as he was required to do so to get the said rights to the original novel.
James Poe wrote the script, using an outline and prologue made by Zanuck because the latter was unable to contact Faulkner through employees sent to visit the author.
Richardson stated that he wished to work on the film partly due to the depiction of the 1920s and 1930s United States in the original script, but he disliked the editing process for American films at the time and therefore he disliked the completed film.
Cast
Lee Remick as Temple Drake
Even though Temple is formally known as "Mrs. Gowan Stevens", she still calls herself by her maiden name. Gene D. Phillips of Loyola University of Chicago stated that internally she still perceives herself to be "an irresponsible adolescent" and undeserving of a reputation of being a responsible wife. Degenfelder argued that this film does not have a consistent Temple as it tried but failed to reconcile the two different Temples from the novels, and that the resulting character was "weak". In addition, while that film was, according to the reviewer, trying to have a dual nature like with the first film, she felt that Temple is "unconvincing" in the "vamp" role.
Odetta as Nancy Mannigoe
Phillips described the character as "the focal point of the entire action of the combined stories." In the portions adapted from the first novel, Nancy takes the role originally used by the character Ruby Lamar. This film works in a foreshadowing where Nancy says that Candy Man's still building is not suitable for a child to live in, which plays into the later scene where Nancy kills Temple's child to prevent the baby from being corrupted.
Yves Montand as Candy Man
He is an amalgamation of characters from both source novels: Popeye, Red, and Pete (Red's brother). Phillips wrote that Candy's "French accent gives him an exotic quality" attracting Temple to him; the film has the character originate in New Orleans to match the change. Phillips stated that the merging of Pete into Candy Man means the film is made "more tightly into a continuous narrative" from the plots of the two original works, and also that the film does not have to make efforts to establish a new character towards the film's end. According to Degenfelder, the new character name is a reference to his sexual allure and his job illegally transporting alcohol, as "candy" also referred to alcohol. Bosley Crowther of The New York Times stated that Candy Man sounds like Charles Boyer.
Bradford Dillman as Gowan Stevens
Harry Townes as Ira Bobbitt
The novel version is Gavin Stevens. Gene Phillips of Loyola University of Chicago wrote that the name was likely altered to avoid confusion with Gowan.
Howard St. John as Governor Drake
He is an amalgamation of the governor and Judge Drake (Temple's father) from the original works. Phillips wrote that making the governor her father is "possibly to explain quickly and plausibly her easy access to a man in this position".
Jean Carson as Norma
Reta Shaw as Miss Reba
Strother Martin as Dog Boy
William Mims as Lee
Marge Redmond as Flossie
Jean Bartel as Swede
Horace Benbow, Lee Goodwin, and Tommy do not appear in this version.
Degenfelder wrote that the merging of characters results in "ludicrous coincidence" being a feature of the plot.
Reception
Phillips characterized the reaction from the general audiences and from film critics as "lukewarm".
Crowther wrote that the film "no more reflects or comprehends the evil in the Faulkner stories or the social corruption suggested in them than did" the previous adaptation, and that Sanctuary was a "melodrama of the most mechanical and meretricious sort" that lacked the explanation for Temple's behavior. Crowther praised Remick's acting.
Degenfelder argued that the source material was poorly combined and adapted, with the work "woefully deficient in movement", resulting in "an artistic disaster." In addition she felt this version was misogynistic.
Phillips argued that the film does have "much of the flavor of Faulkner" and that it would be difficult to depict the original novel's events in a film that would be acceptable for general audiences.
See also
List of American films of 1961
References
Notes
External links
1961 films
1961 drama films
20th Century Fox films
CinemaScope films
American black-and-white films
American drama films
Films about rape
Films about prostitution
Films based on American novels
Films based on multiple works
Films based on works by William Faulkner
Films directed by Tony Richardson
Films produced by Darryl F. Zanuck
Films scored by Alex North
Films set in Mississippi
Films set in the 1920s
Films with screenplays by James Poe
Southern Gothic films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Samuel Okai Quarshie-Idun was a Ghanaian lawyer and judge. He worked as a lawyer in the Gold Coast from 1927 to 1936 and entered judicial service as a magistrate in 1936, rising through the ranks to become Chief Justice of the High Court of Western Nigeria in 1960 and President of the Court of Appeal for Eastern Africa in 1964.
Early life and education
Quarshie-Idun was born on 15 January 1902 at Cape Coast, the capital city of the Central Region of Ghana. He had his secondary education at Mfantsipim School and continued to Selwyn College, Cambridge for his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees. He was called to the bar in 1927 at Inner Temple, London.
Career
Quarshie-Idun begun as a private legal practitioner after he was called to the bar in 1927 until 1936 when he was appointed District Magistrate. He served as a District Magistrate until 22 January 1948, when he was promoted to Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court by the then King of the United Kingdom, George VI. While a Puisne Judge, he was a member of the Commission of Enquiry that investigated the Enugu (Nigeria) disturbances in 1949. Between 1956 and 1958 he served as the acting chief justice of the supreme court of the Gold Coast and later Ghana on several occasions. He resigned in 1958 as a puisne judge of the Supreme Court of Ghana to take up an appointment in Nigeria, carrying out special judicial duties earlier that year prior to his appointment as justice of the High Court of Western Nigeria. He was later appointed Chief Justice of the High Court of Western Nigeria in 1960, succeeding Dr. Robert Yorke Hedges. He served in this capacity until his appointment to preside over the Court of Appeal for Eastern Africa in 1964. He succeeded Sir. Ronald Ormiston Sinclair who had proceeded to the United Kingdom on leave pending his retirement on 15 January 1964. He arrived in Nairobi from Nigeria on 11 February 1964 and was sworn into office on 14 February 1964, becoming the first African and the first West African for that matter to occupy this position. He served in this capacity until his retirement on 19 December 1965.
Personal life
Quashie-Idun was a member and first president of the Ashanti Cultural Society of Ghana, a member of the Methodist Church of Ghana and a choir master at his church, president of the Rotary Club of Ibadan, a member of the Rotary Club of Nairobi, and a member of the Kiambu Club from 1964 to 1965. He died in London's University College Hospital on 12 March 1966.
See also
East African Court of Appeal
References
1902 births
1966 deaths
Gold Coast (British colony) judges
Mfantsipim School alumni
Alumni of Selwyn College, Cambridge
The 2020 Super W season was the third edition of the women's Super W competition in Australia. The playoff and final were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the NSW Waratahs were dubbed champions after an undefeated season.
Teams
Regular season
Standings
Results
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Finals
The NSW Waratahs Women were undefeated in the regular season. They were to host the Final in Sydney after the playoff between Queensland Reds Women and Brumbies Women. The Finals were postponed to late May, but Rugby Australia decided to formally conclude the season due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
See also
Women's rugby union
References
2020
2020 in Australian rugby union
2020 in women's rugby union
2020 in Australian women's sport
The Church of St. George of Ilori () is a Medieval, originally Georgian Orthodox Church in the village of Ilori, in the Ochamchira District of Abkhazia, Georgia. The Church was built in the first quarter of the 11th century, and represents one of the most important sites of western Georgian architecture. It is also considered one of the more significant religious locations of Medieval western Georgia. The building has a single-nave design.
During its long history, the church underwent several important architectural modifications and was repaired by Levan II Dadiani in the 17th century, only to be burnt down by Ottoman Turks in 1736. The building was eventually restored again by the Princes of Odishi in the latter half of the same century.
On 9 February 2011, the Abkhazian government transferred the church into the perpetual care of the Abkhazian Orthodox Church.
Cattle Sacrifice to Saint George
From ancient times the church participated in an anual festival to Saint George on October 21st. The festival commemorated a miracle supposedly performed by the saint in which a pagan was converted to Christianity when his ox mysteriously appeared in the saint's church hundreds of leagues away. From that time, the miracle was commemorated every year by a special festival. According to French traveler Jean Chapin, who visited and wrote of the area in 1672, each year a young man aspiring to become a priest would steal an ox and smuggle it into the church in the middle of the night. The night before the festival, the local bishop made a show of checking the church for cattle, and placing a bucket before the door to illustrate that the church had not been entered in the night. When the church was opened the next morning an ox had "mysteriously appeared. The ox was then sacrificed to the Saint George. Parts of the cow were given to the kings of Imeretiand Guria, part to the priesthood, and part to the common peiople of the area, who considered the meat to be sacred.
The state of the ox was said to predict the fortune of the coming year. If the ox struggled before being sacrificed, it meant there would be war. If the cow defecated it was a symbol of fertility. If the cow was wet there would be plenty of wine. If the cow was red in color it meant high mortality among men and horses, but any other color of ox was a symbol of good luck.
This practice purportedly continued into the 20th century.
2010 restoration controversy
In 2010, the church underwent restoration. According to the Georgian government, this resulted in severe damage to the church's historic character. It accused the Abkhazian government of plastering parts of the exterior and the interior of the church that featured Georgian inscriptions and frescos, and of replacing the Georgian-style dome by a Russian-style one. The Georgian government called on international conservation organisations and in particular UNESCO to intervene.
Demur Bzhania, head of the Abkhazian Directorate for the Protection of Cultural Heritage, declared that the church's Priest had not coordinated the reconstruction with his office, and admitted that the placement of the dome would have to be corrected. However, he defended the whitewashing of the walls, claiming that the interior had not been touched and that old photographs of the church's exterior did not show any Georgian inscriptions or murals. According to head of the Abkhazian Orthodox Church Vissarion Aplaa, the church did not originally have a dome, and its historic character had first been affected when Georgian authorities placed a Georgian-style dome on top of it during the 1940s and 1950s. This dome had then collapsed during the 1992-1993 war Georgian-Abkhazian war, and now the local Priest had replaced it with a new dome to prevent water from entering the church.
The issue was also raised by the Georgian delegation at the 25th meeting for incident prevention in Chuburkhindji on 22 February 2011, demanding a joint visit to the church. Viacheslav Chirikba, special envoy of the Abkhazian President, stated in the run-up to the meeting that Georgia had no authority to raise the issue, and that EUMM head Hansjörg Haber and UN special representative Antti Turunen had had the opportunity during informal visits to convince themselves that the historic character of the church had not been compromised. The church was also visited by EU special representative Pierre Morel on 18 February.
Current condition
The territory is currently occupied by Russia, thus it is impossible to study and to conduct the appropriate works.
But we have information that, in 2010, the Abkhazian separatists and Russian occupants installed Russian dome on the 11th century Georgian church in order to erase totally any Georgian sign off the external facades; internal ones were partially repainted in white, the eastern part, where the Georgian inscriptions had been carved, is totally plastered. Contemporary air-conditioners have been installed in the church.
Ilori Church has been given the status of national importance monument.
Sources
Cultural Heritage in Abkhazia, Tbilisi, 2015
Notes
References
Churches in Abkhazia
Eastern Orthodox church buildings in Georgia (country)
11th-century Eastern Orthodox church buildings
Immovable Cultural Monuments of National Significance of Georgia
Christiane Völling (born 17 April 1959) is the first intersex person known to have successfully sued for damages in a case brought for non-consensual surgical intervention described as a non-consensual sex reassignment. She was awarded €100,000 by the Regional Court of Cologne.
History
Völling was born in 1959 with XX sex chromosomes, typically associated with being female, and likely also with congenital adrenal hyperplasia. She had ambiguous genitalia and was assigned and raised male. She had an early puberty with what was considered to be striking physical growth, including beard growth.
During an appendectomy, at age 14, the teenager was found to have a full set of female reproductive organs, including ovaries and fallopian tubes. While no testicular tissue was detected, Völling was diagnosed as having a mix of both male and female organs. She was informed of the presence of female organs and told she was 60% female. Völling suffered mental health issues as a consequence. Her female-typical chromosomal pattern was detected in 1977, but the results were not shared with her. Her awareness of her sexuality and her sexual orientation were analysed, followed by surgery at age 18 on 12 August 1977 that removed her female sexual organs, including her reproductive organs. Medical papers showed purpose of the surgery as a "testovarectomy", the removal of both testicular and ovarian tissue, however, no testicular tissue was present. The senior physician's entry stated “a normal female anatomy with pre-pubertal uterus, normal sized ovaries, blindly ending vagina...” were found.
Völling continued to live as a man for a time, but later transitioned to live as a woman. In 2006, Völling obtained her medical records and discovered the concealment of her chromosomal diagnosis, and the nature of the surgery in 1977.
The case of Re: Völling
In a case decided on 6 February 2008, in the Regional Court of Cologne, Völling stated that she had been unable to consent to, or fully understand, the nature of the surgery that took place in 1977. She argued that, with appropriate medical treatment, she could have lived the life of a woman, including full female sexuality and the ability to procreate. In addition to life in an inappropriate gender, she suffered the consequences of castration, and of a urethra reconstruction, including persistent urinary tract infections and urinary dysfunction.
The surgeon argued that he relied on the diagnostic support of medical specialists. He further argued that Völling did not possess a "naturally female body", but one subjected to virilization, and "profoundly atrophied" sex organs." In the surgeon's view, the surgery fulfilled the urgent and thoroughly reviewed wishes of the patient. Key diagnostic information was withheld for therapeutic reasons, primarily due to concern about her mental health.
The court determined that the surgery took place in the absence of any grave or acute health risks. The doctor had no good reason for failing to provide full diagnostic information, in particular as the diagnostic data showed that Völling did not possess mixed sex characteristics, with the potential to maintain one present sex, but actually involved the complete removal of her only present sex organs. Völling was both genetically and physically female. An obligation to inform the patient about her diagnoses could not be disregarded for therapeutic reasons as the "surgery's point of origin considerably changed during the surgery".
The court ruled that "the Defendant illegally, in a deliberate and culpable manner, injured the Plaintiff's health by removing his female sex organs" without full consent about the nature, content and extent of the surgery. Völling was awarded damages of €100,000.
The International Commission of Jurists describe the case as "an example of an individual who was subjected to sex reassignment surgery without full knowledge or consent". The case fell just within limits afforded by the statute of limitations.
In addition to the case, Völling petitioned a court for her official change of name and change of legal status from male to female.
Publications
See also
Intersex rights in Germany
Intersex human rights
Intersex surgery
References
1959 births
Living people
Intersex women
Intersex rights activists
Medical controversies in Germany
Intersex in history
Intersex rights in Germany
German activists
Transgender writers
Intersex writers
21st-century LGBT people
Hierotopy (from , sacred + , place, space) is the creation of sacred spaces viewed as a special form of human creativity and also a related academic field where specific examples of such creativity are studied. The concept and the term were developed in 2002 by Russian art-historian and byzantinist Alexei Lidov. Hierotopy accounts for the ways in which a vast array of media (e.g. religious images, ritual, song, incense, light) are used to organize sacred spaces. As an academic field, it spans the disciplines of art history, archeology, cultural anthropology, ethnology and religious studies, but it possesses an object of study and a methodology of its own. It differs from the phenomenology of the sacred (which has been studied by Mircea Eliade, Rudolf Otto and Pavel Florensky) insofar as it focuses on historical examples of hierotopic projects, that is, projects establishing a medium of communication between the mundane and the sacred. Though related with religious mysticism, hierotopy deals first and foremost with forms of conscious, creative activity.
According to the hierotopic approach, icons and other sacred artifacts are viewed not as isolated objects, but as components of larger hierotopic projects. Though such artifacts often play a prominent role in hierotopic studies, it is these projects themselves – including both their conceptual and artistic aspects, as well as the historical developments leading to their formation – that are the primary focus of study. The role played by the creators of sacred spaces is also of chief importance, and could be compared with that of an artist. The creative element at work here resembles the work of contemporary film directors, for both involve the coordinated effort of various artists and specialists in shaping a single, comprehensive vision. As examples of hierotopic projects, one can consider King Solomon's construction of the First Temple, the erection of Hagia Sophia by Emperor Justinian, as well as the work of Abbot Suger in the conception of first Gothic cathedrals. Hierotopic projects are not limited to churches and sanctuaries; in other cases, landscapes, architectural compounds and even cities and countries have become products of hierotopic creativity.
The topics of hierotopic study cover a broad span of interests and range, for example, from the role played by light in church architecture to the study of religious ceremonies, feasts and folk customs. The comparison of hierotopic models at work in different cultures is another focus of interest.
Six international symposia (2004, 2006, 2009, 2011, 2014, 2017) have been organized on hierotopic subjects.
Spatial icons
The concept of the spatial icon plays a central role in hierotopy and is used to describe the perception of sacred spaces. Spatial icons are understood to play a mediating role between the mundane and the sacred. They are mediatory images that are evoked, for example, in the space of a temple or sanctuary. Hierotopic creativity is a sort of art, which can be described as the creation of spatial icons. This concept applies to the way in which the perception of architecture, light, image, ritual practice, as well as various other components forming sacred spaces, is unified into a single vision. It is also used in the study both of "sacred landscapes", such as the New Jerusalem Monastery near Moscow, as well as of various ritual practices creating iconic medium, such as the Donkey walk in medieval Moscow. Spatial icons are essentially dynamic and performative in nature, such that the formal boundary between ‘image' and ‘beholder' no longer pertains. Typically, the beholders of spatial icons are actively involved in some way and become, to a certain extent, co-creators of the icons.
Transfer of sacred spaces
The transfer of sacred spaces is an important form of hierotopic creativity. While an original sacred space often appears as the result of a theophany, such as a divine visitation or omen, this primary sacred space is then consciously reproduced in sanctuaries or temples as a spatial icon. For example, the construction of the First Temple, as recounted in the Old Testament, can be viewed as the reproduction of the sacred space of the Tabernacle. Similarly, in the design and construction of many Christian churches, the First Temple itself has been taken as a hierotopic prototype. Multiple "New Jerusalems" (reproductions of the Holy City of Jerusalem), aimed to establish a link to the space of the Holy Land, are common both to the Eastern and Western branches of the Christian tradition.
Image-paradigms
The perception of sacred spaces has been analyzed by Lidov in terms of image-paradigms. According to his conception, an image-paradigm is a guiding image-vision that is created with the help of various media and that is aimed at evoking the same image in the mind of beholders of a sacred space. An image-paradigm, which is essentially different from an illustrative picture or representation, is a means of communication between the creators of sacred spaces and their beholders. It constitutes a kernel of meaning that gives form to an entire hierotopic project. As an example, the image of the Heavenly Jerusalem, which was present in Medieval churches without being directly represented, is one of the most significant image-paradigms in the Christian tradition.
References
Further reading
Hierotopy. Christian Sacred Spaces. Cambridge Dictionary of Christianity. Cambridge, 2010, pp. 512–515 (see bibliography in )
Hierotopy: The Creation of sacred spaces in Byzantium and medieval Russia, ed. A. Lidov. Moscow: Indrik, 2006
New Jerusalems: Hierotopy and iconography of sacred spaces, ed. A. Lidov. Moscow: Indrik, 2009,910 pp.
A. Lidov. Hierotopy: Spatial Icons and Image-Paradigms in Byzantine Culture, Moscow: Theoria, 2009, 352 pp.
Bissera V. Pentcheva. The Sensual Icon. Space, Ritual, and the Senses in Byzantium, Pennstate Press, 2009. abstractsample chapter
Holy Water in the Hierotopy and Iconography of the Christian World. Moscow: Theoria, 2017, 760 pp.
External links
Internet-library of publications on hierotopy
Religious studies
Art history
Holiness
Ancient Byzantium
DJ-Kicks: Erlend Øye is a DJ mix album, mixed by Erlend Øye. It was released on 19 April 2004 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series. All vocals on the a cappella tracks are performed by Øye. The release was preceded on April 12 by the single "The Black Keys Work", a remix of which appears on the album. Also released was a promotional 12'' vinyl single for "Sheltered Life/Fine Day".
The album was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association which indicated sales of at least 30,000 copies throughout Europe.
Reception
Online music magazine Pitchfork placed Erlend Øye's DJ-Kicks at number 148 on its list of top 200 albums of the 2000s.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Erlend Øye (Official Web-Site)
DJ-Kicks (Official Web-Site)
Erlend Øye albums
Erlend Oye
2004 compilation albums
Ternopil Lake (Ukrainian: Тернопільський став, known as Komsomol Lake before 1992, non-official Ternopil Lake) is a large artificial pond, a reservoir set in the center of Ternopil created in the place of swamps on the river Seret. Today Ternopil pond is surrounded by a park. It is a favorite walking place of residents and visitors of the city. Only two European cities have the lake in the center and one of them is Ternopil. On the embankment of the Ternopil Lake takes place the festival of forge art. The Church of Exaltation of the Cross which is the architectural monument of the 16th century is situated near the lake.
History
It was created in 1548 by Crown Hetman Jan Tarnowski as one link in a chain of fortifications encircling his residence, the Tarnopol Castle. In the 16th century the pond stretched for up to the high dam carrying the Lwów Highway. At the beginning of the 20th century, the pond was leased by Ternopil businessman Volodymyr Trach, who exported fish to Poland.
In addition it was also used for fish breeding. The pond, formerly renowned for its fisheries, had silted up by the mid-20th century and was further damaged during the Second World War. During the Second World War, Ternopil pond was completely destroyed. It was reconstructed and expanded in 1952 to include a network of marshes bordering the Seret River during the massive rebuilding of Ternopil. At that time, it was decided to transfer the water resources to the local authorities in 1956, which began to recover the Ternopil pond. A new dam was built resulting in a higher water level than before. The mended pond had taken a much larger area - more than 300 hectares, and was subsequently named as Komsomol lake. Shevchenko Park was established between the pond and the city center in 1953, which stretched along the eastern shores of the lake. In the 1960s, the beach near the Old Castle was eliminated and in its place a central pier was built. A local version of the Jet d'Eau was inaugurated in 1975. In the 1980s the landscaping around the Komsomolsk lake continued to be developed. A hydropark "Pioneer" behind the dam was created, which later was renamed as "Topilche." Hotel "Moscow" was also built at the foot of the Forest Park "Zagrebellya". Subsequently, the hotel's name was changed to "Halychyna". Also, Ternopil pond has two islands: the Island of Love and "The Seagull" (“Chayka”).
An old Soviet motor ship, "The Hero Tantsorov" still operating on the pond. In 1968, the ship appeared in Ternopil named in honor of Gregory Tantsorov - one of the liberators of the city from German occupation. The ship originally was called "Zalishchyky" and was built in 1963 in Belarus. The overhaul of "The Hero Tantsorov" was made in 2006. In 1966 a small motor ship "PT-50" appeared on the pond ("Passenger ship - Fifty Project"), built in 1964. In 2005, the two ships were passed to the ownership of municipal enterprise “Ternopilelektrotrans”.
The pond has significant economic importance in the 21st century, operating four mills that bring profits to the city. There are a lot of fish in the lake such as pike, perch, carp, and others. There are also a lot of algae and the yellow water lily that blooms in late June. To the west of the pond near the village Pronyatyn, various types of willows are existent. Also, wild ducks and gulls swim and breed in Ternopil pond.
Photogallery
External links
Reservoirs in Ukraine
Parks in Ternopil
Ponds of Europe
1548 establishments in Europe
16th-century establishments in Ukraine
Geography of Ternopil
The Seret (Ukrainian: Серéт) is the left tributary of the Dniester that flows through the Ternopil Oblast of Ukraine. It is long and its basin area is . The towns of Ternopil, Terebovlia and Chortkiv sit along the river's banks. Some of the bloodiest fighting of World War I took place on the banks of the Seret.
Location
It consists of the merger of several small rivers near the village of Ratyshchi district. Seretha hills are located between the hills of Voronyaky, the middle current - within the Ternopil plateau, the lower reaches - in the Dniester canyon area. The main direction of the current from north to south (partly to the southeast).
Usage
Water is used for technical water supply, agricultural needs, fish breeding; there are recreational zones.
Tributaries
Right: Hrabarka, Seret-Pravyi, Smolyanka, , Nesterivka, Dovzhanka, Bridok, Nishla, Hnyla Rudka, Pereima, , Cherkaska,
Left: , , (the largest tributary),
References
Rivers of Ternopil Oblast
In Japanese culture, is a category of commercial photographic portraits of celebrities including geisha, singers, actors and actresses of both stage and film, and sports stars. The use of the term "bromide" or "promide" occurs regardless of whether bromide paper was actually used for the photograph.
In 1921 the Marubell Company began marketing photographs of celebrities under the name . The first of these was a portrait of the film actress Sumiko Kurishima. Marubell sold the photographic paper as "bromide", and its finished photographs as "Promide". The two words eventually became synonymous and between the mid-1940s and the late-1980s sales of "bromides" were used to measure the popularity of Japanese idols. Sales records were released on a monthly basis for the following categories: "Male Singers", "Female Singers", "Actors", and "Actresses". Bromides remain a popular product in the idol industry to this day.
The use of the term "bromide" to refer to a celebrity photograph remains a part of Japanese popular consciousness, and reference books such as the Kōjien Dictionary and NHK's Broadcasting Glossary recognize the term as such. "Promide" is used solely to refer to Marubell Company's bromides.
In Korea
The term is actively used in Korean culture, where it is the name of a K-pop magazine. Based on usage of the term by, for example, sellers of K-pop goods on eBay, "bromide" denotes an oversized photo or mini-poster of a celebrity on card stock with a laminated cover or glossy finish.
References
Portrait photography
Japanese popular culture
Japanese idols
Dick Hantak (born October 3, 1938) is a former American football official in the National Football League (NFL). He was in the NFL for 25 years between 1978 and 2003. He began his NFL officiating career as a back judge and became a referee eight years later. During his career, he officiated in two Super Bowls, Super Bowl XVII in 1983 as a back judge and later as a referee in Super Bowl XXVII in 1993, both at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California and selected as an alternate for Super Bowl XXXII in 1998. He was one of the first officials to wear a three-digit uniform number, wearing number 105 except for 1979–81, when officials were numbered separately by position.
Hantak was most notable for being involved in a game that would result in the elimination of the excessive crowd noise rule from the NFL because of the actions during an exhibition game preceding the 1989 NFL season between the Cincinnati Bengals and New Orleans Saints at the Louisiana Superdome. Prior to the snap to begin a play, Bengals quarterback Boomer Esiason constantly complained to Hantak about the loud crowd noise inside of the dome and would embellish his reactions in protest over the newly created rule. Esiason would later admit that he was put up to the task by then head coach Sam Wyche.
Hantak was also involved in a humorous incident during a 1996 game between Pittsburgh and Carolina. On a punt the ball landed in the endzone and the Carolina mascot Sir Purr downed it, unaware the ball was live. While Steelers coach Bill Cowher was laughing, Hantak told Sir Purr not to do it again. And again in December 1997 at Pontiac silverdome, the biggest game where Barry sanders rushing 2000, one of the rowdiest repeated crowd yells and chanting. Dick ended his distinguished officiating career with a playoff game on January 11, 2003, between the Oakland Raiders and New York Jets.
As of the 2006 NFL season, Hantak serves as an NFL replay official, working on-site in the video officiating booth.
Hantak is a 1960 graduate of Southeast Missouri State University and was a member of Sigma Tau Gamma.
References
1930s births
Living people
National Football League officials
Southeast Missouri State University alumni
Sinokos is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 451, all Bosniaks.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
Juni Vibeke Dahr (born 29 June 1953) is a Norwegian actress. She was born in Oslo, and is the sister of film director and producer Eva Dahr.
References
1953 births
Living people
Norwegian film actresses
Norwegian stage actresses
Norwegian television actresses
Actresses from Oslo
Schur–Weyl duality is a mathematical theorem in representation theory that relates irreducible finite-dimensional representations of the general linear and symmetric groups. It is named after two pioneers of representation theory of Lie groups, Issai Schur, who discovered the phenomenon, and Hermann Weyl, who popularized it in his books on quantum mechanics and classical groups as a way of classifying representations of unitary and general linear groups.
Schur–Weyl duality can be proven using the double centralizer theorem.
Description
Schur–Weyl duality forms an archetypical situation in representation theory involving two kinds of symmetry that determine each other. Consider the tensor space
with k factors.
The symmetric group Sk on k letters acts on this space (on the left) by permuting the factors,
The general linear group GLn of invertible n×n matrices acts on it by the simultaneous matrix multiplication,
These two actions commute, and in its concrete form, the Schur–Weyl duality asserts that under the joint action of the groups Sk and GLn, the tensor space decomposes into a direct sum of tensor products of irreducible modules (for these two groups) that actually determine each other,
The summands are indexed by the Young diagrams D with k boxes and at most n rows, and representations of Sk with different D are mutually non-isomorphic, and the same is true for representations of GLn.
The abstract form of the Schur–Weyl duality asserts that two algebras of operators on the tensor space generated by the actions of GLn and Sk are the full mutual centralizers in the algebra of the endomorphisms
Example
Suppose that k = 2 and n is greater than one. Then the Schur–Weyl duality is the statement that the space of two-tensors decomposes into symmetric and antisymmetric parts, each of which is an irreducible module for GLn:
The symmetric group S2 consists of two elements and has two irreducible representations, the trivial representation and the sign representation. The trivial representation of S2 gives rise to the symmetric tensors, which are invariant (i.e. do not change) under the permutation of the factors, and the sign representation corresponds to the skew-symmetric tensors, which flip the sign.
Proof
First consider the following setup:
G a finite group,
the group algebra of G,
a finite-dimensional right A-module, and
, which acts on U from the left and commutes with the right action of G (or of A). In other words, is the centralizer of in the endomorphism ring .
The proof uses two algebraic lemmas.
Proof: Since U is semisimple by Maschke's theorem, there is a decomposition into simple A-modules. Then . Since A is the left regular representation of G, each simple G-module appears in A and we have that (respectively zero) if and only if correspond to the same simple factor of A (respectively otherwise). Hence, we have: Now, it is easy to see that each nonzero vector in generates the whole space as a B-module and so is simple. (In general, a nonzero module is simple if and only if each of its nonzero cyclic submodule coincides with the module.)
Proof: Let . The . Also, the image of W spans the subspace of symmetric tensors . Since , the image of spans . Since it is dense in W either in the Euclidean topology or in the Zariski topology, the assertion follows.
The Schur–Weyl duality now follows. We take to be the symmetric group and the d-th tensor power of a finite-dimensional complex vector space V.
Let denote the irreducible -representation corresponding to a partition and . Then by Lemma 1
is irreducible as a -module. Moreover, when is the left semisimple decomposition, we have:
,
which is the semisimple decomposition as a -module.
Generalizations
The Brauer algebra plays the role of the symmetric group in the generalization of the Schur-Weyl duality to the orthogonal and symplectic groups.
More generally, the partition algebra and its subalgebras give rise to a number of generalizations of the Schur-Weyl duality.
Notes
References
Roger Howe, Perspectives on invariant theory: Schur duality, multiplicity-free actions and beyond. The Schur lectures (1992) (Tel Aviv), 1–182, Israel Math. Conf. Proc., 8, Bar-Ilan Univ., Ramat Gan, 1995.
Issai Schur, Über eine Klasse von Matrizen, die sich einer gegebenen Matrix zuordnen lassen. Dissertation. Berlin. 76 S (1901) JMF 32.0165.04
Issai Schur, Über die rationalen Darstellungen der allgemeinen linearen Gruppe. Sitzungsberichte Akad. Berlin 1927, 58–75 (1927) JMF 53.0108.05
Representation theory of groups
Hermann Weyl, The Classical Groups. Their Invariants and Representations. Princeton University Press, Princeton, N.J., 1939. xii+302 pp.
External links
How to constructively/combinatorially prove Schur-Weyl duality?
Representation theory
Tensors
Léon d'Ymbault de Vanthay (also: Leon d'Ymbault, Leon d'Imbault, Leon von Imbolt, Leon Imbo; born c. 1700 in Dragomesti, now Astakos; died March/April 1781 in Czernowitz, now Chernivtsi) was the last Moldavian mayor of Czernowitz before the annexation of the Bukovina by Austria in 1775.
Origin
Léon d'Ymbault was an offspring of low French nobility, from the family of Maltese knights Ymbault de Manthay. Nothing is known about his parents. Ymbault was born in the then Venetian city of Dragomesti (at present Astakos () in the Greek prefecture Aetolia-Acarnania), around the year 1700. The exact date of birth is unknown.
Career
Ymbault got his education in the years 1721-1726 in the Capucine Monastery of Pera (the European quarter of Constantinople). In 1730 he became a position as Dragoman (interpreter) at the French legation of Constantinople. In 1734 he was sent as interpreter to Candia (Crete) and in 1735 to Morea (Peloponnese). His good knowledge of Slavonic languages urged his further career. In 1739 the Principality of Moldavia was temporarily occupied by Russian troops. Since 1740 Ymbault worked as dragoman for the Princes of Moldavia and travelled several times in charge of diplomatic tasks to Slavonic neighbour countries (Poland, Russia). According to passes still existing in the family records he was in 1740/41 in Kiev, in 1749 in Cracow and in 1769 in Saint Petersburg. His last travel was made in 1775.
Ymbault was in May 1757 appointed Captain of the important frontier fortress of Soroca (now Moldova) and acquired the title of Mare Paharnic (Great Cup-Bearer). In 1768 he was appointed Starosta of Czernowitz, where he built a house near the Parascheva Church (Czernowitz cadastral no. 352), that is still existing, though strongly changed by later renovations in the 19th century as the Palace Hurmuzachi-Logothetti. During the Russian occupation of Czernowitz (1771–1773) he was replaced by Ilie Herescul. In 1773 he was reimposed in his position of Starosta. According to some sources he should have been deposed as Starosta in the summer of 1773 because of secret contacts with Vincenz von Barco, General of the occupying Austrian army. If this is correct, is not certain as no new Starosta had been installed in his place. Ymbault had to retreat anyway as Starosta after the final decision in 1775 that the Bukovina should be ceded by the Ottoman Empire to Austria. Nevertheless, Ymbault travelled in 1775 once more to Saint Petersburg, presumably to seek help for his former sovereign Grigore III Ghica at the Russian court. After the execution of Ghica on 11 October 1777 Ymbault retired to his manors. It seems that Ymbault was not among the noblemen who held on 12 October 1777 the new sovereign of the Bukovina, Empress Maria Theresa of Austria. He stayed, however, loyal towards the new sovereign during the rest of his life, e.g. by paying border troopers.
On 19 February 1781 Ymbault made his last will in which he bequeathed his possessions in Ober-Scheroutz (now Горішні Шерівці/Horishni Sherivtsi) and Waschkoutz (jetzt Вашківці/Vashkivtsi) to his daughter and her children. When the last will was registered on 30 May 1781 his wife was already a widow. Thus Ymbault must have died in March or April 1781.
Family
Ymbault married in 1758, presumably in Bucharest with Anna Adreanna Voutsina (Vuczin, Wutschin, 1719–1809) from a Greek family of Phanariotes. They had only one child, a daughter Ekatarina d'Ymbault, born 27 November 1759 in Bucharest. She married with the Greek noble from Zakynthos James Count Logothetti (1741–1802). Ekatarina died 23 November 1785. From this marriage all American, Austrian, Hungarian, Moravian and Romanian members of the count's family Logothetti are descendants.
Literature
Familienarchiv Logothetti 1734-1945, now: Moravský zemský archiv, Brno (Czech Republic), fond G 195.
Wilken Engelbrecht: Rod Logothettiů. In: Genealogické a heraldické informace 3, 1998, , p. 17–27.
Alina Felea: Cǎteva date despre familia Imbault. In: Tyragetia N. S. 2 = 17, 2008, , p. 137–140, online (PDF; 214 KB).
Raimund Friedrich Kaindl, Geschichte von Czernowitz von den ältesten Zeiten bis zur Gegenwart. Czernowitz: Pardini Verlag 1908 (Reprint Tscherniwzi, Verlag Selena Bukowyna 2008).
Daniel Werenka: Bukowinas Entstehen und Aufblühen: Maria Theresias Zeit I. In: Archiv für österreichische Geschichte 78, 1892, p. 99-296.
References
1781 deaths
18th-century Romanian people
Bukovina
Greek people of French descent
Romanian people of French descent
Politicians from Chernivtsi
Year of birth unknown
Dane Gagai () (born 3 January 1991) is a professional rugby league footballer and boxer who plays as a and er for the Newcastle Knights in the NRL. He has played for Australia and the New Zealand Maori at international level.
He previously played for the Brisbane Broncos and South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League. He has played for the Indigenous All Stars, Queensland in the State of Origin series and the Prime Minister's XIII. In 2017 he won the Wally Lewis Medal as State of Origin Player of the Series. Earlier in his career he played as a .
Background
Gagai was born in Mackay, Queensland, Australia. He is of Torres Strait Islander heritage through his father's family (Yam Island and Badu Island people) and Ngati Pikiao Maori descent by way of his mother's ancestry.
Gagai's father, Ray, was a member of the Brisbane Broncos' squad in the 1989 NSWRL season. He is also the cousin of former New Zealand test player Josh Hoffman, former Broncos player Wendell Sailor and former Broncos player Travis Waddell. Gagai was eligible to play for both Australia and New Zealand through parents of Indigenous Australian and Māori.
He played his junior football for Brisbane Wests before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
Playing career
Early career
From 2009 to 2011, Gagai played for the Brisbane Broncos' NYC team, scoring 39 tries in 61 games. At the end of 2010, he was named at in the 2010 NYC Team of the Year and played for the Junior Kangaroos against the Junior Kiwis.
2011
In round 1, Gagai made his NRL debut for the Brisbane Broncos against the North Queensland Cowboys on the , scoring a try in the 16–14 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
Gagai finished his debut year in the NRL with 4 tries in 6 matches. He was again named in the NYC Team of the Year, this time at .
2012
On 19 March, Gagai re-signed with Brisbane on a two-year contract. On 9 May, he was released from the contract due to disciplinary reasons. On 28 May, Gagai signed a 2-year contract with the Newcastle Knights effective immediately. In Round 14 of the 2012 NRL season, Gagai made his club debut for the Newcastle Knights against the Canberra Raiders at , scoring a try in the Knights 32–16 loss at Hunter Stadium. Gagai finished his first year in the Newcastle Knights with 12 matches and 5 tries.
2013
On 22 May, Gagai re-signed with Newcastle on a two-year contract. he finished the season with 23 matches and scoring 5 tries. In August, Gagai rejected playing for New Zealand in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup, instead setting his sights to play for Queensland in State of Origin.
2014
On 28 January, Gagai was banned from the Queensland Origin camp by Mal Meninga after a discipline breach. In February, Gagai was selected in the Knights inaugural Nines squad. In June, he was included in the Queensland Maroons extended 22-man squad but was later not chosen to make his debut for Queensland. Gagai played in all of the Knights 24 matches, scoring 7 tries and kicking a goal.
2015
In the pre-season, Gagai played for the Knights in the 2015 NRL Auckland Nines and the Indigenous All Stars in the annual All Stars match, playing off the interchange bench. The Indigenous side won 20–6.
On 10 April, he re-signed with Newcastle on a two-year contract after strong interest from his former club Brisbane Broncos. On 8 July, he made his State of Origin debut on the wing for Queensland in Game 3 of the 2015 State of Origin series, scoring the first try of the game, in Queensland's 52–6 win. He finished the 2015 season having played in all of the Knights 24 matches, scoring 7 tries and kicking 2 goals as the club finished last.
On 26 September, he played for the Prime Minister's XIII against Papua New Guinea, playing at centre in his team's 40–12 win in Port Moresby.
2016
On 13 February, Gagai again played for the Indigenous All Stars against the new World All Stars, playing on the wing and scoring a try in his team's 8–12 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
In round 10 against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks, Gagai played his 100th NRL career game in the Knights' 0–62 loss at Hunter Stadium. After the match, he was seen on camera crying and being embraced by teammate Tariq Sims. Fox Sports commentators Andrew Voss, Jimmy Smith and Mark Gasnier commented on the incident: "Right there at the finish, I don't think I've ever seen the likes of that in all my time following rugby league," said Voss. "Dane Gagai just couldn't contain himself. This is a round 10 game. Have you ever witnessed that in your life? They were incredible pictures," said Smith. "That is a reaction you just don't see. He was shattered," said Gasnier. After the incident, Gagai was exposed to racial abuse from a crowd member. It was later revealed that Gagai was upset due to the death of his grandmother earlier that day.
He played in all 3 matches for Queensland on the wing in the 2016 State of Origin series, where he scored 1 try in Game 1 in Queensland's 6–4 win at ANZ Stadium and a hat-trick of tries in Game 2 in their 26–16 win at Suncorp Stadium.
He finished the season having played in 22 matches and scoring 3 tries as Newcastle finished last on the table and claimed the wooden spoon for a second consecutive year.
2017
Gagai made his third consecutive appearance for the Indigenous All Stars, starting on the wing and scoring a try in the 34–8 win.
On 10 June, Gagai announced that he signed a four-year deal with the South Sydney Rabbitohs from 2018.
On 12 July, Gagai won the Wally Lewis Medal as the player of the 2017 State of Origin series. Gagai, who played on the wing for Queensland in all 3 games, scored 2 tries in Game 2 in the series-tying 18–16 win at ANZ Stadium and ran for over 500 metres for the series. He became the first winger to win the official Player of the series.
Gagai finished his last year with the Newcastle Knights with him playing in 23 matches and scoring 2 tries as Newcastle finished last for a third consecutive year. On 3 October, he was selected in the 24-man Australia Kangaroos 2017 Rugby League World Cup squad. On 27 October, Gagai made his international debut for Australia against England, playing on the wing in the 18–4 win at AAMI Park. In his next match against Lebanon, Gagai scored his first international try in the 34–0 win at Sydney Football Stadium. Gagai played in 5 matches and scored 3 tries in the tournament including starting on the wing in the Kangaroos gritty 6-0 World Cup Final victory over England at Suncorp Stadium.
2018
In round 1 of the 2018 season, Gagai made his club debut for South Sydney against the New Zealand Warriors, playing at centre in South Sydney's 20–32 loss at Perth Stadium.
In round 9 against his old club Newcastle, he scored his first try for Souths in their 36–18 win at McDonald Jones Stadium. During the 2018 All-Stars match at AAMI Park, Melbourne, Gagai was eligible to play for both representative teams as he had Torres Strait Island and Maori heritage. Gagai was then selected to the Maori All-Stars Team.
2019
Before the 2019 NRL season started Gagai chose to play for New Zealand Maori kiwis against the Indigenous Australian All Stars and in that game he scored two tries.
In Game 1 of the 2019 State of Origin series, Gagai scored 2 tries and won man of the match in Queensland's 18–14 victory at Suncorp Stadium. After the match, Gagai finished with 256 run metres, two linebreaks, three tackle breaks and 11 tackles.
In round 19 against St. George, Gagai scored two tries as South Sydney won the match 20-16 after the final siren had sounded.
Gagai finished the 2019 NRL season playing 25 games and scoring 10 tries. He played in the club's preliminary final defeat against the Canberra Raiders as the club fell short of a grand final appearance for the second year in a row.
2020
In round 5 of the 2020 NRL season, Gagai scored two tries as South Sydney defeated the Gold Coast 32–12 at Bankwest Stadium. In round 8, Gagai scored the match winning try for Souths as they defeated Canterbury 26–10 at Bankwest Stadium. In round 9, Gagai scored his first NRL hat trick as Souths defeated the West Tigers 18–10 at Bankwest Stadium.
In round 18 against Wests Tigers, Gagai scored a try but was later sent to the sin bin after throwing the ball at Wests player Luke Brooks. Brooks retaliated punching Gagai in the face before the pair traded punches sparking an all in brawl. Souths would go on to win the match 26–24.
Gagai finished the season with 19 appearances and 11 tries. He played in the club's preliminary final defeat against Penrith as Souths fell at that stage in the competition for a third year in a row.
2021
In round 12 of the 2021 NRL season, Gagai scored a hat-trick in South Sydney's 38-20 victory over Parramatta.
On 9 August, it was announced that Gagai had signed a three-year deal to rejoin Newcastle in 2022.
In round 24, Gagai was sent to the sin bin during South Sydney's 52-12 victory over arch-rivals the Sydney Roosters.
Gagai played a total of 23 games for South Sydney in the 2021 NRL season including the club's 2021 NRL Grand Final defeat against Penrith.
2022
In Game 3 of the 2022 State of Origin series, Gagai was sent to the sin bin for punching New South Wales player Matt Burton during Queensland's 22-12 victory.
In round 19 of the 2022 NRL season, Gagai was sent to the sin bin for dissent during Newcastle's 42-12 loss against the Sydney Roosters. In round 24, Gagai scored two tries for Newcastle in their 26-36 defeat to the Gold Coast.
Gagai played a total of 20 games for Newcastle in 2022 as the club finished 14th on the table.
Accolades
Wally Lewis Medal: 2017
Career stats
Club
Representative
References
External links
Newcastle Knights profile
South Sydney Rabbitohs profile
1991 births
Living people
Australia national rugby league team players
Australian people of Māori descent
Australian rugby league players
Brisbane Broncos players
Indigenous All Stars players
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
Junior Kangaroos players
New Zealand Māori rugby league players
New Zealand Māori rugby league team players
Newcastle Knights players
Newcastle Yowies players
People educated at Brisbane Boys' College
Prime Minister's XIII players
Queensland Rugby League State of Origin players
Redcliffe Dolphins players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Mackay, Queensland
Rugby league wingers
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Torres Strait Islanders
Tajana (also called Tajana Mandal) is a village, situated in Bahawalnagar District, Punjab, Pakistan. It consists 500 homes. The most common profession of the people is agriculture. 70% of the total agricultural land depends on rain water. There are no other sources of the water there.
Bahawalnagar District
Benjamin Steinberg (1920–1975) was a Botswanan cattle rancher and politician who was the first Treasurer of the Botswana Democratic Party and the first White Botswanan Member of Parliament in 1965.
Born to a prominent Jewish family in Lobatse, Steinberg became a successful trader and rancher in Serowe before he became active in politics. In 1961 he became Treasurer of the newly formed Botswana Democratic Party and later represented the Boteti constituency in the Parliament of Botswana. In 1973 he resigned his post due to the government's decision to sever ties with Israel, a decision to which he objected due to his Jewish heritage.
Steinberg died in South Africa in 1975, after traveling to a hospital in Pietersburg for brain surgery.
References
Botswana people of Jewish descent
Botswana farmers
Jewish politicians
Members of the National Assembly (Botswana)
1920 births
1975 deaths
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
White Botswana people
Carina Roseingrave is a camogie player, Young Player of the Year award winner in 2008.
Career
She came to prominence with Clare as they won the Ireland junior championship of 2008, scoring a goal in the final.
References
Living people
Clare camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2013 Campeonato Brasileiro de Turismo (Brazilian Touring Championship) (officially the 2013 Troféu Dolly) also known as Stock Car Brasil Light was the first season of the new Stock Car Brasil second tier championship replacing Copa Chevrolet Montana. The chassis, designed by JL company is similar that used in Stock Car Brasil with V8 engine.
Teams and drivers
All cars are powered by V8 engines and use JL chassis. All drivers were Brazilian-registered.
Race calendar and results
The calendar was released on 11 February 2013. All races were held in Brazil.
Championship standings
Points were awarded as follows:
Drivers' Championship
Teams' Championship
References
External links
Campeonato Brasileiro de Turismo
Stock Car Brasil
Tathall End is a hamlet in the civil parish of Hanslope, Buckinghamshire. It is 1 mile from Hanslope village, and 3 miles from Castlethorpe. The River Tove flows through it. Several properties date back to the 17th century, including Tathall End Farmhouse, dated at 1640.
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Cemre is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Dillon is a ghost town in Hopkins County, Texas, located 30 miles east of Miller Grove near Saltillo, Texas. The town was named after E. F. Dillon, who started operating the post office in his store in 1901. The post office closed in 1906, and in the mid-1930s the town disappeared from highway maps.
In popular culture
Dillon shares a name with the fictionalized setting of Friday Night Lights. The series was filmed around Austin, Texas.
References
Geography of Hopkins County, Texas
Ghost towns in East Texas
Fictional populated places in Texas
Gumba may refer to:
Agumba people, an ethnic group who inhabited the plains of what is now central Kenya, but are now either extinct or assimilated
Gumba, Nepal, a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal
Adamu Gumba (born 1948), Nigerian politician
See also
Goomba (disambiguation)
gompa, a Tibetan Buddhist building
gumbo, a soup
The Toyota 87C, also known as the TOM'S 87C, was a Group C prototype sports car, designed, developed and built by Toyota, for use in sports car racing, specifcally the World Sportscar Championship, between 1987 and 1988.
Development history and technology
In the winter of 1986/1987, those responsible for motorsport at Toyota decided to step up their commitment to the sports car world championship. First and foremost, this meant more money for the development and use of racing cars. With the start of Group C in 1982, Toyota got involved in sports car racing. However, the vehicles have not yet been built or used by Toyota. The development and construction of the racing cars were in the hands of the technicians at Dome, a company founded in 1978 by Minoru Hayashi that specialized in building racing cars. For example, the previous model of the 87C was officially called the Dome 86C.
TOM'S Co. Ltd. took over the races. - Tachi Iowa Motor Sport - is named after the two founders Nobuhide Tachi and Kiyoshi Iowa. The racing team, founded in 1974, took care of the logistics of the operations, while Toyota was partly responsible for operational planning. This variant of team leadership is not uncommon among manufacturers in sports car racing. The connection between Audi and Joest Racing may serve as an example from the present.
The main innovation in technology was the engine. The previous 4-cylinder 4T GT engine, which was based on mass production, was retired. The new 2.1-liter 4-cylinder turbo engine was given a completely new engine management system and delivered . After the first test drives, the wall thickness of the engine block was increased, which made the unit heavier but also more durable.
The racing car designer Masahiro Ohkuni moved from Dome to the group and developed three aluminum chassis together with Dome technicians. The cars looked very successful and compact. However, the 87C lacked sufficient downforce from the start; the main reason why the cars were too slow on the fast Le Mans circuit. In 1987 Toyota was almost exclusively interested in the 24 Hours of Le Mans, where overall victory has been the big goal since entering sports car racing. However, this focus on one race was a certain developmental disadvantage compared to the competition. Although the vehicles were registered for a few races before Le Mans, the car and the team were missing racing kilometers, which also served to eliminate weaknesses in aerodynamics and tuning.
Two chassis were used by TOM'S; Chassis 001 was taken over by Dome and entered there as Dome 87C for a total of six races.
Racing history
The 87C made its racing debut at the Suzuka 500 km race. The race was the first race event of the Japan Sports Prototype Championship that year. No compromises were made with the drivers and the cockpits were entrusted to experienced pilots. In the 87C with starting #36 sat the Formula One World Champion of the 1980 Formula One season, the Australian Alan Jones, who was able to sign up after a failed Formula 1 comeback. His partner was veteran long-distance pilot Geoff Lees. After finishing fifth in practice, the duo finished third overall, on the same lap as the winners Hideki Okada and Mike Thackwell in a Porsche 962C and another Porsche driven by Kunimitsu Takahashi and Kenny Acheson. In the second race, the Japanese championship round in Fuji, there was a surprising overall victory for Jones, Lees, and Masanori Sekiya.
After a sobering Le Mans test weekend in May 1987, where the fastest car, Raul Boesel's Jaguar XJR-8, missed a lap by almost 10 seconds, the TOM'S racing team came to the actual race in June with two cars. The car with the number 37 was driven by the two Japanese Masanori Sekiya and Kaoru Hoshino and the Englishman Tiff Needell. Alan Jones, Geoff Lees, and Dome works driver Eje Elghthe prototype with the number 36. The operation turned into a disaster. Alan Jones was left on the track after 19 laps without fuel because the team miscalculated the amount of fuel after the second pit stop. The sister car drove only twenty laps longer, then the drive ended with an engine failure.
The racing type was far more successful in the Japanese sports car championship than in Le Mans. Lees, Sekiya and Hitoshi Ogawa won the Suzuka 1000 km. The 87C was last used at the factory in the 1000 km race at Fuji, the last race of the sports car world championship in 1987.
At the end of the year a chassis was sold to a private team and introduced as the new works car, the 88C.
References
Group C cars
87C
The Bihar Soccer League, also known as Bihar State Soccer League, is the top tier state level football league in the Indian state of Bihar, conducted by Bihar Football Association with Shirsh Sports Pvt Ltd.
All matches are being played on 3 venues: Motihari, Patna and Muzaffarpur. The 3,000-capacity Khudiram Bose Stadium is the stadium in Muzaffarpur.
Clubs
A total of 7 teams are participating in the league for the first edition in 2021–22.
See also
Chhattisgarh State Men's Football League Championship
FAO League
Sikkim Premier Division League
Calcutta Football League
References
Football leagues in India
East Leake railway station is a former railway station serving East Leake, Nottinghamshire and is the only surviving Great Central Railway station accessed from an underbridge rather than an overbridge. The station opened on 15 March 1899 and closed on 5 May 1969. The Nottingham Heritage Railway passes through but the station has not reopened mainly due to lack of car parking, and with the station entrance being directly onto the road under the bridge, safety concerns were also a factor. A small good siding next to the station was redeveloped for housing in the 1990s. The station buildings have been demolished, with the rubble used to fill in the area from the road entrance to the platform. The island platform remains in situ and could still be used if required. Rushcliffe Halt is nearby.
References
Former Great Central Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1969
Beeching closures in England
Disused railway stations in Nottinghamshire
East Leake
Great Central Railway (preserved)
Opfikon is a railway station in Switzerland, in the municipality of Opfikon. The station is served by Zürich S-Bahn line S7. Opfikon station is some walk from Glattbrugg station on S-Bahn line S5 and the Stadtbahn Glattal.
The Opfikon station has a single central platform, which is flanked by two tracks. The two through tracks of the Zürich Airport station branch of the Zürich to Winterthur line run parallel to the platform, but are not connected to the platform tracks in the vicinity of the station.
The station is situated on the Wettingen–Effretikon line, originally opened by the Swiss National Railway (Schweizerische Nationalbahn; SNB) in 1877 and bypassing Zürich. However the passenger trains that stop at the station all operate from Zürich, using a connection from Zürich Oerlikon station opened in 1881. The station area was heavily modified in 1978, when the airport branch and its through tracks were added.
Services
The following services stop at Opfikon:
Zürich S-Bahn : half-hourly service between and .
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Zürich
Swiss Federal Railways stations
Opfikon
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1987 federal election in the state of Queensland.
Overall results
Results by division
Bowman
Brisbane
Capricornia
Dawson
Fadden
Fairfax
Fisher
Forde
Griffith
Groom
Herbert
Hinkler
Kennedy
Leichhardt
Lilley
Maranoa
McPherson
Moncrieff
Moreton
Oxley
Petrie
Rankin
Ryan
Wide Bay
See also
Results of the 1987 Australian federal election (House of Representatives)
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1987–1990
References
Queensland 1987
Alexanders Run is a long 1st order tributary to Harmon Creek in Brooke County, West Virginia. This is the only stream of this names in the United States.
Course
Alexanders Run rises at Weirton Heights, West Virginia, and then flows south-southwest to join Harmon Creek about 1 mile northwest of Colliers.
Watershed
Alexanders Run drains of area, receives about 40.0 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 339.87, and is about 59% forested.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Brooke County, West Virginia
Cross-country eliminator (XCE) is a mountain bike race format in which four riders compete against each other over a very short course. In each heat, the two fastest riders get to the next round, while the two slower riders are eliminated from the race. It is similar to four-cross, except that the course is not downhill.
Cross-country eliminator races have a maximum duration of 60 seconds. The format differs from the classic cross-country race both in its sprint character and the separation of the race into heats. The track itself is similar to XC tracks, going both uphill and downhill with natural and/or artificial obstacles.
History
First introduced in 2010 in the Germany, the cross-country eliminator format was tested in two UCI events: in Pickering (as part of the world cup in Dalby Forest) (UK) and Nove Mesto na Morave (CZE) in 2011. It was officially integrated into the World Cup in 2012 with three events in Houffalize (BEL), Nove Mesto na Morave (CZE) and La Bresse (FRA).
The first UCI Mountain Bike World Cup XCE race took place on April 13, 2012 in Houffalize, Belgium and was won by Brian Lopes (USA), and Annie Last (UK). The discipline was removed from the World Cup after 2014, then reintroduced in 2017.
The first UCI Mountain Bike World Championships XCE race was held on September 9, 2012 in Saalfelden, Austria. Ralph Naef was the first world champion in 2012 in Saalfelden. In 2013 in Pietermaritzburg it was Paul Van Der Ploeg who became world champion. Fabrice Mels took the world championshiptitle in 2014 in Lillehammer. In 2017, the event was moved to the new UCI Urban Cycling World Championships.
See also
UCI Urban Cycling World Championships – Men's cross-country eliminator
UCI Urban Cycling World Championships – Women's cross-country eliminator
References
Further reading
Dirt Magazine Article on the Eliminator race format
Trail Rentals - Camping & Cycling Equipment
Brian Lopes On The Eliminator Race Format
Mountain biking
Highschool of the Dead is a manga series written by Daisuke Satō and illustrated by Shoji Satō. Set in the present day, the world is struck by a deadly pandemic that turns humans into zombies, euphemistically referred to by the main characters as "Them". The story follows a group of students at Fujimi High School: Takashi Komuro, Rei Miyamoto, Saeko Busujima, Saya Takagi, and Kohta Hirano; Shizuka Marikawa, the high school's nurse, and a young girl as they fight their way to safety through the deadly streets of Japan during a worldwide catastrophic event known as the "Outbreak".
It began serialization in the September 2006 issue of Fujimi Shobo's manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age. The manga went on hiatus from 2008 to 2010, but after March 2011, only one more chapter was released in April 2013. The series was left unfinished following Daisuke Satō's death on March 22, 2017. Fujimi Shobo and Kadokawa Shoten published seven tankōbon volumes from March 1, 2007 and April 25, 2011 in Japan.
In North America, the manga is licensed by Yen Press, and the first English volume was released on January 25, 2011. The manga has also been published in Spain by Glénat España, in Germany by Carlsen, in Italy and Brazil by Panini Comics, in Canada and France for French-language publication by Pika Édition, and in Taiwan by Kadokawa Media.
A full-color version of the manga, called began serialization in the February 2011 issue of Monthly Dragon Age. Kadokawa Shoten released the manga's seven volumes from February 25, 2011 to March 9, 2013. In North America, the full-color edition began serialization in the March 2011 issue of Yen Press' Yen Plus online magazine, and ran until the July 2011 issue. The volumes were later released in two hardcover omnibus volumes on November 22, 2011 and December 17, 2013.
An anime adaptation produced by Madhouse aired in Japan between July and September 2010 on AT-X and other networks. The chapters in the series are called "Acts", and some of the chapter titles are plays on elements of American popular culture (e.g.: "Guns n' Deads"→Guns N' Roses; "The Good, the Bad, and the Dead"→The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly).
Volumes list
Original volumes
English omnibus volumes
Not in tankōbon format
Act.30: Intellect, Emotion, and Dead (released in the May 2013 issue of Fujimi Shobo's Dragon Age on April 9)
References
External links
Highschool of the Dead at Fujimi Shobo
Highschool of the Dead
Börk is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
This is Craig Brown is a book by British satirist, Craig Brown.
Books by Craig Brown (satirist)
2004 non-fiction books
Ebury Publishing books
Far Eastern Journal (), also known as Yuandongbao or Oriental Newsor Far East, was a Chinese-language newspaper distributed in Northern Manchuria and is an important primary source of Sino-Russian relations and Manchurian history in the early twentieth century. This paper, financed by the Tsarist government, managed by Russian sinologists, and written by Chinese editors, reflects the intricacies of Sino-Russian rivalry and cooperation in Northeast Asia, which neither side could have predicted.
Launched by Alexander V. Spitsyin (史弼臣) on March 14, 1906, Far Eastern Journal was the first Chinese-language newspaper published in Northern Manchuria, which became the mouthpiece of the Russian invaders to promote their "Far Eastern policy".
Far Eastern Journal was a tool for Russian propaganda and business development, but not limited to this. Its founder and editor-in-chief Alexander V. Spitsyin advocated a progressive agenda that included mutual cooperation between Russian and Chinese societies.
After the October Revolution, when the Beiyang Government of Republic of China gradually withdrew the rights to the Chinese Eastern Railway, Far Eastern Journal was ordered to stop publishing on March 1, 1921.
References
Daily newspapers published in China
Defunct newspapers published in China
Newspapers established in 1906
Publications disestablished in 1921
Ocean of Wisdom (born March 8, 1997) is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse, bred by the Niarchos family, who also bred champion race horses such as Bago, Dream Well, Miesque, Six Perfections and Divine Proportions.
His sire is top stallion Mr. Prospector. Ocean of Wisdom's dam is Coup de Folie, herself a group one winner and dam of three G1 winners in Machiavellian, Exit to Nowhere and Coup de Genie.
During his racing career, Ocean of Wisdom was trained by Pascal Bary and ridden by Cash Asmussen. Ocean of Wisdom was a Group 3 winner as a two-year-old, winning the Prix La Rochette. His racing career ended after five races due to an injury during training, and he was retired to stud at Niarchos family's Haras de Fresnay-le-Buffard, where he continues to stand.
Pedigree
References
Ocean of Wisdom at Haras de Fresnay-le-Buffard,
Ocean of Wisdom's pedigree and racing stats
1997 racehorse births
Thoroughbred family 2-d
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in France
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1938–39 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1938–39
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Östra 1938–39
Division 2 Västra 1938–39
Division 2 Södra 1938–39
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Laurel Fork North Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Greenbrier Ranger District of Monongahela National Forest in West Virginia. The Wilderness protects high-elevation lands along Laurel Fork (Cheat River) and is bordered by Middle Mountain to the west. It is a companion to Laurel Fork South Wilderness, the two being split by Randolph County Route 40. Laurel Fork North contains of hiking trails.
History
The land that now comprises Laurel Fork North Wilderness was once private forestland owned by the Laurel River Lumber Company. The area was first logged by floating the logs down the Laurel Fork, and later by railroad. By 1921, the virgin forestland was fully logged. The U.S. Forest Service acquired the area soon thereafter, adding it to Monongahela National Forest.
Laurel Fork South and Laurel Fork North Wildernesses were designated in 1983 by the Monongahela National Forest, West Virginia, Land Designations law.
See also
Laurel Fork South Wilderness
Laurel Fork
Monongahela National Forest
References
IUCN Category Ib
Monongahela National Forest
Protected areas of Randolph County, West Virginia
Wilderness areas of West Virginia
Protected areas established in 1983
1983 establishments in West Virginia
The 1989–90 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 51st season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Furuset IF won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
1989-90
GET
Marian Palát (born 1 June 1977) is a retired Czech football defender. Previously he played in Russia for FC Luch-Energia Vladivostok. Prior to that he played for FK Mladá Boleslav, helping the club reach the third qualifying round of the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czech First League players
Bohemians 1905 players
FK Mladá Boleslav players
FK Viktoria Žižkov players
FC Luch Vladivostok players
Russian Premier League players
Czech expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Association football defenders
Wenzhou Longwan International Airport is the airport serving the city of Wenzhou in southern Zhejiang Province, China. Formerly called Wenzhou Yongqiang Airport, it adopted the current name on 25 April 2013.
The airport is located southeast of the city. In 2010, Wenzhou airport was the 28th busiest airport in mainland China with 5,326,802 passengers.
History
The airport was opened for civil service on July 12, 1990. The construction cost was RMB 132.5 million dollars and was funded by Wenzhou's municipal government.
Facilities
The airport can handle aircraft as large as the Boeing 767 and Airbus A330. The departure lounge occupies in area. The apron occupies an area of .
New terminal
Construction of the new Terminal 2 officially began on 11 November 2011. It will have an area of 100,000 square meters, four times as big as the existing Terminal 1, and will be able to handle 13 million passengers per year. When completed it will be used exclusively for domestic flights, while Terminal 1 will be converted to a dedicated international terminal. Terminal 2 is the centerpiece of the new Wenzhou Comprehensive Transportation Hub development which also includes a long-distance bus terminal, subway station, as well as commercial real estate.
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
Accidents and incidents
On 20 March 2011 China Eastern Airlines flight MU5577 from Shanghai Hongqiao Airport clipped trees on approach at Longwan Airport.
See also
List of airports in China
List of the busiest airports in China
References
Airports in Zhejiang
Transport in Wenzhou
Airports established in 1990
1990 establishments in China
is a Japanese manga artist best known for her manga series Her first manga, published in 1995, told the tale of an all-boys dorm. However, it wasn't until her 2002 release of ("3 Meters from the Sun") that she truly stepped into the spotlight as a professional manga artist. Since then, she has worked on several series, including ("I'm No Angel!"), King of the Lamp, and Ultimate Venus, all three of which were published in North America by Go! Comi before the imprint shut down in 2010. Takako is also known for her pet pug, Molly, who is mentioned in most of her manga.
Works
, serialized in Princess (2002)
, serialized in Princess (2003–2006)
, serialized in Petit Princess (2004)
, serialized in Princess (2006–2009)
, serialized in Princess (2010–2012)
, serialized in Princess (2012–2013)
References
External links
Japan Expo Sud 2012 interview at Manga News
Female comics writers
Japanese female comics artists
Living people
Manga artists
Women manga artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zhanakala (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Zhanakala. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
Połazie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Omerta is a browser-based text MMORPG that launched in 2003. The player takes control of an American gangster in the 1930s, who must work their way up the ranks of organized crime by stealing cars, committing crimes, breaking people out of prison, and dealing alcohol and narcotics.
Development
Omerta was launched publicly on 26 September 2003 with the first version, now known as Omerta 1.0. This version was written by Moritz Daan in Groningen. During the 16-year run of Omerta, there have been about 38 million player registrations. In January 2008, Omerta moved to a new service provider with 20 servers running the FreeBSD operating system.
In July 2009 version 3.0 of Omerta was released. In the first month after the release more than 100,000 players registered.
Following several intermediate versions, in February 2013 version 4.0 was released with enhanced game-play and a modern graphical style replaced the original frame-based standard web layout.
Version 5.0 has been the current build since 2015.
Gameplay
Omerta is a strategic massively multiplayer online role playing game where players undertake criminal activities to earn money and experience. Each player establishes their own Mafia family, which must compete with other families in a constant struggle for dominance. An important feature in Omerta is the ability to permanently kill the families (and the accounts) of other players, which not only enables successful players to earn more money but also reduces in-game competition. The player's ultimate goal is to become the don of a high-earning Mafia family. Team play and cooperation are essential, and during Omerta'''s lifespan, many durable alliances have come into existence between families.
Set in the 1930s, a time of rampant corruption and lawlessness, Omerta is built around the attainment of status, money, and respect. Players earn points and increase their rank by committing crimes, stealing cars, and busting friends out of jail. More experienced players can also set up organized crime rings, which engage in more profitable crimes such as bank robberies, holdups, and hijackings. Once their family has risen to a certain level of power and stability, the player can expand into illegal rackets such as managing gambling clubs, reselling booze, and even drug dealing. These illicit businesses steadily produce profit and increase the family's overall standing in the criminal underworld.
When setting up their account, the player can choose to either start in a city of the United States or Italy, where the Mafia has deep and lasting roots. Another possible location is Las Vegas, where players can try their luck in mob-run casinos which offer a wide range of slot machines, black-jack games, and even roulette tables.
In a deadly and sometimes cruel world, the player must form partnerships and build alliances, both for protection and shared wealth. Forming an alliance with another family allows players to look out for each other and defend their territories more efficiently. Families are rich, powerful, and can run whole neighborhoods of a city, and while it's usually better to have them as friends, a player's family won't get far if they have to share their power with too many competitors. Families are extremely paranoid and suspicious of each other, and if the player attacks their members, tries to take over their rackets, or infringes on their territory, they will be more than happy to go to war. Players have a number of options to protect themselves from rival families: they can hire bodyguards, purchase getaway cars for a quick escape if attacked, and even wear special "bulletproof" suits.
Business model Omerta is a pioneer of free-to-play games; it does not carry banners or other advertisements and there are no exclusively-paid functions which would give paying-players advantages over those who cannot. From launch Omerta operated a 'click-limit' whereby players paying can view more pages of the game each minute.
Players would request a maximum of eleven webpages per minute, or purchase an unlock-code which raised the click-limit to 40 webpages per minute. A second code might be activated, allowing more message-storage in a player's inbox, a more feature-rich profile page and various other soft, non-advantageous perks. Codes can be purchased via phone and web-based micro-payments, including via PayPal or by using the game's own internal auction tool.
In 2015 this early-web device was retired in favour of a premium content based system wherein players are able to part-automate play while offline, however, the model remains free-to-play owing to the ability to purchase content unlock codes via an in-game market feature called 'oBay'.
IP licensing deal with Kalypso Media
In the summer of 2012, a licensing partnership was agreed with Germany-based game developer Kalypso Media, in order for Kalypso to use Omerta's IP for the PC game Omerta, City of Gangsters. The PC game features a link to Omerta (the web-game) on its index page and on the games's promotional web site. A special flier from Omerta was carried in the box-edition of Omerta, City of Gangsters''.
References
External links
International Omerta
Dutch Omerta
Portuguese Omerta
Turkish Omerta
Omerta Deathmatch
Omerta Wiki
2003 video games
Browser games
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Organized crime video games
Text-based multiplayer online games
Video games developed in the Netherlands
Lapisteride (INN; CS-891) is a dual inhibitor of both isoforms of the enzyme 5α-reductase. It was under investigation for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and androgenic alopecia, but was never marketed.
See also
5α-Reductase inhibitor
References
5α-Reductase inhibitors
Carboxamides
Los Fastidios is an Italian ous! band. It was formed in Verona in 1991, however only one of the original band members remains. Songs of Los Fastidios deal with common life situations, as well as promoting equality, socialism and fight against discrimination. The band is often identified with the SHARP movement.
Since 2009 the band members are:
Enrico (vocals)
Mario (guitar and vocals)
Luca (bass guitar and vocals)
Luca "Dave" (drums and vocals)
Discography
Birra, oi! e divertimento (EP 7" Skooter Rekords, 1994)
Banana e scarponi (EP 7" Skooter Rekords, 1995)
Hasta la baldoria (LP Skooter Rekords, 1996 - CD Repressed by KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records)
Oi! Gio (EP 7" Skooter Rekords, 1997)
Contiamo su di voi! (LP/CD/CS KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 1998)
Radio boots (EP 7" KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2000)
Fetter Skinhead (EP CD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2000)
1991 - 2001 Ten years tattooed on my heart (CD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2001)
Guardo Avanti (LP/CD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records/Jimmy Jazz Records, 2001)
Ora Basta (EP 7"/CD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2003)
La verdadera fuerza de la calle (CD Amp Records Buenos Aires, 2003)
Prawdziwa sila ulicy (CD Jimmy Jazz Records Poland, 2003)
Siempre Contra (LP/CD/CS KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records/Jimmy Jazz Records, 2004)
Sopra e Sotto il palco (live '04) (LP/CD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2005)
On The Road....Siempre Tuor! (DVD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2005)
Rebels 'N' Revels (LP/CD KOB Records, 2006)
Un Calcio ad un Pallone (EP 7"/CD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2006)
Fetter Skinhead in 2007 (EP 7" KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2007)
All´ Arrembaggio (LP/CD KOB Records/Mad Butcher Records, 2009)
Let's do it (LP/CD Kob Records, 2014)
External links
Official page
Italian rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1991
Italian punk rock groups
Street punk groups
Italian anti-fascists
1991 establishments in Italy
Heřmaň (; ) is a municipality and village in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.
History
The first written mention of Lhota, a farmyard which was the predecessor of Heřmaň, is from 1400. The village of Heřmaň was established on its site in 1787.
References
External links
Cities and towns in the Czech Republic
Populated places in České Budějovice District
Greg Windsperger (born December 30, 1951 in Minneapolis) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.
References
1951 births
Living people
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Skiers from Minneapolis
The wild type (WT) is the phenotype of the typical form of a species as it occurs in nature. Originally, the wild type was conceptualized as a product of the standard "normal" allele at a locus, in contrast to that produced by a non-standard, "mutant" allele. "Mutant" alleles can vary to a great extent, and even become the wild type if a genetic shift occurs within the population. Continued advancements in genetic mapping technologies have created a better understanding of how mutations occur and interact with other genes to alter phenotype. It is now appreciated that most or all gene loci exist in a variety of allelic forms, which vary in frequency throughout the geographic range of a species, and that a uniform wild type does not exist. In general, however, the most prevalent allele – i.e., the one with the highest gene frequency – is the one deemed wild type.
The concept of wild type is useful in some experimental organisms such as fruit flies Drosophila melanogaster, in which the standard phenotypes for features such as eye color or wing shape are known to be altered by particular mutations that produce distinctive phenotypes, such as "white eyes" or "vestigial wings". Wild-type alleles are indicated with a "+" superscript, for example w+ and vg+ for red eyes and full-size wings, respectively. Manipulation of the genes behind these traits led to the current understanding of how organisms form and how traits mutate within a population. Research involving the manipulation of wild-type alleles has application in many fields, including fighting disease and commercial food production.
Medical applications
The genetic sequence for wild-type versus "mutant" phenotypes and how these genes interact in expression is the subject of much research. Better understanding of these processes is hoped to bring about methods for preventing and curing diseases that are currently incurable such as infection with the herpes virus. One example of such promising research in these fields was the study done examining the link between wild-type mutations and certain types of lung cancer. Research is also being done dealing with the manipulation of certain wild-type traits in viruses to develop new vaccines. This research may lead to new ways to combat deadly viruses such as the Ebola virus and HIV. Research using wild-type mutations is also being done to establish how viruses transition between species to identify harmful viruses with the potential to infect humans.
Commercial applications
Selective breeding to enhance the most beneficial traits is the structure upon which agriculture is built, this expedited the evolution process to make crop plants and animals larger and more disease resistant. Genetic manipulation went further. Genetic alteration of plants leads to not only larger crop production, but also more nutritious products, allowing isolated populations to receive vital vitamins and minerals that would otherwise be unavailable to them. Utilization of these wild-type mutations has also led to plants capable of growing in extremely arid environments, making more of the planet habitable than ever before. As more is understood about these genes, agriculture will continue to become a more efficient process, which will be relied upon to sustain a continually growing population. Amplification of advantageous genes allows the best traits in a population to be present at much higher percentages than normal, although this practice has been the subject of some ethical debate. These changes have also been the reason behind certain plants and animals being almost unrecognizable when compared to their ancestral lines.
See also
Genotype
Phenotype
Crop wild relative
References
External links
"Absence of the wild-type allele" – Pediatrics
"Genetically-spliced bacteria may benefit agriculture" – Sarasota Herald-Tribune
"Reading of DNA allows creation of synthetic vaccines" – Star News
"A Curious Clue in Cats" – Newsday
"A Genetically Engineered Agriculture Revolution?" – The Telegraph
"Wild Type Learning Activity"
"Wild-Type vs. Mutant"
Classical genetics
Lubiczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stare Babice, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
As of 2010, the village has a population of 78.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Shomwa "Shom" Shamapande is a political and business consultant and strategist, who has worked in government affairs, media/communications and Democratic politics. In 1998, he served as an adviser to the South African Center for Human Rights in Pretoria. Shamapande was a Senior Adviser to Bill Lynch, former deputy mayor of New York City and Vice Chairman of the Democratic National Party and as a legislative fellow for Congressman Charles B. Rangel of Manhattan. Shomwa has also served as a communications and government adviser for the Campaign for Better Schools, the Democratic National Committee, and the United Nations Commission on Legal Empowerment of the Poor.
Shamapande has been the Communications Director for several political campaigns including the campaign of Dennis Mehiel, who was the 2002 Democratic Nominee for Lt. Governor of New York State. Shamapande worked as the Southern Nevada Field Director for the 2008 SEIU Obama for America Presidential Campaign under the campaign's Political Director Patrick Gaspard.
In 2005, Shamapande was appointed to the board of the United Nations Association New York City chapter.
Legal trouble
In August 2005, Shamapande, while working under an aide to Nassau County Executive Thomas Suozzi, was charged with filing time-sheets for work he did not perform and taking roughly $12,000 in unearned wages.
Shamapande, who had worked previously in statewide and national Democratic campaigns, argued during the trial that he was involved in the early stages of County Executive Thomas Suozzi's run for governor including setting up a meeting with political consultant Bill Lynch, attending strategy meetings during the 2004 Democratic National Convention, and writing a "Fix Albany" campaign strategy memo for Mr. Suozzi's "Fix Albany" campaign. Shamapande's legal team argued, that the duties performed by Mr. Shamapande - while legal - could be politically embarrassing to County Executive Suozzi because they showed that Suozzi was spending a considerable amount of time and resources preparing to run for governor. Shamapande's attorney, Domonick Porco, argued that, "Shamapande, who had worked as a political consultant for state and national Democrats, was hired in 2003 to provide political assistance to Suozzi, then eying a run for governor," and his time-sheets were filed in that context. Mr. Porco contended further that, "Shamapande's county work was no different in 2005 than in 2004."
Shamapande's defense didn't call a single witness. Dominic Porco commented to Newsday, "This case was clearly politically motivated - anyone in the courtroom saw that. The prosecution wasn't even close to meeting its burden, so I felt no need to call any witnesses."
On February 25, 2006, Thomas Suozzi announced that he was challenging then-Attorney General Eliot Spitzer for the Democratic nomination for governor of New York State. During his announcement speech, he pledged to "fix the culture of Albany."
On December 2, 2006, after a week and a half of testimony, a Nassau county jury deliberated for less than one hour and found that the one-time Nassau County consultant "did not file false instruments nor defraud county taxpayers."
After the trial, Shamapande commented, "I am gratified that the jury returned a verdict so quickly, and that they understood what I went through -- not just during this trial but during this process."
In a 2012 interview, Shamapande remarked, "After being charged with a crime, I can tell you, I looked guilty...and I had to shut up and listen to my attorney because you don't want to tip off your best defense and hurt your own case."
Personal life
Shomwa Shamapande is the son of Zambian 2001 presidential candidate Yobert Shamapande.
Shamapande is an Adjunct Professor at Howard University and was credited as a producer on an Emmy-winning public service announcement.
References
American political consultants
American lobbyists
New York (state) Democrats
Political staffers
Living people
School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tollnes Ballklubb is a Norwegian football club located in Skien. It currently plays in the Norwegian Third Division.
It was a member of Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund before the Second World War.
Recent history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
!
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!Notes
|-
|2000
|D2
|align=right |5
|align=right|22||align=right|11||align=right|4||align=right|7
|align=right|51||align=right|35||align=right|37
|3rd round
||
|-
|2001
|D2
|align=right bgcolor=gold|1
|align=right|26||align=right|14||align=right|8||align=right|4
|align=right|73||align=right|47||align=right|50
|1st round
||Promoted to 1. Division
|-
|2002
|D1
|align=right bgcolor=red|16
|align=right|30||align=right|6||align=right|1||align=right|23
|align=right|37||align=right|92||align=right|19
|2nd round
||Relegated to 2. Division
|-
|2003
|D2
|align=right |4
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|9||align=right|6
|align=right|53||align=right|45||align=right|42
|1st round
||
|-
|2004
|D2
|align=right|4
|align=right|26||align=right|16||align=right|2||align=right|8
|align=right|68||align=right|42||align=right|50
|2nd round
||
|-
|2005
|D2
|align=right|7
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|4||align=right|11
|align=right|49||align=right|46||align=right|37
|1st round
||
|-
|2006
|D2
|align=right bgcolor=red|12
|align=right|26||align=right|7||align=right|5||align=right|14
|align=right|31||align=right|59||align=right|26
|1st round
||Relegated to 3. Division
|-
|2007
|D3
|align=right bgcolor=gold|1
|align=right|22||align=right|17||align=right|2||align=right|3
|align=right|71||align=right|20||align=right|53
|1st round
|
|-
|2008
|D3
|align=right |7
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|3||align=right|12
|align=right|63||align=right|70||align=right|36
||2nd qualifying round
|
|-
|2009
|D3
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|2||align=right|11
|align=right|81||align=right|55||align=right|41
||1st qualifying round
||
|-
|2010
|D3
|align=right |4
|align=right|26||align=right|17||align=right|3||align=right|6
|align=right|89||align=right|41||align=right|54
|1st round
|
|-
|2011
|D3
|align=right |10
|align=right|24||align=right|8||align=right|4||align=right|12
|align=right|60||align=right|86||align=right|28
||1st qualifying round
|
|-
|2012
|D3
|align=right |9
|align=right|26||align=right|10||align=right|3||align=right|13
|align=right|47||align=right|55||align=right|33
||1st qualifying round
|
|}
External links
Tollnes Stadion - Nordic Stadiums
References
Official website
Football clubs in Norway
Association football clubs established in 1932
Sport in Skien
1932 establishments in Norway
Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund
Sunil Kumar Singh is an Indian politician business person and social worker. He is serving as a Member of Bihar Legislative Assembly from Bhore Vidhansabha. He is member of Janata Dal (United), political party. Sunil won Bihar Assembly Elections 2020 from Bhore Vidhansabha (Scheduled Caste) comes under Gopalganj district of Bihar State.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Marie-Agnès Letrouit-Galinou (née Galinou, born 1931) is a French botanist, mycologist, and lichenologist, known for her contribution to revolutionizing the scientific understanding of ascomycete development and classification.
Education and career
After secondary education at the in Rennes, Marie-Agnès Galinou graduated in 1951 with her undergraduate degree from the Faculty des Sciences of the University of Rennes. She married in the mid-1950s and changed her surname to Letrouit-Galinou. She received in 1958 her doctorate from the University of Paris with a doctoral thesis on the comparative anatomy and ontogeny of discolichen ascomata, i.e. those lichenized ascomycetes in which the fruiting body has a rounded or oval shape like a disc. Her doctoral supervisor was Marius Chadefaud. David L. Hawksworth refers her as one of Chadefaud's "gang of four" — consisting of her with André Bellèmere, Marie-Claude Janex-Favre, and Agnès Jarguey-Leduc. Under Chadefaud's influence, the four showed that "the then dominating Nannfeldt-Luttrell views of ascomycete development and classification were unsound." By the mid-1970s electron microscopic studies confirmed their research.
In the early part of her career she worked at Rennes with Henry Nicollon des Abbayes and was strongly influenced by him in her study of lichen systematics and ecology. She published in 1958 an outstanding monograph on the genus Laurera. Later in her career she did research on the effects of air pollution on lichens and stimulated other French lichenologists to do such research. She worked in Paris for the CNRS for many years.
In 1976 she was one of the main founders of the Association Française de Lichénologie, served as the Association's first vice-president, and then served as the Association's second president from 1978 to 1980. In 1993 she worked closely with David L. Hawksworth in planning NATO's Advanced Research Workshop on "Ascomycete Systematics" held in Paris. The Workshop was a big success with 140 researchers from 24 countries. At the "Ascomycete Systematics" Workshop the lichenological "gang of four" presented a summary of their now famous results and the concepts introduced by Chadefaud.
Letrouit-Galinou not only promoted lichenology in France, but also did her research with extremely limited financial resources. She and her collaborators had to work with quite inexpensive microscopes. The three women of the "gang of four" painted the walls of their laboratory because they had no funds to hire professional wall painters. When she retired in August 1999 from the CNRS, she donated her library to the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle.
Selected publications
Eponyms
Family
Letrouitiaceae Bellem. & Hafellner (1982)
Genus
Letrouitia Bellem. & Hafellner (1982)
References
External links
1931 births
Living people
20th-century French women scientists
21st-century French women scientists
French lichenologists
French mycologists
University of Rennes alumni
University of Paris alumni
CNRS scientists
Acharius Medal recipients
Chasing The Rise is a Lithuanian metalcore band from Vilnius, Lithuania, formed in 2012. The band released their debut EP "The Dawn" in 2013, and the follow-up EP "Chapters" in 2016.
History
Chasing The Rise was formed in 2012. Their debut EP "The Dawn" was the first Lithuanian metalcore official release. It was followed by the 2014 single "Internal Fight", with the accompanying music video. In 2016 the band released their second EP "Chapters", which was mixed and mastered by Andreas Magnusson. Two music videos were released from the EP - "Sleeper Awakens" and "Maybe It's Just Me".
Musical style
Chasing The Rise is primarily a metalcore band, while also mixing it with traces of melodic death metal, and more recently with progressive metal on the "Chapters" EP.
Members
Current
Vytis Gontis - Vocals (2012–present)
Remigijus Juškėnas - Guitar (2012–present)
Edgaras Kolomiecas - Guitar (2012–present)
Andrej Chatkevič - Bass guitar (2015–present)
Tomas Urbanavičius - Drums (2016–present)
Former
Edvardas Rogoža - Bass guitar (2012 - 2015)
Laisvis Norbutas - Drums (2012 - 2014)
References
Lithuanian musical groups
Metalcore musical groups
Geoffrey Ernest Stedman (born 1943) is a New Zealand physicist, with research interests including the foundations of relativity, symmetry in quantum mechanics, and ring lasers.
Born in 1943, Stedman attended the University of Canterbury, graduating with a BSc(Hons) in physics in 1965. He subsequently went to Queen Mary College, University of London, where he completed his PhD under Douglas Newman in 1968. After post-doctoral research, also at Queen Mary, Stedman returned to lecture at Canterbury in 1971. He retired in 2003 and was granted the title of emeritus professor.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand in 1989, and in 1994 he won the society's Hector Medal. He won the Canterbury Research Medal in 2001.
Selected works
Stedman, G. E. "Ring-laser tests of fundamental physics and geophysics." Reports on progress in physics 60, no. 6 (1997): 615.
Pancha, Aasha, T. H. Webb, G. E. Stedman, D. P. McLeod, and K. U. Schreiber. "Ring laser detection of rotations from teleseismic waves." Geophysical Research Letters 27, no. 21 (2000): 3553–3556.
Rowe, Clive H., Ulrich K. Schreiber, Steven J. Cooper, B. Tom King, Morrie Poulton, and Geoffrey E. Stedman. "Design and operation of a very large ring laser gyroscope." Applied optics 38, no. 12 (1999): 2516–2523.
Schreiber, Ulrich K., Clive H. Rowe, Douglas N. Wright, Steven J. Cooper, and Geoffrey E. Stedman. "Precision stabilization of the optical frequency in a large ring laser gyroscope." Applied optics 37, no. 36 (1998): 8371–8381.
References
External links
Google Scholar
Institutional homepage
1943 births
Living people
University of Canterbury alumni
Alumni of Queen Mary University of London
New Zealand physicists
University of Canterbury faculty
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
20th-century New Zealand scientists
21st-century New Zealand scientists
Huiguan Township () is a township-level division situated in Anqing, Anhui, China.
See also
List of township-level divisions of Anhui
References
Township-level divisions of Anhui
Anqing
Taphrina is a fungal genus within the Ascomycota that causes leaf and catkin curl diseases and witch's brooms of certain flowering plants. One of the more commonly observed species causes peach leaf curl. Taphrina typically grow as yeasts during one phase of their life cycles, then infect plant tissues in which typical hyphae are formed, and ultimately they form a naked layer of asci on the deformed, often brightly pigmented surfaces of their hosts. No discrete fruit body is formed outside of the gall-like or blister-like tissues of the hosts. The asci form a layer lacking paraphyses, and they lack croziers. The ascospores frequently bud into multiple yeast cells within the asci. Phylogenetically, Taphrina is a member of a basal group within the Ascomycota, and type genus for the subphylum Taphrinomycotina, the class Taphrinomycetes, and order Taphrinales.
Species
Taphrina alni (Berk. & Broome) Gjaerum
Taphrina aurea (Pers.) Fr.
Taphrina betulina Rostr.
Taphrina bullata (Berkeley) Tulasne
Taphrina caerulescens (Desmaz. & Mont.) Tul.
Taphrina coryli
Taphrina deformans (Berk.) Tul.
Taphrina entomospora Thaxter
Taphrina faulliana Mix
Taphrina filicina Rostr.
Taphrina hiratsukae Nishida
Taphrina johansonii Sadebeck
Taphrina maculans Butler
Taphrina padi (Jacz.) Mix
Taphrina piri
Taphrina polystichi Mix
Taphrina populina (Fr. ex Fr.) Fr.
Taphrina potentillae (Farl.) Johans.
Taphrina pruni Tul.
Taphrina sadebeckii Johans.
Taphrina tosquinetii (WestendD.) Magnus
Taphrina ulmi (Fuckel) Johans.
Taphrina wiesneri (Rathay) Mix
Footnotes
References
Broad leaf plant diseases in Canada (BC)- leaf spot example of Taphrina
Biology of fungi - microphoto of Taphrina
Witches Broom image
Palaeos "Introduction to the Ascomycota"
The Oregon Coalition of Interdisciplinary Databases: "Archiascomycetes: Early Diverging Ascomycetes"
Taphrinomycetes
Ascomycota genera
Taxa named by Elias Magnus Fries
Taxa described in 1815
John Emaimo (born 18 June 1966) is currently serving his second term as the rector of Federal School of Dental Technology & Therapy, Enugu, Nigeria (the only college of its kind in Nigeria that trains dental technologists, dental therapists and dental nurses).
Education
John Emaimo had his secondary education at Comprehensive Secondary School, Nnung Obong, Akwa Ibom from 1979 to 1984, where he received the West African Examinations Council certificate in 1984. He then obtained a professional certificate in dental technology from the School of Medical Sciences, Ojo-Lagos (1987-1991, and a first degree in public administration from Ambrose Alli University). He currently holds two master's degrees, in social work and public administration from Lagos State University, Ojo-Lagos (1987-1991). and Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Ogbomosho, respectively and a PhD in Social work from the University of Jos, Jos. He has several other professional and executive certificates from other universities, notably a Certificate in International Health Consulting from the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine.
Career
He worked in the early stage of his career as a dental technologist at the 3rd Division (Nigeria) Medical Centre, Jos and became the head of Dental Technology Services in Abuja. Afterwards he began a lecturing career at the Institute of Development Administrations; a moderated Centre of University of Ibadan Distance Learning Centre as a lecturer II and grew along the ranks at the Institute of Development Administration/Distance Learning Centre, University of Ibadan and was appointed Rector of the Federal School of Dental Technology & Therapy Nigeria, in 2016 - a position he currently occupies.
He won the Most Outstanding and Best Performed Rector of Federal Polytechnics in Nigeria for the Year 2019 and the Ahmadu Bello Distinguished Leadership Award (Northern Youth Council of Nigeria) in the same year.
Professional bodies
Fellow, Institute of Development Administration of Nigeria
Fellow, Institute of Social Work of Nigeria.
Fellow, Institute of Healthcare Management of Nigeria
Fellow, Institute of Corporate Administration of Nigeria .
References
Living people
Nigerian academic administrators
University of Ibadan alumni
Nigerian academics
1966 births
William Seward Burroughs I (January 28, 1857 – September 14, 1898) was an American inventor born in Rochester, New York.
Life and career
Personal life
Burroughs was the son of a mechanic and worked with machines throughout his childhood. While he was still a small boy, his parents moved to Auburn, New York, where he and his brothers were educated in the public school system.
He married his wife, Ida (née Selover) in 1879. They had two sons and two daughters: Jennie, Horace, Mortimer (father of William S. Burroughs II), and Helen.
Inventor
In 1875, he started working as a clerk in a bank. Much of his job consisted of long hours reviewing ledgers for errors. At this time, Burroughs became interested in developing an adding machine. At the bank, there had been a number of prototypes, but in inexperienced users' hands, they would sometimes give incorrect and even outrageously wrong answers. Burroughs' did not find his clerical work agreeable, as he was fond of, and talented, with mechanics. After seven years working as a clerk at the bank, he resigned.
In the early 1880s, Burroughs was advised by a doctor to move to an area with a warmer climate; he moved to St. Louis, Missouri where he obtained a job in the Boyer Machine Shop. These new surroundings, which appealed to him more, hastened the development of an idea he had already, of an adding machine. His new job gave him the opportunity to build his prototype of the adding machine. Accuracy was the foundation of his work. He made his design drawings on metal plates, to prevent distortion.
Burroughs filed his first patent, for the invention of a "calculating machine" in 1885. It was designed to ease the monotony of clerical arithmetic. By 1890, the machines were well known in the banking industry, and adoption was spreading.
Company founder
Burroughs founded the American Arithmometer Company in 1886. After his death, partner John Boyer renamed the business, calling it the Burroughs Adding Machine Company, from 1904 onward.
He was awarded the Franklin Institute's John Scott Legacy Medal shortly before his death. He was posthumously inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. He was the grandfather of Beat Generation writer William S. Burroughs and great-grandfather of William S. Burroughs Jr., who was also a writer.
Burroughs also received a patent for an electric alarm clock in 1892.
He died in Citronelle, Mobile County, Alabama and was interred in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri.
Patents
Calculating-machine. Filed January 1885, issued August 1888.
Calculating-machine. Filed August 1885, issued August 1888.
Calculating-machine. Filed March 1886, issued August 1888.
Calculating-machine. Filed November 1887, issued August 1888.
Electric alarm clock. Issued February 1892.
Calculating machine. Issued week ending September 5, 1893
References
External links
Burroughs Corporation Records Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis. Collection contains the records of the Burroughs Corporation, and its predecessors the American Arithmometer Company and Burroughs Adding Machine Company.
William S. Burroughs biography and science resources at The Franklin Institute's Case Files online exhibit
Burroughs Adding Machine Burroughs Registering Accountant at The Franklin Institute.
American manufacturing businesspeople
19th-century American inventors
American people of English descent
Businesspeople from Rochester, New York
William S. Burroughs
1857 births
1898 deaths
Burials at Bellefontaine Cemetery
Burroughs Corporation
American technology company founders
Burroughs Corporation people
Rotel Tours is a tour operator that specializes in overlanding via "rolling hotels", custom built buses in which guests also sleep. The buses can sleep 24-34 guests, a driver and a tour guide. Guests ride in front during the day, and then move to a triple deck of berths in the rear at night.
The company is a subsidiary of Georg Höltl GmBH & Co. KK, based in Tittling, Bavaria, Germany.
The company offers tours on 6 continents.
History
Rotel Tours was founded in 1945 by Georg Höltl.
The company was originally called "Internationale Begegnungsfahrten" ("international encounter trips"). In 1965, 52,000 people traveled via the company. In 1966, the company offered a two-and-a-half-month journey across India as well as pilgrimage trips to Israel.
In 1969, the company operated one of the first tours to cross the Sahara Desert.
References
External links
Adventure travel
Companies based in Bavaria
Transport companies established in 1945
Travel and holiday companies of Germany
1945 establishments in Germany
Beldibi is a village in the District of Kemer, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Gallery
References
Villages in Kemer District
James Cuffe (1707 – 20 March 1762), of Elmhall and Ballinrobe, was an Irish landowner in County Mayo.
He was the son of Gerald Cuffe, who built Elmhall and his wife Dorothy Wynne, and grandson of Sir James Cuffe, who was granted the lands of Ballinrobe in 1667. On 30 April 1731 he married Elizabeth, daughter of Sir Arthur Gore, 2nd Baronet and Elizabeth Annesley; they were the parents of James Cuffe, 1st Baron Tyrawley and six other children.
In 1742 Cuffe succeeded his father-in-law as Member of Parliament for County Mayo in the Irish House of Commons, sitting until 1760.
References
http://www.landedestates.ie/LandedEstates/jsp/estate-show.jsp?id=47
https://web.archive.org/web/20090601105535/http://www.leighrayment.com/commons/irelandcommons.htm
http://thepeerage.com/p33260.htm#i332596
1707 births
1762 deaths
People from County Mayo
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Mayo constituencies
BJ's Restaurants, Inc. is an American restaurant chain, headquartered in Huntington Beach, California. Some locations feature microbreweries that supply beer to other locations in the chain. The chain operates under the names BJ's Restaurant & Brewery, BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse, BJ's Grill, and BJ's Pizza & Grill. BJ's menu features pizza, its own beers, appetizers, entrees, pastas, sandwiches, salads, and desserts.
History
BJ's was founded in 1978 and first opened in Santa Ana, California, as BJ's Chicago Pizzeria by Jim Kozen and Leonard Allenstein. The original name was BJ Grunts but due to a Federal Trademark conflict with RJ Grunts a Chicago based hamburger shop the name was changed. Shortly after the opening of the first restaurant Mike Phillips and Bill Cunningham bought 50% of the company for $14,000. Kozen and Allenstein left the group after the opening of the 7th store. Phillips and Cunningham sold their company to their accountants Paul Motenko and Jerry Hennessy in 1991.
By 1996, seven restaurants had opened between San Diego and Los Angeles. Originally known as Chicago Pizza, the company went public about 1996, raising $9.4 million. The company then bought 26 Pietros Pizza restaurants in March 1996 in a $2.8 million deal in cash and assumed debt, but then sold off seven of the locations with plans to convert the remaining Pietro's to what was then BJ's Pizza. During the same year, the company opened a microbrewery at its Brea restaurant.
Between 2010 and 2011, the National Retail Federation named it as one of the 10 fastest growing restaurants in the U.S. based on year-over-year sales.
In October 2012, Greg Trojan became president and CEO.
In 2013, BJ's produced a combined total of 60,000 barrels annually at their 11 brewery restaurants to serve their chain of 136 restaurants in 15 states. In 2010, the company's BJ's Hefelightzen was awarded a gold medal at the Great American Beer Festival.
Operations
, BJ's operated 210 restaurants in 28 states:
Alabama
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Indiana
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Nevada
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Virginia
Washington
Wisconsin (Coming Soon as of July 2022)
Awards and recognition
Some of the company's beers have been awarded gold and silver medals at various beer brewing competitions throughout the world.
References
External links
1978 establishments in California
Restaurants in California
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Restaurants established in 1978
Restaurant chains in the United States
Companies based in Huntington Beach, California
American companies established in 1978
Bobola Zangasso is a village and the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune of Zanfigué in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Ron "Thunderwood" Underwood is a musician and director from Phoenix, Arizona. He was the lead vocalist for Los Angeles-based bands 9ELECTRIC and Opiate For The Masses.
Music career
Underwood founded Opiate for the Masses, a post-hardcore band from Arizona in 1999. They formed in Phoenix by Underwood, Elias Mallin, Dustin Lyon and Jim Kaufman. The meaning of their name came from the Karl Marx quote that says the organized religion is an opiate for oppressed countries and cultures. In June 2009, they posted on their MySpace page that they had broken up and gone their separate ways.
In 2010, the band 9ELECTRIC was formed by Underwood, Mikey Lopez, Micah Electric, and Casey DC. They were signed to Another Century Records.
In 2014, they released their EP "Control."
In July 2016, they released their debut album "The Damaged Ones"
In September 2018, Ron announced via Facebook (supported by bravewords.com) that they had signed a deal with Pavement Entertainment and expect to release their new album 'Megalith' early 2019.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Musicians from Phoenix, Arizona
American rock musicians
Alan Hignett (born 1 November 1946) is an English former professional footballer who played as a full back in The Football League with Liverpool and Chester.
Playing career
Hignett progressed through the youth ranks with Liverpool, signing a professional contract in November 1963. He also represented England Schoolboys during his early years at the club.
His solitary first-team appearance for the Reds came in the final league game of the 1964–65 season, helping Liverpool to a 3–1 First Division victory at Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Hignett remained at Anfield the following season without adding to his appearance tally. In August 1966 he became the third Liverpool player – after John Bennett and John Sealey – to make a summer free transfer switch to Chester. He made his debut on 10 September 1966 in a 3–0 defeat by Crewe Alexandra and played in six successive games in the number three shirt. The last of these was a 3–1 loss to Wrexham on 8 October 1966.
This was to be his last professional appearance in England as Hignett moved to Australia and played football for several years in New South Wales.
External links
Liverpool FC player history profile
Article on players to play for Chester and Liverpool
References
1946 births
Living people
English footballers
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Liverpool F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
Footballers from Liverpool
Neofetch is a system information tool for many systems running the Bash shell. On the left side is always a logo of the distribution, rendered in ASCII art. There is no refresh like the ability of a system monitor because the intended purpose are screenshots.
Example screenshots
Other implementations
afetch, written in ANSI C
CoalFetch, a one-liner program in Java
efetch, written in C++
nerdfetch, fetch script using Nerd Fonts
nextfetch, written in Go
Pasfetch, written in Pascal
perlfetch, written in Perl
pfetch, written in Bourne scripting language
rfetch, written in Rust
screenFetch, written in 2010
swef, written in Lua
ufetch, single script for each platform
References
External links
A subreddit dedicated to Fetches
List of Fetches
Console applications
Cross-platform free software
Joseph Pease (22 June 1799 – 8 February 1872) was a British proponent and supporter of the earliest public railway system in the world and was the first Quaker permitted to take his seat in Parliament.
Life
Joseph Pease joined his father Edward and other members of the Pease family in starting the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company. In 1826 he married Emma Gurney, the youngest daughter of Joseph Gurney of Norwich. They had twelve children, amongst whom, were Sir Joseph Whitwell Pease, his eldest son and Arthur Pease (1837-1898), who was his fourth son. Joseph's fifth child, Elizabeth Lucy Pease, married the agricultural engineer and inventor, John Fowler, a pioneer in the application of steam power to agriculture.
In 1829, Pease was managing the Stockton and Darlington Railway, in place of his father. In 1830, he bought a sufficient number of the collieries in the area, to become the largest owner of collieries in South Durham. That same year, along with his father-in-law Joseph Gurney of Norfolk, and other Quaker businessmen, they bought a large tract of land at Middlesbrough, which they projected as a port for exporting coal. In December 1830, a new railway line was opened on the Stockton and Darlington railway, to Middlesbrough, for transporting the coal to the new port. In addition to collieries, he was interested in quarries and ironstone mines in Durham and North Yorkshire, as well as in cotton and woollen manufactures, and he was active in educational and philanthropic work.
In 1832, Pease was elected Member of Parliament for South Durham. As a Quaker, he was not immediately allowed to take his seat, because he refused to take the oath of office. A special committee considered the question and decided that Pease could affirm, rather than swear and thus, he was allowed to take his seat in Parliament, the first Quaker so to do. He was also unusual, in that, like most Quakers of the day, he refused to remove his hat, even when he entered the House of Commons.
Pease introduced as a bill the Cruelty to Animals Act 1835, being a member of the committee of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The law was passed in part due to lobbying by the Society (founded 1824, since 1840 the RSPCA). The 1835 Act amended the existing legislation to prohibit the keeping of premises for the purpose of staging the baiting of bulls, dogs, bears, badgers or "other Animal (whether of domestic or wild Nature or Kind)". The Act also banned (but failed to eradicate) dog fighting and cockfighting.
Pease supported the Whig governments of Earl Grey and Lord Melbourne. He joined Thomas Fowell Buxton in the anti-slavery movement. He supported the removal of bishops from the House of Lords. He was also in favour of shorter Parliaments and the secret ballot. He retired from politics in 1841.
In 1860, Pease became the president of the Peace Society, a post he held until his death.
He wrote a poem in praise of Newington Academy for Girls, founded by Quaker scientist and abolitionist, William Allen.
Like his father before him, he is buried at the Friends Burial Ground, Skinnergate, Darlington, County Durham.
A statue to Joseph Pease stands at the junction of High Row and Bondgate, in the centre of Darlington. It was unveiled in 1875, to mark the golden jubilee of the opening of the Stockton and Darlington Railway.
Joseph Pease also paid for the building of the Clock Tower in Darlington as a gift to Darlington.
See also
List of political families in the United Kingdom
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20050310035249/http://www.interactivitiesink.com/larps/brassy/parliament.shtml
http://www.spartacus-educational.com/REpease.htm
Joseph Pease Statue, High Row, Darlington
Statue of Joseph Pease
Darlington Quaker Photographs
People of the Industrial Revolution
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
English Quakers
Joseph
People from Darlington
People from County Durham
Politics of Darlington
1799 births
1872 deaths
Stockton and Darlington Railway
19th-century English businesspeople
Bite Club may refer to:
Bite Club (comics), a Vertigo comic book mini series created by Howard Chaykin and David Tischman
Bite Club (TV series), an Australian crime thriller television series
The 2012 season was Gangwon FC's fourth season in the K-League in South Korea. Gangwon FC will be competing in K-League and Korean FA Cup.
Current squad
Out on loan
Transfer
In
Out
Coaching staff
To 1 July 2012
From 18 July 2012
Match results
K-League
All times are Korea Standard Time (KST) – UTC+9
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Korean FA Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances
Statistics accurate as of match played 1 December 2012
Goals and assists
Discipline
References
Gangwon FC
Gangwon FC seasons
Phillip Daniel Nagle (21 August 1921 – 8 July 1993) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Nagle, a rover, was recruited from Collingwood CYMS. He made seven appearances for Richmond in the 1941 VFL season, including the club's semi-final loss to Essendon, then did not play for the next four seasons due to the Second World War. When Nagle returned in the opening round of the 1946 season, he was reported for striking Fitzroy player Noel Price. He was able to play against North Melbourne the following week, but then received his punishment, a four-game suspension. It was not until round 10 that he made his way back into the team and he finished the year with eight appearances. He then captain-coached Echuca Football League club Deniliquin in 1947. They finished runners-up to Echuca that year.
References
1921 births
1993 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Richmond Football Club players
Lough Yganavan and Lough Nambrackdarrig (Irish: Loch Gaineamháin agus Loch na mBreac Dearg) are two lakes of ecological importance in County Kerry, Ireland. In 1988, Lough Nambrackdarrig and the southern half of Lough Yganavan were designated as National Nature Reserves (areas in ha: 3.9 & 25.3). Since 1998, the lakes have been included in a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) of , which protects land in private ownership and the two state-owned nature reserves. The habitats in the SAC include fixed dunes, a type of machair.
Fauna
The SAC is one of a small number of areas in which the rare Kerry Slug and Natterjack Toad are found.
References
Yganavan and Nambrackdarrig
Protected areas of County Kerry
Protected areas established in 1988
Special Areas of Conservation in the Republic of Ireland
Nature reserves in the Republic of Ireland
The Turbinenhalle is a music and cultural venue on Mülheimerstraße in Oberhausen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The complex opened in 1909 to generate power to the Gutehoffnungshütte coal and steel engineering company which was based in Oberhausen until 1986.
After a number of years derelict, the building was reopened as a disco in 1993 and has since evolved into one of the largest venues in the surrounding area. The complex consists of numerous rooms of varying sizes. The largest room is Turbinenhalle 1 with a capacity of approximately 1,500 - followed by Turbinenhalle 2 which fits approximately 1,100. There are also three nightclubs on site - T-Club, Steffy and COSMO.
The Turbinenhalle is situated on the Duisburg–Dortmund railway and is a stop on the Ruhrpott Industrial Heritage Trail.
Events and Acts
Several international and domestic acts have performed at the Turbinenhalle including:
The Turbinenhalle is also a regular venue for Essen-based professional wrestling promotion Westside Xtreme Wrestling.
References
Music venues in Germany
Oberhausen
Buildings and structures in Oberhausen
Jury Govt Model High School is a secondary school in Juri town, Juri Upazila, Moulvibazar District, Sylhet Division, Bangladesh. It was established in 1930. Classes are from 6 to 10. The total number of students is about 2200. Teaching staff is about 36. Sitangshu Shekar Das is Headmaster.
See also
Education in Bangladesh
References
Educational institutions established in 1994
High schools in Bangladesh
1994 establishments in Bangladesh
Schools in Moulvibazar District
Juri Upazila
Fearn may refer to:
Fearn, Highland, a small hamlet near Hill of Fearn
Fearn railway station, serving the two
RNAS Fearn (HMS Owl), a Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm base, active 1941–1957
Fearn (letter), the third letter of the Ogham alphabet, as named in Irish
Fearn Abbey, Ross-shire, Scotland
Hill of Fearn, a village in Easter Ross, Scotland
People
Amy Fearn (born 1977), English football referee
John Fearn (disambiguation)
Sir Robin Fearn (1934–2006), British diplomat
Ronnie Fearn, Baron Fearn (1931–2022), British politician
Sheila Fearn (born 1940), British actress
Thomas Fearn (1789–1863), American Confederate politician
Walker Fearn (1832–1899), American diplomat
See also
Fern (disambiguation)
Jaya Prakash Nagar is a metro station on the Green Line of the Namma Metro serving the J. P. Nagar area of Bangalore, India. It was opened to the public on 18 June 2017.
History
Station layout
Facilities
List of available ATM at Jayaprakash Nagar metro station are
Connections
Entry/exits
See also
References
External links
Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd. (Official site)
UrbanRail.Net – descriptions of all metro systems in the world, each with a schematic map showing all stations.
Namma Metro stations
Railway stations in India opened in 2017
2017 establishments in Karnataka
Railway stations in Bangalore
Indian Bay (Parsons Point) is located in Newfoundland, Canada.
Geography
Situated on the northwest arm of Bonavista Bay, Indian Bay was until the late 19th century the only mainland community located between Salvage and Greenspond.
History
Records show that Indian Bay was the only inhabited settlement in that region that was connected to the mainland part of the Island of Newfoundland until the 19th century. It was also known as Northwest Arm, and later for a period of time, as Parson's Point, after the surname of its first English settlers. Europeans first came to Indian Bay in the 18th century to fish for salmon. In 1720 George Skeffington was salmon fishing there and by 1786 there were eight salmon operations in the area. Permanent settlement began after 1800. The 1836 Census of Newfoundland records Indian Bay as having a population of five, William Parsons and his family. The population was slow in growing, and in 1901 there were 40 people living there. The main source of employment was three sawmills, and a lobster factory was established before 1911. In 1921 the "International Power and Paper Co." arrived in Indian Bay and that same year a school was constructed. The peak of Indian Bay's population was in 1961 with 285 people; afterwards the population began to decline.
Indian Bay is well known for its sports fishing, mainly for Brook Trout and Atlantic Salmon. The community has a licensed salmon river called , Indian Bay River, but locally known as, "The Brook", that runs through the town. Fishing is still a very popular sport in the area and with its many ATV and Snowmobile trails (old Bowater's woods roads), Indian Bay is a very popular destination for those that enjoy the great outdoors and everything it has to offer.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Indian Bay had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Directory
- Hutchinson's Newfoundland Directory 1864-1865 lists:
Joseph Osmond, ship carpenter
Phillip Parsons, ship carpenter
- Lovell's Newfoundland Directory describes Indian Bay as a small fishing community on the west side of Bonavista Bay, distant from Greenspond by 15 miles on boat. The 1871 population was 5. The directory lists one person:
Adam Parsons, Fisherman.
See also
List of cities and towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
References
External links
http://ngb.chebucto.org/
http://www.ucs.mun.ca/~hrollman/index.html
http://www.rootsweb.com/~cannf/bbnor.htm
Indian Bay - Encyclopedia of Newfoundland and Labrador, vol. 3, p. 35.
Populated coastal places in Canada
Towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
To Dorothy a Son is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Muriel Box and starring Shelley Winters, John Gregson and Peggy Cummins. Known in the U.S. as Cash on Delivery, it is based on the 1950 play To Dorothy, a Son by Roger MacDougall which had enjoyed a lengthy run in the West End. It was shot at Elstree Studios near London with sets designed by the art director George Provis. It was distributed in America by RKO Pictures in January 1956.
Premise
In order to receive a large inheritance, an American woman travels to Britain to prevent her ex-husband having any more children.
Cast
Shelley Winters as Myrtle La Mar
John Gregson as Tony Rapallo
Peggy Cummins as Dorothy Rapallo
Wilfrid Hyde-White as Mr. Starke
Mona Washbourne as Mid Wife Appleby.
Hal Osmond as Livingstone Potts
Hartley Power as Cy Daniel
Maurice Kaufmann as Elmer the Pianist
John Warren as Waiter
Fred Berger as Furrier
Dorothy Bramhall as Starke's secretary
Nicholas Parsons as Passport Official
Ronald Adam as Parsons
Martin Miller as Brodcynsky
Alfie Bass as Cab Driver
Anthony Oliver as Express Reporter
Joan Sims as Telephone Operator
Aubrey Mather as Dr. Cameron
Meredith Edwards as Carter
Campbell Singer as Pub Landlord
Marjorie Rhodes as Landlady
Charles Hawtrey as Waiter at Pub
Joan Newell as Mrs. Robinson
Bartlett Mullins as Mechanic
Gudrun Ure as Cy Daniel's Secretary
Grace Denbeigh-Russell as Spinster
Charles Hammond as 'Express' Photographer
John Warren as Waiter
Critical reception
TV Guide described the film as "a time-zone comedy, with Winters leading a British cast to give the film US appeal...None of it is terribly interesting" ; whereas The New York Times wrote, "BELIEVE it or not, the running time of a stork determines the heir or heiress to $2,000,000 in Cash on Delivery, a bright, British farce that was fun on delivery at the Little Carnegie yesterday...Shelley Winters, as Myrtle, is in one of those made-to-order roles. John Gregson, as Tony, and Peggy Cummins, as Dorothy, are fine. And Mona Washbourne makes a delightfully tart nurse. Deliver yourself to the Little Carnegie. You'll have a good time."
References
External links
Review of film at Variety
1954 films
1954 comedy films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Muriel Box
British comedy films
Films with screenplays by Peter Rogers
Films produced by Peter Rogers
British black-and-white films
Films shot at British National Studios
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
Isaiah Vansant Williamson (February 4, 1803 – March 7, 1889), commonly known as I. V. Williamson, was an American merchant and philanthropist from Pennsylvania.
Early life
Williamson was born in Bensalem Township, Pennsylvania on February 4, 1803 to Mahlon and Charity (Vansant) Williamson and in 1807 moved with his family to Fallsington. There he attended the Friends' School and worked on his family's farm. He became apprenticed to Harvey Gillingham at Gillingham Store in the center of Fallsington for six or seven years. In this position, he traveled to the surrounding communities and Philadelphia, where he learned the trade of buying and selling various goods. In 1825, he moved to Philadelphia and got a position as a salesman there.
Career
Saving and investing his earnings, he eventually became partner in Williamson, Burroughs & Co. selling dry-goods to local shops, where he made a large amount of his fortune.
Philanthropies
Williamson was known for his philanthropy, though due to the way he dressed and walked through the city, he was sometimes referred to as the "threadbare philanthropist." Also, it has been difficult to determine how much Williamson gave because most of his donations were made anonymously under the pseudonym “Hez.” His large sums of money went to hospitals, including the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in the 1870s and founding the Williamson Free School of Mechanical Trades with $5,000,000, December 1, 1888, a gift "larger than the entire endowment of Harvard, Yale or Columbia."
Death
Isaiah V. Williamson died in Philadelphia on March 7, 1889 due to aortic valvular disease.
References
People from Bensalem Township, Pennsylvania
American merchants
1803 births
1889 deaths
19th-century American philanthropists
19th-century American businesspeople
A leadership election is a political contest held in various countries by which the members of a political party determine who will be the leader of their party.
Generally, any political party can determine its own rules governing how and when a leadership election is to be held for that party. In the United Kingdom, for example:
A leadership election may be required at intervals set by party rules, or it may be held in response to a certain proportion of those eligible to vote expressing a lack of confidence in the current leadership. In the UK Conservative Party, for example, "a leadership election can be triggered by a vote of no confidence by Conservative MPs in their current leader".
Strictly speaking, a leadership election is a completely internal affair. An intra-party election held to select its candidates for external offices, such as a president, governor, prime minister or member of a legislature is called a primary election.
Leadership elections have great importance in parliamentary systems, where the chief executive (a Prime Minister) derives their mandate from a parliamentary majority and the party's internal leaders hold frontbench positions within the parliament, if not outright serving in a ministerial post – whether as Prime Minister in the case of the leading government party, or another Ministerial post for junior coalition partners. For that reason, most parliamentary systems do not hold dedicated Prime Ministerial primaries at all, but simply select their internal leader as their candidate for Prime Minister. There are exceptions to this: an electoral alliance, which is composed of multiple parties each with its own separate leader and organs, may hold a common Prime Ministerial primary as in the 2021 Hungarian opposition primary, or a single party may wish to retain its leader but select someone else as its Prime Ministerial candidate, as the Portuguese Socialist Party has done in 2014.
Conversely, in presidential and semi-presidential systems, the chief executive (the President) can only be removed by an impeachment procedure, which can only be initiated in specific situations and by a special procedure (typically involving a legislative supermajority, an investigation by a constitutional court, or both), and removal entails either a snap election or automatic succession to office by a Vice president. As a result, leadership elections are largely background events, as the ruling party's policies are determined by the President, not by the party's internal leader. However, some systems allow one person to serve as both the President and the leader of the ruling party simultaneously, or even mandate it (such as the Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan).
North America
Canada
2013 Liberal Party of Canada leadership election
2020 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election
2019 Bloc Québécois leadership election
2017 New Democratic Party leadership election
2020 Green Party of Canada leadership election
2022 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election
Trinidad and Tobago
2022 People's National Movement leadership election
2020 United National Congress internal election
Europe
Croatia
Social Democratic Party of Croatia
Elections in the Social Democratic Party of Croatia
Finland
2017 Finns Party leadership election
Germany
2021 Christian Democratic Union of Germany leadership election
2019 Social Democratic Party of Germany leadership election
Greece
2015–16 New Democracy leadership election
2017 Greek centre-left leadership election
Ireland
Fine Gael
2017 Fine Gael leadership election
Labour Party
2016 Labour Party leadership election (Ireland)
Fianna Fáil
1959 Fianna Fáil leadership election
1966 Fianna Fáil leadership election
1979 Fianna Fáil leadership election
1992 Fianna Fáil leadership election
1994 Fianna Fáil leadership election
2008 Fianna Fáil leadership election
2011 Fianna Fáil leadership election
Italy
2013 Lega Nord leadership election
2017 Five-Star Movement leadership election
2017 Italian Left leadership election
2017 Lega Nord leadership election
2019 More Europe leadership election
Democratic Party
2007 Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election
2009 Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election
2013 Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election
2017 Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election
2019 Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election
Netherlands
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy leadership election, 2006
2020 Christian Democratic Appeal leadership election
2006 Democrats 66 leadership election
2016 Labour Party (Netherlands) leadership election
Portugal
2020 Portuguese Social Democratic Party leadership election
Spain
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party: (2017)
People's Party: (2018)
Podemos: (2020)
United Kingdom
2019 Conservative Party leadership election
May 2021 Democratic Unionist Party leadership election
June 2021 Democratic Unionist Party leadership election
2020 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
2020 Liberal Democrats leadership election
2014 Scottish National Party leadership election
2018 Green Party of England and Wales leadership election
2019 UK Independence Party leadership election
Conservative Party
1965 Conservative Party leadership election
1975 Conservative Party leadership election
1989 Conservative Party leadership election
1990 Conservative Party leadership election
1995 Conservative Party leadership election
1997 Conservative Party leadership election
2001 Conservative Party leadership election
2003 Conservative Party leadership election
2005 Conservative Party leadership election
2016 Conservative Party leadership election
2019 Conservative Party leadership election
2022 Conservative Party leadership election
Labour Party
1922 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
1931 Labour Party leadership election
1932 Labour Party leadership election
1935 Labour Party leadership election
1955 Labour Party leadership election
1960 Labour Party leadership election
1961 Labour Party leadership election
1963 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
1976 Labour Party leadership election
1980 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
1983 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
1988 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
1992 Labour Party leadership election
1994 Labour Party leadership election
2007 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
2010 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
2015 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
2016 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
2020 Labour Party leadership election (UK)
Liberal Party/Social Democrats/Liberal Democrats
1967 Liberal Party leadership election
1976 Liberal Party leadership election
1982 Social Democratic Party leadership election
1988 Social and Liberal Democrats leadership election
1999 Liberal Democrats leadership election
2006 Liberal Democrats leadership election
2007 Liberal Democrats leadership election
2015 Liberal Democrats leadership election
2017 Liberal Democrats leadership election
2019 Liberal Democrats leadership election
2020 Liberal Democrats leadership election
Africa
South Africa
African National Congress
54th National Conference of the African National Congress
Democratic Alliance
2020 Democratic Alliance Federal Congress
Asia
Republic of China (Taiwan)
Democratic Progressive Party
2006 Democratic Progressive Party chairmanship election
2008 Democratic Progressive Party chairmanship election
Kuomintang
2001 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2005 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2007 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2009 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2013 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2015 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2016 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2017 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2020 Kuomintang chairmanship election
2021 Kuomintang chairmanship election
Israel
Israeli Labor Party
1992 Israeli Labor Party leadership election
2007 Israeli Labor Party leadership election
2011 Israeli Labor Party leadership election
2013 Israeli Labor Party leadership election
2017 Israeli Labor Party leadership election
2019 Israeli Labor Party leadership election
2021 Israeli Labor Party leadership election
Kadima
2008 Kadima leadership election
2012 Kadima leadership election
Likud
2012 Likud leadership election
2014 Likud leadership election
2019 Likud leadership election
Oceania
Australia
Australian Labor Party
2019 Australian Labor Party leadership election
October 2013 Australian Labor Party leadership election
New Zealand
New Zealand Labour Party
2017 New Zealand Labour Party leadership election
2014 New Zealand Labour Party leadership election
See also
Primary elections, a similar concept used to select a party's candidates for external office instead of its internal leadership
Leadership convention (Canada)
References
is a train station in Mimasaka, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kishin Line
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Bhamaha (, ) () was a Sanskrit poetician believed to be contemporaneous with Daṇḍin. He is noted for writing a work called Kavyalankara (, ) ("The ornaments of poetry"). For centuries, he was known only by reputation, until manuscripts of the Kāvyālaṃkāra came to the attention of scholars in the early 1900s.
Biography
Bhamaha was apparently from Kashmir
Little is known of Bhāmaha's life: the last verse of the Kāvyālaṃkāra says that his father was called Rakrilagomin, but little more is known:
Later Kashmiri writers often treat Bhāmaha as the founding father of Sanskrit poetics and, by the same token, make him stand for everything that is old school, a trend that must have begun with Udbhaṭa (c. 800) and his vast commentary on Bhāmaha's work. This Kashmiri connection has led many to assume that Bhāmaha, too, hailed from the northern vale. But if this is the case, then, unlike many of his followers, whose patrons, positions, and, in some cases, salaries are referred to by Kalhaṇa, Bhāmaha does not receive any mention in the famous chronicle of Kashmir's courts, the Rājataraṅgiṇī (River of Kings).
Bhāmaha is rather seldom mentioned as a poet by later commentators, but seems to have had a significant reputation as a grammarian, being cited by the eighth-century Śāntarakṣita. The Bhāmaha who composed the Kāvyālaṃkāra might also be the same person as the one who composed a commentary on Vararuci's Prākṛtaprakāáa, a Prakrit grammar, and a few other works have also been tentatively attributed to him.
The Kāvyālaṃkāra has, however, been widely recognised as similar to and in many ways in disagreement with the Kāvyādarśa by Daṇḍin. Although modern scholars have debated which scholar was borrowing from which, or who was responding to whom, recent work suggests that Bhāmaha was the earlier scholar, and that Daṇḍin was responding to him. 'This would place Bhāmaha no later than the early 600s'.
Kāvyālaṃkāra
Bhamaha's Kāvyālaṃkāra is divided into six paricchedas (chapters). It comprises 398 verses, including two verses at the end of the sixth chapter, which briefly describe the number of verses on each of the five topics. In the first verse, Bhamaha mentioned his work as Kavyalankara.
The first chapter comprises 69 verses. After the invocation of Sarva, it defines kavya and describes the qualifications of a good poet. It also narrates various genres and styles of poems, which include Vaidarbhi and Gaudi.
In the beginning of the second chapter, three gunas of poems, namely prasada, madhurya and ojah are discussed.
It is followed by the discussion about the alankaras (figures of speech), which continues till the end of the third chapter.
The fourth chapter mentions about the eleven types of doshas (blemishes) of kavya and defines first ten of these doshas with illustrations.
The fifth chapter discusses the eleventh dosha and its causes. It is based on the Nyaya-Vaisheshika epistemology. The sixth chapter emphasizes the necessity of the grammatical accuracy and some practical hints to the poets are also provided.
Editions
Kāvyālaṅkāra of Bhāmaha. Ed. Batuk Nāth Śarmā and Baldev Upādhyāya. Kāśī Sanskrit Series 61, 1928. Reprinted, Varanasi: Chaukhambha Sanskrit Sansthan, 1981.
Kāvyālaṅkāra of Bhāmaha: Edited with English Translation and Notes. P.V. Naganatha Sastry. 2nd ed. Delhi: Motilal Banarsidass, 1970.
Commentaries
The only known pre-modern commentary on Kavyalankara is the 'learned and important' Bhamahavivarana or Bhamahavritti by Udbhaṭa. However, only a few fragments of this survive.
External links
Transliterated text of Bhamaha's Kavyalankara at GRETIL
Sanskrit text of Bhamaha's Kavyalankara prepared by Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan
References
Sanskrit poets
Sanskrit poetry
7th-century Indian poets
7th-century Indian scholars
7th-century Indian non-fiction writers
7th-century Indian people
7th-century Indian writers
Indian male writers
Grant Wheelhouse is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for Eastern Suburbs.
Biography
Wheelhouse, who attended Holy Cross College in Ryde, is the brother of Eastern Suburbs player Brett, who featured in first-grade in 1990.
In the 1993 NSWRL season, Wheelhouse played in five first-grade games for Eastern Suburbs. Following a 0-46 loss to St. George in round 12, which Wheelhouse started from the bench, he was named on the wing in the next four rounds. In those four games he replaced Brendan Hall as the club's goalkicker, having filled that role in the reserves. He ended the season as the fullback in Eastern Suburbs' President's Cup premiership winning side.
References
External links
Grant Wheelhouse at Rugby League project
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Sydney Roosters players
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league fullbacks
Darren Majian Shahlavi (5 August 1972 – 14 January 2015) was an English actor, martial artist and stuntman.
Shahlavi was known primarily for in martial arts films such as Bloodmoon, Tai Chi Boxer, the 2010 film Ip Man 2, Beyond the Limits, 300, Watchmen, The Final Cut, BloodRayne, and In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale.
Early life
Shahlavi was born to Iranian immigrant parents at Stockport, Cheshire, England, on 5 August 1972. At the age of 7, he started studying Judo in a rented acting theatre, where he would arrive early to peek at the actors performing. After discovering the films of Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, he dreamed of appearing in action films. He began training in Shotokan Karate at the age of 14 under Sensei Dave Morris and Horace Harvey; and later boxing, kickboxing and Muay Thai at Master Toddy's gym in Manchester.
At 16, Shahlavi started to pursue a career in film and got the attention of Hong Kong action cinema expert Bey Logan in the early 1990s. According to Logan's commentary on the Tai Chi Boxer DVD, Shahlavi spent time at Logan's home watching, studying and copying martial art films from Logan's personal collection. In an interview with the Persian Mirror, Shahlavi mentioned that Logan wrote a script for him to star in, and off he went to Malaysia. On arrival, however, it became apparent that no money was in place, and Logan's partner Mark Houghton put Shahlavi to work as a stuntman. Shahlavi later moved to Hong Kong to pursue his acting career.
Film career
After moving to Hong Kong in the mid-1990s to pursue a career in action cinema, Shahlavi was discovered by famed martial arts choreographer and director Yuen Woo-ping, who signed him to play the bad guy opposite Jacky Wu in Tai Chi Boxer. At the time, Shahlavi was working as a nightclub bouncer and a bodyguard for visiting celebrities.
After Tai Chi Boxer was released in Hong Kong cinemas, Seasonal Films Corporation boss Ng See-yuen and director Tony Leung Siu-hung saw potential in Shahlavi and signed him for their Hong Kong and United States film Bloodmoon (1997). The film, in which Shahlavi plays the villain opposite stars Gary Daniels and Chuck Jeffreys, remains a favourite with hardcore martial arts film fans.
Toward the end of his career, Shahlavi moved into the horror genre. He worked with German gore and splatter filmmaker Olaf Ittenbach, whose films are often banned for their extreme violence. Shahlavi starred in and choreographed fights in the films Legion of the Dead and Beyond the Limits, which are difficult to get in uncut form.
Shahlavi had done stunts in studio films such as Universal Studios The Chronicles of Riddick, 20th Century Fox's Night at the Museum and Warner Bros' 300 often making an on-screen cameo as an inside joke such as the sleeping guard who can't fight in In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale in which he was the stunt double for Ray Liotta for the fighting scenes with Jason Statham which were choreographed by Ching Siu-tung. In an interview, Shahlavi had expressed a desire to get back to making martial arts films after completing work on a film with action star Mark Dacascos, and also appeared on Intelligence, and as a guest star on the American series Reaper.
In 2010, Shahlavi landed a major role in the film Ip Man 2 starring Donnie Yen, Sammo Hung, Lynn Hung and Huang Xiaoming, as the villain Taylor "The Twister" Milos. Although he appeared only in the latter part of the film, he served as the film's main antagonist, his boxing fight with Hung and eventual defeat by Yen forming the film's climax.
Shahlavi appeared in the psychological dark thriller film Red Riding Hood, and appeared in Mortal Kombat: Legacy as Kano. He played Devon in the 2013 film The Package alongside Dolph Lundgren and WWE Hall of Famer Stone Cold Steve Austin. Shahlavi played Cazel in the 2013 film The Marine 3: Homefront, along with Neal McDonough and WWE star Mike "The Miz" Mizanin. Shahlavi appears in his final film in the 2016 film Kickboxer: Vengeance as Eric Sloane, remake of the 1989 film Kickboxer (1989 film), along with Alain Moussi, Dave Bautista and original Kickboxer film star Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Death
On 14 January 2015, Shahlavi died in his sleep at the age of 42 from a heart attack caused by atherosclerosis.
Filmography
Movies
The Turbulent Affair (1991)
Hero's Blood (1991)
Guns & Roses (1993)
All New Human Skin Lanterns (1993) as Baggio
Deadly Target (1994)
Angel on Fire (1995)
Only the Strong Survive (1995)
Sixty Million Dollar Man (1995) as Bodyguard
Guardian Angels (1995) as Gangster 2
Tai Chi Boxer (1996) as Smith
Bloodmoon (1997) as The Killer
Techno Warriors (1998) as Twister
Lethal Combat (1999) as Twister
Hostile Environment (1999) as Rocky
G.O.D. (2001) as Hitman No. 3
Le6ion of the Dead (2001) as Peter
Xtreme Warriors (2001)
I Spy (2002) as Cedric Mills
Sometimes a Hero (2003) as Russ Fortus
Beyond the Limits (2003) as Dennis
Jiminy Glick in Lalawood (2004) as Johnny Stompanato
Summer Storm (2004) as Jimmy Ward
Alone in the Dark (2005) as John Dillon
BloodRayne (2005) as Priest
Slither (2006) as Brenda's Husband
300 (2006) as Persian
In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale (2007) as Gatekeeper
Alien Agent (2007) as Kaylor
Watchmen (2009) as NY SWAT
Ip Man 2 (2010) as Taylor "The Twister" Miller
Born to Raise Hell (2010) as Costel
Red Riding Hood (2011) as Sabre Man
Tactical Force (2011) as Storato
The Package (2013) as Devon
The Marine 3: Homefront (2013) as Cazel
Pound of Flesh (2015) as Goran
Tomorrowland (2015) as Tough Guard
Kickboxer: Vengeance (2016) as Eric Sloane
Television
The Final Cut (2004) as Karim
The Survivors Club (2004) as Eddie Como
1-800-Missing as Intelligence Officer in the episode We Are Coming Home in 2005
Merlin's Apprentice as Chester in 2006
Reaper as Dash Ariell in Magic in 2007
Bionic Woman as Machete in the episode Faceoff in 2007
Intelligence as Sam in 2 episodes in 2007
Sanctuary as Ennis Camden in the episode Warriors in 2008 and Jason in the episode Pavor Nocturnus in 2009
Smallville (2009) as Mexican thug in the episode Echo
Human Target as Eladio Lopez in the episode A Problem Like Maria
Metal Hurlant Chronicles (2011) as Adam in the episode King's Crown
Mortal Kombat: Legacy (2011) as Kano
Aladdin and the Death Lamp (2012) as Aladdin
True Justice (2012) as Bohan Popovich (3 episodes)
Arrow (2012) as Constantine Drakon in Pilot
Borealis (2013) as Sergei
Big Thunder (2013) as Clyde
Survival Code (2013) as Sergei
High Moon (2014) as Indian Assassin
Video games
Medal of Honor (2010) as Tier 1 Operator
Stunt work
The Turbulent Affair (1991)
Hero's Blood (1991)
Angel on Fire (1995)
Sometimes a Hero (2003) as stunt co-ordinator
Beyond the Limits (2003) as stunt co-ordinator
The Chronicles of Riddick (2004) as stunt double for Colm Feore
Blade: Trinity (2004)
300 (2006) as utility stunts
Night at the Museum (2007) as a Roman Stunt actor
In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale (2007) as stunt double for Ray Liotta
Postal (2007) as a stunt player
Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian (2009) as a Roman Centurion stunt actor
Smokin' Aces 2: Assassins' Ball (2010)
Repo Men (2010)
The Stranger (2010) as a Stunt actor for Mexican Cop No. 3
Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol (2011)
Miscellaneous crew
Guns & Roses (1993) as an assistant to producer
Hostile Environment (1999) as a fight choreographer in his own scenes
Le6ion of the Dead (2001) as a fight choreographer
Beyond the Limits (2003) as a stunt co-ordinator
G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra (2009) as a motion capture actor
Dragon Age: Origins (2009) as a motion capture actor
EA Sports MMA (2010) as a motion capture actor
References
External links
Profile, Wu-jing.org. Retrieved 5 August 2015.
1972 births
2015 deaths
English male karateka
English expatriates in the United States
English male film actors
English male television actors
English people of Iranian descent
People from Stockport
Shotokan practitioners
Male actors from Greater Manchester
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Ağıllı is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
The men's light middleweight (71 kg/156.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the sixth heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving seventeen fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and South America). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were not enough fighters for a tournament designed for thirty-two, fifteen of the fighters received a bye through to the second round. The tournament winner was Russia's Konstantin Sbytov who claimed gold by defeating K-1 MAX fighter and 2004 W.A.K.O. European amateur champion Michal Glogowski from Poland. Paolo Iry from France and Milan Dragojlovic from Serbia won bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Albert Paul Mantz (August 2, 1903 – July 8, 1965) was a noted air racing pilot, movie stunt pilot and consultant from the late 1930s until his death in the mid-1960s. He gained fame on two stages: Hollywood and in air races.
Early years
Mantz (the name he used throughout his life) was born in Alameda, California, the son of a school principal, and was raised in nearby Redwood City, California. He developed his interest in flying at an early age; as a young boy, his first flight on fabricated canvas wings was aborted when his mother stopped him as he tried to launch off the branch of a tree in his yard. In 1915, at age 12, he attended the Panama Pacific Exposition in San Francisco and witnessed the world-famous Lincoln Beachey make his first ever flight in his new monoplane, the Lincoln Beachey Special.
Mantz took his first flying lesson at age 16 using money that he made from driving a hearse during the influenza epidemic of 1919. Although he had accumulated hours towards his private pilot certificate, Mantz quit flying altogether when he witnessed the death of his instructor.
On September 24, 1924, Mantz became a part of a famous aviation event when he lent his car battery to the Douglas World Cruiser that had "dead-sticked" into a field on its way to San Francisco for a celebration of the world flight.
U.S. Army air cadet
Mantz applied for admission to the United States Army flight school at March Field, California but was told he needed at least two years of college to be eligible. Apparently resorting to a ruse involving Stanford University stationery, he managed to gain admission with false documents and became a successful cadet. He did not inform officials of his prior flying experience.
In 1927, shortly before his graduation at March Field, Mantz was flying solo over the Coachella Valley when he spotted a train heading west over the empty desert floor up the long grade from Indio. He rolled over into a dive, leveled off a few feet above the track and flew head-on towards the train as the engineer repeatedly sounded the whistle. At the last moment Mantz pulled up, did a "victory roll" and flew away. This sort of dangerous stunt was fairly common during the early era of loosely regulated flying in the 1920s but the train's passengers included ranking officers coming to March Field to participate in the graduation ceremonies and Mantz was subsequently dismissed from the army. His instructor reportedly made it clear to him that he had the makings of an exceptional pilot and encouraged him to continue a career in aviation.
Hollywood stunt pilot
After working briefly in commercial aviation, Mantz went to Hollywood, attracted by the large sums of money movie stunt pilots were making at the time. A main requirement was Associated Motion Picture Pilots (AMPP) membership but that was only gained after employment in the industry. In an effort to gain notoriety, on July 6, 1930 Mantz set a record in flying 46 consecutive outside loops as a part of the dedication ceremonies of the San Mateo airport. Although he gained recognition as an accomplished pilot, without the AMPP card, he still could not work in Hollywood. However, in 1931, Mantz performed the climactic stunt in The Galloping Ghost which required him to fly down a canyon and just miss a prominent sycamore. Misjudging his approach, Mantz crashed into the tree but the film crew got their shot and he got his AMPP card.
Howard Hughes was among his first clients. After much difficulty finding steady stunt work, he accepted a particularly risky assignment, flying a Curtis-Wright CW-16K through a hangar with less than five feet of clearance off each wingtip for the 1932 film Air Mail. Mantz reportedly treated the challenge as an issue of thorough planning, which set him apart from most of the pilots then flying stunts for the movies.
Air Mail was a hit and as word spread about his success in getting through the hangar unscathed, Mantz found more work and his professional ideas about stunt flying were gradually accepted by the studios. United Air Services, Paul's fledgling company at United Airport in Burbank, offered readily available aircraft and pilots, standard rates and insurance to protect producers from the financial risks of accidents and downtime. Mantz's company grew steadily along with the public's fascination with flying as the studios made increasing numbers of aviation related films. His Paul Mantz Air Services air charter company (jokingly christened the Honeymoon Express) also flourished and became a favorite among Hollywood stars, many of whom, such as Clark Gable and James Cagney became friends. One of his helicopters appears in the Errol Flynn short documentary film, Cruise of the Zaca (1952), as featured on the 2 disc Special Edition DVD of The Adventures of Robin Hood.
Other activities
During this period, Mantz carried out a number of "mercy" flights including transporting a deep sea diver to the Mare Island Navy Yard where a decompression chamber was able to save his life, flying 15 Mexican fishermen to safety after their boat began to break up and assisting 53 trapped firefighters in the Santa Barbara mountain area by dropping supplies. Mantz had to fly low through an inferno in order to make the drop. After Tom Mix's accident and death, Mantz was also chosen to fly the body of Mix home.
In 1937, a few months before she vanished over the western Pacific Ocean, acting as a technical advisor, Mantz tutored Amelia Earhart in long-distance flying and navigation (and had accompanied her as a co-pilot on the aborted first attempt of her world flight).
Air racing also became a passion for Mantz in the late-1930s. He entered his Lockheed Orion in the Bendix Trophy transcontinental dash from Los Angeles to Cleveland, placing third in 1938 and 1939.
On July 4, 1938, Mantz flew from Wichita to Burbank, California, accompanied by Paramount press agent, pilot, and pulp writer, Edward Churchill, in an attempt to break the speed-dash record. The stunt was part of the promotion for the film Men With Wings. The flight ran into several difficulties. The motor overheated over the Grand Canyon. When they reached Burbank, the landing gear jammed and it took 30 minutes to work it loose, while thousands of spectators looked from the ground and the fuel ran perilously low. Churchill was stricken with carbon monoxide poisoning and had to be treated by a physician after landing.
World War II
During World War II, Mantz enlisted and was commissioned a major (later promoted to lieutenant colonel), serving in the First Motion Picture Unit (FMPU) in California. Following an August 1944 honorable discharge, Mantz purchased a fleet of 475 wartime surplus bombers and fighters (including North American P-51 Mustang fighters) for $55,000 to use in film work. Mantz joked that he had the sixth-largest air force in the world, and sold the fleet's onboard fuel for a profit on his initial investment. Retaining only 12 aircraft, the remainder of his "air force" was sold off as "scrap" at a handsome profit.
Racing pilot
With his film fleet in place, Mantz chose one of the P-51 fighters to convert it into a Bendix Trophy racer. With his longtime mechanic, Cort Johnson, he totally rebuilt the P-51C, stripping out all military issue equipment and modifying the wings with "wet" fuel cells. In the 1946 Bendix Trophy race, all the competitors flew similar converted warbirds but Mantz prevailed with an average speed of 435 mph. He went on to win the Bendix for an unprecedented three consecutive years (1946–1948) with over $125,000.00 in winnings.
Postwar film career
In 1945, Mantz flew a P-40 and directed aerial sequences in God is My Co-Pilot. He single-handedly piloted a Boeing B-17 for the "near-suicidal" belly landing scenes in Twelve O'Clock High and the footage was reused in several other movies. For that stunt he reportedly received one of the highest fees ever paid up to that time ($4,500 in 1949 dollars).
His longest single flying assignment was in the late 1950s, for the TV series Sky King.
Mantz piloted a converted B-25 bomber to film footage for Cinerama travelogues. According to an interview in the documentary Cinerama Adventure with Mantz's cameraman, in one instance, Mantz flew through an active volcano and narrowly escaped crashing into the mouth of the volcano when the engines died due to oxygen starvation. Mantz's B-25 was outfitted with a refrigerator and other amenities for comfort as he used it for world travel on film assignments.
Mantz came up with the idea for filming the opening shot for the 1955 film Bad Day at Black Rock in which an aerial view of an approaching passenger train was filmed in reverse with the consist backing away from the camera helicopter as flying towards the train was too dangerous. The sequence was then reversed in the film.
Mantz used his B-25 to film Cinerama sequences of military aircraft at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, in October and November 1956, for the Lowell Thomas production, Search for Paradise, released in 1957. Also, in 1957 he was the behind the scene pilot for the film “The Spirit of St. Louis.”
In 1961, aged 58, Mantz formed Tallmantz Aviation with pilot Frank Tallman, supplying aircraft along with their personal stunt flying services to movie and television productions. Together they were involved in several movies including the flying sequences performed in a Beech 18 in the 1963 comedy It's a Mad Mad World.
Family life
In 1932, Mantz married Myrtle "Red" Harvey, one of his former flying students, but divorced in 1935. He remarried two years later to Theresa "Terry" Mae Minor and had a son, Paul, Jr., with his second wife. He adopted her two children by a previous marriage to Roy T. Minor (1904–1935), Roy, Jr. and Nita Lou "Tenita". The Mantz family lived on Balboa Island, off Newport Beach, California, where Mantz had a yacht. After years of successful ventures in both air racing and movie work, he had accumulated more than $10 million in profits, and by 1965, was planning his retirement. When his partner, Frank Tallman, broke his leg in a freak accident, Mantz stepped in to finish the aerial scenes for one last movie project.
Death
Mantz died on July 8, 1965 while working on the movie The Flight of the Phoenix, which was produced and directed by Robert Aldrich. Flying a very unusual aircraft, the Tallmantz Phoenix P-1 built especially for the film, Mantz struck a small hillock while skimming over a desert site in Arizona for a second take. As Mantz attempted to recover by opening the throttle to its maximum, the over-stressed aircraft broke in two and nosed over into the ground, killing Mantz instantly. Bobby Rose, a stuntman standing behind Mantz in the cockpit and representing a character played by Hardy Krüger, was seriously injured.
The FAA investigation noted Mantz's alcohol consumption before the flight and said the resulting impairment to his "efficiency and judgment" contributed to the accident. Thirteen years later his business partner, Frank Tallman, also died in an aviation mishap.
Some who were with Mantz during the shoot dispute that he was flying under the influence, although they acknowledge he was drinking alcohol the night before the fatal flight. Toxicology tests were performed several hours after the accident; in the absence of refrigeration, normal postmortem biochemical processes might produce blood ethanol and cause or contribute to an elevated BAC level.
Out of respect, neither take appeared in the completed film, although the accident was shown in contemporary newsreels and stills of the moment of impact have been published. The final credits of The Flight of the Phoenix bear a tribute to Paul Mantz: "It should be remembered ... that Paul Mantz, a fine man and a brilliant flyer gave his life in the making of this film ..."
In the 1988 TV movie Pancho Barnes, Mantz was portrayed by Kurt Rhoads. In Amelia Earhart, a 1976 made-for-television biographical film, he was played by Stephen Macht.
Awards
Bendix Trophy, 1946, 1947, 1948
Inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2002.
Inducted into the International Council of Air Shows Foundation Hall of Fame
See also
Amelia Earhart
Art Scholl
References
Notes
Bibliography
Cowin, Hugh W. The Risk Takers, A Unique Pictorial Record 1908–1972: Racing & Record-setting Aircraft (Aviation Pioneer 2). London: Osprey Aviation, 1999. .
Dolan Edward F. Jr. Hollywood Goes to War. London: Bison Books, 1985. .
Dwiggins, Don. Hollywood Pilot: The Biography of Paul Mantz. Garden City, New York: Doubleday & Company, Inc., 1967.
Dwiggins, Don. "Paul Mantz: Kingpin of the Hollywood Air Force." Air Classics Vol. 11, no. 10, October 1975.
Farmer, Jim. "Paul Mantz: The Golden Years." Air Classics Vol. 26, no. 3, March 1990.
The Flight of the Phoenix (1965). 20th Century Fox, DVD re-release, 2003.
Goldstein, Donald M. and Katherine V. Dillon. Amelia: The Centennial Biography of an Aviation Pioneer. Washington, DC: Brassey's, 1997. .
Hardwick, Jack and Ed Schnepf. "A Viewer's Guide to Aviation Movies." The Making of the Great Aviation Films, General Aviation Series, Volume 2, 1989.
Joiner, Stephen. "Hollywood's Favorite Pilot." Air & Space, Volume 22, no.5, October/November 2007.
Kinert, Reed. Racing Planes and Air Races: A Complete History, Vol. 1 1909–1923. Fallbrook, California: Aero Publishers, Inc., 1969.
Moore, Kevin. "The Tallmantz Story and the Carpetbaggers." Air Classics Summer Issue, no. 2, 1964.
Orriss, Bruce. When Hollywood Ruled the Skies: The Aviation Film Classics of World War II. Hawthorne, California: Aero Associates Inc., 1984. .
Schiller, Gerald A. "Hollywood's Daredevil Pilot." Aviation History, Vol. 13, no. 6, July 2003.
Wise, Arthur & Derek Ware. Stunting in the Cinema, Constable, London, 1973.
External links
History of Hollywood Stunt Pilots
Paul Mantz: King of the Hollywood Pilots
Check-Six.com – The Final Flight of the "Phoenix"
A Short Biography of Paul Mantz – Aero Vintage Books
1903 births
1965 deaths
Accidental deaths in Arizona
Aerobatic record holders
American aviation record holders
American stunt performers
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Burials at Pacific View Memorial Park
First Motion Picture Unit personnel
People from Alameda, California
People from Redwood City, California
Stunt pilots
United States Army Air Forces officers
United States Army Air Forces pilots
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1965
Military personnel from California
Shweta Mohan (born 19 November 1985) is an Indian playback singer. She has received four Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer, one Kerala State Film Award and one Tamil Nadu State Film Award. She has recorded more than 700
songs for film music and albums in all the four south Indian languages namely Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada in addition to the Hindi films and has established herself as a leading playback singer of South Indian cinema.
Personal life
Shweta Mohan was born on 19 November 1985 to a Malayali family in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. She is the daughter of Krishna Mohan and playback singer Sujatha Mohan. She completed schooling at Good Shepherd Convent, Chennai and graduated from Stella Maris College, Chennai. She is married to her long-time friend, Ashwin Shashi. Shweta Mohan and Ashwin Shashi have a daughter, Sresta Ashwin, who was born in 2017.
Career
Shweta started her training in Carnatic music at the age of 9. As a child artiste, she recorded for the chorus of the songs 'Kuchi kuchi rakkamma' (Bombay) and 'Accham accham illai' (Indira) in the music direction of A. R. Rahman. Shweta has sung for music directors in India like Ilayaraja, A. R. Rahman, Vidyasagar, M M Keeravani, M. Jayachandran, Johnson, Sharreth, Ousepachan, Deepak Dev, Harris Jayaraj, Yuvan Shankar Raja, V. Harikrishna, G. V. Prakash, Mani Sharma, Kannan, N. R. Raghunanthan, Manikanth Kadri, Devi Sri Prasad and Anirudh Ravichander. Shweta is being trained in Carnatic classical vocal currently under Binni Krishnakumar who is also a playback singer.
Awards & nominations
Shweta has received five Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer, one Kerala State Film Awards and one Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. She is also a judge on the famous singing competition, Super Singer on Vijay Television. She further gained fame via her famous performances on the show.
Discography
Shweta has recorded songs for film music and albums in all the four South Indian languages namely, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada along with the Hindi language and has established herself as a leading playback singer of South Indian cinema.
Filmography
Shweta has appeared as a judge on several television reality shows and she also appears in music videos.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
21st-century Indian singers
21st-century Indian women singers
Indian pop singers
Indian women pop singers
Indian women playback singers
Singers from Chennai
Kerala State Film Award winners
Tamil playback singers
Malayalam playback singers
Kannada playback singers
Filmfare Awards South winners
Stella Maris College, Chennai alumni
Women musicians from Tamil Nadu
William I. Rose (September 8, 1898 – June 9, 1954) was an American military officer who served as Adjutant General of Massachusetts and was commander of the 26th Infantry Division.
Early life
Rose was born on September 8, 1898 in Worcester, Massachusetts. He attended Worcester public schools and the College of the Holy Cross. He enlisted in the Massachusetts National Guard on June 16, 1916 and served with the Emmet Guards on the Mexican border.
World War I
Rose's company was called into active service during World War I. He served in France, where he rose to the rank of sergeant. Rose was then recommended for officers training school and commissioned a lieutenant. He commanded Co. G, 358th Infantry Regiment, 90th Infantry Division, which was made up of soldiers from Texas and Oklahoma. He led troops during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive and saw action in five major engagements. He received an honorable discharge on July 2, 1919.
Post-war years
On July 9, 1920, Rose returned to the Emmet Guards as a first lieutenant. He was promoted to Captain on April 13, 1921 and Major on February 18, 1932. In December 1934, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel and transferred to the staff of 26th Infantry Division commander Daniel Needham. On December 15, 1934 he was appointed Adjutant General by Governor-elect James Michael Curley. In this role, Rose oversaw deployment of guard forces during floods in the spring of 1936. He also oversaw many Works Progress Administration activities, including the construction of a new Guard facility on Cape Cod. He served as Adjutant General until January 7, 1937, when Curley made him commander of the 26th Infantry Division's 51st Infantry Brigade. His appointment with the 51st was controversial, as he jumped over several officers with higher rank and more years of service. He was promoted to brigadier general shortly thereafter.
Outside of the Guard, Rose was the business manager of the Massachusetts Department of Mental Health and purchasing agent for the City of Boston.
World War II
On January 16, 1941 the 26th Infantry Division was called into federal service. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, Rose was placed in command of Task Force 6814 and the 26th Infantry Division. Command of the task force passed to Major General Alexander Patch when it arrived in Naval Base Noumea in New Caledonia and Rose was assigned to defend the islands of Effate and Espiritu Santo. Rose also organized defenses and constructed advance air bases on the New Hebrides and Russell Islands.
Later life
Rose was separated from active duty on February 25, 1946. On September 9, 1946 he returned to the Massachusetts National Guard and was named commander of the 26th Infantry Division. He retired with the rank of Major General on September 8, 1951 due to a state law that required separation after five years as a division commander.
Rose died on June 9, 1954 at Quigley Memorial Hospital in Chelsea, Massachusetts and was buried in St. John's Cemetery in Worcester.
References
1898 births
1954 deaths
Adjutants General of Massachusetts
United States Army personnel of World War I
United States Army generals of World War II
United States Army generals
National Guard (United States) generals
People from Worcester, Massachusetts
Rafael Schuler Crivellaro (born 18 February 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Chennaiyin in the Indian Super League.
Career
Born in Porto Alegre, Crivellaro youth development was spent at Internacional and Empoli. In 2009, he joined, Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul competing in the third tier. From there, he moved to Guaratinguetá making his professional debut on 19 October 2010 in a match against Icasa.
Crivellaro joined Vitória Guimarães in January 2011, being loaned to Trofense for the 2011-12 season on 26 August 2011. The following year, he returned to Guimarães, competing in their first team, but also having short stints in their reserve-side, winning an award in November 2014 for SJPF Segunda Liga Player of the Month.
On 28 January 2015, Crivellaro move to the Ajman Club, at the time, managed by Manuel Cajuda. Not even six months later, on 24 June 2015, he moved to Poland, joining
Wisła Kraków.
Crivellaro joined Primeira Liga club Arouca on a two-year contract on 17 June 2016.
On 3 September 2019, Crivellaro penned a deal with Chennaiyin as their latest foreign recruit. Crivellaro was appointed as captain of Chennaiyin FC in November 2020 ahead of the 2020–21 Indian Super League season. Later he was ruled out of the rest of the season due to an ankle injury. On 16 July 2021, Chennayin FC announced that they have extended the contract of Crivellaro on a multi year deal.
Honours
Vitória de Guimarães
Taça de Portugal: 2012–13
Chennaiyin FC
Runners-up : 2019–20
Personal
SJPF Segunda Liga Player of the Month: November 2014
References
External links
Super League Profile
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Porto Alegre
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul players
Vitória S.C. players
C.D. Trofense players
Ajman Club players
Wisła Kraków players
F.C. Arouca players
C.D. Feirense players
Ekstraklasa players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Chennaiyin FC players
Primeira Liga players
UAE Pro League players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in India
Indian Super League players
Kolonia Sinołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Stronger Sex is a 1931 British drama film directed by Gareth Gundrey and starring Colin Clive, Adrianne Allen and Gordon Harker. The screenplay concerns a man who rescues his wife's lover during a disaster at a coal mine.
It was made at Islington Studios.
Cast
Colin Clive as Warren Barrington
Adrianne Allen as Mary Thorpe
Gordon Harker as Parker
Martin Lewis as John Brent
Renee Clama as Joan Merivale
Elsa Lanchester as Thompson
References
Bibliography
Wood, Linda. British Films, 1927–1939. British Film Institute, 1986.
External links
1931 films
1931 drama films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Gareth Gundrey
British drama films
Films set in England
Gainsborough Pictures films
Islington Studios films
British black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Uladzimir Ignatik won the first edition of this tournament. He defeated Alexandre Kudryavtsev 6–4, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Singles
ATP Challenger Guangzhou - Singles
China International Guangzhou
Four Hours to Kill! is a 1935 American drama film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Richard Barthelmess.
Plot
Taft, a policeman, has fugitive murderer Tony Mako in custody and in handcuffs, two thousand miles from the prison from which Mako escaped. With four hours to kill, Taft takes his prisoner to a theater where the cop's wife, Mae, is a hostess.
Mae is an unfaithful schemer. She is trying to extort $200 from coat-check kid Eddie, insinuating she is pregnant. Eddie doesn't want his fiancee Helen to hear this, true or otherwise, so he tries to raise the money to pay Mae's blackmail. Eddie is also suspected of stealing an expensive piece of jewelry.
Mako made the journey this far in the hope of gaining revenge against Anderson, a man who informed on him. After telling Taft he would prefer a quick death to a painful execution, Mako breaks free and shoots Anderson before being shot by Taft, dying the kind of death he wanted. Eddie is cleared and now free to marry Helen, while Mae is taken away to jail.
Cast
Richard Barthelmess as Tony Mako
Joe Morrison as Eddie
Gertrude Michael as Mrs. Sylvia Temple
Helen Mack as Helen
Dorothy Tree as Mae Danish
Roscoe Karns as Johnson
Ray Milland as Carl Barrett
Charles C. Wilson as Taft
Henry Travers as Mac Mason
Noel Madison as Anderson
Paul Harvey as Capt. Seaver
Olive Tell as Mrs. Madison
Lee Kohlmar as Pa Herman
Production
Paramount bought the film rights to the stage play in December 1934.
Reception
The New York Times called it "a gripping, although extremely theatrical, melodrama with a neatly dovetailed plot, a uniformly excellent cast and well paceed direction".
Proposed remake
In 1944 Paramount Pictures announced it would create a new film adaptation of Small Miracle, the play that was the basis of Four Hours to Kill. Leisen was to direct the new version; Alan Ladd in the lead. The project was not realized.
In 1947 Jack LaRue presented a stage version.
References
External links
Four Hours to Kill at TCMDB
Four Hours to Kill! review at Mystery File
Review of film at Variety
1935 films
1935 drama films
American black-and-white films
American drama films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Mitchell Leisen
Paramount Pictures films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Natien is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 207 square kilometers and includes 9 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,404. The village of Natien, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 18 km west of Sikasso on the RN7, the main road linking Sikasso and Bougouni.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Mateusz Lis (born 27 February 1997) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 1 side Troyes, on loan from Premier League side Southampton.
Career
Lis started his career with Lech Poznań.
On 17 June 2022, Lis signed a five-year contract with Southampton pending a work permit, joining as a free agent following the expiry of his contract at Turkish club Altay S.K.
On 1 September 2022, Lis joined Troyes on a season long loan.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
"
1997 births
Living people
People from Żary
Association football goalkeepers
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Lech Poznań II players
Lech Poznań players
Miedź Legnica players
Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała players
Raków Częstochowa players
Wisła Kraków players
Altay S.K. footballers
Southampton F.C. players
ES Troyes AC players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
Süper Lig players
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in England
Polish expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in France
Polish expatriate sportspeople in France
