Michael John Elliott OBE (31 May 1951 – 14 July 2016) was a British journalist and executive, long-based in the United States. He was the president and chief executive officer of the anti-poverty advocacy organization ONE.
Awarded an OBE in 2003 for services to journalism, Elliott previously held senior executive positions at Time Magazine, Newsweek, and The Economist. After leaving journalism in 2011, he became president and CEO of the ONE campaign, the global development organization founded by U2 lead singer Bono.
Early life and education
Elliott was born in Liverpool, England in 1951. He attended the University of Oxford.
Career
After his graduation, Elliott was a lecturer at Northwestern University, the University of Warwick and the London School of Economics. He joined The Economist in 1984. He relocated from England to the United States in 1986, and subsequently became the publication's Washington bureau chief and political editor. In 1993, Elliott moved to Newsweek, where he served as the diplomatic editor until 1995, when he was named editor of Newsweek International.
In May 2001 he joined the staff of Time magazine as an editor at large; in 2004 he was named editor of Time Asia and in 2005 he was appointed editor of Time International and deputy managing editor of Time. He coined the term Nylonkong in 2008.
Elliott became CEO of ONE in 2011, and oversaw the organization's global operations.
In 2005, GoodNet named Elliot as one of the world's 25 inspiring CEOs.
Death
Elliot died from complications of bladder cancer at the age of 65 in Washington, D.C.
Bibliography
The Day Before Yesterday: Reconsidering America's Past, Rediscovering the Present (Simon & Schuster, April 1999)
Heartbeat London: The Anatomy of a Supercity (Sidgwick & Jackson Ltd, June 1986)
References
External links
1951 births
2016 deaths
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Journalists from Liverpool
British chief executives
British political journalists
British male journalists
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Deaths from bladder cancer
Deaths from cancer in Washington, D.C.
Kamøyvær is a fishing village in Nordkapp Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. The village lies along the Kamøyfjorden on the east side of the island of Magerøya, about northwest of the town of Honningsvåg. It sits at the end of a cul-de-sac road, the Norwegian County Road 172. About south of the village, the road meets the European route E69, the main road leading to the North Cape.
The village is sheltered from the open sea by the islands of Lille Kamøya and Store Kamøya, the water between the village and the latter being called the Østersundet.
There are around 70 inhabitants in the village. Although there are no ethnic distinctions today, the people of the village are descended from coastal Sami and Kven as well as Norwegians. In the summer of 2012, the labour force in the village included people from the Baltic states.
A small hotel/guesthouse called the Arran, owned by a Sami family, occupies three blue-painted buildings in the centre of the village. One of them is right on the waters of the harbour and the other two are just across the road. The top floor of a house in the centre of the village contains an art gallery called the Gallery East of the Sun which displays and sells the work of a German-born artist, Eva Schmutterer, who lives in the village.
Hjalmarneset peninsula
There is a small lighthouse, the Kamøyfjord light, on the hill on the Hjalmarneset peninsula at the north side of the village.
There is also a small cemetery on the western side of this peninsula.
Kuvika
At Kuvika, a hamlet at the southern entrance to the village, there is a small fish processing plant on the side of the Risfjorden; this is supplied by the boats that use the harbour in the middle of the village.
Media gallery
References
Villages in Finnmark
Fishing communities in Norway
Nordkapp
Magerøya
The Identity Commissioner (officially known as the National Identity Scheme Commissioner) was an independent regulator in the United Kingdom appointed under the Identity Cards Act 2006 based in London.
Following the formation of the Conservative – Liberal Democrat Coalition after the 2010 General Election, it was announced that the ID cards scheme was to be scrapped. The Identity Documents Act 2010 abolished ID cards and the Office of the Identity Commissioner.
First commissioner appointed
The Identity Commissioner was appointed by the Home Secretary and reported at least annually to Parliament on his oversight of the National Identity Service (previously known as National Identity Scheme). The first Commissioner, Sir Joseph Pilling, took office on 1 October 2009.
Role and powers of the Identity Commissioner
Under the Identity Cards Act 2006 the Identity Commissioner had the power to review matters relating to the National Identity Service including:
(i) the arrangements made by the Secretary of State for carrying out his functions under the Identity Cards Act;
(ii) the arrangements made by persons for processing information, which has been provided to them under our powers in the Act; and
(iii) the use of identity cards.
The Identity Commissioner was also obliged to review arrangements:
(i) for securing the confidentiality and integrity of the National Identity Register; and
(ii) for dealing with complaints about the way in which the Secretary of State carries out his functions relating to the Scheme.
Annual Report 2009
On 25 February 2010, as required by the 2006 Act, the Home Secretary laid before Parliament the Identity Commissioner's first annual report, outlining the work of the Commissioner since the creation of the Office of the Identity Commissioner on 1 October 2009. The report is available on the Identity Commissioner's website.
References
External links
The Identity Commissioner - official site, launched 1 October 2009
Privacy organizations
Defunct public bodies of the United Kingdom
Home Office (United Kingdom)
Human rights in the United Kingdom
Union County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 21,356. The county seat is Blairsville.
History
Union County was originally a core part of the homeland of the native Cherokee tribe. Mountainous and formerly one of the most remote and inaccessible parts of Georgia, the area became the object of desire for white settlers with the discovery of gold in the 1820s. While the gold rush didn't last long, a land lottery system opened up the area for settlement in the 1830s and Union County was formed in 1832, carved from part of Cherokee County. The newcomers formed political groups to force the Cherokee off their land, part of the removal of most of the southeastern native tribes in what is known as the Trail of Tears. The part that was Cherokee Removal occurred between 1836 and 1839. The Cherokee nation and roughly 1,600 of their black slaves were forced west to the Indian Territory (present day Oklahoma) in the then Western United States. The resultant deaths along the way and at the end of the movement of an estimated 4,000 Cherokee. The Union Party was a political group that supported removing the Indians and opening the area to white settlers, and is the probable reason for the county's name. The western part of Union County was annexed by Fannin County on 12 January 1854, and in 1856 the southern tip was given to Gilmer County and an eastern section went to Towns County. Many of the early white settlers of the area were Virginians or North Carolianians who came via various frontier roads. As a mountainous region not suited to plantation farming and settled by hardscrabble, independent farmers, Union County had relatively few slaves compared to other areas of Georgia. In the 1850 census, just 61 slave owners were listed, with a total of 278 total.
The white population of Union County residents were largely pro-Union in the years prior to the Civil War, with sentiments against the plantation-owning aristocratic elites in the lowland sections of the state, as was true of much of Georgia's mountainous north and the Appalachian region in general. When the state seceded and when Lincoln raised a Union army to suppress the rebellion, most Union County residents supported the Confederacy and most of the soldiers from the county fought on the Confederate side either as enlistees or, after the Confederate draft of 1862, as draftees. Joseph E. Brown, the wartime governor of Georgia, was a resident of Union County, having moved there from western South Carolina. Brown was an ardent secessionist and a defender of slavery, but was a controversial southern governor, a north Georgian never fully accepted by the plantation class but still popular with the common white Georgians, whom he championed. Brown vehemently opposed the Confederate draft and was a constant thorn in the side of the central Confederate government which he saw as usurping increasing power from the states. Despite general support for the Confederacy, a smaller number of Union sympathizers remained in Union County, which was one of the few Georgia counties to provide men for a Union Army unit, company A of the 1st Georgia Infantry Battalion, in which 6 men were killed.
After the war, railroad lines were built that linked Union County to other areas, including Gainesville and Culberson, North Carolina, giving farmers expanded distribution. The first paved road in Union County was completed in 1926 and ran from Cleveland to the North Carolina border. Tourism increased when the federal government acquired 31,000 acres of forest in the area, spread across Fannin, Gilmer, Lumpkin, and Union counties, and created the Chattahoochee National Forest in 1937.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.2%) is water. Brasstown Bald, the highest mountain in Georgia, rises in southeast Union County, straddling the Towns County line. The central and northern portion of Union County is located in the Hiwassee River sub-basin of the Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin, while the southwestern portion of the county is located in the Ocoee River sub-basin of the same larger watershed. A very small portion of the county's southeastern corner is located in the Upper Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin, also listed as simply the Apalachicola Basin by USGS). This is also where the source of the Chattahoochee is found.
Adjacent counties
Cherokee County, North Carolina (north)
Clay County, North Carolina (northeast)
Towns County (east)
White County (southeast)
Lumpkin County (south)
Fannin County (west)
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 19
U.S. Route 76
U.S. Route 129
State Route 2
State Route 11
State Route 60
State Route 180
State Route 325
State Route 348
State Route 515
Other roads
Blue Ridge Highway (Old US 76/Old SR 2)
Skeenah Gap Road
Town Creek School Road
Mulky Gap Road
Owltown Road
Spiva Bridge Way
Gumlog Road
Loving Road
Nottely Dam Road (Old SR 325). Not all of Nottely Dam Road remains a state route.
Pat Haralson Memorial Drive
Trackrock Gap Road
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 17,289 people, 7,159 households, and 5,211 families living in the county. The population density was 54 people per square mile (21/km2). There were 10,001 housing units at an average density of 31 per square mile (12/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.94% White, 0.58% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.24% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races. 0.88% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. Union County was mentioned as an "Extreme Whitopia", a place with a high concentration of white residents, in Rich Benjamin's book, Searching for Whitopia. (Because American Indians were forced out, and black slavery was virtually nonexistent in this part of the Georgia mountains, the county has had a minuscule nonwhite population for almost 200 years.)
There were 7,159 households, out of which 24.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.90% were married couples living together, 7.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.20% were non-families. 24.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.77.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.00% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 23.60% from 25 to 44, 28.20% from 45 to 64, and 21.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 96.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,893, and the median income for a family was $39,776. Males had a median income of $29,127 versus $20,871 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,845. About 9.30% of families and 12.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.10% of those under age 18 and 15.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 21,356 people, 9,116 households, and 6,382 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 14,052 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.9% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.0% were English, 15.8% were Irish, 15.0% were "American", and 13.2% were German.
Of the 9,116 households, 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.0% were non-families, and 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.75. The median age was 50.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,298 and the median income for a family was $50,772. Males had a median income of $42,330 versus $29,176 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,182. About 9.5% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 24,632 people, 9,743 households, and 6,957 families residing in the county.
Communities
City
Blairsville
Unincorporated communities
Choestoe
Ivy Log
Suches
Government and Politics
The county's Sole commissioner is Lamar Paris, who has served since 2001.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Union County, Georgia
References
External links
Union County Government Website
City of Blairsville Government Website
Blairsville and Union County Website
Blairsville-Union County Chamber of Commerce
Documents from Union County in the Digital Library of Georgia
North Georgia News (county legal organ) Website
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1832 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1832
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
The 33rd Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1901 Nova Scotia general election, the 32nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 33rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1906 Nova Scotia general election, the 33rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 34th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 11th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1993 Nova Scotia general election, the 55th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 56th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 33rd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Derna may refer to:
Places
Derna District, a district in eastern Libya
Derna, Libya, a port city in that district
Apostolic Vicariate of Derna, a Catholic pre-diocesan jurisdiction with see in that city
Derna, Bihor, Romania, a commune
Derna mine
Derna oil field
Derna (river), Romania
Derna Province, a province of Libya established in 1937 under Italian rule
Military
Battle of Derna (disambiguation)
RAF Derna, a former Royal Air Force station located near Derna, Libya, during the Second World War
People
Derna Casetti (born 1959), Italian former female middle-distance and cross-country runner
Derna Polazzo (1912–?), Italian sprinter and long jumper
See also
Darneh (disambiguation)
Vittana was a non-governmental organization that allowed people to lend money via the Internet to students in the developing world. It was a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Seattle. Vittana focused on student loans because student loans are nearly unavailable in developing countries.
The loans issued by Vittana ranged from $200 to $1,500 and were funded by individual lenders through Kiva's lending platform and Vittana's funds. Students were given cash advances for educational expenses before money from donors had been collected. The cash advance provided by a partner organization was covered when Kiva or Vittana had aggregated sufficient money from donors. A mother or a close relative acted as a co-signer. The recipient of the loan could repay the loan after landing a job. Vittana students had a 98% repayment rate.
Vittana ceased operations in 2014.
References
External links
Official website
Microfinance organizations
Non-profit organizations based in Seattle
Peer-to-peer charities
Peer-to-peer lending companies
Charities based in Washington (state)
Organizations established in 2008
This is the List of castles in Latvia, which includes fortified residences of Western European conquerors built in the area of present-day Latvia before the 17th century. There are about 140 medieval castles in the area, therefore this list is not complete. After the name of the castle comes the year of construction and a short description of its present-day condition.
Table of contents
Courland
Zemgale
Vidzeme
Latgale
See also
List of castles
List of castles in Estonia
List of palaces and manor houses in Estonia
List of palaces and manor houses in Latvia
List of hillforts in Latvia
List of castles in Lithuania
Additional information
References
Sources
External links
Ambermarks - Medieval castles of Latvia - list
Latvia
Cas
Lists of castles by country
Castles
The Hero of the Soviet Union was the highest distinction of the Soviet Union. It was awarded 12,775 times. Due to the large size of the list, it has been broken up into multiple pages.
Iosif Laar (ru)
Stepan Labuzhsky (ru)
Pavel Labuz (ru)
Konstantin Labutin (ru)
Aleksandr Laveykin
Ivan Laveykin
Nikolai Lavitsky (ru)
Aleksandr Lavrenov (ru)
Pavel Lavrentev (ru)
Leonid Lavrenyuk (ru)
Ivan Lavrik (ru)
Dmitry Lavrinenko
Vladimir Lavrinenkov (twice)
Vladimir Lavrinovich (ru)
Eduard Lavrinovich (ru)
Vasily Lavrishchev (ru)
Viktor Lavrov (ru)
Pyotr Lavrov (ru)
Yakov Lavrov (ru)
Ivan Lavronenko (ru)
Nikolai Lagunov (ru)
Ivan Lagutenko (ru)
Anisim Lagutin (ru)
Vasily Lagutin (ru)
Mikhail Lagutin (ru)
Ivan Ladutko (ru)
Ivan Ladushkin (ru)
Arkhip Lazarev (ru)
Vasily Grigorievich Lazarev
Vasily Romanovich Lazarev (ru)
Georgy Lazarev (ru)
Dmitry Lazarev (ru)
Yevgeny Kumzich Lazarev (ru)
Yegor Lazarev (ru)
Ivan Aleksandrovich Lazarev (ru)
Ivan Romanovich Lazarev (ru)
Nikolai Lazarev (ru)
Sergey Lazarev (ru)
Fyodor Lazarev (ru)
Vasily Lazarenko (ru)
Ivan Lazarenko
Aleksandr Lazenko (ru)
Dmitry Lazuka (ru)
Nikolai Lazkov (ru)
Vladimir Lakatosh (ru)
Ivan Lakeyev (ru)
Panteley Laktionov (ru)
Pyotr Laktionov (ru)
Anatoly Lamekhov (ru)
Fyodor Lamzin (ru)
Ivan Landik (ru)
Ivan Lansyshev (ru)
Mark Lanovenko (ru)
Timofei Lanskikh (ru)
Nikolai Lapata (ru)
Ivan Lapenkov (ru)
Nikolai Laperdin (ru)
Aleksey Lapik (ru)
Aleksandr Lapin (ru)
Ivan Vasilyevich Lapin (ru)
Ivan Georgievich Lapin (ru)
Roman Lapin (ru)
Anatoly Laps (ru)
Viktor Laptev (ru)
Vsevolod Laptev (ru)
Grigory Laptev (ru)
Konstantin Laptev (ru)
Leonid Laptev (ru)
Mikhail Laptev (ru)
Pavel Laptev (ru)
Sergey Petrovich Laptev (ru)
Sergey Yakovlevich Laptev (ru)
Anatoly Lapushkin (ru)
Iosif Lapushkin (ru)
Filipp Lapushkin (ru)
Anatoly Lapshyov (ru)
Anatoly Lapshyov (ru)
Semyon Lapshenkov (ru)
Aleksey Lapshin (ru)
Vasily Lapshin (ru)
Ilya Lapshin (ru)
Pavel Ivanovich Lapshin (ru)
Afanasy Lapshov (ru)
Ivan Lapshov (ru)
Nikolai Lapshov (ru)
Ivan Laryov (ru)
Yegor Larikov (ru)
Andrey Larin (ru)
Ivan Yakovlevich Larin (ru)
Mikhail Nikanorovich Larin (ru)
Mikhail Fyodorovich Larin (ru)
Nikolai Larin (ru)
Aleksey Larinov (ru)
Boris Larionov (ru)
Vasily Larionov (ru)
Georgy Larionov (ru)
Grigory Larionov (ru)
Semyon Larionov (ru)
Ivan Larkin (ru)
Mikhail Larchenko (ru)
Yevgeny Laryushin (ru)
Nikolai Laskunov (ru)
Maksim Lastovsky (ru)
Nikolai Latkin (ru)
Semyon Latukhin (ru)
Gabdrakhman Latypov (ru)
Kuddus Latypov (ru)
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Latyshev (ru)
Vladimir Fyodorovich Latyshev (ru)
Aleksandr Laukhin (ru)
Grigory Lakhin (ru)
Ivan Lakhin (ru)
Veniamin Lakhonin (ru)
Fyodor Lakhtikov (ru)
Boris Lakhtin (ru)
Nikolai Latskov (ru)
Georgy Lashin (ru)
Mikhail Lashin (ru)
Gavriil Lashkov (ru)
Pyotr Lashchenko (ru)
Aleksandr Pavlovich Lebedev (ru)
Aleksandr Fyodorovich Lebedev (ru)
Aleksey Ivanovich Lebedev (1920—1995) (ru)
Aleksey Ivanovich Lebedev (1921—1943) (ru)
Aleksey Fyodorovich Lebedev (ru)
Anatoly Lebedev (ru)
Boris Lebedev (ru)
Valentin Lebedev (twice)
Vasily Lebedev (ru)
Viktor Aleksandrovich Lebedev (ru)
Viktor Mikhailovich Lebedev (ru)
Gennady Sergeyevich Lebedev (ru)
Gennady Stepanovich Lebedev (ru)
Dmitry Ilyich Lebedev (ru)
Dmitry Maksimovich Lebedev (ru)
Ivan Lebedev (ru)
Konstantin Ivanovich Lebedev (ru)
Konstantin Konstantinovich Lebedev (ru)
Mikhail Vasilyevich Lebedev (ru)
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Lebedev (ru)
Nikolai Serveryanovich Lebedev (ru)
Semyon Lebedev (ru)
Fyodor Lebedev (ru)
Ivan Lebedenko (ru)
Nikita Lebedenko
Grigory Lebed (ru)
Boris Lev (ru)
Rafail Lev (ru)
Vladimir Levakov (ru)
Sigizmund Levanevsky
Konstantin Levashov (ru)
Yegor Levenets (ru)
Aleksandr Lyovin (ru)
Aleksandr Fyodorovich Levin (ru)
Vasily Levin (ru)
Vasily Levin (ru)
Grigory Levin
Grigory Lyovin (ru)
Dmitry Levin (ru)
Mikhail Vasilyevich Levin (ru)
Semyon Levin (ru)
Vladimir Levitan (ru)
Vasily Levitsky (ru)
David Levitsky (ru)
Roman Levitsky (ru)
Timofei Levitsky (ru)
Nikanor Lyovkin (ru)
Vayk Levonyan (ru)
Andrey Lyovochkin (ru)
Vasily Lyovushkin (ru)
Aleksandr Levchenko (ru)
Anatoly Nikolayevich Levchenko
Anatoly Semyonovich Levchenko
Vasily Galakinovich Levchenko (ru)
Vasily Sidorovich Levchenko (ru)
Grigory Levchenko (ru)
Dorofey Levchenko (ru)
Ivan Levchenko (ru)
Irina Levchenko
Semyon Levchuk (ru)
Pavel Legezin (ru)
Vasily Legostayev (ru)
Ivan Ledakov (ru)
Pyotr Ledenyov (ru)
Ivan Ledenyov (ru)
Ivan Ledovsky (ru)
Vakhtang Lezhava (ru)
Aleksey Lezhenin (ru)
Ivan Lezhov (ru)
Veniamin Lezin (ru)
Andrey Leykov (ru)
Pavel Leytsis (ru)
Filipp Lekarev (ru)
Georgy Leladze (ru)
Aleksandr Lelekov (ru)
Dmitry Lelyushenko (twice)
Ivan Lemaykin (ru)
Georgy Lenyov (ru)
Aleksandr Lyonkin (ru)
Sergey Leonitsky (ru)
Aleksey Leonov
Viktor Nikolayevich Leonov (twice)
Viktor Petrovich Leonov (ru)
Demokrat Leonov
Ivan Antonovich Leonov (ru)
Ivan Dmitrievich Leonov (ru)
Ivan Mikhailovich Leonov (ru)
Mikhail Alekseyevich Leonov (ru)
Mikhail Ivanovich Leonov (ru)
Nikolai Vasilyevich Leonov (ru)
Nikolai Ivanovich Leonov (ru)
Ivan Leonovich (ru)
Vasily Leontev (ru)
Pyotr Leontev (ru)
Anton Leontyuk (ru)
Nikolai Leonchenko (ru)
Nikolai Leonchikov (ru)
Gavriil Lepyokhin (ru)
Viktor Leselidze
Konstantin Leselidze
Ivan Lesik (ru)
Nikolai Leskonozhenko (ru)
Mitrofan Lesovoy (ru)
Ilya Leta (ru)
Aleksandr Letuchy (ru)
Ivan Leusenko (ru)
Nikanor Leukhin (ru)
Nikolai Leutsky (ru)
Dmitry Leushin (ru)
Marsel Lefevr (ru)
Ivan Leshanov (ru)
Anatoly Leshchyov (ru)
Vyacheslav Leshchenko (ru)
Nikolai Leshchenko (ru)
Pavel Leshchenko (ru)
Pyotr Leshchenko (ru)
Adam Leshchenko (ru)
Mikhail Libman (ru)
Viktor Liventsev (ru)
Leonid Lizunov (ru)
Aleksandr Lizyukov
Pyotr Lizyukob (ru)
Ivan Likunov (ru)
Kumza Limansky (ru)
Ilya Limonov (ru)
Nikolai Limon (ru)
Aleksandr Limorenko (ru)
Mikhail Vasilyevich Linnik (ru)
Mikhail Nikiforovich Linnik
Pavel Linnik (ru)
Aleksandr Linchuk (ru)
Grigory Linkov (ru)
Fyodor Lipatenkov (ru)
Fyodr Lipatkin (ru)
Aleksandr Lipatov (ru)
Nikolai Lipatov (ru)
Pyotr Lipachyov (ru)
Aleksandr Lipilin (ru)
German Lipkin (ru)
Pyotr Lipovenko (ru)
Aleksandr Lipunov (ru)
Ivan Lipchansky (ru)
Ivan Lisin (ru)
Sergey Lisin (ru)
Dmitry Lisitsyn (ru)
Konstantin Lisitsyn (ru)
Yuri Lisitsyn (ru)
Anna Lisitsyna
Nikolai Lisunov (ru)
Sergey Litavrin (ru)
Ivan Mironovich Litvin (ru)
Ivan Timofeyevich Litvin (ru)
Vasily Litvinenko (ru)
Grigory Litvinenko (ru)
Ivan Litvinenko (ru)
Nikolai Litvinenko (ru)
Pyotr Litvinenko (ru)
Semyon Litvinenko (ru)
Tikhon Litvinenko (ru)
Trofim Litvinenko (ru)
Vasily Litvinov (1922—1974) (ru)
Vasily Litvinov (1923—2002) (ru)
Vladimir Grigorievich Litvinov (ru)
Vladimir Ivanovich Litvinov (ru)
Dmitry Litvinov (ru)
Ivan Litvinov (ru)
Nikolai Litvinov (ru)
Pavel Litvinov (ru)
Pyotr Vasilyevich Litvinov (ru)
Pyotr Dmitrievich Litvinov (ru)
Prokofy Litvinov (ru)
Fyodor Litvinov (ru)
Larisa Litvinova
Boris Litvinchuk (ru)
Boris Litvinyuk (ru)
Grigory Litvishchenko (ru)
Lydia Litvyak
Nikolai Litovchenko (ru)
Stepan Litovchenko (ru)
Vasily Likhachyov (ru)
Viktor Likhachyov (ru)
Ivan Likhachyov (ru)
Pyotr Likhachyov (ru)
Mark Likhobaba (ru)
Ivan Likhobabin
Mikhail Likhovid (ru)
Semyon Likhovidov (ru)
Ivan Likhoy (ru)
Pyotr Likholetov (ru)
Vladimir Likhotvorik (ru)
Aleksandr Lichinko (ru)
Grigory Lishakov (ru)
Pyotr Lishafay (ru)
Aleksandr Lobanov (ru)
Andrey Lobanov (ru)
Viktor Lobanov (ru)
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Lobanov (ru)
Yevgeny Ivanovich Lobanov (ru)
Ivan Lobanov (ru)
Spartak Lobanov (ru)
Stepan Lobanov (ru)
Vladimir Lobanok (ru)
Pyotr Lobas (ru)
Mikhail Lobastev (ru)
Arkady Lobachyov (ru)
Nikolai Lobachyov (ru)
Aleksey Lobov (ru)
Georgy Lobov
Yakov Lobov (ru)
Timofei Loboda (ru)
Ivan Lobodin (ru)
Vasily Lobusov (ru)
Savely Lobusov (ru)
Nikolai Lobyrin (ru)
Stepan Lovenetsky (ru)
Viktor Lovchev (ru)
Pyotr Logvin (ru)
Filipp Logvin (ru)
Aleksey Logvinenko (ru)
Nikolai Logvinenko (ru)
Aleksandr Loginov (ru)
Aleksey Loginov (ru)
Anatoly Loginov (ru)
Arkady Loginov (ru)
Vladimir Loginov (ru)
Leonid Loginov (ru)
Mikhail Loginov (ru)
Sergey Loginov (ru)
Aleksandr Logunov (ru)
Andrey Lozhechnikov (ru)
Konstantin Kozhkin (ru)
Dmitry Loza
Konstantin Lozanenko (ru)
Ivan Lozenko (ru)
Vasily Lozov (ru)
Vasily Lozovsky (ru)
Viktor Artemevich Lozovsky (ru)
Viktor Izotovich Lozovsky (ru)
Boris Lozorenko (ru)
Aleksey Lozunenko (ru)
Grigory Loiko (ru)
Vladislav Loychikov (ru)
Ivan Loktev (ru)
Andrey Loktionov (ru)
Afanasy Loktionov (ru)
Aleksey Maksimovich Lomakin (ru)
Aleksey Yakovlevich Lomakin (ru)
Anatoly Lomakin (ru)
Vasily Andreyevich Lomakin
Vasily Ivanovich Lomakin (ru)
Eduard Lomov (ru)
Vladimir Longinov (ru)
Aleksey Lopatin (ru)
Anatoly Lopatin (ru)
Anton Lopatin
Boris Lopatin (ru)
Georgy Lopatin (ru)
Pyotr Lopatin (ru)
Fyodor Lopatin (ru)
Nikolai Lopach (ru)
Mikhail Lorin (ru)
Leonid Lorchenko (ru)
Aleksey Losev (ru)
Anatoly Losev (ru)
Oleg Losik (ru)
Ivan Loskutinkov (ru)
Vasily Loskutov (ru)
Viktor Loskutov (ru)
Stepan Loskutov (ru)
Aleksey Lokhanov (ru)
Filipp Lokhmatov (ru)
Ivan Loshak (ru)
Afanasy Loshakov (ru)
Aleksey Loshkov (ru)
Ivan Lubyanetsky (ru)
Ivan Lubyanoy (ru)
Sergey Lugansky (twice)
VasilyLugovoy (ru)
Dmitry Lugovskoy (ru)
Micheslav Lugovsky (ru)
Nikolai Lugovskoy (ru)
Nikolai Lugovtsev (ru)
Ivan Luev (ru)
Andrey Luzhetsky (ru)
Fyodor Luzan (ru)
Aleksey Luzgin (ru)
Dmitry Lukanin (ru)
Yakov Lukanin (ru)
Aleksey Lukashevich (ru)
Vasily Lukashin (ru)
Nikolai Lukashov (ru)
Afanasy Lukin (ru)
Vasily Lukin (ru)
Vladimir Lukin (ru)
Mikhail Lukin (ru)
Nikolai Lukinov (ru)
Anton Lukyanenko (ru)
Andrey Lukyanets (ru)
Aleksandr Lulyanov (ru)
Aleksey Lulyanov (ru)
Anatoly Lulyanov (ru)
Andrey Lukyanov (ru)
Sergey Lukyanov (ru)
Vasily Lukyantsev (ru)
Leonid Lukyanchikov (ru)
Grigory Lumov (ru)
Pavel Lunev (ru)
Nikolai Lunin
Yakov Lunin (ru)
Boris Lunts (ru)
Nikolai Lunkov (ru)
Dmitry Lupov (ru)
Vladimir Luppov (ru)
Yevgeny Luppov (ru)
Ivan Lupyrev (ru)
Vladimir Lursmanashvili (ru)
Pyotr Lusta (ru)
Mikhail Lusto (ru)
Nikolai Lut (ru)
Sulgi Lutfullin (ru)
Ivan Luferenko (ru)
Andrey Lutsevich (ru)
Anufry Lutsenko (ru)
Vasily Lutsenko (ru)
Ignat Lutsenko (ru)
Pyotr Lutsenko (ru)
Vladimir Lutsky (ru)
Mikhail Luchyok (ru)
Alexander Luchinsky
Pyotr Lushev
Vladimir Lushin (ru)
Aleksandr Lushnikov (ru)
Grigory Lushchenko (ru)
Nikolai Lyzenko (ru)
Vasily Lyzin (ru)
Vasily Lykov (ru)
Ivan Lysanov (ru)
Aleksandr Lysenko (ru)
Boris Lysenko (ru)
Yevgeny Lysenko (ru)
Ivan Ivanovich Lysenko (ru)
Ivan Iosifovich Lysenko (ru)
Ivan Nikiforovich Lysenko (ru)
Ivan Timofeyevich Lysenko (ru)
Nikolai Yemelyanovich Lysenko (ru)
Nikolai Kalistratovich Lysenko (ru)
Fyodor Lysenko (ru)
Aleksey Lysenkov (ru)
Mikhail Lysov (ru)
Pyotr Lytanov (ru)
Dmitry Lykhin (ru)
Sergey Lykhin (ru)
Stepan Lychakov (ru)
Zakhar Lyshenya (ru)
Semyon Lvov (ru)
Vasily Lyubavin (ru)
Nikolai Lyubarsky (ru)
Nikolai Lyubezny (ru)
Mikhail Lyubimenko (ru)
Aleksey Lyubimov (ru)
Ivan Lyubimov (ru)
Mikhail Lyubichev (ru)
Mikhail Lyubov (ru)
Ivan Lyubushkin (ru)
Aleksandr Lyudvichenko (ru)
Ivan Lyudnikov
Pavlin Lyulin (ru)
Sergey Lyulin (ru)
Vladimir Lyusin (ru)
Yevgeny Lyutikov (ru)
Vladislav Lyutkevich (ru)
Aleksandr Lyuty (ru)
Grigory Lyuty (ru)
Viktor Lyagin (ru)
Anatoly Lyadenko (ru)
Grigory Lyadov (ru)
Ivan Lyadov (ru)
Timofei Lyadsky (ru)
Ivan Lyakin (ru)
Boris Lyalin (ru)
Vasily Lyalin (ru)
Grigory Lyalko (ru)
Stepan Lyamin (ru)
Aleksandr Lyangasov (ru)
Anatoly Lyapidevsky
Anatoly Lyapkin (ru)
Viktor Lyapolov (ru)
Stepan Lyapota (ru)
Boris Lyakh (ru)
Daniil Lyakh (ru)
Nikolai Lyakh (ru)
Vladimir Lyakhov (twice)
Georgy Lyakhov (ru)
Login Lyakhov (ru)
Yakov Lyakhov (ru)
Ivan Lyashenko (ru)
Nikolai Lyashchenko
References
Lists of Heroes of the Soviet Union
Kofleriaceae is an aerobic family of bacteria from the order of Myxococcales.
See also
List of bacterial orders
List of bacteria genera
References
Further reading
Myxococcota
Gambling advertising is the promotion of gambling by casinos, lotteries, bookmakers or other organisations that provide the opportunity to make bets. It is usually conducted through a variety of media or through sponsorship deals, particularly with sporting events or people.
Although not as highly regulated as tobacco advertising and alcohol advertising, in many countries there are strict laws about the way in which such services can be marketed.
Gaming operators often sponsor sporting events, sportspeople or television coverage. For example, Bet365 sponsor snooker players and the Channel 4 coverage of The 2005 Ashes was sponsored by Betfair, both being online betting sites. In other instances, they will do stunts to get public attention. For example, many professional boxers have been sponsored by GoldenPalace.com, and sport temporary Golden Palace tattoos on their bodies.
To get around advertising restrictions, some online poker companies advertise free-play sites, like PartyPoker.net and PokerStars.net, and sometimes even call these free sites "poker schools". These sites restrict access to those of legal age, even though it is not required.
In Australia, the principal gaming agency TAB (Totalisator Agency Board) ran advertisements on TV during the 1990s, under the tagline "The Adrenaline Bet" (a play on the company's name). Since then, the TAB has been restricted from all advertising on television and other media, but is still allowed to print race dividends in the newspaper.
From September 2007 the UK banned the advertising of around 1,000 gambling sites because they do not meet the guidelines dictated by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
Channel 4 Racing enjoyed a turnaround in its financial fortunes after UK law was changed to allow bookmakers to advertise directly on TV; it now contains bookmakers' adverts placed within the programme, shortly before each race.
In 2018, the BBC found links to gambling websites on the junior sections of the websites of several football clubs.
Notes
External links
Joint Committee on the Draft Gambling Bill First Report
Television Bureau of Canada Guidelines: Gambling Advertising
Casinocitypress.com: Advertising and the Law
Gambling and society
Advertising by product
A fish sandwich is, most generally, any kind of sandwich made with fish. The term is frequently used to describe food made with breaded, fried fish, which are commonly found in fast food venues.
In American English, a sandwich is any two pieces of bread with filling, including rolls and buns; in British English (and also some other national English varieties such as those of Australia and New Zealand), the word sandwich is defined more narrowly, to require the pieces of bread to be sliced from a loaf, and a roll or bun with filling would not generally be called a sandwich. Thus, what would be considered a fish sandwich in the US may not be considered a sandwich at all in some other English-speaking countries, if it is on a roll or bun as opposed to sliced bread. In Australia, a piece of whole fried fish served on hamburger-style bun would be called a fish burger; that would not generally be considered to be burger in American English, since in American English a burger requires a patty made of ground meat, so something could only be a fish burger if it contained a patty made of ground fish.
Examples include:
Fish finger sandwich, a sandwich made with fish fingers popular in Britain where it is a comfort food.
Tuna sandwich, usually made from canned tuna combined with other ingredients, and which has been called "the mainstay of almost everyone's American childhood".
Salmon burger, a type of fishcake made mostly from salmon in the style of a hamburger, common in Alaska where they are routinely offered as an alternative to beef hamburgers.
Fried fish sandwiches such as the Filet-O-Fish (from McDonald's) and BK Big Fish (Burger King).
Fischbrötchen, a sandwich made with fish and other components commonly eaten in Northern Germany, due to the region's proximity to the North Sea and Baltic Sea.
Balık ekmek (lit. fish bread), a Turkish fish sandwich made with mackerel fillets or other oily fish, which is a specialty of the seafood stalls lining the docks of İstanbul.
References
See also
Fishcake, a product used as a patty between buns, for some fish burgers
Seafood sandwiches
Matt Pivec is an American saxophonist and the director of Jazz Studies at Butler University.
Work
Pivec has been a prolific saxophonist working with several leading musicians and musical groups including Ray Charles, The Temptations, Dave Rivello, Bob Brookmeyer, Peter Erskine, Maria Schneider, Julia Dollison and Melvin Rhyne. He has also toured with Broadway shows like Hairspray and The Producers. Pivec not only plays jazz, he also is a skilled classical musician. He often plays with classical groups like the Rochester Philharmonic Pops Orchestra.
Teaching
Beyond Pivec's collaborations and performances, he also serves as the director of Jazz studies at Butler University. Before becoming director at Butler, Pivec taught at California State University, Stanislaus and Cornell University.
Education
Doctor of Musical Arts, Eastman School of Music
Master of Music, Eastman School of Music
Bachelor of Music Education, University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire
References
Living people
American jazz soprano saxophonists
American jazz tenor saxophonists
American classical saxophonists
University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire alumni
Eastman School of Music alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Butler University faculty
California State University, Stanislaus faculty
Cornell University faculty
Jazz musicians from California
A pongo is a word used in the Peruvian Spanish dialect for 'canyon'. It is derived from either Quechua puncu and the Aymara ponco, meaning 'door' or 'gate.'
See:
The Pongo de Manseriche: a gorge in northwest Peru where the Marañón River runs. The Marañón River has 35 miles of pongo before it joins the Amazon River.
The Pongo de Mainique: the most dangerous whitewater pass on the Urubamba River.
The Huallaga River forms the Pongo de Aguirre when crossing a part of the Andes.
Notes
References
.
.
.
Geography of Loreto Region
Landforms of Amazonas (Brazilian state)
The 3rd Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1761, the 3rd general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 3rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1874 Nova Scotia general election, the 25th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 26th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 3rd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
John Milton "Jack" Gaver Jr. (September 17, 1940 – January 15, 2002) was an American trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses. He was the son of National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame trainer John M. Gaver Sr., who was head trainer for the Whittney family's Greentree Stable for 38 years. In 1977 his father suffered a stroke and John Jr. took over his responsibilities at Greentree where he would remain for the next fifteen years. For Greentree he trained back-to-back Champions Late Bloomer in 1978 and Bowl Game in 1979.
Among his important wins, John Gaver Jr. won the most important turf races at the time including the 1979 Turf Classic Invitational Handicap and Washington, D.C. International Stakes (Forerunner to the Breeders' Cup), and in 1981 the Rothmans International Stakes.
John Gaver Jr. died at age 61 in Hollywood, Florida where he had been working as a track steward. He was buried in the Lexington Cemetery in Lexington, Kentucky.
References
1940 births
2002 deaths
American horse trainers
Ramy Sabry may refer to:
Ramy Sabry (singer) (born 1978), Egyptian singer
Ramy Sabry (footballer) (born 1987), Egyptian footballer
This is a list of airports in Kansas (a U.S. state), grouped by type and sorted by location. It contains all public-use and military airports in the state. Some private-use and former airports may be included where notable, such as airports that were previously public-use, those with commercial enplanements recorded by the FAA or airports assigned an IATA airport code.
The largest airport located in the state is Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport, a Class C airport.
Airports
Footnotes:
See also
Essential Air Service
Kansas World War II Army Airfields
Wikipedia:WikiProject Aviation/Airline destination lists: North America#Kansas
References
Sources
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA):
FAA Airport Data (Form 5010) from National Flight Data Center (NFDC), also available from AirportIQ 5010
National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems (2017–2021), released September 2016
Passenger Boarding (Enplanement) Data for CY 2019 and 2020, updated November 8, 2021
Kansas Department of Transportation (KDOT):
Division of Aviation
Other sites used as a reference when compiling and updating this list:
Aviation Safety Network – used to check IATA airport codes
Great Circle Mapper: Airports in Kansas – used to check IATA and ICAO airport codes
Abandoned & Little-Known Airfields: Kansas – used for information on former airports
Largest Airports in Kansas - used for updated flight counts and airlines
Airports
Kansas
Airports
The 82d Training Wing, sometimes written as 82nd Training Wing, (82 TRW) is a United States Air Force unit assigned to the Air Education and Training Command, Second Air Force. It is stationed at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas where it is also the host unit.
The 82nd Training Wing produces more than 62,000 graduates annually in more than 1,000 technical training courses. The primary training includes aircraft maintenance, civil engineering, nuclear and conventional munitions, aerospace ground equipment, avionics, electricians and plumbers and telecommunications training conducted by the four assigned training groups.
The unit's history goes back to the 82nd Fighter Group, which was a Twelfth and Fifteenth Air Force combat unit that fought in North Africa and Italy during World War II. During the early years of the Cold War, the 82nd Fighter Wing was a Strategic Air Command fighter escort and tactical fighter unit.
The commander of the 82nd Training Wing is Brigadier General Lyle K Drew. The Command Chief Master Sergeant is Chief Master Sergeant John P. Chilcote.
Units
The 82 TRW is the largest of four technical training wings in Air Education and Training Command and is diversified in scope of training. The 82d, 782d, and 982d Training Groups conduct training at Sheppard and at geographically separated locations around the country. The 982d Training Group conducts training at locations worldwide.
82d Training Group (82 TRG)
The 82nd Training Group is responsible for aircraft maintenance and armament and munitions including nuclear munitions. The 82d Training Group provides aircraft maintenance and munitions training to satisfy the full range of customer requirements for respective apportioned United States Air Force specialties, including officer and enlisted initial skills courses in 17 different Air Force Specialty Codes, advanced and supplemental courses, the Maintenance Course for Operational Commanders, and the Mission Generation Road Course.
359th Training Squadron (359 TRS)
361st Training Squadron (361 TRS)
362nd Training Squadron (362 TRS)
363rd Training Squadron (363 TRS)
782nd Training Group (782 TRG)
The 782d Training Group is the most diverse group in Air Education and Training Command, with courses in seven distinctly different career fields in four training squadrons. The 782d Training Group is also responsible for a diverse set of training to include aircraft systems and telecommunications, avionics test equipment, combat avionics, flight line training and explosive ordnance disposal. They are also responsible for electrical, fuels and mechanical training. Detachments 1, 3, and 6 are responsible for media production and interactive courseware.
364th Training Squadron
365th Training Squadron
366th Training Squadron
367th Training Support Squadron (Hill AFB, UT)
368th Training Squadron (Fort Leonard Wood, MO)
982d Training Group (982 TRG)
The 982d Training Group provides quality hands-on aircraft, munitions and communications-electronics maintenance training to meet the evolving needs of its primary customer, the first-line supervisor. The 982d Training Group has more than 1,200 people assigned within two training squadrons and one maintenance squadron. The 982d Training Group provides weapon systems training at 44 detachments and operating locations worldwide. Exercising single-point training management, the group is the Air Education and Training Command's first point of contact for many weapons systems. In this capacity, the 982d develops comprehensive training programs and provides technical support for design and development of training equipment during acquisition and modification of aircraft and associated equipment. The vision of the 982nd Training Group is to provide field training and training support that makes a lasting difference.
372nd Training Squadron (372 TRS)
373rd Training Squadron (373 TRS)
982nd Maintenance Squadron (982 MXS)
82nd Mission Support Group (82 MSG)
The 82nd Mission Support Group provides security, personnel support, food services, communications, contracting services, logistics, supplies, vehicle maintenance, housing, lodging, facility maintenance and emergency services for Sheppard's two wings and 17 tenants composed of more than 5,900 military, civilian and contractor personnel, 81,900 joint trainees annually and 9,200 dependents and retirees.
82d Communications Squadron (82 CS)
82d Security Forces Squadron (82 SFS)
82d Force Support Squadron (82 FSS)
82d Civil Engineer Squadron (82 CES)
82d Logistics Readiness Squadron (82 LRS)
82d Contracting Squadron (82 CONS)
82d Medical Group (82 MDG)
The 82nd Medical Group provides comprehensive health services for 20,000 beneficiaries for the Sheppard military community and surrounding referral areas. Large numbers of group personnel are ready to deploy in response to any contingency worldwide. Additionally, the 82nd Medical Group provides aerospace and physiology services for the NATO alliance and Department of Defense instructors and their families in the Euro-NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training Program.
82d Medical Operations Squadron (82 MDOS)
82d Dental Squadron (82 DS)
82d Aerospace Medical Squadron (82 AMDS)
82d Medical Support Squadron (82 MDSS)
Additionally, the 82d Comptroller Squadron (82 CPTS) reports directly to the 82 TRW.
History
The wing's history started with the 82d Fighter Group, which fought in Europe during World War II.
Cold War
The 82d was established as a Strategic Air Command fighter wing on 28 July 1947 at Grenier Field, New Hampshire. The 82d Fighter Wing was established in accordance with the Hobson Plan which established a controlling wing at each Air Force Base that commanding all groups and support units on the facility. However, the Air Force did not organize (assign personnel) to the wing until 15 August 1947. The wing was attached to the 307th Bomb Wing from 15 August 1947 to 15 December 1948. On 16 December 1948 the wing was reassigned to Fifteenth Air Force.
The operational flying component of the wing was the 82d Fighter Group, composed of the 95th, 96th and 97th Fighter Squadrons and were equipped with Lockheed P-38 Lightning aircraft. Most officers that arrived were rated pilots that had recently returned to military life. Many had World War II combat experience. Many officers and enlisted men arrived at Grenier from 62nd Fighter Squadron, a unit that had just returned from a winter test in Alaska.
The wing was relieved of its responsibilities to the Fifteenth Air Force on 22 August 1949 and was inactivated on 20 October 1949.
Air Training Command
The 82d replaced and absorbed resources of the 3525th Pilot Training Wing in February 1973 at Williams Air Force Base, Arizona and assumed undergraduate pilot training operations in Cessna T-37 Tweet and Northrop T-38 Talon aircraft. Assigned to the wing were the 96th and 97th Flying Training Squadrons.
On 19 September 1976, the first women entered undergraduate pilot training. Ten female students were in Class 77-08. First Lieutenant Christine E. Schott became the first woman to solo in the T-38. On 2 September 1977, Class 77-08 graduated. The ten women received their wings along with 36 male classmates. In March 1978, the 82d's first female instructor pilot, Capt Connie Engel, was assigned to the 97th Fighter Training Squadron to instruct T-38 students.
Air Training Command activated the 98th and the 99th Flying Training Squadrons on 1 June 1988 to test a four-squadron organization. The test showed the wing needed a fifth squadron to provide operational support. On 1 September 1989, ATC activated the 100th Flying Training Squadron.
In 1991 Congress approved the second round of base closures, as identified by the Base Realignment and Closure Commission. On that list was Williams. The base was to cease operation as of 30 September 1993. With Williams scheduled to close, ATC decided to move part of that base's T-38 fleet to Sheppard Air Force Base during 1992.
HQ USAF redesignated the 82d Flying Training Wing as the 82d Training Wing and assigned the designation to Air Education and Training Command on 1 July 1993. The 82d was inactivated at Williams and HQ AETC activated the 82d Training Wing at Sheppard and assigned it to Second Air Force. The 82d's new mission was to conduct ground technical training. The 82d also became the host unit at Sheppard.
The 782d Training Group was activated on 23 March 1994 and assigned it to the 82d Training Wing. At the same time, the 396th Technical Training Group changed its name to the 82d Training Group, the 82d Medical Group became the 882d Training Group, and the 82d Field Training Group became the 982d Training Group. On 30 March, the wing began providing mission ready technician training, first in the C-141 crew chief course and, a day later, in the F-16 crew chief course. The C-141 program graduated its first class in August, followed in September by the F-16 class.
Lineage
Established as the 82 Fighter Wing on 28 July 1947
Organized on 15 August 1947
Inactivated on 2 October 1949
Redesignated 82 Flying Training Wing on 22 June 1972
Activated on 1 February 1973
Inactivated on 31 March 1993
Redesignated 82 Training Wing and activated on 1 July 1993
Assignments
Strategic Air Command, 15 August 1947 (attached to 307 Bombardment Wing)
Fifteenth Air Force, 16 December 1948
First Air Force, 22 August – 2 October 1949
Air Training Command, 1 February 1973 – 31 March 1993
Second Air Force, 1 July 1993 – present
Components
Groups
82d Airdrome Group (later 82d Air Base Group, 82d Support Group, 82d Mission Support Group): 15 August 1947 – 2 October 1949, 1 February 1973 – 31 March 1993, 1 June 1993 – present
82d Field Training Group (later 982d Training Group): 1 June 1993 – present
82d Fighter Group (later 82d Operations Group): 15 August 1947 – 2 October 1949 (detached 4–29 April June 1948), 15 December 1991 – 31 March 1993
82d Maintenance & Supply Group (later 82d Logistics Group): 15 August 1947 – 2 October 1949, 15 December 1991 – 31 March 1993, 1 July 1993 – 1 August 2002
82d Medical Training Group (later 882d Training Group): 1 June 1993 – 15 September 2011
82 Station Medical Groups (later 82d Medical Group, 82d Flying Training Wing Clinic, 82d Medical Squadron, 82d Medical Group): 15 August 1947 – 2 October 1949, 1988 – 31 March 1993, 1 June 1993 – present
82d Technical Training Group (later 82d Training Group): c. 1 June 1993 – present
782d Training Group: c. 1 July 1994 – present
882d Training Group (see 82d Medical Training Group)
982d Training Group (see 82d Field Training Group)
Squadrons
82d Comptroller Squadron: 1 June 1993 – present
82d Field Maintenance Squadron, 1 February 1973 – 3 April 1990
82d Medical Squadron (see 82d Station Medical Group)
82d Organizational Maintenance Squadron, 1 February 1973 – c. 3 April 1990
96th Flying Training Squadron: 1 February 1973 – 15 December 1991
97th Flying Training Squadron: 1 February 1973 – 15 December 1991
98th Flying Training Squadron: 1 June 1988 – 15 December 1991
99th Flying Training Squadron: 1 June 1988 – 15 December 1991
100th Flying Training Squadron: 1 September 1989 – 15 December 1991
Other
USAF Hospital, Williams: 15 October 1970 – 1988 (consolidated with 82d Station Medical Group)
82d Flying Training Wing Clinic (see 82d Station Medical Group)
Stations
Grenier Field (later Grenier Air Force Base)], New Hampshire, 15 August 1947 – 2 October 1949
Williams Air Force Base, Arizona, 1 February 1973 – 31 March 1993
Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas, 1 July 1993 – present
Aircraft operated
North American P-51 Mustang (later F-51) (1947–1949)
Cessna T-37 Tweet (1973–1992)
Northrop T-38 Talon (1973–1993)
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Sheppard AFB Home Page
0082
Air force technical training units and formations
Military units and formations in Texas
Military units and formations established in 1947
Grupo Desportivo Sourense is a Portuguese football club based in Soure. Founded in 1947, it currently competes in the Coimbra FA Division of Honour, holding home games at Campo António Coelho Rodrigues, with a 1,500 capacity.
Recent Seasons
Honours
Terceira Divisão
2012–13
Coimbra Regional League
1986–87; 1990–91; 2016–17
Coaches
Paulo Neves (2004–2005)
José Viterbo (2005–2007)
Rui Carlos (2007–2008)
Ricardo Namora (2008–2009)
Nuno Raquete (2009–2015)
Rafael Silva (2015–)
Supporter Groups
Fúria Negra – since 2006
External links
Official Facebook Page
Supporter Group Page
Football clubs in Portugal
Association football clubs established in 1947
1947 establishments in Portugal
Federal Government College, Wukari is a high coeducational school for both mixed genders. It is located at Wukari Taraba, Nigeria.
It was established along with 109 federal own secondary school as one among the unity schools in Various states of the federation. The school was open in October 1978 at Wukari, Zaki Bam, a temporary place before locating to the main site in 1980.
The first Principal was Mr. S.N. Abia.
Notes
Educational institutions established in 1978
1978 establishments in Nigeria
External links
school website
Little Caesar is a 1931 American pre-Code crime film distributed by Warner Brothers, directed by Mervyn LeRoy, and starring Edward G. Robinson, Glenda Farrell, and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. The film tells the story of a hoodlum who ascends the ranks of organized crime until he reaches its upper echelons. The storyline was adapted from the novel of the same name by William R. Burnett. Little Caesar was Robinson's breakthrough role and immediately made him a major film star. The film is often listed as one of the first fully-fledged gangster films and continues to be well received by critics.
In 2000, Little Caesar was included in the annual selection of 25 motion pictures added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" and recommended for preservation. The Library of Congress maintains a print.
Plot
Small-time criminals Caesar Enrico "Rico" Bandello and his friend Joe Massara move to Chicago to seek their fortunes. Rico joins the gang of Sam Vettori, while Joe wants to be a dancer. Olga becomes his dance partner and girlfriend.
Joe tries to drift away from the gang and its activities, but Rico makes him participate in the robbery of the nightclub where he works. Despite orders from underworld overlord "Big Boy" to all his men to avoid bloodshed, Rico guns down crusading crime commissioner Alvin McClure during the robbery, with Joe as an aghast witness.
Rico accuses Sam of becoming soft and seizes control of his organization. Rival boss "Little Arnie" Lorch tries to have Rico killed, but Rico is only grazed. He and his gunmen pay Little Arnie a visit, after which Arnie hastily departs for Detroit. The Big Boy eventually gives Rico control of all of Chicago's Northside.
Rico becomes concerned that Joe knows too much about him. He warns Joe that he must forget about Olga and join him in a life of crime. Rico threatens to kill both Joe and Olga unless he accedes, but Joe refuses to give in. Olga calls Police Sergeant Flaherty and tells him Joe is ready to talk, just before Rico and his henchman Otero come calling. Rico finds, to his surprise, that he is unable to take his friend's life. When Otero tries to do the job himself, Rico wrestles the gun away from him, though not before Joe is wounded. Hearing the shot, Flaherty and another police officer give chase and injure and capture Otero. With information provided by Olga, Flaherty proceeds to crush Rico's organization.
Desperate and alone, Rico "retreats to the gutter from which he sprang." While hiding in a flophouse, he becomes enraged when he learns that Flaherty has called him a coward in the newspaper. He foolishly telephones the police to announce he is coming for him. The call is traced, and he is gunned down by Flaherty behind a billboard – an advertisement featuring dancers Joe and Olga – and, dying, utters his final words, "Mother of mercy, is this the end of Rico?"
Cast
Edward G. Robinson as Caesar Enrico "Rico" Bandello / "Little Caesar"
Douglas Fairbanks Jr. as Joe Massara
Glenda Farrell as Olga Stassoff
William Collier Jr. as Tony Passa
Sidney Blackmer as Big Boy
Ralph Ince as Pete Montana
Thomas E. Jackson as Sergeant/Lieutenant Thomas Flaherty
Stanley Fields as Sam Vettori
Maurice Black as Little Arnie Lorch
George E. Stone as Otero
Landers Stevens as Alvin McClure - Crime Commissioner
Production
Clark Gable was sought out for a role in the film, albeit with conflicting perspectives in memoirs; Jack L. Warner said that LeRoy wanted Gable for the lead role, while LeRoy stated that he wanted Gable for the second lead role, but at any rate Warner turned Gable down. Robinson had already played a gangster in plays such as The Racket and The Widow from Chicago (1930), a First National Pictures production.
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Little Caesar holds an approval rating of 92%, based on 24 reviews, and an average rating of 7.43/10.
Award and honors
4th Academy Awards: Adapted Screenplay ‒ Nominated
National Film Registry: Selected by the Library of Congress in 2000
American Film Institute:
AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies: Nominated in both 1998 and 2007
AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills: Nominated
AFI's 100 Years...100 Heroes and Villains: Rico – #38 villain
AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes: "Mother of mercy, is this the end of Rico?"– #73
AFI's 10 Top 10: #9 gangster film
Legacy
Together with The Public Enemy (1931) and Scarface (1932), Little Caesar proved to be influential in developing the gangster film genre, establishing many themes and conventions that have been used since then.
The film's box office success also spawned the production of several successful gangster films, many of which were also made by Warner Brothers. It is listed in the film reference book 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die, which says "Mervyn LeRoy's Little Caesar helped to define the gangster movie while serving as an allegory of production circumstances because it was produced during the Great Depression— Leavening this theme alongside the demands of social conformity during the early 1930s means that LeRoy's screen classic is far more than the simple sum of its parts."
See also
Pre-Code crime films
History of Pre-Code Hollywood: Crime films
References
External links
Little Caeser 1931
Little Caesar essay by Daniel Eagan in America's Film Legacy: The Authoritative Guide to the Landmark Movies in the National Film Registry, Bloomsbury Academic, 2010 , pages 176-178
1931 films
1931 crime drama films
American crime drama films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
Films based on American novels
Films based on crime novels
Films based on works by W. R. Burnett
Films directed by Mervyn LeRoy
Films set in Chicago
First National Pictures films
American gangster films
Films about the American Mafia
United States National Film Registry films
Warner Bros. films
Films produced by Hal B. Wallis
Films produced by Darryl F. Zanuck
Films with screenplays by Robert Lord (screenwriter)
1930s American films
Films with screenplays by Francis Edward Faragoh
2000 Rugby League World Cup qualifying was contested by the national rugby league football teams of Lebanon, the United States, Morocco, Canada, Italy and Japan for the 16th spot in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup tournament. Lebanon won the tournament and went on to the World Cup.
Qualified teams
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier and co-host)
(automatic qualifier and co-host)
(automatic qualifier and co-host)
(automatic qualifier and co-host)
(automatic qualifier and co-host)
(automatic qualifier)
(automatic qualifier)
(winner of the qualifying group)
First round
Pool A
The first pool of World Cup qualifiers involved teams from the Mediterranean; Lebanon, Italy and Morocco. Pool A qualifier were held in France.
Pool B
The second pool of World Cup qualifiers involved teams from the Pacific Rim; United States, Japan and Canada. Pool B qualifiers were held in Orlando, Florida, United States.
Second round
References
1999 in rugby league
Qualifying
1999 in Lebanese sport
1999 in Italian sport
1999 in Moroccan sport
1999 in American sports
1999 in Japanese sport
1999 in Canadian sports
International sports competitions hosted by Morocco
The fifteenth season of the American talent show competition series America's Got Talent was broadcast on NBC from May 26 to September 23, 2020. Following the previous season, both Julianne Hough and Gabrielle Union left the program, leading to both being replaced prior to filming. Heidi Klum was brought back to resume her former role, while Sofía Vergara was hired to join her as a new judge on the judging panel. Simon Cowell missed the live shows, after sustaining an injury in August. While the first two quarter-finals featured guest judges in his place, the remainder of the live episodes were conducted without any further stand-ins.
The fifteenth season was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic that hit the United States in 2020, which affected arrangements for pre-recorded and live episodes. While most audition episodes had been filmed by the end of April (despite minor issues), remaining episodes were disrupted, but resumed after safety measures were implemented to prevent the risk of the infection spreading among staff and participants. Format changes included the use of a virtual audience for the live rounds, an alteration in the program's broadcast schedule for that year, and a revamp to the format for the Judge Cuts round that would condense it into a single episode while featuring no guest judges as in previous seasons.
The fifteenth season was won by spoken word poet Brandon Leake, with singing guitarists duo Broken Roots finishing second, and singer Cristina Rae placing third. During its broadcast, the season averaged around 6.61 million viewers.
Season overview
Open auditions were held in late 2019, with closed auditions held across January to March the following year. Prior to the main auditions taking place, replacements were made for Julianne Hough and Gabrielle Union, who had been let go following the conclusion of the previous season. On February 27, 2020, it was announced that Heidi Klum would return as judge, in addition to newcomer Sofía Vergara.
The season was impacted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which affected television and film shoots across the globe. Although it had been partially disrupted by Klum falling ill, leading to Eric Stonestreet standing in for her during an audition session, restrictions imposed by the United States to combat the spread of COVID-19 caused the program to initially move to filming without an audience present at auditions (before production was ultimately suspended). Additional auditions were later allowed, but these had to be conducted online as a safety precaution. By April 27, the season would broadcast as planned and premiere on May 26, with the season featuring a hiatus after the audition episodes had been aired with the footage that had already been filmed.
In mid-June, production of the season resumed following changes in guidelines for media production by Californian state government, and discussions between industry unions, producers and local officials. While the Judges Cuts stage was held at an outdoor venue in Simi Valley, California, it required implementing some health and safety protocols including: performances conducted via videoconferencing on a cinema screen, masks being mandatory for all personnel when off-camera, enforced social distancing and regular testing of staff. The format was also changed with the number of participants for this stage reduced from seventy-two to sixty. No guest judges or Golden Buzzers were involved, and each participant were given a verdict after their performance. Cowell notably approved the change in format, including the decision to condense all footage taken into a single episode, having disliked the arrangement used in previous seasons.
By the end of July, a decision on how to produce the live round episodes was reached to include a virtual audience for these rounds. Applications were made available within the week of July 28, in order to maintain safe working conditions, with Universal Studios Hollywood chosen as the venue for performances to take place within. This included an expansion in the number of quarter-finalists for the season, an additional quarter-final, and a change to the number of semi-finalists that each quarter-final had. Prior to the first quarter-final's live broadcast, Cowell had an accident that left him with a severe back injury. After undergoing surgery to help repair the damage, he stepped-down from the live episodes until doctors approved his return. Guest judges appeared during Cowell's absence for the first two quarter-finals, before deciding to have the remaining live episodes stick to using a judging panel of three.
Of the participants who auditioned for this season, forty-four secured a place in the live quarter-finals, with eleven quarter-finalists in each one. Among these included: singer Roberta Battaglia, choir Voices of our City Choir, spoken word poet Brandon Leake and singer Cristina Rae and dance group W.A.F.F.L.E. Crew, who had each received a Golden Buzzer from the main judges and host. About twenty-two quarter-finalists advanced and were split between the two semi-finals, with ten semi-finalists securing a place in the finals. The following below lists the results of each participant's overall performance in this season:
| | | |
| Wildcard Semi-finalist | Golden Buzzer Audition
Ages denoted for a participant(s), pertain to their final performance for this season.
This act initially failed to pass through the Judge Cuts stage, but was later brought back for the quarter-finals after a quarter-finalist was forced to drop out.
This participant initially pulled out from the contest for health reasons before the quarter-finals, but later returned as a Wildcard act for the semi-finals after being given the all clear by producers.
Quarter-finals summary
Buzzed Out | Judges' choice |
| |
Quarter-final 1 (August 11)
Guest Performers, Results Show: Mat Franco and Kodi Lee
Kelly Clarkson filled in for Simon Cowell while he recovered from a back injury sustained prior to August 11.
Quarter-final 2 (August 18)
Guest Performers, Results Show: Darci Lynne and Jabbawockeez
Kenan Thompson filled in for Simon Cowell while he continued to recover from a back injury sustained prior to August 11.
Quarter-final 3 (August 25)
Guest Performer, Results Show: Jon Dorenbos
Dance Town Family were later brought back as a Wildcard act for the Semi-finals.
Quarter-final 4 (September 1)
Guest Performers, Results Show: Cam and Duo Transcend
Semi-finals summary
Buzzed Out | Judges' choice |
| |
Semi-final 1 (September 8)
Guest Performers, Results Show: Piff the Magic Dragon, David Copperfield, and Ndlovu Youth Choir
Semi-final 2 (September 15)
Guest Performers, Results Show: BTS and Colin Cloud
Due to the majority vote for BAD Salsa, Klum's voting intention was not revealed.
Finals (September 22–23)
Guest Performers, Finale: David Dobrik, Detroit Youth Choir, Meghan Markle, and Usher
| | |
Alan Silva and Bello Sisters conducted a joint routine for their second performance, and thus shared the same guest performers.
Kenadi Dodds and Roberta Battaglia conducted a joint routine for their second performance, and thus shared the same guest performers.
Ratings
References
2020 American television seasons
America's Got Talent seasons
Television series impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
Los Metros is a faction of a Mexican drug trafficking organization known as the Gulf Cartel. The group was formed in the late 1980s during the reign of Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, the former leader of the cartel, to provide security to the organization's leaders as the cartel's armed wing. The leader of Los Metros, Mario Ramirez Treviño, alias X-20, was arrested on 17 August 2013.
Fight with Los Rojos
In the late 1990s, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, the former leader of the Gulf cartel, had other similar groups besides Los Zetas established in several cities in Tamaulipas. Each of these groups were identified by their radio codes: the Rojos were based in Reynosa; the Metros were headquartered in Matamoros; and the Lobos were established in Laredo. The infighting between the Metros and the Rojos of the Gulf cartel began in 2010, when Juan Mejía González, nicknamed El R-1, was overlooked as the candidate of the regional boss of Reynosa and was sent to the "Frontera Chica," an area that encompasses Miguel Alemán, Camargo and Ciudad Mier – directly across the U.S.–Mexico border from Starr County, Texas. The area that Mejía González wanted was given to Samuel Flores Borrego, suggesting that the Metros were above the Rojos.
Unconfirmed information released by The Monitor indicated that two leaders of the Rojos, Mejía González and Rafael Cárdenas Vela, teamed up to kill Flores Borrego. Cárdenas Vela had held a grudge on Flores Borrego and the Metros because he believed that they had led the Mexican military to track down and kill his uncle Antonio Cárdenas Guillén (Tony Tormenta) on 5 November 2010. Other sources indicate that the infighting could have been caused by the suspicions that the Rojos were "too soft" on the Gulf cartel's bitter enemy, Los Zetas. When the Gulf cartel and Los Zetas split in early 2010, some members of the Rojos stayed with the Gulf cartel, while others decided to leave and join the forces of Los Zetas.
InSight Crime explains that the fundamental disagreement between the Rojos and the Metros was over leadership. Those who were more loyal to the Cárdenas family stayed with the Rojos, while those loyal to Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez, like Flores Borrego, defended the Metros.
Originally, the Gulf cartel was running smoothly, but the infighting between the two factions in the Gulf cartel triggered when Flores Borrego was killed on 2 September 2011. When the Rojos turned on the Metros, the largest faction in the Gulf cartel, firefights broke throughout Tamaulipas and drug loads were stolen among each other, but the Metros managed to retain control of the major cities that stretched from Matamoros to Miguel Alemán, Tamaulipas.
References
Organizations established in the 1990s
1990s establishments in Mexico
Gangs in Mexico
Gulf Cartel
Matamoros, Tamaulipas
Mexican drug war
The George E. Goodman Jr. House, at 492 Randolph St. in Napa, California, was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It is a two-and-a-half-story Queen Anne-style building built upon a raised basement. It has a corner tower.
Its National Register nomination calls it "one of Napa's most successfully executed examples of late nineteenth-century residential architecture. It embodies the aesthetic ideals of the Queen Anne style through its design and detailing and shows the type of house that attracted prosperous Napans at the end of the Victorian era. It also indicates the growing importance of family rather than personal wealth. When compared with the hundreds of other residences from the period in Napa, the Goodman House emerges as one of the ten or twelve most significant."
See also
George E. Goodman Mansion
References
National Register of Historic Places in Napa County, California
Queen Anne architecture in California
Houses completed in 1891
Tokyo Jukebox 2 is the tenth studio album by the American guitarist Marty Friedman. Similar to the first cover album Tokyo Jukebox, this album is a collection of instrumental covers of Japanese songs, produced and arranged by Marty Friedman himself.
Track listing
References
"Tokyo Jukebox, Vols. 1-2 - Marty Friedman"
2011 albums
Marty Friedman albums
Covers albums
Casimir I of Cieszyn (, , ; 1280/90 – ), was Duke of Cieszyn from 1315, Duke of Siewierz from 1337 and Duke of Bytom from 1357.
He was the second son of Mieszko I, Duke of Cieszyn by his wife, probably called Grzymisława.
Life
After death of his father in 1315, Casimir I gained the southwestern part of the duchy, centered around the town of Cieszyn. His marriage to Euphemia of Czersk founded a tradition of relationships of Cieszyn Piasts with Masovian Piasts.
Casimir I initially had good relations with Władysław I the Elbow-high, who became the King of Poland in 1320. But when during 1321–1324 Lithuanian forces supporting Elbow-high plundered Cieszyn, Casimir I broke with the Polish King. He then became a closer ally of John of Luxembourg, King of Bohemia and swore homage to him on 8 February 1327 in Opava; in exchange for his submission, Casimir I received the promise of inheritance of Oświęcim. Fifteen days later, on 23 February, he received Cieszyn as a hereditary possession, maintaining a large internal sovereignty.
Casimir I wanted to maintain the territorial unity of his Duchy, so he chose only one of his sons to be his successor – firstly the eldest, Władysław, and after his early death in 1355 the third, but the only one who remained outside the Church, Przemysław Noszak – and the others were destined for a Church career. In 1337 he acquired the districts of Siewierz and Czeladź from the Dukes of Bytom by 720 fines; also, he (temporarily) took the town of Namysłów from the Dukes of Brzeg, as a part of the dowry of his daughter Anna.
When Duke Leszek of Racibórz died in 1336, Casimir I tried unsuccessfully to obtain his lands. King John of Bohemia granted this land to Duke Nicholas II of Opava.
In 1355, after the death of Bolesław, Duke of Koźle-Bytom without male issue, Casimir I entered a conflict over his inheritance with Konrad I of Oleśnica. The dispute was only resolved in 1357 (the decision was made as early as 1355, but Bytom remained until that time under the rule of Margareta of Sternberg —Bolesław's widow— as her dower): the Duke of Cieszyn took possession of half of Bytom and Gliwice, Toszek and Pyskowice.
In the internal politics, Casimir I supported the economic development of his Duchy, mostly towns. He also surrounded Cieszyn with walls and by 1320 granted the town of Bielsko with German laws.
Casimir I died in 1358 (although there are some indications that he lived until 1360, but this is refuted by the majority of historians) and was buried in the Dominican church of Cieszyn.
Marriage and issue
By 1321, Casimir I married Euphemia (b. 1310 – d. aft. 11 January 1374), daughter of Duke Trojden I of Czersk-Warsaw. They had nine children:
Anna (b. 1325 – d. 1367), married in 1338 to Duke Wenceslaus I of Legnica.
Władysław (b. 1325/31 – d. May 1355).
Jolanta Helena (b. ca. 1331 – d. 20 March 1403), Abbess of St.Clara in Kraków.
Bolesław (b. ca. 1331/32 – d. Prague, 23 July 1356).
Przemysław I Noszak (b. 1332/36 – d. 23 May 1410).
Agnes (b. 1338 – d. by 27 April 1371), married by 23 February 1354 to Duke Konrad II of Oleśnica.
Jan (b. 1339/40 – d. aft. 18 May 1359).
Siemowit (b. ca. 1340 – d. 25 September 1391).
Elisabeth (b. aft. 1340? – d. aft. 20 January 1364), a nun in Trzebnica.
Ancestry
Footnotes
References
|-
|-
1280 births
1290 births
1358 deaths
Dukes of Teschen
Piast dynasty
Justice Hubbard may refer to:
Samuel Hubbard (Massachusetts judge) (1785–1847), associate justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court
Jonathan Hatch Hubbard (1768–1849), associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Leverett Hubbard (1723–1793), associate justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court
Nathaniel Hubbard (1680–1748), associate justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court
In Hawaiian mythology, Nu'u was a man who built an ark with which he escaped a Great Flood. He landed his vessel on top of Mauna Kea on the Big Island. Nu'u mistakenly attributed his safety to the moon, and made sacrifices to it. Kāne, the creator god, descended to earth on a rainbow and explained Nu'u's mistake. The myth has been interpreted as depicting the hazards of the Oceanian environment and local peoples' ability to withstand them. Missionaries to Hawaii in the 19th century considered him analogous to Noah of the Bible.
References
External links
Hawaiian Mythology by Martha Beckwith
Dictionary of World Mythology, Arthur Cotterell reference is also viewable on Google Books without subscription: https://books.google.com/books?id=ExuhmHX4dUEC&q=nu%27u#v=snippet&q=nu'u&f=false
Hawaiian mythology
Flood myths
Torfaen Tigers are a rugby league team based in Pontypool, Torfaen, Wales. They play in the Southern Conference League division, which is the 4th tier in the Rugby league pyramid
Torfaen Tigers runs 4 junior teams U12's,14's,16's and 19's in the Welsh leagues as well as 2 senior teams playing in the Southern Conference & Welsh Premier League respectively.
History
Torfaen Tigers were founded in April 2003, they joined the Welsh division of the Rugby League Conference. In their inaugural year, the Tigers finished third in the Welsh division and reached the final of the RLC Plate competition where they lost to East Lancashire Lions. They also reached the National Conference Plate Final, losing to East Hull and, in the process, becoming one of the last teams to play on Warrington's Wilderspool Stadium ground before the Super League club moved out.
2004 saw the Tigers consolidate their position within the Welsh division and reach the semi-final of the Harry Jepson Trophy.
The Tigers got off to a slow start in 2005, but as new young players grew in confidence the team's results improved. The second half of the season saw the Tigers become the first Welsh side to beat Bridgend Blue Bulls since the league had been formed, and continuing success saw them go on to beat Aberavon Fighting Irish to earn them a place in the Welsh Grand Final for the first time. Against the holders Bridgend, The Tigers got off to a good start and lead for much of the first half, but Bridgend dug deep and battled back to retain their title.
In 2012, the club decided that the infrastructure at the club was unsustainable and decided to not enter the South Wales Premier to rebuild and ensure long term sustainability. The club got a new board and they moved ground from Pontypool United RFC to Cwmbran RFC's Kings Head ground.
Tigers returned to the South Wales Premier for the 2013 season winning the Grand Final v Valley Cougars 24-18. The following year they reached the Grand Final again but lost v Bridgend Blue Bulls 20-36. In 2015 the club were invited into the Conference League South finishing 6th in their debut season
Club honours
South Wales Premier: 2013
Sources
External links
Torfaen Tigers website
Official Wales Rugby League Website
Rugby League Conference teams
Rugby leagues in Wales
Cwmbran
Rugby clubs established in 2003
Zamora is one of the 52 constituencies () represented in the Congress of Deputies, the lower chamber of the Spanish parliament, the Cortes Generales. The constituency currently elects four deputies. Its boundaries correspond to those of the Spanish province of Zamora. The electoral system uses the D'Hondt method and a closed-list proportional representation, with a minimum threshold of three percent.
Electoral system
The constituency was created as per the Political Reform Act 1977 and was first contested in the 1977 general election. The Act provided for the provinces of Spain to be established as multi-member districts in the Congress of Deputies, with this regulation being maintained under the Spanish Constitution of 1978. Additionally, the Constitution requires for any modification of the provincial limits to be approved under an organic law, needing an absolute majority in the Cortes Generales.
Voting is on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprises all nationals over eighteen and in full enjoyment of their political rights. The only exception was in 1977, when this was limited to nationals over twenty-one and in full enjoyment of their political and civil rights. Amendments to the electoral law in 2011 required for Spaniards abroad to apply for voting before being permitted to vote, a system known as "begged" or expat vote (). 348 seats are elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of three percent of valid votes—which includes blank ballots—being applied in each constituency. Each provincial constituency is entitled to an initial minimum of two seats, with the remaining 248 being distributed in proportion to their populations. Ceuta and Melilla are allocated the two remaining seats, which are elected using plurality voting. The use of the D'Hondt method may result in a higher effective threshold, depending on the district magnitude.
The electoral law allows for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election are required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call—fifteen before 1985—whereas groupings of electors need to secure the signature of at least one percent of the electorate in the constituencies for which they seek election—one-thousandth of the electorate, with a compulsory minimum of 500 signatures, until 1985—disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates. Also since 2011, parties, federations or coalitions that have not obtained a mandate in either chamber of the Cortes at the preceding election are required to secure the signature of at least 0.1 percent of electors in the aforementioned constituencies.
Deputies
Elections
November 2019 general election
April 2019 general election
2016 general election
2015 general election
2011 general election
2008 general election
2004 general election
2000 general election
1996 general election
1993 general election
1989 general election
1986 general election
1982 general election
1979 general election
1977 general election
References
Congress of Deputies constituencies (Spain)
Province of Zamora
1977 establishments in Spain
Constituencies established in 1977
Darko Damjanovski (Macedonian: Дарко Дамјановски, born 15 July 1981) is a Macedonian biathlete and cross-country skier who has competed since 1999 and 2005, respectively. Competing in three Winter Olympics (2006, 2010 and 2014), he earned his best finish of 81st in the 15 km event in Sochi at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Damjanovski's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 96th in the 15 km event at Sapporo in 2007. Damjanovski has five victories in lesser events up 10 km since 2007.
Damjanovski lives in Gostivar.
References
IBU profile
1981 births
Cross-country skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Living people
Macedonian male biathletes
Macedonian male cross-country skiers
Olympic cross-country skiers of North Macedonia
People from Gostivar
Road Cruisin' is the seventh studio album by Japanese Pop band Deen. It was released on 18 August 2004 under BMG Funhouse.
The album consists of two previously released singles, Rail no nai Sora e and Taiyou to Hanabira and Strong Soul. This is their first album which was released in two formats: regular CD edition and limited CD+DVD edition. In DVD disc are included music videoclips of the singles "Rail no nai Sora e" and "Strong Soul".
The album reached #13 in its first week and charted for 3 weeks, selling 19,000 copies.
Track listing
In media
Ocean - ending theme for Nihon TV program NNN Kyou no Dekikoto
Strong Soul - theme song for 35th anniversary of Tokyo Verdy 1969
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2004 albums
Deen (band) albums
Jalal Khan () is town and union council of the Kachhi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 29°2'0"N 67°44'0"E and has an altitude of 89 metres (295 feet).
References
Populated places in Kachhi District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
John Alexius Bathersby (26 July 1936 – 9 March 2020) was an Australian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the sixth archbishop of the Archdiocese of Brisbane, serving from 1991 until his retirement in 2011. Bathersby was conferred with the title Emeritus Archbishop of Brisbane.
Early years
Bathersby was born in Stanthorpe, Queensland, Australia. The son of John Thomas and Grace Maud (née Conquest) Bathersby, John Alexius had an older sister, Carmel, a younger brother, Michael, and two younger sisters, Suzanne and Anne. He received his primary schooling at St Joseph's, Stanthorpe (1941–50) and his secondary schooling as a boarder at Nudgee College in Brisbane (1951–54). From school he entered the Pius XII Provincial Seminary, Banyo, where he began his training for the priesthood and, on completion of those studies (1955–61), he was ordained a priest in his home parish of Stanthorpe by Bishop William Brennan on 30 June 1961.
His first seven years as a priest were spent as an assistant and administrator at Goondiwindi before being sent to Rome in 1969 for further studies where he completed a licentiate in theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University and a diploma in spirituality at the Pontifical Theological Faculty Teresianum. In 1972 he was appointed to the staff of Pius XII Seminary in Brisbane where he served as spiritual director for seven years before returning to Rome for a doctorate in theology and spirituality in 1979. He returned to the seminary before being appointed Bishop of Cairns in 1986.
Bishop of Cairns and Archbishop of Brisbane
On 20 March 1986, Bathersby was consecrated Bishop of Cairns by Archbishop Francis Rush, whom he would succeed in the Archdiocese of Brisbane on 3 December 1991, and installed as the sixth Bishop (and fifth Archbishop) of Brisbane on 30 January 1992.
Bathersby was a member of the International Catholic-Methodist Dialogue from 1989 to 1995 and a member of the executive of the Confederation of Bishops' Conferences of Oceania from 1991 to May 1994. He was co-chairman of the Australian Catholic–Uniting Church Dialogue. From July 1997 he served as President of the National Council of Churches in Australia until July 2000. In January 2001, Pope John Paul II appointed Bathersby as co-chair of the International Anglican-Roman Catholic Working Group (IARCCUM). He chaired the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference Commission for Mission and Faith Formation, and was a member of the Bishops' Permanent Committee.
In 2008, St. Mary's Catholic Church, South Brisbane was the subject of controversy following complaints that long-serving parish priest Peter Kennedy was not observing standard Roman Catholic teachings and practices. However Kennedy's services were extremely popular attracting a very large congregation, many of whom felt otherwise alienated from the Catholic Church. Despite numerous attempts by Bathersby to persuade Kennedy to return to a more standard liturgy, Kennedy refused. Bathersby eventually removed Kennedy as the parish priest. Many of Kennedy's parishioners left the church with him to continue holding services as St Mary's Community in Exile at the Trades and Labour Council building on Peel Street (200m away from St Mary's Catholic Church).
Upon turning 75 years old, in July 2011, Bathersby sought the pontiff's consent to retire. The Bishop of Lismore, Geoffrey Jarrett, was appointed administrator for the Brisbane archdiocese in November 2011 and, in April 2012, Mark Coleridge was appointed as the seventh archbishop.
Bathersby died on 9 March 2020 at Brisbane's Wesley Hospital from a stroke.
In popular culture
In 2011, a feature documentary was made about Kennedy and the exiled community and their conflict with the Catholic Church, entitled The Trouble with St Mary's.
In 2016, the play St Mary's in Exile was written by David Burton about the events that led to Bathersby's decision to remove Father Peter Kennedy as parish priest from St Mary's Catholic Church, South Brisbane in 2009. It was performed in August-September 2016 as part of the Brisbane Festival at the Queensland Theatre Company's Bille Brown Theatre, approximately 250m from both St Mary's and St Mary's in Exile. Actor Josh McWilliam played the role of Bathersby.
References
1936 births
2020 deaths
People from the Darling Downs
Roman Catholic archbishops of Brisbane
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Australia
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Australia
Roman Catholic bishops of Cairns
Australian Roman Catholic archbishops
Elections to West Dunbartonshire Council were held on 3 May 2012 on the same day as the 31 other local authorities in Scotland. The election used the six wards created under the Local Governance (Scotland) Act 2004, with 22 Councillors being elected. Each ward elected either 3 or 4 members, using the STV electoral system.
The election saw the Scottish Labour Party gain 2 seats to secure an overall majority on the Council while also significantly increasing their vote. The Scottish National Party remained in second place on the Council but West Dunbartonshire proved to be their worst performance in Scotland as they lost 3 seats including that of their former Council leader, Ronnie McColl. Independents increased their seat numbers to 3 through the addition of former Labour Councillor and the Scottish Socialist Party retained their sole seat in Scotland.
Following the election the Labour majority administration was formed. This replaced the previous SNP minority led administration which had been supported by the Independents that had existed from 2007-2012.
Election result
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes. The net gain/loss and percentage changes relate to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007. This may differ from other published sources showing gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland's councils.
Ward results
Lomond
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLabour
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from SNP
= Sitting Councillor for a different Ward.
Leven
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab; 1xSSP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xSSP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from SNP
Dumbarton
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2007-2012 Change: No change
Kilpatrick
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Clydebank Central
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2007-2012 Change: No change
Clydebank Waterfront
2007: 2xSNP; 2xLab
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2007-2012 Change: Independent gain one seat from SNP
Changes since 2012 election
† On 5 January 2016, Marie McNair joined the Scottish National Party and ceased to be an independent.
References
2012
2012 Scottish local elections
21st century in West Dunbartonshire
Dot Dash Recordings is a collaboration between the two companies - Remote Control Records which provides publicity, marketing and label management while Inertia Distribution looks after distribution and sales. Dot Dash Recordings was set up by Remote Control Records in mid 2004 as a new label for Australian artists.
The label works exclusively with Australian artists including Methyl Ethel, Client Liaison, Gabriella Cohen, Donny Benet and many more. Previous label artists include Wolf & Cub, Ned Collette, New Buffalo, Deloris, Snowman, St. Helens, Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire!, Cloud Control and Young and Restless.
Artists
Methyl Ethel
Client Liaison
Donny Benét
Ryan Downey
Gabriella Cohen
Jeremy Neale
Teeth & Tongue
Jess Cornelius
Sui Zhen
Banoffee
Total Giovanni
Milwaukee Banks
Dorsal Fins
friendships
Katz
HANDSOME
Sunbeam Sound Machine
Lost Animal
Velociraptor
Past artists
Nightstick
Young and Restless
Wolf & Cub
Ned Collette
New Buffalo
Deloris
Snowman
St. Helens
Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire!
Cloud Control
See also
List of record labels
External links
Official Site
Myspace website
Australian independent record labels
Indie rock record labels
Record labels established in 2004
A floating restaurant is a vessel, usually a large steel barge or hulk, used as a restaurant on water. The Jumbo Kingdom at Aberdeen in Hong Kong is an example. Sometimes retired ships are given a second lease on life as floating restaurants. The former car ferry New York, built in 1941, serves as DiMillo's in Portland, Maine. Another example is the train ferry , which served as a restaurant in Detroit. Plans for Lansdowne to continue in this capacity on the Buffalo, New York waterfront came to naught and it was scrapped in the summer of 2008. A third example of a ship's hull converted for this purpose is Captain John's Harbour Boat Restaurant in Toronto, which was located on MS Jadran, a former Yugoslavian ship but has since been closed and scrapped. Normac, the first Captain John's restaurant, was moved to Port Dahousie as the floating cocktail lounge Big Kahuna and is now the Riverboat Mexican Grill.
Examples
- defunct
Captain John's Harbour Boat Restaurant (MS Jadran) - defunct
Jumbo Kingdom - defunct
MV Ganga Vihar
McBarge
Moshulu
(the original Captain John's restaurant in Toronto, now the Riverboat Mexican Grill in Port Dalhousie, Ontario)
Rustar dhow
Sherman
Star Seafood Floating Restaurant
, on the Aura River at Turku in Finland using the 1869-built Swedish steamship Fredriksborg
M/B Camaligan
See also
Revolving restaurant
Houseboat
Kettuvallam - a type of houseboat in Kerala, India, many of which serve as hotels for tourists with cooking on board
External links
Restaurant
Theme restaurants
Restaurants by type
Restaurant
Gathorne Gathorne-Hardy, 1st Earl of Cranbrook, (born Gathorne Hardy; 1 October 1814 – 30 October 1906) was a prominent British statesman, Conservative politician and key ally of Benjamin Disraeli. He held cabinet office in every Conservative government between 1858 and 1892 and notably served as Home Secretary from 1867 to 1868 and as Secretary of State for War from 1874 to 1878. Gathorne-Hardy oversaw the British declaration of war for the Second Anglo-Afghan War.
Background and education
Gathorne Hardy was the third son of John Hardy, of the Manor House Bradford, and Isabel, daughter of Richard Gathorne. His father was a barrister, the main owner of the Low Moor ironworks and also represented Bradford in Parliament; his ancestors had been attorneys and stewards to the Spencer-Stanhope family of Horsforth since the beginning of the 18th century. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and Oriel College, Oxford, and was called to the Bar, Inner Temple, in 1840. He established a successful legal practice on the Northern Circuit, being based at Leeds, but was denied when he applied for silk in 1855.
Early political career, 1847–1874
Hardy had unsuccessfully contested Bradford in the 1847 general election. However, after his father's death in 1855 he was able to concentrate fully on a political career, and in 1856 he was elected for Leominster. Only two years later, in 1858, he was appointed Under-Secretary of State for Home Affairs in the second administration of the Earl of Derby. He remained in this office until the government fell in June 1859.
In 1865 Hardy reluctantly agreed to stand against William Ewart Gladstone in the Oxford University constituency. However, on 17 July 1865, he defeated Gladstone by a majority of 180, which greatly enhanced his standing within the Conservative party thanks to the influence of rural clergy voters, but still did not come first in the poll. Gladstone's response was "Dear Dream is dispelled. God's will be done." The Conservatives returned to office under Derby in 1866, and Hardy was appointed President of the Poor Law Board, with a seat in the cabinet. He was admitted to the Privy Council at the same time. During his tenure in this office he notably carried a poor law amendment bill through parliament. Cranbrook also supported the Reform Act of 1867, which significantly increased the size of the electorate to one in five. By May Disraeli had recognised Gathorne Hardy's value to the Conservatives as a rising star in the Commons, proving a capable debater, a resilient antagonist to Gladstone, and nobody's fool. In 1867 he succeeded Spencer Horatio Walpole as Home Secretary and was forced to deal with the Fenian Rising of that year. By accepting an amendment that all ratepayers should be enfranchised, Disraeli had created a new Victorian constitution, which surprisingly Hardy and others were prepared to accept. One new entrant in 1868, an admirer of Disraeli, the Radical, Sir Charles Dilke thought Hardy the most eloquent Englishman, whose talents were wasted in the Conservative Party. But Hardy himself, not so easily deceived, remained a stalwart Tory to the end.
The next year, Benjamin Disraeli succeeded Derby as Prime Minister, but the Conservative government resigned in autumn 1868, after both the Queen and Disraeli delayed dissolution to register a new electorate, which since 1865 had accepted postal votes. The Liberals came to power under Gladstone. In opposition, Hardy occasionally acted as opposition leader in the House of Commons when Disraeli was absent.
There was criticism of the Anglican Church in Ireland, which Liberals intended to disestablish in its entirety. A committed Anglican, Hardy opposed the measure on religious grounds:"I say that the Church of Ireland has made many converts; not, it may be, by violent controversial proceedings, but by a quiet influence which has affected the minds of those who have been around her clergy, and who have gradually become leavened by their sentiments".Being an orthodox Anglican he considered fragmentation of the church as contrariwise to Conservative principles. In the "I have faith in the principles we are professing, and when I am told by the right hon. Gentleman the President of the Board of Trade, and by others who have spoken like him, that all thoughtful men are against the Irish Church, that for fifty years every Statesman has looked forward to some such consummation." He spoke manfully in the Irish Church bill debate on 23 March 1869, before Gladstone gave the government's winding-up in one of the greatest oratorical expositions during the second reading. Hardy linked the Irish church bill to the Fenian rising and resulting atrocities, vis-à-vis a Catholic church allegedly willing to sell benefices for money. Moreover, he directly attacked the Prime Minister's followers whom he accused of being "indebted to the Fenian movement for that tardy measure of justice. This shows the encouragement to disloyalty given by this measure." And in provoking the government he linked tendentiously Baron Plunket, the nationalist, to the Liberal Party: which no doubt they disowned.
During debates on education Hardy produced eloquent and stinging rebukes that deflected time from Gladstone's Irish reform agenda. Hardy proved an able lieutenant in the Disraelian tradition, mocking Gladstone's bill's cumbersome progress through the Commons. Gladstone gradually became hotter and bothered by Cranbrook's adroit remarks. When he was likened to the Hyde Park riots of 1866, the Prime Minister "caused such an explosion of passion and temper."
The defeat threatened Disraeli's party leadership, but despite being considered Hardy declined, whilst the great man was still 'looking over his shoulder'. On 1 February 1872, Hardy was present at the Burghley House Conference of Tory grandees: only Derby and Disraeli were missing for the discussion about the party's and country's future. Hosted by Lord Exeter, a Cecil descendant of the Elizabethan Lord Burghley, other Cabinet members were Sir Stafford Northcote, Sir John Pakington, Lord Cairns, and Lord John Manners, a personal friend of Disraeli. Only Manners and Northcote were prepared to support Disraeli's continued leadership. The group suggested that Lord Stanley, Derby's son, take the Commons post of party leader. For his part, the younger Stanley was a very different character than his father. Short and plump, Stanley was a reformer, open to change, and ideas around progressive politics. He was also more amenable to Disraeli, recognizing that he was unfit, he did not wish to displace a man whom backbenchers knew was the outstanding parliamentarian. Stanley's neutrality would convert other cabinet members towards acceptance of the flamboyant Jew. Latterly Hardy worked well with Disraeli, although they were not close intimates. At the end of the month the mood in London lifted: the Prince of Wales was out of trouble, and Hardy amongst others attended a service of thanksgiving and praise at St Paul's on 27 February.
Cabinet minister, 1874–1880
In 1874 the Conservatives returned to office under Disraeli, and Hardy was appointed Secretary of State for War, for which he was not best suited. He should have been offered the Home Office, but this went to a fine debater, Richard Cross. But the House rose on 7 August, leaving the minister the remainder of the year to settle into departmental work. Hardy stayed in post for more than four years overseeing the army reforms initiated by his Liberal predecessor Edward Cardwell. In 1876, Disraeli was elevated to the peerage, and the House of Lords, as Earl of Beaconsfield. Hardy had expected to become Conservative leader in the House of Commons, but was overlooked in favour of Sir Stafford Northcote; Disraeli disliked the fact Hardy neglected the house to go home in the evening to dine with his wife.
Two years later, in April 1878, Hardy succeeded The Marquess of Salisbury as Secretary of State for India, and the following month he was raised to the peerage as Viscount Cranbrook, of Hemsted in the County of Kent. At the same time, he assumed his mother's maiden surname of Gathorne in addition to that of Hardy at the request of his family. In December 1878, Cranbrook attended court, and heard from the Queen her complaints about Gladstone's mishandling of the Prince of Wales' rejection of the proposal to make him Viceroy of Ireland. Cranbrook remained one of the ministers at the centre of the court being a monarchist, frequently interacting with the Queen and Prince of Wales. When Gladstone's portrait was shown in public, Cranbrook tactfully observed protocol.
The Eastern Question had posed the biggest single foreign policy dilemma in 1877. Hardy was in favour of actively pursuing the bankrupted Sultan with a loan, and going to war if necessary to keep Russia out of Constantinople. He proved one of Disraeli's closest allies in cabinet. Cranbrook was a relative parvenu; the rich aristocrats wanted peace and so did Gladstone, at any price. But he was vindicated; when Salisbury swapped sides to support the PM, he was raised to Foreign Minister. A 'War Party', an Inner Cabinet, sent Royal Navy battleships to defend the Turks against a threatening Russian Army. At the India Office Cranbrook was forced to deal with the Second Afghan War in 1878, aimed at restoring British influence in Afghanistan. After a peaceful summer of 1878 deer-stalking in Scotland, Cranbrook returned to a crisis dealing with an ill-prepared Viceroy of India. A full invasion of Afghanistan was ordered on 21 November. The Afghans were defeated within weeks, but the new Third Empire had begun in a state of panic. A peace deal was struck in May 1879, but war again erupted after the British resident, Sir Louis Cavagnari, was murdered by mutinous Afghan troops. British troops under Frederick Roberts managed once again to restore control. However, the situation was still volatile when Cranbrook, along with the rest of the government, resigned in April 1880. As a peer Cranbrook was disqualified from making speeches during elections, which ended in a Liberal majority. He took a well-earned rest in Italy early in 1881, and was still there when the only one of Disraeli's cabinet absent for the Earl of Beaconsfield's funeral at Hughenden.
Tory grandee
Lord Cranbrook remained at the heart of the party elite. In 1884 a new Chief Whip, Aretas Akers-Douglas gained promotion from Salisbury partly through the austere influence of this knowledgeable and experienced grandee. In early 1885 the government was rent with division, Chamberlain refusing to agree with the franchise as 'ransom' of private property. Cranbrook wrote to Lord Cairns on 9 January, "all this comes from the Irish policy for wh. Mr Gladstone is responsible." The writing was on the wall for the government. In June 1885 the Conservatives returned to power as "Caretakers", and Cranbrook was made Lord President of the Council. Cranbrook was shocked to find out that behind the cabinet's back Lord Carnarvon had been negotiating a deal, known in the newspapers as 'Tory Parnellism', with the Irish Party.
For two weeks in early 1886 he again served as Secretary of State for War. The government fell in January 1886 but soon returned to office in July of the same year after a General Election under a new franchise. Cranbrook was once again appointed Lord President of the council, in which office he was mainly concerned with education. He also served briefly as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in August 1886. He declined the post of Foreign Secretary in 1886 owing to his inability to speak foreign languages, and also refused the viceroyalty of Ireland. Perhaps the stolid familiarity of the council was additionally welcome after the turmoil in government caused by Lord Randolph Churchill's erratic, argumentative behaviour. He remained as Lord President of the council until the second Salisbury ministry fell in 1892. Shortly after, he was further honoured when he was made Baron Medway, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, and Earl of Cranbrook, in the County of Kent. In opposition, Cranbrook was a strong opponent of the Second Home Rule Bill, which was heavily defeated in the House of Lords. He retired from public life after the 1895 general election.
Family
Lord Cranbrook married Jane, daughter of James Orr, in 1838. They had four sons and five daughters. One son and two of their daughters predeceased them. Lord Cranbrook died in October 1906, aged ninety-two, and was succeeded by his eldest son John. His third son the Hon. Alfred Gathorne-Hardy was also a politician.
See also
Irish Church Act 1869
Church of Ireland
Anglicanism
Conservative Party
Second Afghan War
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
http://www.leighrayment/commons.htm
1814 births
1906 deaths
British Secretaries of State
Chancellors of the Duchy of Lancaster
Earls in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India
Lord Presidents of the Council
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
People educated at Shrewsbury School
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
Hardy, Gathorne
Hardy, Gathorne
Hardy, Gathorne
Hardy, Gathorne
Hardy, Gathorne
Hardy, Gathorne
Hardy, Gathorne
Hardy, Gathorne
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Gathorne-Hardy family
Peers of the United Kingdom created by Queen Victoria
Mamonov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Mamonova. It may refer to:
Aleksei Mamonov (born 1993), Russian football player
Alexander Dmitriev-Mamonov (1758–1803), Russian noble
Anton Mamonov (born 1989), Russian football player
Dmitriy Mamonov (born 1978), Kazakhstani football manager and a former player
Matvey Dmitriev-Mamonov (1790–1863), Russian noble and writer, son of Alexander
Nikolay Mamonov, Soviet speedskater
Pyotr Mamonov (1951–2021), Russian rock musician
Tatiana Mamonova, Russian feminist
Vladimirs Mamonovs (born 1980), Latvian ice hockey player
Yuri Mamonov (1958–2022), Russian politician
Russian-language surnames
1948 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 42nd water polo championship in Hungary. Ten teams played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
1. Csepeli MTK 20, 2. Előre 19 (1), 3. MTE 18, 4. Neményi 15, 5. BEAC 14 (2), III. ker. TVE 10 (1), BRE 9, TASE 9, Postás 4 (1), MÁVAG 4 (1), VAC 2 (1), Tipográfia 0 point. In parentheses number of matches is missed.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1948 in water polo
1948 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Danny Dias (c. 1983 – June 4, 2017) was an American activist and reality television personality. Dias starred on season 13 on MTV's Road Rules, Road Rules: X-Treme, in 2004. In 2005, he returned to MTV in Bunim/Murray Productions' spinoff Real World/Road Rules Challenge, The Gauntlet 2. He later co-founded an AIDS research charity.
Early life and Career
Dias was born in Linden, New Jersey. He majored in music education at Westminster Choir College, a music conservatory affiliated with Rider University in Princeton, which he attended from 2001 to 2003. Dias, who was openly gay, was cast in season 13 of MTV's Road Rules while he was still attending college. Road Rules: X-Treme, which was filmed in an RV in Argentina and Chile, aired in 2004. The season cast included Dias, as well as Derrick Kosinski, Jodi Weatherton, Ibis Nieves, and Patrick Maloney. However, Dias was voted out in Episode 6 as a punishment for losing a mission and was replaced by Nick Haggart.
Dias returned to MTV for Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Gauntlet 2, which aired from 2005 to 2006. He was eliminated from the competition after four episodes.
Following his time on Road Rules, Dias studied acting and worked in finance. He also become an AIDS activist and co-founded the research charity, Generation Cure.
Death
Dias was found unconscious at his Flushing Avenue apartment in Bushwick, Brooklyn, on June 4, 2017, at the age of 34. Friends had reportedly not reached him for two days. He was pronounced dead by authorities at approximately 5 p.m., though a cause of death was initially unknown.
In August 2017, a spokesperson for the New York City Chief Medical Examiner's office said he died from “complications of chronic substance abuse.”
References
1980s births
2017 deaths
Road Rules cast members
HIV/AIDS activists
LGBT people from New Jersey
LGBT people from New York (state)
People from Linden, New Jersey
People from Bushwick, Brooklyn
Westminster Choir College alumni
The Challenge (TV series) contestants
21st-century LGBT people
The 1900 Greensburg Athletic Association season was Greensburg Athletic's 10th and last season. The American football team finished with a record of 3–6–1.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
Group B was one of two pools in the Americas Zone Group II of the 1997 Fed Cup. Seven teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to Group I in 1998.
Uruguay vs. Jamaica
Cuba vs. Bermuda
Bolivia vs. Costa Rica
El Salvador vs. Antigua and Barbuda
Uruguay vs. Antigua and Barbuda
Cuba vs. El Salvador
Jamaica vs. Costa Rica
Bolivia vs. Bermuda
Uruguay vs. Costa Rica
Cuba vs. Antigua and Barbuda
Jamaica vs. Bermuda
Bolivia vs. El Salvador
Uruguay vs. Cuba
Jamaica vs. El Salvador
Bolivia vs. Antigua and Barbuda
Costa Rica vs. Bermuda
Uruguay vs. Bermuda
Cuba vs. Bolivia
Jamaica vs. Antigua and Barbuda
Costa Rica vs. El Salvador
Uruguay vs. Bolivia
Cuba vs. Jamaica
Costa Rica vs. Antigua and Barbuda
El Salvador vs. Bermuda
Uruguay vs. El Salvador
Cuba vs. Costa Rica
Jamaica vs. Bolivia
Bermuda vs. Antigua and Barbuda
placed first in the pool, and thus advanced to Group I in 1998. However, they placed eighth overall were thus relegated back to Group II for 1999.
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
1997 Fed Cup Americas Zone
The 2017 Southern Conference softball tournament was held at Jim Frost Stadium on the campus of the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga in Chattanooga, Tennessee, from May 10 through May 13, 2017. won their first-ever tournament championship and earned the SoCon's automatic bid to the 2017 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament. The Championship game was broadcast on ESPN3 while all other games were broadcast on the SoCon Digital Network.
Format
The SoCon Tournament takes the top 7 teams and places them in a double elimination tournament, up until the championship. Seed 1 gets a bye to the 2nd Round. The championship game is played with a winner-take-all single game format.
Bracket
References
Southern Conference Tournament
Southern Conference Softball Tournament
Southern Conference Tournament
The Amherst Mammoths represent Amherst College of Amherst, Massachusetts in the sport of college football. The football team is coached by E. J. Mills. Amherst is one of the "Little Three," along with Williams College and Wesleyan University.
History
Amherst claims its athletics program as the oldest in the nation, pointing to its compulsory physical fitness regimen put in place in 1860 (the mandate that all students participate in sports or pursue physical education has been discontinued). One-third of the student body participates in sports at the intercollegiate level, and eighty percent participate in intramural and club sports teams.
References
External links
American football teams established in 1877
1877 establishments in Massachusetts
Anna Dreimane (born July 4, 1997) is a Latvian basketball player for Colorado State Rams and the Latvian national team.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1997 births
Living people
Latvian women's basketball players
Basketball players from Riga
Centers (basketball)
Latvian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Colorado State Rams women's basketball players
Badmeaningood Vol.3 is a compilation of tracks chosen by alternative hip hop artist Peanut Butter Wolf. The series was started by the author A. W. Wilde and released on Whoa Music / Ultimate Dilemma.
Track listing
Peanut Butter Wolf - "Intro" – 0:54
Grandmaster Flash - "New Adventures of Grandmaster Flash" – 0:55
Lord Alibaski - "Top Gun" – 1:40
Forty Five King & Louie - "Funk Box (We Want to Hear the Beat Box)" – 1:13
Iron Butterfly - "Soul Experience" – 1:38
Johnny Hammond - "Fantasy" – 4:17
Roy Ayers - "Can't You See Me" - 4:57
Alicia Myers - "Don't Stop What You're Doin'" – 2:14
Bernard Wright - "The Master Rocker" – 3:12
B Beat Girls - "Jungle Swing" – 4:24
The Human League - "Hard Times" – 5:20
Joe Jackson - "Steppin' Out" – 3:57
Cold Crush Brothers - "Punk Rock Rap" – 1:28
Michael White - "Let Love Be Your Magic Carpet" – 5:31
Prince Far I - "Black Man Land" – 2:01
Jungle Brothers - "I'm Gonna Do You" – 1:36
Charizma and Peanut Butter Wolf - "My World Premiere" – 1:51
Keni Burke - "Risin' to the Top" (Snowboys Acoustic Mix) – 4:24
See also
Badmeaningood Vol.1 (2002, by Skitz)
Badmeaningood Vol.2 (2002, by Roots Manuva)
Badmeaningood Vol.4 (2003, by Scratch Perverts)
Hip hop compilation albums
2003 compilation albums
Underwater cycling is stunted, usually done for charity, in which a rider wears scuba diving gear and rides a bicycle in an underwater course. The Underwater Bike Race is an annual charity fundraiser held in North Carolina.
Research into exercise and health effects
Researchers from the University of Tsukuba have conducted multiple studies about the possible benefits of cycling underwater as opposed to doing so on land. One of their studies focused on the cardiovascular response to cycling underwater, the study found that pedaling cadence and resistance both have significant impact on the cardiovascular response during underwater cycling. Another of their many studies on the subject focused on how the intensity of these exercises impacted respiratory function. This study found that there is actually no large difference in respiratory function until the workout is one of very high intensity, in which the respiratory muscles must work harder. In a third study they looked into the difference between cycling underwater and cycling on land in terms of respiratory and breathing responses. They found that breathing during underwater cycling is actually shallower, which could result in chronic effects on respiratory function if underwater cycling is executed long term
References
Underwater sports
Cycle sport
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 and 13 March in San Sebastián.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
1500 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
1500
Francis Thomas Fletcher Lovejoy (1854–1932) was an American industrialist and an associate of Andrew Carnegie, Henry Clay Frick, Henry Phipps, Jr. and Charles M. Schwab in the creation of the United States Steel Corporation.
Early life
F. T. F., as he was known, was born on July 21, 1854 in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of William A. Lovejoy and his wife Mary Jane Robinson. In the late 1850s, William and his brothers Perry, George, Samuel and sister Jane, and their families, left Maryland and moved to southeastern Ohio.
First jobs
Around 1870, at the age of 16, FTF left home in Guernsey County, Ohio and went to Washington, Pennsylvania, where he obtained employment as a telegrapher. Shortly after that he went to Titusville, Pennsylvania, then the center of the new oil industry, and engaged in many different employments in that area, including the oil, telegraph and newspaper businesses.
Joins Carnegie Company
After ten years in Titusville, FTF went to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where he joined Carnegie Brothers Company in June 1881. His rise there was rapid and by 1889, at the age of 35, was an equity owner in the business. Two years later he was a member of the board of directors, sitting with such prominent titans of industry as Carnegie, Frick, Schwab and Phipps.
Prominent businessman
All through the 1890s, FTF continued his rise in the Carnegie companies, with the full trust and confidence of everyone in the inner circle. However, Carnegie and Frick had a falling out over the management and direction of the companies, resulting in a lawsuit by Frick against Carnegie. FTF, in order to resolve this matter, took the radical step of resigning all of his positions, thereby becoming a neutral party, trusted by all sides, and worked out the "new agreement," as it was known, under which the United States Steel Company was to be formed.
FTF later invested his substantial assets into gold mining interests in Idaho.
Family life
In 1892, FTF married Jane Clyde Fleming (1869–1941). Their children were Francis Fleming Lovejoy (1894–1916); Kenneth Frick Lovejoy (1896–1947); and Marjory (1899–1980). Kenneth (known as Curley) was one of the first air mail pilots, flying out of Bettis Field near Pittsburgh. FTF himself is reputed to be the first American ever to ride a bicycle.
FTF died on December 5, 1932 and is buried in Pittsburgh's Allegheny Cemetery along with Jane and their three children.
Retirement
FTF was interested in genealogy and carried out a genealogical correspondence with Clarence Lovejoy (author of Lovejoy's College Guide), tracing the family back to England.
References
American steel industry businesspeople
1854 births
1932 deaths
Burials at Allegheny Cemetery
NGC 1990 was discovered by William Herschel in 1786 with an 18.7 inch telescope. However, there is doubt that this object exists in reality as several visual searches and modern astrophophy have failed to identify the exact location and extent of the reflection nebula. Modern photographs of the area with cameras show ultraviolet leak that gives the false impression of a large blue nebula around ε Ori (Alnilam). More careful photography does not reveal a nebula in the area.
References
External links
NGC 1990
1990
Orion (constellation)
The Bainbridge Commercial Historic District is a historic district comprising the downtown business area of Bainbridge, Georgia. It includes Bainbridge's original courthouse square, now Willis Park, and 56 contributing buildings in a area roughly bounded by Water, Clark, Troupe, West, Broughton, & Crawford streets. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
In 1987, the district had 56 contributing buildings and one contributing site (Willis Park), plus 24 non-contributing buildings.
See also
Bainbridge Residential Historic District, to the south and east
References
External links
National Register listings for Decatur County
Bainbridge Map showing historic district area
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Geography of Decatur County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Decatur County, Georgia
Anthony Bancarel (born 15 May 1971) is a French former professional footballer played as a striker.
He is best known as a member of the Girondins Bordeaux team that reached the UEFA Cup final in 1996, losing to Bayern Munich. He had previously been part of the side that won the 1995 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
People from Millau
Sportspeople from Aveyron
French footballers
Association football forwards
Ligue 1 players
Toulouse FC players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
Stade Malherbe Caen players
En Avant Guingamp players
FC Sion players
Ligue 2 players
US Créteil-Lusitanos players
AC Ajaccio players
Footballers from Occitania (administrative region)
Anna Alekseyevna Chelishcheva (, 7 April 1848, Vladimir, Russian Empire – 15 November 1934, Moscow, USSR) – better known by her stage name of Anna Brenko ( А́нна Бренко́)– was a Russian stage actress, theatrical entrepreneur, playwright, and memoirist, honored in 1924 with the title of Meritorious Artist of the RSFSR.
Life
Brenko was born in Vladimir in 1848 and first worked as a teacher. She trained as an actress in St Petersburg and married the music critic Iosif Levenson.
Having made a name for herself at the Maly Theatre in Moscow, where she organized concerts to gather funds for exiles in Siberia. The banker Melkiel backed her plans and she launched the first ever Russian private theatre in 1880 (officially named the A.A. Brenko Drama Theatre, but popularly known as the Pushkin Theatre – for the simple reason that it was situated close to Pushkin Square). Brenko paid much higher salaries, insisted on new scenery and three week rehearsals for productions that included works by William Shakespeare and Aleksandr Ostrovsky.
Brenko shared management decisions with the actors Modest Pisarev and Vasily Andreyev-Burlak, although she had the final say. Brenko was driven by the artistic event and she was exploited by other actors and directors. The theatre folded for financial reasons in 1882 (to be later purchased by the entrepreneur Fyodor Korsh).
Brenko went on to teach drama (in her own theatre college between 1890 and 1905) and in 1915 she opened the free Workers' Theatre where 25 plays were produced in the course of two years.
In 1917, Brenko not only embraced the October Revolution but enlisted, at the age of 69, in the Red Army and performed, together with some of the actors in her troupe, at battle fronts.
Publications
Brenko authored four plays (1883–1916) and six books of memoirs (1924–1933).
References
External links
The Archives of Anna Brenko / Бренко А.А., архив.
1848 births
1934 deaths
People from Vladimir, Russia
Russian stage actresses
Russian theatre managers and producers
Russian memoirists
Russian dramatists and playwrights
Russian drama teachers
19th-century actresses of the Russian Empire
19th-century dramatists and playwrights of the Russian Empire
19th-century women writers of the Russian Empire
19th-century writers of the Russian Empire
20th-century Russian actresses
20th-century Russian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Russian women writers
20th-century Russian writers
Women memoirists
Russian women dramatists and playwrights
Patch.com is an American local news and information platform, primarily owned by Hale Global. As of January 2022, Patch's more than 100 journalists operated some 1,259 hyperlocal news websites, which also have an information component, in 50 U.S. states and Washington, D.C. Patch is operated by Patch Media Corporation.
Patch is first, a local news website. Patch.com sites contain news and human interest stories reported locally. It does not offer international news. Patch also provides a platform for users to post questions, news tips and columns germane to their towns. Each site also contains a mixture of local and national advertising. The latter includes a self-serve ad platform allowing users to communicate directly with targeted audiences.
History
Patch was founded by then-president of Google Americas operations Tim Armstrong, Warren Webster and Jon Brod in 2007 after Armstrong said he found a dearth of online information on his home-neighborhood of Riverside, Connecticut. AOL acquired the company in 2009 shortly after Armstrong became AOL's CEO. Armstrong told AOL staffers that he recused himself from negotiations to acquire the company and did not directly profit from his seed investment.
The acquisition occurred on June 11, 2009. AOL paid an estimated $7 million in cash for the news platform as part of its effort to reinvent itself as a content provider beyond its legacy dial-up Internet business. AOL, which split from Time Warner in late 2009, announced in 2010 it would be investing $50 million or more into the startup of the Patch.com network. As part of the acquisition Brod became President of AOL Ventures, Local & Mapping, and Warren Webster became president of Patch.
Following the acquisition, Patch began a period of rapid expansion, becoming one of the largest employers of professional journalists in the US at the time. The company grew from 46 markets to over 400 in 2010. The New York Times wrote in 2011, "AOL's Patch: Finding Progress Where Others Have Failed." In 2011, Patch acquired hyperlocal news aggregator Outside.in from investors including Union Square Ventures and others, integrating the technology into the Patch platform.
In 2013, Patch was spun out of AOL as a joint venture with Hale Global. In January 2014, the new owners announced layoffs of 400 journalists and other employees.
In February 2016, The Wall Street Journal reported that Patch had 23 million users, was profitable and expanding into new territories. In 2018, Patch completed its third profitable year in a row, attracting an average of 23.5 million unique visitors monthly. Patch employs nearly 150 people, including 110 full-time reporters, many from the nation's leading newsrooms.
Alison Bernstein was named CEO in September 2019, and later transitioned to the company's board. Rob Cain, formerly of Omron Adept, became Patch's CEO in November 2020. Charles Hale informed Recode in 2019 that his network of 1,200-plus hyperlocal news sites was generating more than $20 million in annual ad revenue, without a paywall.
References
External links
Official website
Internet properties established in 2007
Local mass media in the United States
AOL
Mass media in California
Mass media in Connecticut
Mass media in Washington, D.C.
Mass media in Florida
Mass media in Georgia (U.S. state)
Mass media in Illinois
Mass media in Iowa
Mass media in Maine
Mass media in Maryland
Mass media in Massachusetts
Mass media in Michigan
Mass media in Minnesota
Mass media in Missouri
Mass media in North Carolina
Mass media in New Hampshire
Mass media in New Jersey
Mass media in New York (state)
Mass media in Ohio
Mass media in Oregon
Mass media in Pennsylvania
Mass media in Rhode Island
Mass media in South Carolina
Mass media in Texas
Mass media in Virginia
Mass media in Washington (state)
Mass media in Wisconsin
Panindícuaro is a town and seat of the municipality of Panindícuaro, in the central Mexican state of Michoacán. As of 2010, the town had a population of 5,565. It is the birthplace of the painter Arturo Estrada Hernández.
References
Populated places in Michoacán
In the culture of the Māori of New Zealand, a tohunga (tōhuka in Southern Māori dialect) is an expert practitioner of any skill or art, either religious or otherwise. Tohunga includes expert priests, healers, navigators, carvers, builders, teachers and advisors. "A tohunga may have also been the head of a whanau but quite often was also a rangatira and an ariki". The equivalent and cognate in Hawaiian culture is kahuna.
Callings and practices
There are many classes of tohunga (Best 1924:166) including:
Tohunga ahurewa: highest class of priest
Tohunga matakite: foretellers of the future
Tohunga whakairo: expert carvers
Tohunga raranga: expert weavers
Tohunga tātai arorangi: experts at reading the stars
Tohunga kōkōrangi: expert in the study of celestial bodies (astronomer)
Tohunga tārai waka: expert canoe builders
Tohunga wetereo: expert in the language (linguist)
Tohunga tā moko: expert in tā moko (tattooist)
Tohunga mahi toi: expert artist
Tohunga tikanga tangata: expert in the study of humans (anthropologist)
Tohunga o Tumatauenga: expert in weapons or war party chaplain
Tohunga kiato: lowest class of priest
Each tohunga was a gifted spiritual leader and possessed the natural ability of communicating between the spiritual and temporal realms through karakia (prayers), pātere (chants) or performing waiata (songs) that had been passed down to them by tohunga before them. However, their rites were mainly in the specific fields in which they practiced, as outlined above.
Practices and knowledge
Tohunga held knowledge of most spiritual and temporal rites and knowledge in general were passed down through many generations by oral communication at wananga (places of learning/schools). Tools they also used were taonga pūoro for the purpose of calling on divine intervention or assistance from the gods.
Although Māori had high respect for the knowledge and skills of tohunga, witchcraft was feared by both superstitious Maori and Europeans alike. Due to settler prejudice, the risk of charlatans taking advantage of vulnerable people and because many forms of traditional Māori medicine were no longer effective against introduced European diseases this combination of factors led to the enactment of the Tohunga Suppression Act 1907.
Some tohunga declined to pass on their oral traditions after the Act was enforced in New Zealand, leaving Māori people bereft of much of their traditional base, beliefs and practices. The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this time, much of the language and traditions had been either corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
The importance, role and practices of female tohunga have been to some extent been ignored, or briefly touched upon by twentieth century scholars, and has only been explored with greater depth in modern times.
Tohunga under tapu
Tapu was, and still is, one of the most deeply ingrained beliefs and religious customs of Māori. The word tapu may be translated as sacred or forbidden, but Māori tapu has a host of variations. There was a personal tapu and local tapu; tapu of one kind or another faced the Māori everywhere. It often served a purpose similar to some of the Jewish laws of prohibition and quarantine.
Tohunga were imbued with the mysterious essences of the tapu because of their knowledge of ancient and potent karakia, religious ceremonies and their office as mediums of communication with the dread atua. All ariki also had a strong personal tapu which prevented any common person eating out of the same food basket or using anything belonging to the chief.
The remains of the sacred dead and all connected therewith were highly tapu and anyone who had been engaged in handling the dead or bones of the dead would be extremely tapu and would not dare to touch food with the hands. Consequently, such persons had to be fed in the manner shown in the painting here. This was painted from life at an old-time pa (village) in the Wanganui district. The outer palisaded fence of the pa, with its roughly carved posts, usually totara, is shown in the background. The tohunga is kneeling on mats in front of a raupo whare (house) in a remote corner of the settlement.
See also
Tohunga Suppression Act 1907
References
Best, Elsdon, Māori Religion and Mythology. Dominion Museum, Bull. 10, 1924
T. R. Hiroa (Sir Peter Buck), The Coming of the Māori. Second Edition. First published 1949. Wellington: Whitcombe and Tombs 1974.
Māori culture
Māori mythology
Māori religion
Māori society
Māori words and phrases
Austronesian spirituality
Charles D. Lane (November 15, 1840 - 1911) was a US millionaire mine owner, who is recognized as a founder of Nome, Alaska. Lane was born in Palmyra, Missouri November 15, 1840. His parents were Virginians of Scottish descent. He moved to California with his father in 1852 and almost immediately took up mining. After an unsuccessful attempt to develop a lode mine in Nevada, he achieved his first success on the Snake River in Idaho, followed some years later by a major strike at the Utica Mine at Angels, California. Lane also developed the Fortuna Mine in Arizona.
Lane was a central figure in the industrial phase of mining on the Seward Peninsula, constructing a number of developments in support of the industry, particularly in the Nome and Council areas. An employee of Lane's, G. W. Price, was present in the Golovin Bay area late in 1898, when the three “lucky Swedes”, Jafet Lindeberg, Erik O. Bloom, and J. J. Brynteson, returned from their discovery of the rich placer deposits on tributaries of the Snake River, near what is now Nome. The three original discoverers formed a second party, including Price and a few others, and returned to the Snake River, organizing the Cape Nome mining district, and staking additional claims.
Lane quickly acquired claims in the Nome area, and in 1899 was listed as co-owner, with Price, of claim. No. 8 Above Discovery on Anvil Creek, which was worked that season. At about this time, Lane joined with capitalists from California and the East Coast to form the Wild Goose Mining & Trading Company. Beginning in 1900, the Wild Goose Company began a series of major developments in support of the early mining industry on the Seward Peninsula. These included construction of the first few miles of railroad connecting Anvil Creek to Nome and a large pumping plant that provided water for mining operations on that Creek. The company acquired large holdings on Ophir Creek in the Council area, and was involved in developments in that district, including building roads, ditches, and another railroad.
As the local representative of the Wild Goose Company, Lane was a primary defendant in the legal proceedings that attempted to invalidate the original claims on Anvil Creek. Despite the machinations of a powerful politician and a corrupt local judge, Lane and the other defendants prevailed.
Lane's tenure on the Seward Peninsula was brief. In 1905 he sold the bulk of his interests in the Wild Goose Company, and by 1911 he was dead in Palo Alto. His influence extended well beyond his lifetime, however, through the activities of the Wild Goose Company, which continued as a major actor in Seward Peninsula mining until the 1920s.
He died in 1911. He headed the Wild Goose Mining & Trading Co.
References
Bibliography
Brooks, Alfred H. (1908). Development of the Mining Industry. In The Gold Placers of Parts of Seward Peninsula, Alaska by A. J. Collier, F. L. Hess, P. S. Smith and A. H. Brooks, pp. 10–39. United States Geological Survey Bulletin 328. U. S. Government Printing Office, Washington.
Harrison, E. S. (1905). Nome and Seward Peninsula: History, Description, Biographies and Stories. Souvenir Edition. Metropolitan Press, Seattle.
Smith, Howard L. (1997). Nome River Water Control Structures. BLM-Alaska Open File Repport 62. U. S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, Alaska State Office, Anchorage.
Wickersham, James. (1938).Old Yukon: Tales-Trails-and Trials. West Publishing, St. Paul.
1840 births
1911 deaths
American miners
People from Marion County, Missouri
People from Nome, Alaska
La femme enfant () is a 1980 French drama film directed by Raphaële Billetdoux and starring Klaus Kinski. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Klaus Kinski – Marcel
Pénélope Palmer – Élisabeth
Michel Robin – Le père
Hélène Surgère – La mère
Ary Aubergé – L'épicier
Georges Lucas – Le curé
Production
According to Raphaële Billetdoux, the shooting with Klaus Kinski was a nightmare and at one point she had the temptation to stop there, as it was no longer possible to continue. For example, during the bathing scene that Kinski is preparing for the girl, then 14-year-old Pénélope Palmer was already very anxious about shooting a nude scene, even shot in a very modest way. So Billetdoux had reduced the technical team to and set the stage so that Kinski had his back to her (and to the camera), as Palmer was about to enter the bathtub. He then freaked out: "What ?! I turn my back ?! Never ! And then, I want to see her naked ... "
See also
Klaus Kinski filmography
References
External links
1980 films
1980 drama films
French drama films
1980s French-language films
West German films
German drama films
1980s French films
1980s German films
Mungonzazal Janshindulam ( Yanjindulamyn Möngöntsatsal; 1972–2007), also known as "Mungo", was a Mongolian pianist and music teacher who lived and taught until her death in Düsseldorf and Dortmund, Germany. She was the first Mongolian pianist to have widespread European fame and won multiple piano competition awards. It is unknown how she died.
Life
As a young child, Mungo already showed a huge interest in music, particularly in playing the piano. At eight years of age, her mother brought her to the music and choreography school in Ulan Bator so she could learn. Her early recitals included major Mongolian piano concertos at theatres and participated in local operas. In school, she scored very well in mathematics and Russian. She graduated with honors from the school of music and choreography.
In recognition of her outstanding academic performance, she had the opportunity to attend the 12th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1985 in Moscow, Russia. At age 16, she was accepted into the Gnessin State Musical College in Moscow to study the piano.
In 1993 she moved to Germany to study with Professor Richard Braun in the Dortmund Department of the Hochschule für Musik Detmold, where she graduated in 1997. That same year, she continued her musical studies at the Musikhochschule Münster with Professor Weichert, where she graduated in 2000 with honors. At the same time she began working as a teaching assistant for Professor Schmidt in a singing class at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold. In addition, she attended master classes in Japan, Spain, and many other European countries.
In October 1996 she became the first Mongolian pianist to receive first prize at the 9th chamber music competition during the Rassegna Internazionale Pescara Musica in Pescara, Italy. Afterwards, her highly playful skill has been praised in the press. Aside from numerous concerts as either soloist or accompanist, she made notable appearances in 1999 and 2001 at the Konzerthaus Berlin in Berlin.
From 1999 to 2003 she was a teaching assistant at the Musikhochschule in Dortmund and an accompanist for the Madrigal Choir at the University of Münster. From 1999 to her death in 2007, she worked as a piano teacher and music teacher at the private Institut für Musikalische Bildung (IMB) in Dortmund. From 2002 to 2005 she continued studying at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold. In 2002 she co-founded of the well-known TrioMusarto. In 2006, she made her final appearance with TrioMusarto.
Legacy
In honor of the pianist, Mungonzazal's family established the Mungonzazal-Piano-Stiftung (Mungonzazal Piano Foundation) in the spring of 2008. The Foundation supports general charity in addition to the musical education of musically inclined individuals.
On 28 November (Mungonzazal's birthday) every other year, the Foundation organizes a chamber music competition, the first of which was held in Mongolia in 2008. Over 50 Mongolian music students and students participated in the premiere competition. This competition awarded nine students with certificates for first, second and third places. Following the competition, the participants were presented with a Mungonzazal tribute gala concert in Ulaanbaatar. The progress of competition and the concert was nationally broadcast on radio and television. In 2010, the competition was called "Mungo" and took place once again in Mongolia.
Discography
2001
Mozart: Sonate C-Dur KV 330(300h)
Schumann: Davidsbündlertänze op.6
2004 (TrioMusarto)
Beethoven: Trio c-moll op.1 Nr.3
Brahms: Trio C-Dur op.87
Gerigk: Derwischrequiem
References
1972 births
2007 deaths
Mongolian classical pianists
German music educators
Mongolian academics
Mongolian expatriates in Germany
Mongolian expatriates in the Soviet Union
People from Ulaanbaatar
Hochschule für Musik Detmold alumni
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century classical pianists
Hochschule für Musik Detmold faculty
White Feather is a 1955 American CinemaScope Western film directed by Robert D. Webb and starring Robert Wagner. The movie was filmed in Durango, Mexico. The story is based on fact; however, the particulars of the plot and the characters of the story are fictional.
Plot synopsis
The story of the peace mission from the US cavalry to the Cheyenne Indians in Wyoming during the 1870s. The Cheyenne agree to leave their hunting grounds so that white settlers can move in to search for gold. Colonel Lindsay (John Lund) and land surveyor Josh Tanner (Robert Wagner) are in charge of the resettlement, but the mission is threatened when Appearing Day (Debra Paget), the sister of Little Dog (Jeffrey Hunter) and fiancée of Cheyenne tribesman American Horse (Hugh O'Brian), falls for Tanner.
When Appearing Day runs away to join Tanner at the fort, American Horse follows, seeking to kill him. He is captured, but later freed by Little Dog and the two ride off to the hills. Tanner, Col. Lindsay and a troop of soldiers goes to the Cheyenne camp where Chief Broken Hand (Eduard Franz) has agreed to sign a peace treaty. After the signing, a warrior rides up and throws down a knife with a white feather attached, a declaration of war by American Horse and Little Dog against all the soldiers. Tanner convinces the Chief to allow the matter to be resolved between themselves.
Cast
Robert Wagner as Josh Tanner
Debra Paget as Appearing Day
John Lund as Col. Lindsay
Jeffrey Hunter as Little Dog
Eduard Franz as Chief Broken Hand
Noah Beery Jr. as Lt. Ferguson
Virginia Leith as Ann Magruder
Emile Meyer as Magruder
Hugh O'Brian as American Horse
Milburn Stone as Commissioner Trenton
Iron Eyes Cody as Indian Chief
Production
The film was based on the magazine story My Great Aunt Appearing Day by John Prebble which concerns a Native American woman who marries a British major.
Film rights were purchased by Panoramic Productions, a company under Leonard Goldstein, who had a ten picture deal with 20th Century Fox. Delmer Daves did the original script. It was the last of Panoramic's ten picture deals (replacing another intended project, Hawk of the Desert) before they left to set up at United Artists, and their first in CinemaScope. Robert Webb was assigned to direct and Robert Jacks (vice president at Panoramic) to produce. The lead cast originally announced in June 1954 were all Fox contractees – Robert Wagner, Jeffrey Hunter, Terry Moore, Dale Robertson and Rita Moreno.
Moreno was replaced by Debra Paget. Moore and Robertson would not appear in the final film.
Filming began in July 1954 in Durango, Mexico. It was the first Hollywood movie shot in Durango, which would become a regular location for Hollywood films, especially Westerns.
Early into the shoot, Goldstein died unexpectedly.
Reception
The film was a moderate box-office success earning North American rentals of $1,650,000.
See also
List of American films of 1955
Footnotes
References
External links
1955 films
20th Century Fox films
1955 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by Robert D. Webb
Films scored by Hugo Friedhofer
Films set in Wyoming
Films set in the 1870s
CinemaScope films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Cheez Doodles are a cheese puff produced by Wise Foods. Originally developed and manufactured in 1964 by King Kone Corp. of the Bronx, New York, it became the prevalent cheese puff snack on the East Coast.
Description
Cheez Doodles are a cheese-flavored baked cheese puff made of extruded cornmeal and are similar to Frito-Lay's Cheetos and Herr Foods Cheese Curls. The snack was created by Morrie Yohai and is produced by Pennsylvania-based snack foods producer Wise Foods.
History
Originally developed and manufactured by King Kone Corp. of the Bronx, Cheez Doodles were developed by the company's owner and operator, Morrie Yohai (1920–2010). King Kone had been founded in the 1920s and manufactured ice cream cones, cheese crackers, popcorn, and Melba toast. In the early 1960s, the company had a machine which could be used to produce three-inch lengths of extruded cornmeal. These were then baked with orange cheddar cheese powder and other flavorings to produce a new snack food. According to Yohai, the name "Cheez Doodles" came to him while he and other employees were sitting around a table sampling alternatives for the cheese flavoring of the new snack.
In the mid-1960s, the company (by then known as Old London Foods) was acquired by Borden and assigned to its Wise potato chip division. In 1997, KKR & Co. acquired a majority interest in Borden; in 2002, Palladium Equity Partners purchased Wise Foods.
Today, Wise Foods is owned by Arca Continental, the second-largest Coca-Cola bottler in Central and North America, who bought Wise in 2012. Cheez Doodles remain one of the strongest brands marketed by Wise with 15 million pounds of the product produced in 2010.
Varieties
Cheez Doodles are produced in many varieties. Varieties available were:
Cheez Doodles Baked Puffs – original variety
Cheez Doodles Baked Puffs White Cheddar – white cheddar puffed rather than yellow cheddar
Cheez Doodles Baked Puffs Hot & Honey – honey and cheddar flavored
Cheez Doodles Baked Puffs Honey BBQ – honey barbecue sauce flavored
Cheez Doodles Baked Puffs Extra Cheesy – additional yellow cheddar cheese flavoring
Cheez Doodles Extra Crunchy – hard, crunchy fried variety
Cheez Doodles Baked Puffed Balls – spherical puff variety
Cheez Doodles Baked Puffed Balls Jalapeño Poppers – spherical puffs with yellow cheddar with jalapeño flavoring
Formerly available varieties included:
Croc-o-Doodles – crocodile-shaped puffed snacks
Cheez Doodles Crunchy – hard, crunchy fried variety
Cheez Doodles Crunchy, Reduced Fat – lower fat version of the hard, crunchy variety
Cheez Doodle-O's – circle-shaped hard, crunchy snacks
In popular culture
In the comic strip Big Nate, Cheez Doodles are protagonist Nate Wright's favorite snack food.
Cheez Doodles are prominently featured in George R. R. Martin's short story, The Pear-shaped Man.
References
External links
Official website
Cheese Doodles day 5th of March (Scandinavia)
Brand name snack foods
Products introduced in 1948
American snack foods
Quitman County is a county located in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 2,513, making it the second-least populous county in Georgia. The county seat is Georgetown. The county was created on December 10, 1858, and named after General John A. Quitman, leader in the Mexican–American War, and once Governor of Mississippi. In November 2006, residents voted to consolidate the city government of Georgetown and the county government of Quitman into a consolidated city-county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.8%) is water. The entirety of Quitman County is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River–Walter F. George Lake sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Major highways
U.S. Route 82
State Route 27
State Route 39
State Route 50
Adjacent counties
Stewart County (north)
Randolph County (east)
Clay County (south)
Barbour County, Alabama (west/CST Border)
National protected area
Eufaula National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,598 people, 1,047 households, and 755 families living in the county. The population density was 7/km2 (17/mi2). There were 1,773 housing units at an average density of 5/km2 (12/mi2). The racial makeup of the county was 52.12% White, 46.88% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.04% Asian, 0.19% from other races, and 0.54% from two or more races. 0.50% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,047 households, out of which 26.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.20% were married couples living together, 18.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.80% were non-families. Of all households, 24.90% were made up of individuals, and 12.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.00% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 23.60% from 25 to 44, 25.40% from 45 to 64, and 19.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 88.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,875, and the median income for a family was $30,691. Males had a median income of $23,365 versus $19,069 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,301. About 16.10% of families and 21.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.60% of those under age 18 and 24.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 2,513 people, 1,053 households, and 689 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,047 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 51.3% white, 47.9% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 0.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.8% were Irish, 10.0% were English, 6.1% were German, and 5.5% were American.
Of the 1,053 households, 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were married couples living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.6% were non-families, and 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 46.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,912 and the median income for a family was $34,342. Males had a median income of $27,096 versus $22,331 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,642. About 21.2% of families and 31.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 47.4% of those under age 18 and 24.5% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 2,235 people, 842 households, and 577 families residing in the county.
Education
Quitman County School District operates area public schools, including Quitman County High School.
County students attended Stewart-Quitman High School (now Stewart County High School) from 1978, until Quitman County High opened, in 2009.
Communities
Georgetown (county seat)
Morris
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Quitman County, Georgia
References
External links
Georgetown-Quitman County Consolidated Government
Quitman County Sheriff
1858 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1858
Witchouse is a 1999 supernatural horror film directed by David DeCoteau, credited as Jack Reed, and stars Matt Raftery, Monica Serene Garnich, Ariauna Albright, Brooke Mueller, Ashley McKinney, Dave Oren Ward, and Dane Northcutt. It was released by Full Moon Features. The film has received mainly negative reviews. The independent film was followed by two sequels, Witchouse 2: Blood Coven and Witchouse 3: Demon Fire. The film is dedicated to Dave Oren Ward who was murdered in Los Angeles on April 7, 1999.
Synopsis
On May Day 1998, in Dunwich, Massachusetts, Elizabeth gathers together a group of specially selected friends for a rather odd party. It turns out that she is the descendant of a malevolent witch named Lilith who was burned at the stake precisely three hundred years ago. Now Elizabeth hopes to resurrect her dreadful ancestor and has a specific (and murderous) need for the guests she has chosen.
Cast
Ariauna Albright as Lilith LaFey
Matt Raftery as Jack Smith
Monica Serene Garnich as Jennifer
Ashley McKinney as Elizabeth LaFey
Brooke Mueller as Janet
Dave Oren Ward as Tony
Dane Northcutt as Scott
Marissa Tait as Maria
Ryan Scott Greene as Brad
Jason Faunt as Bob
Kimberly Pullis as Margaret
Roy Dallas as Kit
Production
Development
Neal Marshall Stevens wrote the original script under the pseudonym Benjamin Carr for Full Moon Entertainment. The studio rejected Stevens' screenplay in favor for a film more akin to Night of the Demons, but would later repurpose it for the 2001 film Stitches.
Filming
Production began in Romania with David Decoteau serving as director.
Release
Witchouse was released on June 22, 1999 by Full Moon Entertainment.
Home Media
The studio released the film on DVD on July 28, 1999.
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Witchouse has one negative review.
References
External links
1999 films
1999 horror films
Films directed by David DeCoteau
Films about witchcraft
American ghost films
American supernatural horror films
American films about revenge
Full Moon Features films
Films set in 1998
Films set in Massachusetts
American exploitation films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Nanto, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Etchū-Yamada Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 27.5 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has a single side platform serving one bi-directional track. The station is staffed.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 10 August 1951. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 39 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 304
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1951
Jōhana Line
Nanto, Toyama
Pärn is a common surname in Estonia (meaning linden), and may refer to:
Andre Pärn (born 1977), basketball player
Endel Pärn (1914–1990), actor
(1912–1943), boxer
Illimar Pärn (born 1988), ski jumper
(1843–1916), writer and pedagogue
Katrin Pärn (born 1977), actress
(1903–1974), Soviet military commander
(born 1945), actress
Olga Pärn (born 1976), animator, film director and illustrator
Priit Pärn (born 1946), cartoonist and animation director
Sander Pärn (born 1992), rally driver
See also
Lõhmus, another Estonian surname meaning Linden
Estonian-language surnames
The black-and-white warbler (Mniotilta varia) is a species of New World warbler, and the only member of its genus, Mniotilta.
It breeds in northern and eastern North America and winters in Florida, Central America, and the West Indies down to Peru. This species is a very rare vagrant to western Europe.
Relative to other New World warblers, it is not well studied.
Description
The black-and-white warbler is to in length with a mass of to grams. Wingspan ranges from 7.1-8.7 in (18-22 cm).
True to their name, black-and-white warblers are black and white in colour. Both sexes have black and white crowns with a white eyebrow, black streaking on a white belly, black wings with two white wing bars, a black tail, a black-and-white streaked back, streaky undertail coverts, and grey-black legs and feet. Breeding males have a black-and-white streaked throat and black cheek, while females have a grey cheek and a white-cream coloured throat and sides. First fall males are very similar to adult females in colour and patterning, while first fall females resemble to adult females but with less streaking and a more noticeable buffy wash. Juveniles are heavily spotted, and are similar to first fall individuals otherwise.
This species is long and weighs . The summer male black-and-white warbler is boldly streaked in black and white, and the bird has been described as a flying humbug. Each wing is black with two white wing bars. Female and juvenile plumages are similar, but duller and less streaky than males.
This warbler can be confused with the blackpoll warbler (Setophaga striata). The blackpoll warbler is also black and white in its summer plumage, but has a solid black cap. The black-and-white warbler can also be confused behaviourally with the pine warbler (Setophaga pinus) and yellow-throated warbler (Setophaga dominica).
Taxonomy
Linnaeus described the black-and-white warbler (Mniotilta varia) in 1766. This warbler is a species of New World warbler or wood warbler (family Parulidae), and is the only member of its genus due to its unique foraging adaptations.
It is known to hybridize with the cerulean warbler (Setophaga cerulea) and Blackburnian warbler (Setophaga fusca). The black-and-white warbler is thought to be closely related to the genus Setophaga.
No subspecies are known.
Etymology
The genus name comes from the Ancient Greek , meaning "seaweed", and , "to pluck". Vieillot mistranslated the first word, as "moss". The specific varia is from the Latin , meaning "variegated".
Habitat and distribution
The black-and-white warbler is a migratory species, breeding in North America and wintering in North and South America. It is typically found in deciduous forest in its breeding range, but becomes more of a habitat generalist in the non-breeding season.
Habitat
The black-and-white warbler occupies a broad niche, and is found in a variety of habitats.
In its breeding habitat, it prefers mature forest, but will occupy successional and second growth forest. Preferred forest types include deciduous and mixed forest, and this warbler sometimes occupies swampy forest.
During migration, this species prefers forest to other land cover types and is frequently found in riparian areas.
In its wintering habitat, it can be found in a variety of land cover types, from mangroves to wet, dry, and cloud forest. It occupies both successional and mature forest. It has also been noted to winter in shade coffee plantations and gardens.
Males are territorial in both their summer and winter habitats.
Distribution
The black-and-white warbler breeds in northern and eastern North America. It ranges from the Northwest Territories to the northwest and Newfoundland and Labrador to the northeast, to North Carolina to the southeast and Texas to the southwest. This species is migratory, wintering in Florida, Central America, and northern South America down to Peru. The IUCN estimates the extent of occurrence, or range, to be 11,500,000 km2.
This species occurs as a vagrant in Iceland, Ireland, Faeroes, and the UK.
Conservation status
The IUCN classifies the black-and-white warbler as Least Concern due to its large range and population size. However, its population is decreasing. Habitat loss and degradation, especially forest fragmentation, are the main factors contributing to the species' decline. If habitat loss continues, in either or both summer or wintering habitat, the species may continue to decline in the future. Pesticides such as fenitrothion and phosphamidon have contributed to the species' decline in the 1970s, and others such as chlorinated hydrocarbons may continue to have an effect.
Behaviour
Vocalization
The black-and-white warbler has a high-pitched song, described as a repeating that is repeated at least 6 times in succession. It has a chip call as well as a call that is sometimes given in flight.
Its song is a high or . It has two calls, a hard and a soft, thin .
Diet
This bird feeds on insects and spiders, and, unlike other warblers, forages like a nuthatch, moving up and down tree trunks and along branches.
The black-and-white warbler feeds in a manner similar to a nuthatch or a creeper. It forages on tree trunks and limbs to feed on insects below the bark's surface. Its short legs and long hind toe are adaptations to this foraging method. The black-and-white warbler is unique among warblers in its time spent foraging on tree trunks and inner branches. This bird also gleans, like many warblers, for insects. Its diet is composed of insects and other arthropods, including lepidopteran larvae, beetles, ants, and spiders. During migration and breeding, this warbler relies heavily on lepidopteran larvae.
During migration, the black-and-white warbler sometimes joins mixed flocks to feed.
Reproduction
It breeds in broadleaved or mixed forest, preferably in wetter areas. Black-and-white warblers nest on the ground, laying 4–5 eggs in a cup nest.
The black-and-white warbler is of the first warblers to arrive to its spring breeding grounds. In the southernmost range of its breeding habitat, it can begin breeding mid-April. Males are territorial and defend their territory, both by singing and chasing competitors away. When a female arrives in a male's territory, he pursues her in an effort to breed. The male may display by flapping his wings.
The nest is cup-shaped, often located on the ground among roots or against a tree, or in crevices on tree stumps. The species prefers to nest in damp areas. The nest is constructed with grassy material, bark, and dry leaves, and lined with softer material such as moss and hair. The female is responsible for most of the nest-building. The female lays 4-5 eggs, which are light brown and speckled with darker brown. The female begins incubating once the last or second-to-last egg is laid. Incubation lasts 10 to 12 days, and is done solely by the female. During incubation, the female is sometimes fed by the male.
Both parents care for the nestlings. The young fledge after 8 to 12 days, and stay around the nest while they improve their flight ability. During this time, the parents remain nearby.
This species generally produces one brood per year.
Black-and-white warbler nests are sometimes parasitized by the brown-headed cowbird (Molothrus ater).
Gallery
References
External links
Black-and-white warbler (Mniotilta varia) – USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Black-and-white warbler species account – Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Stamps at bird-stamps.org
Black-and-white warbler vocalizations at Florida Museum of Natural History
Black-and-white warbler sounds- Macaulay Library
black-and-white warbler
Birds of North America
Birds of the Caribbean
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Central America
Birds of South America
black-and-white warbler
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Extant Late Pleistocene first appearances
Thomas Poyntz (died May 1562) was an English merchant resident in Antwerp in the sixteenth century. He invited the English cleric William Tyndale to stay at his house while a refugee there. However in 1535 Henry Philips tricked Tyndale into leaving the safety of the Poyntz household whilst Poyntz attended the Easter fair in Bergen op Zoom.
Thomas was the son of William Poyntz (d. 1504) who held the manor of North Ockendon. His brother, John, inherited the estate. However when John died without issue Thomas inherited the estate in 1547.
Thomas was a member of the Worshipful Company of Grocers.
References
1562 deaths
Grocers
Bashkend may refer to:
Artsvashen, Exclave of Armenia, officially called Bashkand
Gegharkunik, Gegharkunik, Armenia, formerly Bashkend
Vernashen, Armenia, formerly Bashkend
See also
Başkənd (disambiguation)
Başköy (disambiguation)
The American College of Medical Informatics consists of elected Fellows that have demonstrated major contributions in biomedical and health informatics, have achieved national recognition in the field, and are committed to advancing the charitable, scientific, literary and educational purposes of informatics for a sustain period of time. Each year, new fellows are elected by the voting members of ACMI. Fellows are elected for life and upon election are named Fellows of ACMI and may use the designation “FACMI”. Those for which the achievements have been documented on Wikipedia are provided below. Each person's name, and election year are given.
Fellows
References
Fellows of learned societies of the United States
Lists of members of learned societies
Lajos Szabó (1 July 1902 in Budapest – 21 October 1967 in Düsseldorf) was a Hungarian philosopher and one of the founders of the Budapest Dialogical School.
Early life
Lajos Szabó was born in Budapest on 1 July 1902. In 1919 he was dismissed from vocational secondary school due to his sympathies with the Hungarian Soviet Republic. At the beginning of the 1920s, he took part in the illegal Communist movement for a few months.
A Self-Taught Philosopher
In the first half of the 1920s, Lajos Szabó worked in Vienna and Budapest as a bookshop-assistant. Between 1928 and 1930 he became a member of the "work circle" of Lajos Kassák. He wrote two articles for the journal Munka. It was at this time that he got acquainted with Karl Korsch. Together with several other members of the Munkakör (Movement of Work), Lajos Szabó was expelled from this communist organisation. The secessionists called themselves the Hungarian movement of the opposition. This leftist, anti-capitalist and, at the same time, anti-Bolshevik social movement was also connected to the uncompromising Marxism of Karl Korsch
Cooperation with Béla Tábor
In 1930 Lajos Szabó got to know Béla Tábor with whom he had a close work relationship until the end of his life. Between 1931 and 1932, Lajos Szabó spent some months in Berlin and Frankfurt. He studied at the Institute for Social Research and in 1933 and 1934 he went on study tours to Vienna and to Paris.
He wrote Vádirat a szellem ellen (The Indictment of the Spirit) in 1936 together with Béla Tábor. In 1937 A hit logikája – Teocentrikus logika (The Logic of Faith: A Theocentric Logic) was published. The second part of this work was published only long after his death. Lajos Szabó wrote a number of studies that were published only after his death: Megjegyzések a marxizmus kritikájához [Remarks on the Critique of Marxism], A tudományos szocializmus bírálatához [A Contribution to the Critique of Scientific Socialism], A mammonizmus természetrajzához [On the Nature of Mammonism], Adalékok a halmazelmélet kérdéseihez [Contributions to the Theory of Sets], Nietzsche).
A very important study by Lajos Szabó is Biblia és romantika (The Bible and Romanticism) which was written based on a lecture he gave in 1941.
In 1938 he married Magda Pallós who died in 1946. In 1940 he was called up for labour service, but a few weeks later he was dismissed from the army due to his tuberculosis. He was hospitalised at the New St John's Hospital in Budakeszi. His close friend Lajos Vajda was treated at the same hospital ward. In the spring of 1944 Szabó was deported to Auschwitz. He survived and returned home to Hungary at the end of 1945.
Budapest Dialogical School
Lajos Szabó and Béla Tábor laid the foundations of the Budapest Dialogical School in the post-war years. During these years they cooperated closely with Béla Hamvas, a writer and essayist and also with Lajos Fülep, an art historian. Lajos Szabó, Béla Tábor and Béla Hamvas came together regularly to discuss problems of philosophy and art theory, and their "intellectual community" came to be known as the "Thursday Talks". Stefánia Mándy, the wife of Béla Tábor and Katalin Kemény the wife of Béla Hamvas also took part in these conversations.
Lajos Szabó published two writings in 1946: Irodalom és rémület (Literature and Fright) Diárium and Művészet és vallás (Art and Religion) in Mouseion. Between 1946 and 1948 he delivered lectures to young intellectuals. His talks included detailed value theoretical and value psychological analyses. In these lectures Lajos Szabó strove at a synthesis of the pre-philosophical situation (e.g. Indian tradition and the pre-Socratic philosophers) with the post-philosophical approach, i.e. the critique
of philosophy, religion and art which is to be found in the works of the great figures of the 19th century, such as Søren Aabye Kierkegaard, Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky and Friedrich Nietzsche).
Lajos Szabó's thinking is closely related to the achievements of the philosophy of the dialogue as represented by Ferdinand Ebner, Franz Rosenzweig and Martin Buber, and he called himself also a "language philosopher". At the beginning of his lectures on value theory he pointed out that he identifies himself primarily with the Biblicism of Ferdinand Ebner, because he regards this approach basically unassailable, well-founded and as the one that goes furthest, although he believed that in important respects—primarily with regard to the evaluation of mathematics and art—Biblicism has to be re-examined and also criticised.
The most active participants of the seminar lectures were Attila Kotányi and György Kunszt who also made written records of the lectures. The lectures covered the following topics: psychology, value and sign theory, economics, existentialism, the Indian traditions, theory of sets, the concept of language maths and prismatism. The printed version of these lectures could be published only after 1990, long after Szabó´s death.
Lajos Szabó participated actively in the activities of the Európai Iskola (European School), which was a neo-avantgarde group of visual artists and writers. From 1949 on, in the period of Stalinist dictatorship in Hungary, close relationships emerged between the then underground movement of the Budapest School of the Philosophy of the Dialogue and the banned avantgarde visual artists, especially those who were members of the European School.
From the mid-1950s on, Lajos Szabó started to draw calligraphies. The year 1954 saw the creation of the first calligraphies which can be regarded to be "meditations expressed through drawings". After 1956 he left Hungary with his wife. He stayed in Vienna till the end of 1957 following which, till the end of 1961, he lived in Brussels. In 1960 Lajos Szabó travelled around West Germany, and his calligraphies were exhibited in Munich, Dortmund, Hamburg and Hagen. In 1962 he moved to Düsseldorf. In 1966 he had an exhibition in Paris. Lajos Szabó adopted the pseudonym "AO". On the one hand, this can be regarded as an ancronym formed from the adjective "anti-organisational", on the other hand, A and O were the vowels contained in his first and last names. For a period of time, he signed the calligraphies with "AO". Later, however, AO got transformed into a visual motif.
Lajos Szabó died on 21 October 1967 in Düsseldorf. His grave is in the Jewish cemetery of the town.
Lajos Szabó, the philosopher
Although the knowledge of Marxism and its ways of thinking were indeed present in Lajos Szabó's thinking, his main sources were existentialist thinkers in particular the twentieth-century philosophy of the dialogue represented by Franz Rosenzweig and, above all, Ferdinand Ebner (Das Wort and die geistigen Realitäten).
These are the most important topics in the writings of Lajos Szabó:
An emphasis was placed on the organic unity of the European tradition as a whole, including the arts, science, philosophy and religion.
The unity of language and thinking and the methodological use of this conviction were emphasized.
Based on the above and also on an anti-materialist and anti-Marxist theory of values, all value-creating processes (including the production of material goods) were attributed to 'research'.
Research in this broad sense was considered to be a fundamental human activity. It was believed to include not only scientific research but also all types of arts and all human acts that indeed bring something new into the world, evidently not out of thin air, but inspired by cultural, linguistic and philosophical traditions.
His most-cited work, written together with his close associate, Béla Tábor, is Vádirat a szellem ellen (Indictment of the Spirit) consists of three parts.
This book takes the whole of intellectual life to account: "Someone should at last undertake performing the embarrassing task, and pull off the veil of innocence from the only factor which has remained intact so far in a world splintered along conflicting interests and characterised by the bellum omnium contra omnes, the spirit. (…) We are aware that when we undertake revealing intellectual life we become traitors to the class of intelligentsia. The «creative intelligentsia» seems to have had a very good time in the position which it occupied in the invisible hierarchy of society. It was the social class which could accuse without being accused, which could pass judgements without being judged. (…) This is an elegant and risk-free position to take. Nations fought terrible battles, millions died and the spirit could be the accuser: come and behold the work of politicians! Masses live in abject poverty, classes lose the ground below their feet, the mechanism of production bogs down, and the spirit can assume the role of the accuser: come and behold the social structure! Terrible epidemics decimate whole peoples and sordid sins are revealed, and the spirit can become the accuser again: come and see today's health-care! And what if we also mentioned all the depraved standards of morality! And all the accusations brought up by the intelligentsia are accompanied by a gesture of being ignored: if only the spirit could assume power…!"
The first part of the Indictment of the Spirit deals with the ongoing fragmentation of the spirit, which can be primarily seen in the arts and humanities. In this process language as a rational means of dialogue is ruined. The spirit renounces its leadership role, and pursues modest goals. This crisis can only be overcome if everyone who devotes their energies to researching a problem considers all the other proposed solutions to the problem as a personal challenge as a personal question addressed to them. The representatives of the spirit have to be aware of their own character traits, and also know, that in addition to influencing the masses, they themselves should learn from them.
The second part of this work deals with the practice and the theory of the spirit. The authors point out that the spirit has retreated into the theory, accepting at the same time the fact that practice has subjugated theory.
The third part of the book deals with the "geography of the spirit" The problem of Marxism, the authors point out, is that the objective of this movement, i.e. the creation of a new man, is not compatible with the dictatorial means whereby this objective is to be achieved.
The authors, followers of the philosophy of the dialogue, assert that the main cause of the crisis is the helplessness of the spirit.
In his review, Béla Hamvas pointed out that this book should be regarded an anthropological study. He finishes his evaluation with the following words: "The real history of man is man's history of becoming godlike (…) Being a man means to have a fate, in which, in spite of errors and mistakes, there is always an opportunity for becoming godlike." This book review by Béla Hamvas, which at the time of its writing the publisher refused to publish because he thought the reviewer gave this work too much recognition, finishes with the highly topical, indeed poetic statement: "Life becomes more and more difficult for man, because he knows more and more. And he who knows a lot, and does not live accordingly, points out Jan van Ruysbroek, is lost once and for all."
Lajos Szabó, the calligrapher
In the last stage of Szabó's life, a speculative graphic art played an important role. "Szabó's genre within graphic art is the abstract calligraphy (…) When calligraphy is substituted by abstract calligraphy, this means that the letters are substituted by signs and by the image. A religious person must have a great deal of courage to make this step towards abstraction. Lajos Szabó came to the recognition that signs, inspired by letters and replacing them, are the direct manifestations of the soul."
Lajos Szabó created his first calligraphies in 1954. "The abstract line of the emerging works »is not the abstraction of something«. It is not the abstract reflection of something concrete in reality, but it is rather the primary reality. It is the sign, the reflection and the breakthrough of the growing soul, it is »non-representational« in a way defined by Malewitsch. It is an inventive, internal spiritual reality. The carrier of this reality is just the line. The manifestations of the line are the traces that the pencil or the pen leave on a sheet of paper.
A meaningful number of calligraphies originating from the period preceding the end of 1956 was exhibited in 1980 in the Budapest Club of Young Artists. (The curators of the exhibition were Dániel Bíró and Botond Kocsis.)
In December 1957 Lajos Szabó's works were exhibited together with the works of Lajos Vajda, Endre Bálint, Attila Kotányi und Lyubomir Szabó in the Brussels Palais Des Beaux Arts.
Lajos Szabó's calligraphies are preserved in a number of non-Hungarian museums: Musée Royal, Brussels; Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen Rotterdam; Museum Kunstpalast, Düsseldorf; Staatliche Kunstsammlung Stuttgart; Sammlung Haubrich im Museum Ludwig Köln; Städtisches Kunstmuseum, Duisburg; Stiftung Lehmbruch Museum-Zentrum Internationalen Skulptur, Duisburg; Kunstmuseum Bochum Kunstsammlung.
The Berlin Calligraphy Collection in Berlin's Akademie der Künste has a total of 414 calligraphies by Lajos Szabó which were created before Szabó's emigration to the West.
Exhibitions
1955 Budapest, studio exhibition of the first calligraphies
1956 Budapest, studio exhibition
1957 Brussels, Palais des Beaux Arts: Peintres Hongrois, Lajos Vajda, Lajos Szabó, André Bálint, Attila Kotányi, Lyubomir Szabó
1959 Brussels, Palais des Beaux Arts
1960 Brussels, Galerie Ptah: Louis Szabo
1960 Hamburg, Haus der Begegnung
1960 Dortmund, Fritz-Henßler-Haus
1960 Berlin, Kongresshalle
1961 Düsseldorf, Galerie Strake
1962 Hagen, Karl-Ernst-Osthaus-Museum: Louis Szabo, Zeichnerische Meditationen-Physiognomische Studien
1980 Budapest, Club of Young Artists: Lajos Szabó, An Introduction and a Selection from calligraphies created in the years 1954–1956
1994 Abbey of Pannonhalma, Hungary
1997 Budapest, Ernst Múzeum: Die spekulativen grafischen Bildschriften von Lajos Szabó (1902–1967)
1998 Düsseldorf, City Museum: Die spekulativen grafischen Bildschriften von Lajos Szabó (1902–1967)
2011 Eger, Hungary, Ars GEometrica Galéria
2011 Budapest, 2B Galéria, Presence-of Mind Calligraphies, 1957–1967
References
1902 births
1967 deaths
Writers from Budapest
20th-century Hungarian philosophers
Hungarian World War II forced labourers
Rodolpho Theodor Wilhelm Gaspar von Ihering (born Taquara, 17 July 1883; died 15 September 1939) was a Brazilian zoologist and biologist, who is considered to be one of the founders of Pisciculture in Brazil.
von Ihering was the son of German zoologist Hermann von Ihering and Anna Maria Clara Belzer, and grandson of Rudolf von Jhering. He married Isabel de Azevedo, daughter of Colonel Luis Gonzaga de Azevedo, with whom he had two daughters, Maria and Dora, and a son, who died at the age of four. As a child he spent a lot of time in his father's laboratory and this gave him a grounding in Zoology and when he graduated from the university of São Paulo in 1901 with a Bachelor of Science and Letters in 1901 his father, who was Direcor of the Museu Paulista, appointed him as deputy director for finance of the museum that year. He published his first scientific paper in 1903 and he mainly published in the Magazine of the Paulista Museum, often on systematics.
In 1911 he travelled to Europe where he spent almost a year working at the Biological Station in Naples, then at the University of Vienna, and finally at the Musée National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris, where he worked with Eugène Louis Bouvier.
In 1917 Hermann von Ihering was dismissed from his position of director of the Museu Paulista on Brazil's entry into World War I on the Allied side. In protest, Rodolpho left the museum and opened a small metalworks factory, Fábrica Santa Izabel, where he worked for the next ten years. During this period, however, he continued to be an active naturalist. In 1926 and 1927 he began to work in the Parasitology laboratory of the School of Medicine of the University of São Paulo, which had been established by the entomologist Lauro Pereira Travassos. From 1927 he concentrated his research in the field of ichthyology, describing many new species of fish. He began to work at the Biological Institute of Agricultural and Animal Defence of São Paulo, which was founded in 1927, as assistant in the Entomology and Animal Parasitology section and as head of the Zoology Section. It was dedicated to the study of the breeding biology of fish of the region of the State of São Paulo, especially of the Billings Reservoir, and of rivers in Mogi Guaçu , the Tietê and the Piracicaba. From 1931, Ihering dedicated himself exclusively to the economics and biology of fish farming. Ilhering learnt the Tupi-Guarani language, so that he could understand the etymologicalical roots of the names of Brazilian animals and from this an important work was born: "Dicionário dos animais do Brasil ("Dictionary of the Animals of Brazil"), which was published by the University of Brasilia in the year following Ilhering's death, 1940.
From 1932 until 1937 Ihering was the head of the Technical Commission of Fisheries of the Nordeste, assisting rapid growth in the pisciculture in that region and in the world, through the development of hypophysation, a technique of artificially encouraging fish to reproduce by removing the hypophysis or pituitary gland from a fish, preparing it and then injecting the preparation into another mature fish, of either sex, to promote final maturation and spawning. During this period he oversaw the establishment of fish farms in Pirassununga and Porto Alegre. He died suddenly in 1939.
Ihering was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences, the Society of Biology of São Paulo, the Clube Zoológico do Brasil, the Limnological Society of America and the American Fisheries Society. He was awarded an honorary doctor by the University of Giessen.
Legacy
Ilhering's name has been given to 23 species of the Brazilian fauna, including 3 insects, 10 fish and a reptile.
The Brazilan Catfish Pareiorhina rudolphi was named after him.
The Brazilian Society of Zoology, instituted the Rodolpho von Ihering Prize for the best zoology article, book or book chapter published in Brazil in each year. The Rodolpho von Ihering Ichthyology Research Center in Pentecoste, Ceará is named after him; while the Rodolpho von Ihering Library, remains in the collection of the Experimental Station of Biology and Fisheries of Pirassununga, in 1981.
Publications
The principal published works of Ihering are:
O Livrinho das Aves (1914).
Fauna do Brasil (1917).
Da Vida Dos Peixes (1923).
Contos de um Naturalista (1924).
No Campo e na Floresta (1927).
Da Vida dos Nossos Animais (1934).
Dicionário dos animais do Brasil (1940).
See also
:Category:Taxa named by Rodolpho von Ihering
References
20th-century Brazilian zoologists
Brazilian ichthyologists
Brazilian people of German descent
1883 births
1939 deaths
Fifth Eskadra is a 1984 video game published by Simulations Canada.
Gameplay
Fifth Eskadra is a game in which a modern naval war is simulated.
Reception
William Highfield reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "The release of FE convinces me that Simulations Canada will be climbing in importance in the computer simulation field."
References
External links
Review in GAMES Magazine
Review in InCider
Review in Tilt
1984 video games
Apple II games
Commodore 64 games
Computer wargames
Cold War video games
Naval video games
Simulations Canada video games
Turn-based strategy video games
Video games developed in Canada
Video games set in Europe
The Anglican Diocese of the Northern Territory covers Australia's Northern Territory and is part of the Province of Queensland in the Anglican Church of Australia.
The first Bishop of the Northern Territory was consecrated in 1968. The cathedral church of the diocese is Christ Church Cathedral, Darwin. The fifth bishop, Greg Thompson, resigned to become the Bishop of Newcastle, New South Wales. In June 2014 the diocese announced the appointment of Greg Anderson as the sixth bishop who was consecrated and appointed in November 2014.
The current Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Darwin is the Very Reverend Rob Llewellyn, who was installed on 16 October 2020. Llewellyn previously held the position of Rector of Gloucester in the Diocese of Newcastle.
Cathedral
Christ Church Anglican Cathedral first became a cathedral in 1968 when the Anglican Diocese of the Northern Territory was established in 1968 out of the larger Diocese of Carpentaria, which covered the Northern Territory, North Queensland, and the Tiwi Islands. It was the largest diocese in the world. The Northern Territory Diocese is "the youngest of the 23 dioceses (regions) of the Anglican Church of Australia." The building was almost totally destroyed by Cyclone Tracy in 1974.
The present cathedral was completed in 1977 on the site of the previous building, incorporating the surviving porch of the old church. The porch had been constructed in 1944 by the Australian Navy. The back wall of the new octagonal building was formed from reclaimed stone from the old church. Many of the treasures of the original building were recovered and repaired. The Cathedral underwent many repairs and renovations since its construction in 1902.
Construction of the Cathedral
Before the Church was constructed, “services were held in the town hall and the courthouse”, attended by the “Anglican community of Palmerston”, as the town of Palmerston did not officially become known as Darwin until 1913, and would not be given city status until 1959. In 1900, the Diocese of Carpentaria was formed, and Bishop Gilbert White was consecrated as the first Bishop of the Diocese. He first visited Palmerston and the Northern Territory in February 1901 and in that year “a committee was set up to purchase a block of land for a church”.
Lot 406 and Lot 407
Lot 407 is the block upon which the first Church was built. The original owner of the land was Matthew Bennet. The land would eventually be mortgaged when Bennet “was ‘seized of an estate in fee simple' of the lot” on 21 July 1875. The title was transferred John Garlick Pitcher on 6 July 1882 when the mortgage was discharged. The title eventually transferred to David Daniels on 24 January 1891, and eventually to Bishop Gilbert White. The recorded transfer to Bishop Gilbert White was registered on 11 November 1903, but “due to delays in solicitor's offices, government departments etc.” and consideration of the Church finishing its construction in October 1902, it is more likely that the land was purchased in this year, and “Bishop White consecrated the building on 2 November 1902.”
Lot 406 is where the rectory was built. Lot 551, “which is in Bennett St...near the Knuckey St intersection, was bought” by an Englishwoman, Miss Ridley, as an offer to the Parish to purchase a block of land to build a rectory in July 1909. Lot 551 ended up being sold when the Northern Territory fell into recession, leaving the Parish with “no money to put up a building.” Lot 551 was eventually sold in 1911 and in 1912 “Mr Waters (a member of the Parochial Council) had sold Lot 406 to the church.” The Rector did not move in until 1913, the end of the lease for the previous tenants, “the newly established Northern Territory Aboriginals Department, and a building which was used by and for Aboriginal people.” No water tank was put up, and “in January 1917 an order to vacate was issued”, follow issues faced with white ants. Eventually, “the first dedicated rectory was built, for £751, in 1917.”
Cyclone Tracy
On Christmas morning, 1974, Darwin was struck by Cyclone Tracy. The recorded wind gusts recorded “217 km/h before the anemometer was destroyed”, with “Maximum gusts estimated to 240 km/h.” The Cathedral, like much of Darwin, was destroyed. All that remained was the porch, where it remains today, but the Church Hall and the Rectory were rubble. Efforts were made to recover and repair any items of significance from the destruction. Two brass plaques made in commemoration of two parishioners who were killed in action in the First World War were recovered and are currently “mounted in the porch” of the original Church. There is a time capsule placed in the narthex of the Cathedral, prepared by “local historian and long-time church warden, Peter Spillett”, who had also “recovered the pieces of the rector's chair for reconstruction.”
The present-day Cathedral was built on the site of the original between 1975 and 1976, with the surviving porch remaining in front of the Church, and “On Sunday 13 March 1977 in the presence of the Archbishop of Canterbury Christ Church Cathedral was consecrated.” The new Cathedral was visited by Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh a few weeks later, with the Queen's signature “recorded in a special visitors' book commemorating the consecration and the royal visit.”
The Cyclone Tracy Memorial Window
Darwin artist George Chaloupka (1932-2011) was commissioned to design the Cyclone Tracy Memorial Window. The colours and black, curved lines represent “fishing nets and the upsurge of waves during a cyclone.” The Dalle de Verre window was done in commemoration of the fishermen who lost their lives when Cyclone Tracy struck and “was financed by a Gollin Kyokuyo Trust fund.” Gollin Kyokuyo “was a joint fishing venture operating out of Darwin at the time of Cyclone Tracy” and seven fishermen were killed. A plaque commemorating the fishermen is placed behind the porch of the original Church.
Post-Tracy Cathedral
The new Cathedral suffered continuous roof leaks. Considering the cathedral's significance to the city, the Northern Territory Government “granted $14,000 for repair of the roof” in 1988. Despite the repairs, the roof continued to leak. $30,000 was raised by the parish “to re-roof the building.” The leaks did not stop until 2011, when then Dean Jeremy Greaves engaged the Cathedral “in extensive fund-raising” which saw the Cathedral reroofed and large fans installed. Since then, there have been no leaks in the building.
List of deans
Source: Cathedral website
2020– : Rob Llewellyn
2013–2019: Keith Joseph (afterwards Bishop of North Queensland, 2019)
2007–2013: Jeremy Greaves (afterwards Assistant Bishop of Brisbane, Northern Region, 2017)
2003–2007: Michael Nixon
1998–2000: Dennis Vanderwolf
1992–1997: Michael Chiplin
1983–1992: Murray Johnson
1968–1983: Clyde Wood (afterwards Bishop of the Northern Territory, 1983)
List of bishops
References
External links
Diocese of the Northern Territory website
Gollin Kyokuyo Fishing Company Memorial
Northern Territory
1968 establishments in Australia
Religion in the Northern Territory
Anglican Church of Australia Ecclesiastical Province of Queensland
Hănăsenii Noi is a commune in Leova District, Moldova. It is composed of two villages, Hănăsenii Noi and Nicolaevca.
References
Communes of Leova District
Elly Is Cinderella is Seo In-Young's 2nd studio single album. It was released on July 23, 2008.
Track listing
신데렐라 (Cinderella)
I Like It ft. Crown J
Too Much (club Remix Version)
신데렐라 (Hip Hop Version) (Cinderella Hip Hop Version)
I Like It (feat. Crown J.) Instrumental
신데렐라 (Instrumental)
2008 albums
Dağarcık is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Christmas Harmony: Vision Factory Presents (stylized as CHRISTMAS HARMONY ～VISION FACTORY presents～) is a compilation album of composed of Christmas-themed songs by various Vision Factory artists. It was released shortly before the holiday season on November 21, 2007 as a 2-Disc bundle.
In December 2006, Vision Factory held a mobile contest titled "Christmas Songs You Choose", in which certain artists were chosen to take part in creating a Christmas album the following year.
The album charted at #89 on the Oricon Albums Charts.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Oricon Information
2007 compilation albums
Avex Group albums
Avex Group compilation albums
2007 Christmas albums
Lead (band) albums
Da Pump songs
W-inds songs
MAX (band) albums
The Rommel Papers is the collected writings by the German World War II field marshal Erwin Rommel published in 1953.
Background and publication
The book included Rommel's writings of the war, edited by the British journalist and historian B. H. Liddell Hart, the former Wehrmacht officer Fritz Bayerlein, who served on Rommel's staff in North Africa, and Rommel's widow and son. The volume contained an introduction and commentary by Liddell Hart.
Liddell Hart had a personal interest in the work: by having coaxed Rommel's widow to include material favourable to himself, he could present Rommel as his "pupil" when it came to mobile armoured warfare. Thus, Liddell Hart's "theory of indirect approach" became a precursor to the German blitzkrieg ("lightning war"). The controversy was described by the political scientist John Mearsheimer in his work The Weight of History, who concluded that, by "putting words in the mouths of German Generals and manipulating history", Liddell Hart was in a position to show that he had been at the root of the dramatic German successes in 1940.
Reception
The historian Mark Connelly argues that The Rommel Papers was one of the two foundational works that lead to a "Rommel renaissance" and "Anglophone rehabilitation", the other being Desmond Young's biography, Rommel: The Desert Fox. The book contributed to the perception of Rommel as a brilliant commander; in an introduction, Liddell Hart drew comparisons between Rommel and Lawrence of Arabia, "two masters of desert warfare."
Editions
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
World War II memoirs
1953 non-fiction books
German non-fiction books
Propaganda legends
Erwin Rommel
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Howard, both in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. One creation is extinct while the other is extant.
The Howard Baronetcy, of Bushey Park in the County Wicklow, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 26 July 1838 for Ralph Howard, Member of Parliament for County Wicklow. He was the son of the Hon. Hugh Howard, younger son of Ralph Howard, 1st Viscount Wicklow (see Earl of Wicklow for earlier history of the family). The title became extinct on his death in 1873.
The Howard Baronetcy, of Great Rissington in the County of Gloucester, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 1 December 1955 for Sir Seymour Howard, Lord Mayor of London in 1954. His eldest son, the second Baronet, was Lord Mayor of London in 1971. As of 2010 the title is held by the latter's eldest son, the third Baronet, who succeeded in 2001. He was Lord Mayor of London in 2000.
Howard baronets, of Bushey Park (1838)
Sir Ralph Howard, 1st Baronet (1801–1873)
Howard baronets, of Great Rissington (1955)
Sir (Harold Walter) Seymour Howard, 1st Baronet (1888–1967)
Sir Hamilton Edward de Coucey Howard, 2nd Baronet (1915–2001)
Sir David Howarth Seymour Howard, 3rd Baronet (born 1945)
See also
Earl of Wicklow
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Recipients of the Order of Independence (Jordan)
Buffalo Gap is an unincorporated community in Augusta County, Virginia, United States. Buffalo Gap is located approximately northwest of Staunton, Virginia.
History
Buffalo Gap experienced a boom when an iron furnace was built there by the Buffalo Gap Furnace Company. A town of about 70 houses, a railroad station, a post office, and several schools were built around the furnace in the coming years. In 1850, the Buffalo Gap Presbyterian Church was founded about a mile west of the church's current location.
The furnace was unsuccessful, leaving Buffalo Gap a ghost town. The town was taken over by the Buffalo Gap Development company, which aspired to make Buffalo Gap a thriving town again.
In 2004, the community was described as a "bedroom community" for nearby Staunton, where people could enjoy country life, but not have to travel far to get to a city.
As of 2004, the community had a population of "about 200 people".
References
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Augusta County, Virginia
Mountain passes of Virginia
Omar Wade (born 15 May 1990) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Saudi Arabian club Al-Shoulla.
Career
Born in Dakar, Wade trained with the academy of Diambars before signing professional with French club Lille. He made his senior debut for Lille during the 2010–11 season, and moved on loan to Turkish club Boluspor in January 2012. He had further loan spells at Mouscron-Péruwelz and Carquefou during the 2012–13 season. At the end of his Lille contract, he returned to Diambars, where he stayed for two seasons, before signing for SC Feignies in January 2015. He spends the 2015–16 season with JA Drancy, followed by two years in the United Arab Emirates with Al-Arabi.
In January 2019 he signed for Ain Sud Foot. In August 2019 he signed for Gueugnon in Championnat National 3, where he scored 15 goals in 11 appearances before leaving for Annecy in February 2020.
On 7 February 2022, Wade joined Saudi Arabian club Al-Shoulla.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Senegalese footballers
Diambars FC players
Lille OSC players
Boluspor footballers
Royal Excel Mouscron players
USJA Carquefou players
Entente Feignies Aulnoye FC players
JA Drancy players
Al-Arabi (UAE) players
Ain Sud players
FC Gueugnon players
FC Annecy players
Al-Shoulla FC players
Ligue 1 players
TFF First League players
Belgian First Division B players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
UAE First Division League players
Saudi First Division League players
Association football forwards
Senegalese expatriate footballers
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Karl Jarosch (born 25 August 1931) is an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1956.
References
External links
1931 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
This is a list of specific seasons of bushfires in Australia including some significant bushfire events from each season. Events are listed if they cause fatalities, destroy houses, or burn more than of land. Across Australia, seasonality of bushfires varies significantly; however, is generally aligned with the weather patterns in the south of the continent so that each season begins in June (the beginning of the Australian winter) and runs through the following May (the end of the Australian autumn). The worst season recorded is 1974-75, with burned, equivalent to 15 percent of Australia's physical land mass that equates to the entire area of France, Spain, and Portugal combined.
1800s
1897-98 Australian bushfire season:
Red Tuesday: 12 fatalities, 2000 buildings were destroyed, and were burnt in Victoria (DSE 2003b).
1850-51 Australian bushfire season:
Black Thursday bushfires: 12 fatalities, one million sheep and thousands of cattle were killed, and the fire burnt the second largest area (approximately ) in history (CFA 2003a; DSE 2003b).
1920s
1925-26 Australian bushfire season
1930s
1938-1939 Black Friday bushfires
1940s
1943-44 Australian bushfire season
1960s
1965 New South Wales bushfires. The Chatsbury-Bungonia bushfires destroyed much of the villages of Towrang, Tallong, Wingello, and Penrose, orchards, and livestock, affecting 250,000 hectares (620,000 acres). It broke out in the Southern Highlands and spread toward Nowra. Three people died.
1968-69 Australian bushfire season: NSW in 1968-69 over were burnt and three people were killed (Linacre & Hobbs 1977; RFS 2003a).
1966-67 Australian bushfire season: 62 fatalities, 900 injured, 7,000 left homeless, 4,286 buildings lost
The 1967 Tasmanian fires: 110 separate fire fronts burnt through of land in southern Tasmania. The destruction included 1,293 homes, around 62,000 farm animals, over 1,700 other buildings, 80 bridges, 4,800 sections of power lines, 1,500 motor vehicles and over 100 other structures.
1961 Western Australian bushfires The towns of Dwellingup and Karridale were basically destroyed, along with many small settlements that were not rebuilt. The Dwellingup fire migrated to the town of Pinjarra where it burned a significant number of buildings. From January to March of that year, about was burnt throughout the south-west, with a large loss of livestock.
1970s
1974-75 Australian bushfire season: approximately burned. The area burnt, , is equivalent to 15 percent of Australia's physical land mass that equates to the entire area of France, Spain, and Portugal combined.
1980s
1984-85 Australian bushfire season: NSW in 1984-85, were burnt, four lives were lost, 40,000 livestock were killed and $40m damage to property was caused (RFS 2003a).
1982-1983 Australian bushfire season: The Ash Wednesday fires of 16 February 1983 caused severe damage in Victoria and South Australia. In Victoria, were burnt, 2,080 houses destroyed, more than 27,000 stock lost and 47 people lost their lives (CFA 2003a; DSE 2003b, 2003d). Property-related damage was estimated at over $200m and more than 16,000 firefighters, 1,000 police and 500 defence personnel fought the fires in Victoria. In South Australia, were burnt, 383 houses were destroyed, 28 people were killed and property-related damage was estimated to be more than $200m (DSE 2003d).
1990s
1998–99 Australian bushfire season: 5 fatalities
Linton bushfire: 5 firefighters killed on 2 December near in Victoria
1997–98 Australian bushfire season: 4 fatalities and10 houses lost
4 fatalities and 10 houses lost on 20 November at in New South Wales
1996–97 Australian bushfire season: 3 fatalities and 44 houses lost
1 house destroyed in October near in Queensland.
3 fatalities and 43 houses lost on 19 January in the Dandenong Ranges and Mornington Peninsula.
1994–95 Australian bushfire season: 23 houses lost
23 houses lost from September to November in southeast Queensland.
1993–94 Australian bushfire season: 4 fatalities, 206 houses lost, burnt in NSW
1994 Eastern seaboard fires: 4 fatalities and 206 houses lost on the east coast of New South Wales
1992–93 Australian bushfire season: 4 houses lost
4 houses lost at in Queensland
1991–92 Australian bushfire season: 3 fatalities, 17 houses lost
2 fatalities and 14 houses lost on 16 October in western Sydney and the Central Coast in New South Wales
1 fatality and 3 houses lost at in Queensland
1990-91 Australian bushfire season: 4 fatalities, 25 houses lost
3 fatalities in Queensland
8 houses lost on 23 December across New South Wales
1 fatality and 17 houses lost on 27 December at
2000s
2009–10 Australian bushfire season: 2 fatalities, at least 57 houses lost
5 houses lost during November near Swansea and St Helens in Tasmania
A park ranger died in a helicopter crash on 9 December in the Dorrigo National Park in New South Wales
9 houses lost on 17 December at Gerogery, Tooma and Michelago in New South Wales
6 houses lost on 23 December at Port Lincoln in South Australia
37 houses lost on 29 December near Toodyay in Western Australia
A firefighter killed in a vehicle accident on 10 January near Tatong on the way to a fire near Mansfield in Victoria.
2008–09 Australian bushfire season: 173 fatalities, 2,060 houses lost
2 houses lost on 13 January at Port Lincoln in South Australia
31 houses lost from 30 January to 1 February at Yinnar, Boolarra and Mirboo North in Victoria
Black Saturday bushfires: 173 fatalities, 2,056 houses lost and burned on 7 February at numerous locations in Victoria
2007–08 Australian bushfire season: 5 fatalities, 1 house lost
3 truck drivers killed on 30 December at Boorabbin National Park in Western Australia
One house lost on 10 January in the Kangarilla and Echunga area of South Australia
2006–07 Australian bushfire season: 5 fatalities, 63 houses lost
7 houses lost on 24 September at Picton, Thirlmere and Oakdale in New South Wales
1 fatality, 33 houses lost, and burnt in the Great Divide fire complex from 1 December 2006 to 7 February 2007 across alpine Victoria
22 houses lost on 11–14 December at Scamander and Four Mile Creek in Tasmania
1 house lost on 12 December at Kalamunda in Western Australia
2005–06 Australian bushfire season: 3+ fatalities, 54 houses lost
Jail Break Inn Fire: 10 houses lost on 1 January near Junee in New South Wales
3 houses lost on 1 January near Gosford in New South Wales
Mount Lubra bushfire: 2 fatalities, 41 houses lost and burned from 19 January around the Grampians National Park in Victoria
2 fatalities and 16 houses lost from other fires during January in Victoria
2004–05 Australian bushfire season: 9 fatalities, 3 houses lost
Eyre Peninsula bushfire: 9 fatalities and 93 houses lost on 11 January on the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia
2002–03 Australian bushfire season: 7 fatalities and at least 549 houses lost
1 fatality and 10 houses lost from 16–29 October near Toowoomba in Queensland
10 houses lost on 9 October at Engadine in New South Wales
2002 Sydney: 41 homes were lost on 4 December 2002 at Glenorie, a suburb north of Sydney.
2003 Eastern Victorian alpine bushfires: 41 houses lost and burned from 8 January to 19 March in northeastern Victoria.
2003 Canberra bushfires: 4 fatalities and 488 houses lost on 18 January in western Canberra and nearby townships.
2001–02 Australian bushfire season: 110 houses lost
Black Christmas bushfires: 109 houses lost and burned from 24 December to 16 January at numerous locations in New South Wales.
1 house lost in March at Glenaroua in Victoria
2000–01 Australian bushfire season: 11 houses lost
11 houses lost from 1–9 February at Tulka in South Australia.
2010s
2018–19 Australian bushfire season: 35 houses lost, 1 fatality
2017–18 Australian bushfire season: 94 buildings lost
2016–17 Australian bushfire season: 46 houses lost
2015–16 Australian bushfire season: 9 fatalities, 408 houses lost
The most destructive bushfire season in terms of human life and property loss since the 2008–09 Australian bushfire season prior to the 2019-2020 bushfires. Insurance losses of around
At least burned
Loss of 408 houses and at least 500 non-residential buildings
8 deaths as a direct result of fire: 6 people died in Western Australia, 2 in South Australia. In New South Wales a volunteer firefighter died due to unrelated health complications while on duty.
2015 Esperance bushfires: 4 fatalities; 19 buildings destroyed
2015 Pinery bushfire: 2 fatalities; 470+ buildings destroyed
2016 Tasmanian bushfires: catastrophic impact on Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area lands
2014–15 Australian bushfire season: 1 fatality, 48 houses lost
burned over twelve days in September and threatened the town of Tom Price and the western portion of Karijini National Park in Western Australia
1 farmer killed and two firefighters injured on 1 November while fighting a fire about north of Adelaide at Nantawarra, South Australia. The fire burnt out about of grassland
2015 Sampson Flat bushfires, South Australia: 32 houses lost, 125 outbuildings
2013–14 Australian bushfire season: 3 fatalities, 335 buildings lost
2013 New South Wales bushfires: 2 fatalities, 208 houses lost bushland burnt including parts of the World Heritagelisted Greater Blue Mountains
1 fatality and 52 houses lost on 12–13 January in the Perth Hills around , and .
32 houses lost on 15–20 January around the northern Grampians in western Victoria
15 houses lost on 17–19 January in the Barossa Valley and Flinders Ranges in South Australia.
The Snowy River bushfire in Eastern Victoria in February 2014. The bushfire which lasted for 70 days grew to and was roughly the same size as Melbourne. Also burning were fires at Hazelwood coal mine and Kilmore
2012–13 Australian bushfire season: 4 fatalities, 314 buildings lost
7 houses lost on 11 November at Tulka near Port Lincoln, South Australia
Several properties lost from 8–10 December at Myora Springs, Stradbroke Island, Queensland
2013 Tasmanian bushfires: 1 fatality and 203 houses lost from 3–5 January in Dunally, Boomer Bay, Bicheno, Sommers Bay, and Copping
1 house lost on 9 January at in New South Wales
9 houses lost on 8 January at Snake Valley, Chepstowe and Carngham in Victoria
51 houses lost from 13–17 January from a fire in the Warrumbungle National Park west of Coonabarabran, New South Wales
1 fatality and 22 houses lost from 17–18 January in bushfires affecting Coongulla, Glenmaggie, Heyfield, Newry and Seaton in Victoria
2 firefighters killed by a falling tree on 13 February fighting a fire near Harrietville
1 fatality and 4 houses lost during February in fires affecting Esperance, Boddington and Bridgetown in Western Australia
16 houses lost on 27 March at Dereel in Victoria
1 house lost on 9 May near Cherryville in South Australia
2011–12 Australian bushfire season: 32 houses lost
32 houses lost on 23–26 November near Margaret River in Western Australia
2010–11 Australian bushfire season: 83 houses lost
10 houses lost on 10–12 January at Lake Clifton in Western Australia
2 houses lost on 1–3 February in Gippsland, Victoria
71 houses lost on 5–7 February near Roleystone and Kelmscott in Western Australia
2020s
2019–20 Australian bushfire season
At least 2,680 homes lost
33 deaths (including four firefighters and three US firefighters operating a Lockheed Martin C-130 Large Air Tanker that crashed in the Snowy Monaro Region of southern NSW)
At least 1.25 billion wild animals killed
At least burned
2020–21 Australian bushfire season
See also
Bushfires in Australia
List of major bushfires in Australia
List of natural disasters in Australia
Notes
References
External links
Australian Emergency Management Knowledge Hub
NSW Rural Fire Service: Brief History of Bush Fires in NSW
Victorian Country Fire Authority: Major Fires
South Australia Country Fire Service: Bushfire History
List
bushfire seasons
This is a list of players who played at least one game for the Quebec Nordiques of the National Hockey League (1979–80 to 1994–95). For a list of players who played for the Nordiques in the World Hockey Association, see List of Quebec Nordiques (WHA) players.
Key
The "Seasons" column lists the first year of the season of the player's first game and the last year of the season of the player's last game. For example, a player who played one game in the 2000–2001 season would be listed as playing with the team from 2000–2001, regardless of what calendar year the game occurred within.
Skaters
Goaltenders
See also
List of NHL players
References
NHL Quebec Nordiques on hockeydb.com
Quebec Nordiques
players
Joseph Kamwendo (born 23 October 1986) is a retired Malawian international footballer. He is now coaching Walter Nyamilandu Football Academy.
Career
Kamwendo was the first foreigner to be bestowed the Soccer Star of the Year in Zimbabwe. In 2005, he received the award as a player of CAPS United.
In November 2013, he joined TP Mazembe on a five-year deal.
On 23 December 2019, 33-year old Kamwendo announced his retirement from football.
External links
See also
List of men's footballers with 100 or more international caps
References
1986 births
Living people
People from Blantyre
Malawian footballers
Malawian expatriate footballers
Malawi international footballers
2010 Africa Cup of Nations players
FC Nordsjælland players
Orlando Pirates F.C. players
TP Mazembe players
Mighty Wanderers FC players
CAPS United players
Vasco da Gama (South Africa) players
Liga Desportiva de Maputo players
CS Don Bosco players
National First Division players
South African Premier Division players
Danish Superliga players
Association football midfielders
FIFA Century Club
Malawian expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Malawian expatriate sportspeople in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Malawian expatriate sportspeople in Mozambique
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Zimbabwe
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Expatriate footballers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Yingtan () is a prefecture-level city in the east of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China, bordering Fujian to the southeast. Its location near the trisection of Jiangxi, Fujian, and Zhejiang has made it a strategically important city for centuries. Today, it continues to be a major rail transport hub. It is best known as the Capital of Copper, and here placed Jiangxi Copper and its smelting factory.
Near the city of Yingtan is the resort area Mount Longhu which purports to be the birthplace of Taoism and hence has great symbolic value to Taoists. The region has many interesting temples, cave complexes, mountains and villages.
Administration
The municipal executive, legislature and judiciary are in Yuehu District (), together with the CPC and Public Security bureaux.
Yingtan oversees two districts and a county-level city:
Yuehu District ()
Yujiang District ()
Guixi City ()
Tourism Zone
Longhu Mountain Scenic Area ()
Climate
Notes and references
External links
Official Yingtan city website
Cities in Jiangxi
Prefecture-level divisions of Jiangxi
Frank R. Strong was the eleventh Dean of the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law.
Education
Strong earned his bachelor's degree from Yale University in 1929. He then received his J.D. degree from the Yale Law School in 1934.
Legal career
Strong entered academia as a professor of law at the University of Iowa College of Law from 1934 to 1937. He then moved to the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law from 1937 to 1965, where he served as the eleventh Dean of the Moritz College of Law from 1952 to 1965. The Moritz College of Law's annual Judges' Day is named the Frank R. Strong Forum in honor of Strong. In 1965, he moved to University of North Carolina School of Law, where he spent the rest of his career.
Scholarly work
Strong focused his scholarly work on constitutional law.
References
External links
Yale Law School alumni
University of Iowa College of Law faculty
Moritz College of Law faculty
Deans of law schools in the United States
2001 deaths
American legal scholars
Lăpușna County may refer to:
Lăpușna County (Moldova)
Lăpușna County (Romania)
The Maryland Terrapins women's basketball team represents the University of Maryland in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I competition. Maryland, a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), left the ACC in 2014 to join the Big Ten Conference. The program won the 2006 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament championship and has appeared in the NCAA Final Four five times (1982, 1989, 2006, 2014, 2015); Maryland also appeared once in the AIAW Final Four (1978). As members of the ACC, the Terrapins won regular season conference championships (1979, 1982, 1988, 1989, 2009) and an ACC-record ten conference tournament championships (1978, 1979, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 2009, 2012). The program won the Big Ten Conference regular season and tournament championships in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2020, and 2021.
Since 2002, the team has been led by head coach Brenda Frese. Over her 20 season tenure, she has led the Terrapins to 17 NCAA tournament appearances, ten NCAA Sweet Sixteens, six NCAA Elite Eight, three NCAA Final Fours, and the 2006 NCAA National Championship.
History
Women's basketball was first organized to play on campus in 1923. The early teams participated solely in intracollegiate competition, with classes or sororities competing against each other for a trophy. The team was officially recognized as a varsity sport in 1971, and was led by coach Dottie McKnight during its first four seasons. The Terps were successful from the start, winning their first state championship in the 1972–73 season. They went on to win ten ACC championships and one NCAA title.
On January 26, 1975, the Terps played host to Immaculata in the first nationally televised women's college basketball game. The game took place in Cole Field House. Some sources report that Immaculata won 80–48, while others report 85–63. On March 9, 2019, Maryland won its 1000th game, becoming the 14th (unsure, based on 2017 data) team to win 1000 games. It did so at home against Michigan in the Big Ten Semifinals, which it won by a score of 73-72.
The team has been led by three head coaches: Dottie McKnight (1971–1975), Chris Weller (1975–2002), and Brenda Frese (2002–present). Although McKnight only coached four seasons of Terps basketball, she quickly led her new team to success. She left with a record of 44–17 (.721). Weller, a University of Maryland alumna ('66) and former Terps player, took over the head coaching position in 1975. She led the Terps to numerous national championship appearances and a total of eight ACC championship titles. When she retired, Weller left with a 499–286 record (.636). At the end of the 2018–19 season, current coach Brenda Frese has a record of 458–124 (.787). She has also led her team to a national championship title, eight national championship appearances, and two conference championship titles. Frese is known for her recruiting skills, with Shay Doron being credited as her first major recruit.
Notable players
Many Terps have gone on to national prominence, appearing in the Olympics and playing in professional leagues.
Vicky Bullett, Olympian in 1988 and 1992; played in Italy for Bari (1990–93) and Cesena (1993–97), in Brazil for the Data Control/Fluminense professional team, and for the WNBA's Charlotte Sting (1997–1999) and Washington Mystics (2000–02)
Sonia Chase, played for the WNBA's Charlotte Sting (1998–99)
Marissa Coleman, played for the WNBA's Washington Mystics (2009–11), Los Angeles Sparks (2012–2013) and Indiana Fever (2014–present)
Katrina Colleton, played for the WNBA's Los Angeles Sparks (1997–1998) and Miami SOL (2000–2001)
Shay Doron, played for the WNBA's New York Liberty (2007–2008), the Romanian League's Municipal MCM Târgovişte (2010), and the Israeli leagues' Elitzur Ramla (2007–08, 2010–present)
Kelley Gibson, played for the WNBA's Houston Comets (2000–03)
Lea Hakala, Olympian in 1984 (Finnish team)
Laura Harper, played for the WNBA's Sacramento Monarchs (2008–09)
Tianna Hawkins, played for the WNBA's Seattle Storm (2013) and Washington Mystics (2014–present)
Tara Heiss, Olympian in 1980
Jessie Hicks, played for the WNBA's Utah Starzz (1997–98), Orlando Miracle (2000–02), Connecticut Sun (2003), and San Antonio Silver Stars (2004)
Kris Kirchner, Olympian in 1980
Crystal Langhorne, played for the WNBA's Washington Mystics (2008–2013) and Seattle Storm 2014–present
Limor Mizrachi, played for the ABL's New England Blizzard (1998)
Jasmina Perazić, Olympian in 1984 (Yugoslavian team); played for the WNBA's New York Liberty (1997)
Deanna Tate, played for the ABL's New England Blizzard (1997–1998) and the Chicago Condors (1998)
Alyssa Thomas, played for the WNBA's Connecticut Sun (2014–present)
Kristi Toliver, played for the WNBA's Chicago Sky (2009), Los Angeles Sparks (2010–2016) and Washington Mystics (2017-present)
2007–08 season
Head coach Brenda Frese announced during the pre-season that she was pregnant. Because of this, she was unable to coach from the sidelines for most of the regular season. Newcomer assistant coach Daron Park would take on the role of acting head coach. With the coaching changes, the Terps improved to a 30–3 record, and ranked 5 and 6 in the AP and Coaches polls respectively. Key returning players include Marissa Coleman, Laura Harper, Crystal Langhorne, and Kristi Toliver, all of whom were on the 2006 NCAA Championship team. With the loss of Shay Doron, whose #22 jersey was honored this season, Frese brought in 5 recruits. Two weeks after giving birth to twin boys, Frese returned to the sidelines during the ACC women's basketball tournament. Maryland eventually lost to Duke in the semifinals.
Coaching staff
Year by year results
|-style="background: #ffffdd;"
| colspan="8" align="center" | Atlantic Coast Conference
|-style="background: #ffffdd;"
| colspan="8" align="center" | Big Ten Conference
Postseason results
NCAA Division I
AIAW Division I
The Terrapins made four appearances in the AIAW National Division I basketball tournament, with a combined record of 13–1.
See also
University of Maryland, College Park
Maryland Terrapins
Big Ten Conference
Xfinity Center
Cole Field House
2006 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament
External links
Maryland Talk Show – Women's Basketball
References
The Indian Institute of Management Amritsar (IIM Amritsar) is a Public Business School and an Institute of National Importance located in Amritsar, Punjab, India established by Ministry of Human Resource Development in 2015. It is one of the young members of the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) Umbrella established in 2015. The institute was inaugurated by Surjit Singh Rakhra, the then Minister of Higher Education and Languages, Punjab on 6 August 2015.
Campus
IIM Amritsar is temporarily located within the campus of Government Polytechnic College, Amritsar till it moves to its own eco-friendly campus of approximately 60 acres, which is under construction at Manawala on Amritsar-Jalandhar GT Road, in about 3 years time.
Student Accommodation
The hostel is located at Blessing City, near Guru Ram Das Ji International Airport Amritsar. Students are provided with 3/4 BHK flats with single as well as twin sharing rooms. All basic amenities like WiFi, Geyser, Washing Machine, etc. is provided for each blocks of flats. In addition to these, a recreation room, gymnasium, and a TV room are available in the hostel complex.
Logo
The geometry and colors in the logo of IIM Amritsar hold specific meanings. According to the institute, the logo is inspired from the "Flower of Life" design located in the Golden Temple, and is modified to pentagonal geometry representing Punjab. While the blue and green elements represent rivers of Punjab and prosperity earned by the hard-working farmers, the five-edged star in the center represents the command over five human senses.
Governance
IIM Amritsar is currently headed by Prof. Nagarajan Ramamoorthy. He is ably assisted by various chairpersons to domains such as Students' Affairs, Placements, MBA Program, Executive Education, etc.
See also
Guru Nanak Dev University
List of institutions of higher education in Punjab
References
External links
Official website
Amritsar
Business schools in Punjab, India
Education in Amritsar
Educational institutions established in 2015
2015 establishments in Punjab, India
The House of Atreus Act I, released in 1999, is the ninth studio album by the American heavy metal band Virgin Steele. It has the subtitle A Barbaric-Romantic Opera. This album is the first part of a metal opera inspired by the Oresteia, a trilogy of Greek tragedies written by Aeschylus which concerns the end of the curse on the House of Atreus. The music was intended to be the soundtrack for theatrical shows, with actors impersonating the characters of the tragedy. The metal opera was actually performed under the name "Klytaimnestra - The House Of Atreus" in European theatres from 1999 to 2001, with the production of the Memmingen Opera House company and Landestheater Production.
The song "The Fire God" first appears on the 1986 Piledriver LP Stay Ugly.
Track listing
All songs by David DeFeis except tracks 5, 7, 8, 15 and 18 by DeFeis / Ed Pursino
Personnel
Band members
David DeFeis - all vocals, keyboards, orchestration, effects, producer
Edward Pursino - acoustic and electric guitars, bass
Frank Gilchriest - drums
Production
Steve Young, Ed Warrin - engineers
Michael Sarsfield - mastering
References
1999 albums
Virgin Steele albums
Rock operas
Noise Records albums
Works based on Agamemnon (Aeschylus play)
Cambridge Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located two miles (3 km) southwest of the central business district of Cambridge, a city in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned CBG by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned CBG to Cambridge Airport in Cambridge, England, United Kingdom).
Facilities and aircraft
Cambridge Municipal Airport covers an area of and has one runway designated 16/34 with a 4,000 x 75 ft (1,219 x 23 m) asphalt surface. For the 12-month period ending May 30, 2006, the airport had 16,850 aircraft operations, an average of 46 per day: 99% general aviation and 1% military. At that time there were 47 aircraft based at this airport: 94% single-engine, 2% multi-engine and 4% helicopter.
References
External links
Cambridge Municipal Airport at City of Cambridge web site
at Minnesota DOT airport directory
Airports in Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Isanti County, Minnesota
Transportation in Isanti County, Minnesota
Cambridge, Minnesota
Dolichopus is a large cosmopolitan genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae. Adults are small flies, typically less than 8 mm in length. Nearly all species are metallic greenish-blue to greenish-bronze. It is the largest genus of Dolichopodidae with more than 600 species worldwide.
The name of the genus (δολιχός, long, and ποὺς, foot) refers to the length of the feet of its species.
Gallery
Species groups and subgenera
The following species groups exist in Dolichopus:
Dolichopus latipennis species group (= Hygroceleuthus Loew, 1857)
Dolichopus lonchophorus species group
Dolichopus longisetus species group
Dolichopus planitarsis species group (8 species) – Palaearctic
Dolichopus plumipes species group (11 species) – Palaearctic
Dolichopus sagittarius species group
Dolichopus salictorum species group
Dolichopus signifer species group
Dolichopus sublimbatus species group (4 species)
Dolichopus tewoensis species group (3 species) – China
Sometimes the following are considered subgenera of Dolichopus:
Dolichopus Latreille, 1796
Hygroceleuthus Loew, 1857 (= Dolichopus latipennis species group)
Macrodolichopus Stackelberg, 1933
See also
List of Dolichopus species
References
Dolichopodidae genera
Dolichopodinae
Articles containing video clips
Taxa named by Pierre André Latreille
The Mtubatuba Local Municipality council consists of forty-five members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Twenty-three councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in twenty-three wards, while the remaining twenty-two are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
In the election of 1 November 2021 no party obtained a majority. The Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) received the most seats with nineteen.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
August 2016 to November 2021 by-elections
In a by-election held on 23 May 2018, a ward previously held by an ANC councillor was won by the IFP candidate. In another by-election held on 12 December 2018, ANC was able to win a ward previously held by the IFP. IFP won a second ward previously held by ANC in another by-election on 12 June 2019. Ward council composition after the three by-elections is as seen below.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Mtubatuba
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
The 2010–2011 season was Sarajevo's 65th season in existence, and their 11th consecutive season in the top flight of Bosnian football, the Premier League of BiH. Besides competing in the Premier League, the team competed in the National Cup. The season covers the period from 25 June 2010 to 24 June 2011.
Players
Squad
(Captain)
(Captain)
Statistics
Kit
Competitions
Premier League
League table
Matches
References
FK Sarajevo seasons
Sarajevo
The Bigge Valley Railway () is a 24-kilometre-long, single-tracked branch line from Finnentrop station via Attendorn and Olpe to Freudenberg in western Germany. It is non-electrified and the section of line from Olpe to Freudenberg is now closed. The section between Olpe and Finnentrop is regularly worked by local railway passenger services (SPNV). The line runs from Finnentrop to Wenden in the valley of the River Bigge.
From Finnentrop to Olpe the Bigge Valley Railway is operated as Route no. 442.
See also
History of rail transport in Germany
External links
[strecken/2864.htm Description of route 2864] in the NRWbahnarchiv by André Joost
Photos of the tunnel portals and map showing the closed and new sections
Photo comparison of Freudenberg station now and then at DSO, accessed on 5 February 2010
Railway lines in North Rhine-Westphalia
Olpe (district)
In mathematics, specifically algebraic topology, there is a resolution analogous to free resolutions of spectra yielding a tool for constructing the Adams spectral sequence. Essentially, the idea is to take a connective spectrum of finite type and iteratively resolve with other spectra that are in the homotopy kernel of a map resolving the cohomology classes in using Eilenberg–MacLane spectra.
This construction can be generalized using a spectrum , such as the Brown–Peterson spectrum , or the complex cobordism spectrum , and is used in the construction of the Adams–Novikov spectral sequencepg 49.
Construction
The mod Adams resolution for a spectrum is a certain "chain-complex" of spectra induced from recursively looking at the fibers of maps into generalized Eilenberg–Maclane spectra giving generators for the cohomology of resolved spectrapg 43. By this, we start by considering the mapwhere is an Eilenberg–Maclane spectrum representing the generators of , so it is of the formwhere indexes a basis of , and the map comes from the properties of Eilenberg–Maclane spectra. Then, we can take the homotopy fiber of this map (which acts as a homotopy kernel) to get a space . Note, we now set and . Then, we can form a commutative diagramwhere the horizontal map is the fiber map. Recursively iterating through this construction yields a commutative diagramgiving the collection . This meansis the homotopy fiber of and comes from the universal properties of the homotopy fiber.
Resolution of cohomology of a spectrum
Now, we can use the Adams resolution to construct a free -resolution of the cohomology of a spectrum . From the Adams resolution, there are short exact sequenceswhich can be strung together to form a long exact sequencegiving a free resolution of as an -module.
E*-Adams resolution
Because there are technical difficulties with studying the cohomology ring in generalpg 280, we restrict to the case of considering the homology coalgebra (of co-operations). Note for the case , is the dual Steenrod algebra. Since is an -comodule, we can form the bigraded groupwhich contains the -page of the Adams–Novikov spectral sequence for satisfying a list of technical conditionspg 50. To get this page, we must construct the -Adams resolutionpg 49, which is somewhat analogous to the cohomological resolution above. We say a diagram of the formwhere the vertical arrows is an -Adams resolution if
is the homotopy fiber of
is a retract of , hence is a monomorphism. By retract, we mean there is a map such that
is a retract of
if , otherwise it is
Although this seems like a long laundry list of properties, they are very important in the construction of the spectral sequence. In addition, to retract properties affect the structure of construction of the -Adams resolution since we no longer need to take a wedge sum of spectra for every generator.
Construction for ring spectra
The construction of the -Adams resolution is rather simple to state in comparison to the previous resolution for any associative, commutative, connective ring spectrum satisfying some additional hypotheses. These include being flat over , on being an isomorphism, and with being finitely generated for which the unique ring mapextends maximally.
If we setand letbe the canonical map, we can setNote that is a retract of from its ring spectrum structure, hence is a retract of , and similarly, is a retract of . In additionwhich gives the desired terms from the flatness
Relation to cobar complex
It turns out the -term of the associated Adams–Novikov spectral sequence is then cobar complex .
References
See also
Adams spectral sequence
Adams–Novikov spectral sequence
Eilenberg–Maclane spectrum
Hopf algebroid
Algebraic topology
Homological algebra
Topology
Ioannis Andreas Kargas (, ; died on 2 October 1617) was a Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Syros and Milos from 1607 to 1617. During the invasion of the Turks in 1617, under the leadership of the Kapudan Pasha Çelebi Ali, Kargas was captured and hanged. His name has been given to the street that leads to the stairs of Ano Syros.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bcargaga.html
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Greece
Executed Greek people
1617 deaths
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
People from Syros
Year of birth unknown
The 31st Seoul Music Awards (), was a award ceremony held on January 23, 2022. It was organized by Sports Seoul and broadcast through KBS Joy, U+Idol Live, U+Mobile TV, and Hello Live. The ceremony was hosted by Kim Sung-joo, Boom, and Kim Seol-hyun.
Criteria
All songs and albums that are eligible to be nominated must be released from January to December 2021.
Winners and nominees
Winners and nominees are listed in alphabetical order. Winners will be listed first and emphasized in bold.
The list of nominees for:
U+Idol Live Best Artist Award were announced on December 6, 2021, through the Idol Live TV website.
remaining categories were announced on December 4, 2021, through the official website.
The voting for:
U+ Live Best Artist Award opened on Idol Live TV website on December 6, 2021, and closed on December 26, 2021.
remaining categories opened on Seoul Music Awards mobile application on December 6, 2021, and closed on January 16, 2022.
Main awards
Genre-based awards
Other awards
Multiple awards
The following artist(s) received three or more awards:
Presenters
The list of presenters was announced on January 18, 2022.
Performers
Broadcast
References
External links
(in English & Korean)
2022 in South Korean music
2022 music awards
The Philippine Student Alliance Lay Movement Inc. (Abbreviated P.S.A.L.M) is an organized para-church ministry incorporated under the Christian and Missionary Alliance Churches of the Philippines, Inc. It is an interdenominational campus ministry that provides evangelistic programs and enhances leadership skills among young people.
History
PSALM began as College Youth Center (CYC), founded by Dr. Joseph Arthur on August 8, 1969 in Zamboanga City, Philippines.
Later on February 22, 1977, the ministry became a movement and was incorporated under the name Philippine Student Alliance Lay Movement, Inc. (PSALM).
As of 2009, PSALM has 21 recognized districts all over the Philippines.
See also
Alliance Youth Philippines
CAMACOP
External links
http://psalm.org.ph/ Official Website]
Evangelicalism in the Philippines
Youth organizations based in the Philippines
Christian and Missionary Alliance
Student organizations established in 1969
Religious organizations based in the Philippines
Almeley railway station was a railway station on the line from Kington to Eardisley in the English county of Herefordshire.
History
Opened on the Kington and Eardisley Railway, operated from the outset by the Great Western Railway, the station closed during the Second World War.
The site today
The station building, which was used for many years as cattle shed, has recently been converted into a dwellinghouse. The platform still exists.
References
Butt, R.V.J. (1995). The Directory of Railway Stations. Sparkford: Patrick Stephens Limited. .
Kington to Eardisley Line
Further reading
External links
Disused railway stations in Herefordshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1874
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1917
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1922
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1940
1874 establishments in England
1940 disestablishments in England
State Road 438 (SR 438) is an east–west state highway in Orange County, Florida. Its western terminus is an interchange with State Road 429 (Western Beltway) in Ocoee and it runs east to the Rio Grande Avenue in Orlando. The road formerly extended further west to CR 455 near Montverde and further east to U.S. Route 17 (US 17) and US 92 in Orlando, for a historic total mileage of . The current route is truncated to .
A segment of the road in Ocoee is also officially designated State Road 437 (SR 437). A former segment of this state road is now designated County Road 437 (CR 437).
Route description
SR 438 officially begins in Winter Garden at an interchange with SR 429 (Western Expressway). The road formerly continued west, but this is not signed and the mileage has been removed from FDOT databases.
At Ocoee Apopka Road and HM Bowness Road, it supports the former northern terminus of SR 439 and the southern terminus SR 437. SR 438 runs concurrent with SR 437 for one block. Then at Silver Star Road, SR 437 ends (with CR 437 continuing north) and SR 438 turns to the east along Silver Star Road. It goes around Starke Lake. Leaving Ocoee, it next enters unincorporated Pine Hills. SR 438 is now six lanes wide. It started to widen east of Clarke Road. At the easternmost point of Pine Hills, it forms a fork at SR 416. SR 438 becomes Princeton Street and took away a lane in each direction. East of Mercy Drive, SR 438 enters Orlando. The next traffic light forms the intersection of John Young Parkway, with the elevation dropping below . Widening to six lanes again, it meets US 441, as it nears Interstate 4 (I-4). After splitting into a one-way pair along Princeton Avenue (eastbound) and Smith Street (westbound). The road's official eastern terminus is just west of the Rio Grande Avenue.
The road becomes a one-way pair as it enters a historic district. Before Interstate 4, it intersects SR 424, a four lane alternate route of US 441. SR 438 is now four lanes wide and meets Interstate 4 as a diamond interchange. As it approaches the Orlando Science Center, it meets SR 527. SR 438 makes three bends to get to its eastern terminus, US 92/US 17 in Orlando.
Major intersections
References
External links
438
438
438
The Perth Group is a group of HIV/AIDS denialists based in Perth, Western Australia who claim, in opposition to the scientific consensus, that the existence of HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) is not proven, and that AIDS and all the "HIV" phenomena are caused by changes in cellular redox due to the oxidative nature of substances and exposures common to all the AIDS risk groups, and are caused by the cell conditions used in the "culture" and "isolation" of "HIV".
The group's activism has negatively affected the epidemic of HIV/AIDS in South Africa due to their influence on the AIDS policies of South African President Thabo Mbeki. The resulting governmental refusal to provide effective anti-HIV treatment in South Africa has been blamed for hundreds of thousands of premature AIDS-related deaths in South Africa.
In 2007 the testimony of several group members was thrown out of court during the trial of an HIV-positive man charged with reckless transmission of HIV. Robert Gallo has stated that he was amazed at the Perth Group's "mass ignorance coupled with the grandiosity of selling themselves as experts".
Membership
While overall membership has changed, the core members of the group are biophysicist Eleni Papadopulos-Eleopulos (deceased), emergency physician Valendar F. Turner and pathologist John Papadimitriou. The group was founded in 1981. Members of the group work at Royal Perth Hospital, though the relationship is disputed. Papadopulos-Eleopulos was described as a technician at the hospital, while Turner and Papadimitriou are faculty members. The hospital has declaimed any relationship to the Group's beliefs, and made a point of stating Papadopulos-Eleopulos did not work with AIDS patients or conduct any research on HIV.
Claims
The group's primary claim is that the existence of HIV (the human immunodeficiency virus) is not proven. A number of other claims follow from this one. The group acknowledges that AIDS exists, but denies that it is caused by HIV infection, producing a list of ten positions that attempts to criticize the established science that HIV causes AIDS. Instead, the group attributes AIDS deaths to on oxidative damage caused by factors unrelated to viral infection, such as drug use, homosexual activity between men (primarily exposure to semen), poverty and the medications used to treat AIDS. The group also denies that the causative agent of AIDS is transmitted through heterosexual sexual activity.
Sociologist Seth Kalichman, author of a book on AIDS denialism, described the group's claims as confusing and inconsistent, using complicated explanations and rhetorical techniques to "sound scientific" in their incorrect assertions regarding HIV/AIDS research. Kalichman notes that although oxidation does affect the immune system, none of the processes claimed by the Perth Group cause AIDS, whose cause has been definitively identified as HIV infection. Writing in the Skeptical Inquirer, professor of economics and the director of the AIDS and Society Research Unit at the University of Cape Town Nicoli Nattrass suggested that their beliefs may in part be due to misunderstanding of the science involved.
As the group denies that the human immunodeficiency virus itself exists, the denialist magazine Continuum offered a £1,000 reward for anybody who can produce evidence for its existence. Peter Duesberg, an AIDS denialist who claims HIV exists but is harmless, provided evidence of the existence of HIV and claimed the reward, but the magazine did not provide the money because the Perth Group challenged his claim.
Influence
Parenzee trial
Members of the Perth Group attempted to testify at the trial of Andre Chad Parenzee, an Australian man charged with endangering human life after having unprotected sex with three women despite knowing he was HIV-positive, but the supreme court judge threw out their claims as "implausible." Robert Gallo, co-discoverer of HIV, testified at the trial and noted that Turner, who had also testified, had incorrectly claimed HIV was identified through the activity of reverse transcription when in fact it was identified through the presence of the reverse transcriptase enzyme, stating that '"only a fool" would mistake the two'. Gallo pointed out during the trial that Turner lacked any credibility to testify during the trial regarding HIV infection as he lacked any qualifications as a virologist and conducted no research in the field. Gallo later stated in an e-mail that he was amazed at the Perth Group's "mass ignorance coupled with the grandiosity of selling themselves as experts". Australian Research biologist Gustav Nossal, along with several other Australian scientists, gave evidence during the trial and described the group as '"a very considerable embarrassment" to Australian science'.
South African HIV/AIDS policy
The Perth Group's claims have also been cited in controversies about HIV/AIDS in South Africa, and were influential in the positions held by South African President Thabo Mbeki regarding HIV/AIDS in the country. Papadopulos-Eleopulos and Turner were panelists in the Presidential AIDS Advisory Panel established by Mbeki. The resulting governmental refusal to provide effective anti-HIV treatment in South Africa has been blamed for hundreds of thousands of premature AIDS-related deaths in South Africa.
Footnotes
References
External links
Website
HIV/AIDS denialism
HIV/AIDS in Australia
Work in Progress is a nonfiction book by American business executive and author Michael Eisner. It documents the former Walt Disney Company CEO's lengthy career at various entertainment companies, his childhood and formative years, his life's relationships, and advice he passes on to readers.
References
1999 non-fiction books
American memoirs
Hyperion Books books
Michael Eisner
A Kee Klamp is a structural pipe fitting commonly used in the construction of handrails and barriers. Fabricated installations comprise the fittings and separate tubing components, which can be sized on site.
The system was devised in 1934 and is made by a subsidiary of KIG Holdings. The fittings are mostly supplied to third parties for sale to fabricators, with a small proportion of sales being made internally to specialist divisions of the company.
History
The system was developed in 1934 by George H. Gascoigne and his colleagues in Reading, England for making cows' milking stalls. It was advertised to industrial chemists in 1944, marketed in the UK in the 1950s as a cattle control system, and used for storage systems in factories in the 1960s. By 1980 it was available in Canada, as noted by the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.
Components
The system comprises unthreaded cast iron or aluminium structural tubing and slip-on structural pipe fittings. The galvanized malleable fittings provide resistance to corrosion and are secured to the tubes using set screws by use of a hex key.
Some cutting or bending of the tubes may be required while installing the system, according to site-specific circumstances. Skilled labourers such as welders are not required, but the material costs are higher for the Kee Klamp system. A contractor at the Long Island Rail Road described the system in 2007 as being "very simple to install".
Usage
Example uses of various derived systems are in guard rails and market stalls. More unusual uses have been seen in home shelving, kite buggying and the Rover chair. Parkour and Ninja Warrior training facilities have also benefited from the reliable and quick to set up Structural Pipe Fittings.
In 2003, the company and a former competitor stated that such fittings were not being used in some countries in Europe, in favour of welding. This was due to lower labour costs. For uncomplicated installations, welding may be a cheaper solution than Kee Klamp, depending upon usage.
Market dominance
In 2003, the system dominated the UK and EU markets, with a share of . (The fittings market was worth in the UK in 2003.) The premium branding the product is said to hold is due to KIG offering incremental services. Some customers inherently prefer using such fittings, while others prefer welding. The choice of system is often made during initial design of an installation.
The system is marketed for specific uses under various names, including a low-cost brand called Tubeclamp. Specialist divisions of the company exist which fabricate finished structures, although such internal sales of the fittings constitute only a fraction of total fittings sales.
Between 1998 and 2003, volumes of Kee Klamp sales increased. The value of total annual sales remained static throughout this period, associated with an overall price reduction of . During this period, the price reduction of a complete system including the tube components was .
A business acquisition by KIG of competitor FastMat (a subsidiary of Access Technologies) in 2003 led to a report being filed with the UK's Secretary of State for Trade and Industry under the Fair Trading Act 1973. The report concluded that the merger should not be referred to the Competition Commission due to the relatively inexpensive cost of entry to the market by others. Most suppliers of competing products to the UK import their fittings from low-cost Far East contract manufacturers.
References
External links
Structural engineering
Engineering companies of the United Kingdom
Massimo Minetti (born 11 April 1978) is an Italian footballer. Minetti played over 100 games at Serie C1.
External links
http://www.tuttocalciatori.net/MINETTI_MASSIMO
Italian footballers
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
S.S. Fidelis Andria 1928 players
A.C.D. Treviso players
Pisa S.C. players
Genoa C.F.C. players
A.C.R. Messina players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Como 1907 players
Serie A players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Genoa
1976 births
Living people
S.S.D. Sanremese Calcio players
S.E.F. Torres 1903 players
Albury Wodonga Bandits is a NBL1 East club based in Albury, New South Wales. The club fields a team in both the Men's and Women's NBL1 East. The club is a division of the overarching Border Basketball Club, the major administrative basketball organisation in the Albury–Wodonga region. The Bandits play their home games at the Lauren Jackson Sports Centre. For sponsorship reasons, the two teams are known as the Southern Vale Homes Bandits.
Club history
Men's team
In 1984, a team known as the Wodonga Border Bulldogs entered the South Eastern Basketball League (SEBL). Based out of the Victorian city of Wodonga, the Bulldogs' home venue was the Wodonga Sports and Leisure Centre. The Wodonga stadium was the original home court in 1984 before the venue split games with the newly constructed Albury Sports Stadium the following year. The Bulldogs' final game they hosted at the Wodonga Sports and Leisure Centre was on 25 August 1985 before changing their name to the Albury Wodonga Bandits in 1986 and re-locating to nearby Albury.
Not a lot of success came for the Bandits over their first 17 seasons in the SEBL/SEABL/CBA/ABA. That changed in 2001 when coach Leigh Gooding and players Allen McCowan, Matt Sheehan, Russell Hinder, Nick Grylewicz and Nick Payne helped lead the Bandits to championship success in the ABA's East Conference.
The Bandits next tasted success in 2012 when they not only won the SEABL's South Conference title, but took home the SEABL National Championship after defeating the East Conference champion Dandenong Rangers in the grand final.
In 2015, the Bandits returned to the SEABL Grand Final after winning the East Conference Championship, but couldn't claim National Championship honours after losing to the Mount Gambier Pioneers.
Women's team
In 2006, an Albury Wodonga Bandits women's team entered the SEABL. After missing the playoffs in each of their first three seasons, the Lady Bandits qualified for the post-season for the first time in 2009 behind coach Kennedy Kereama and star import duo Lisa Wallbutton and Toni Edmondson. Heading into the 2014 season, the Lady Bandits had a 39–153 win–loss record.
In 2019, following the demise of the SEABL, the Bandits joined the NBL1 South. For the 2022 season, the Bandits joined the NBL1 East.
References
External links
Official website
South East Australian Basketball League teams
Sport in Albury, New South Wales
1984 establishments in Australia
Basketball teams established in 1984
Basketball teams in New South Wales
Ivan Lendl was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Michael Stich won the title, defeating Petr Korda 6–2, 2–6, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Michael Stich (champion)
Andrei Medvedev (first round)
Cédric Pioline (second round)
Magnus Gustafsson (quarterfinals)
Petr Korda (final)
Marc Rosset (second round)
Arnaud Boetsch (first round)
Wayne Ferreira (quarterfinals)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Singles draw
Singles
True History of the Kelly Gang is a novel by Australian writer Peter Carey, based loosely on the history of the Kelly Gang. It was first published in Brisbane by the University of Queensland Press in 2000. It won the 2001 Booker Prize and the Commonwealth Writers Prize in the same year. Despite its title, the book is fiction and a variation on the Ned Kelly story.
Plot summary
Ned Kelly begins his autobiography with a description of his father, John "Red" Kelly, an Irishman transported to Van Diemen's Land and eventually settling in the colony of Victoria, Australia. After marrying Ned's mother Ellen (née Quinn), the Kellys settle in Avenel, a rural area northeast of Melbourne. Red Kelly is shown to have numerous brushes with the colonial police forces, resulting in his imprisonment and death when his son Ned was twelve years of age.
After the rest of the family resettles in northeast Victoria under the Land Grant Act, Ned's mother attempts to provide for her children by running a shebeen and taking on a series of lovers, including the notorious bushranger Harry Power. Power agrees to take on the young Ned as an apprentice, and provides Ned with knowledge of the land, hideouts, and strategies for bushranging. Kelly eventually leaves Power and returns to his family's settlement, where he is shown making dogged attempts to live an honest lifestyle.
Kelly is arrested and sentenced to three years in prison for reception of a stolen horse (although Kelly claims that a friend, "Wild" Wright, knowingly sold him the stolen horse without Kelly's knowledge – Kelly later exacts revenge on Wright in a bare-knuckle boxing match). After two years of working as a sawmill hand, he is drawn back to bushranging when a herd of his horses is appropriated by a rival squatter. His descent back into crime is precipitated by a visit from a local police officer, Constable Alex Fitzpatrick. The policeman woos Ned's younger sister Kate, prompting Ned to reveal that Fitzpatrick has multiple mistresses in other towns and has no intention of marrying Kate. After his mother Ellen threatens the constable with violence, Fitzpatrick pulls his revolver on the family and Ned shoots him in the hand in self-defense. Although he dresses the wound and Fitzpatrick leaves while promising that no action will be taken, warrants for the arrest of Ned and his younger brother Dan are issued the next day.
Ned Kelly and his brother Dan hide out in the hills of northeast Victoria, eventually being joined by their friends Steve Hart and Joe Byrne (later becoming known as the Kelly Gang). Kelly's mother is eventually arrested along with her baby daughter and imprisoned in Melbourne as enticement for Kelly to give himself up. A detachment of four policemen is eventually sent to kill the quartet after efforts to arrest them prove unsuccessful; the Kelly Gang ambushes them at Stringybark Creek, where Ned kills three of the policemen. This adds to the growing folklore surrounding the Kelly Gang, which they fuel by robbing banks and giving parts of the money to the lower-class settlers in Victoria who help to shelter the gang.
During the gang's raids, Ned Kelly meets a young Irish girl named Mary Hearn, who already has a young son by Kelly's stepfather, George King. Kelly falls in love with Mary and makes plans to escape the colony with her after she becomes pregnant with his child. Crucially, it is Mary who motivates Kelly to begin writing the story of his life as a legacy for his future child, who she fears will never know its father. Following two successful bank robberies, Mary uses the money to emigrate to San Francisco with her son and Kelly's unborn daughter; Kelly remains behind, however, unwilling to leave Australia until his mother is released from jail.
The gang is eventually cornered by a large squad of dozens of policemen (versus just four in the Kelly Gang) in the town of Glenrowan where the gang has taken numerous hostages and constructed several suits of plate-steel armor for protection. One of the hostages is the crippled local schoolmaster, Thomas Curnow, who encourages Kelly to relate the story of his entire life after seeing samples of his writing. Curnow betrays the gang by warning the incoming police train that the gang has sabotaged the tracks, feeling that history will view him as a "hero". The policemen surround the town and engage in a furious shootout with the armor-clad gang, seriously wounding Ned Kelly and killing the other three members of the gang. Kelly's narrative stops abruptly just before the shootout itself; a secondary narrator, identified as "S.C", relates the tale of the gunfight and Kelly's death by hanging. Since Curnow is shown to have escaped Glenrowan with Kelly's manuscripts, it is assumed that this narrator is a relative of Curnow's. Kelly dies a hero to the people of northeastern Victoria, with the legend of his life left to grow over time.
Technique
The novel is divided into thirteen sections (each ostensibly written by Kelly), with a short description at the beginning of each section describing the physical condition of the original manuscripts. The novel also includes a preface and a frame narrative at the end which describe the events of Kelly's final shootout at Glenrowan and his eventual death sentence. Carey departs from what is known about Kelly's life by providing him with a lover and a daughter, for whom he has been recording his life history whilst on the run from the police.
The novel is written in a distinctive vernacular style, with little in the way of punctuation or grammar; the influence of Kelly's Irish heritage is also apparent in his language. The style is similar to Kelly's most famous surviving piece of writing, The Jerilderie Letter. Excepting the frame narratives of "S.C", the novel does not contain any commas. Although there is much profanity in the novel, it has been censored (replacing vulgarities with terms such as "effing" or "adjectival") for the benefit of Kelly's fictional daughter, presumably by Kelly himself.
Reception
English writer Robert McCrum named True History of the Kelly Gang one of the 100 greatest novels written in English. In 2019, the novel was ranked 53rd on The Guardian'''s list of the 100 best books of the 21st century.
In an effort to attract American readers to the story, the book's American publisher, Alfred Knopf, heralded the book as a "Great American Novel", even though the novel takes place entirely within Australia. The claim that this book is an "American novel" appears to be based on the fact that author Peter Carey, an Australian, has lived in New York City for many years.
Awards and nominations
Centre for Australian Cultural Studies Award, 2000: winner
Colin Roderick Award, Best Australian Book, 2000: winner
Booksellers Choice Award, 2000: shortlisted
Booker Prize (UK), 2001: winner
The Courier-Mail Book of the Year Award, 2001: joint winner
Queensland Premier's Literary Awards, Best Fiction Book, 2001: winner
Victorian Premier's Literary Awards, The Vance Palmer Prize for Fiction, 2001: winner
In 2001 in a press release the administrators of the Victorian Premier's Literary Awards, the State Library of Victoria, erroneously named Frank Moorhouse's Dark Palace as the winner of that year's award, when in fact the decision had gone to True History of the Kelly Gang''.
The Age Book of the Year Award, Fiction Prize, 2001: winner
The Age Book of the Year Award, Book of the Year, 2001: winner
Commonwealth Writers Prize, South East Asia Region, Best Book for the Region Award, 2001: winner
Commonwealth Writers Prize, Overall Best Book Award, 2001: winner
Miles Franklin Award, 2001: shortlisted
One Book One Brisbane, 2002: winner
Festival Awards for Literature (SA), The Premier's Award, 2002: winner
Festival Awards for Literature (SA), Dymocks Booksellers National Fiction Award, 2002: inaugural winner
International Dublin Literary Award, 2002: shortlisted
Prix du Meilleur Livre Étranger (France), 2003: winner
Fiction vs known facts
This novel uses many aspects of the history of the Kelly Gang, but much of it is invented, and some facts are distorted.
The 'parcels' are entirely an invention of the author, as is the "Sons of Sieve", and the suggestion that Ellen Kelly and Harry Power were lovers. The character Mary Hearne, and her children, are entirely fictional; Ned Kelly is not known to have fathered any children in his lifetime, nor was he known to be romantically involved with any woman during his outlawry.
Film adaptation
A film adaptation of Carey's novel was released in Australian cinemas in January 2020. Directed by Justin Kurzel, the film's cast includes George MacKay as Ned Kelly and Russell Crowe as Harry Power.
References
External links
Interview with Peter Carey about the novel
Booker Prize-winning works
2000 Australian novels
Novels by Peter Carey (novelist)
Fiction set in the 19th century
University of Queensland Press books
Novels set in Victoria (Australia)
Cultural depictions of Ned Kelly
Australian novels adapted into films
La Sultana is a yacht that has been refitted from a Soviet era ferry. She was launched in 1962, under the name Aji-Petri and was the fifth in a series of 12 ships that were originally built for the Russian fleet. Her purpose was to transport freight and passengers between the ports of Odessa, Yalta, Sebastopol and Istanbul between the Azov and Black seas. During the Cold War, the ship was believed to be used as a Soviet spy vessel. During the refitting process several spying instruments were discovered, including a radioactivity detector and thick aluminum insulation across the entire boat.
History
Built in 1962 for shipping and transportation services the boat was originally named Aji-Petri. She could carry 102 passengers in cabins, with 110 more passengers on the deck and 46 crew members on board. In 1970, during Cold War tensions, the family of ships gradually stopped ferrying passengers in the Black Sea in order to be re-fitted for strategic purposes by the USSR. The ship was eventually sent to the North Atlantic and used for unofficial spying on the United States and United Kingdom by the International Organisation of Telecommunications. At the conclusion of the Cold War she was returned to a Bulgarian shipping company and resumed her transportation and shipping role. In 2007, she was acquired by the La Sultana Group to be re-fitted as a luxury yacht.
After undergoing a seven-year refitting, including being stripped from top to bottom, the bow has been raised to create a shielded ipe wood deck. The yacht houses seven cabins on six floors. Part of the re-fitting included upgrading to a diesel Mitsubishi engine that is used to drive the original propeller. Although it no longer serves as the engine telegraph, the Bulgarian language engine order telegraph is still prominently displayed while the original push button steering controls are still used. La Sultana carries three tender boats, two Lancel boats and an XPro 490. In 2016, La Sultana was included in Refit, a book published by Boat International Media, that highlights yacht refits, rebuilds and restorations.
References
1962 in the Soviet Union
Auxiliary ships of the Soviet Navy
Motor yachts
1962 ships
The Elta 2052 is an X-Band airborne active electronically scanned array Fire Control Radar (FCR) designed for air-to-air superiority and strike missions based on fully solid-state Active Electronically Scanning Array (AESA) technology for fighter aircraft. It has been fitted for the SEPECAT Jaguar as part of Indian Air Force (IAF) DARIN III upgrade program. It has also been fitted for HAL Tejas, and described as suitable for use on the F-15, MiG-29, and Mirage 2000. The EL/M-2052 is an advanced Airborne Fire Control Radar (FCR) designed for air superiority and advanced strike missions.
The FCR is based on fully solid-state active phased array technology. The radar has multi-target tracking capability of up to 64 targets. The EL/M-2052 radar incorporates operational feedback from Israeli Air Force combat pilots.
The radar introduces improvements to the air-to-air, air-to-ground and air-to-sea operation modes of the aircraft. In the air-to-air mode, the radar enables long-range multi-target detection and enables several simultaneous weapon deliveries in combat engagements.
In air-to-ground missions, the radar provides very high resolution mapping (SAR), surface moving target detection and tracking over RBM, DBS and SAR maps in addition to A/G ranging. In Air-to-Sea missions the radar provides long-range target detection and tracking, including target classification capabilities (RS, ISAR).
Controversy
A Chinese company, NAV Technologies in Beijing has marketed a radar similar to the 2052. It is said to have caused an investigation in Washington for a connection between Israel and Beijing. Elta denies this. No further news on this radar has been heard.
Features
Full solid-state (electronics) radar
High MTBCF (redundancy)
High ECM immunity
Extended detection ranges
Multi Target Tracking (64 targets)
Simultaneous modes of operation
Solid-state, active phased array technology
Pulse Doppler, all aspect, shoot down capabilities
Simultaneous multi-target tracking and engaging
Simultaneous multi-mode operation
Ultra-low side-lobe antenna
Sigma, two axis monopulse and guard channels
Flexible interfaces and growth potential
- Modular hardware and software
- Spare memory and computing power
High mission reliability (built with redundancy)
Operational Modes
Ait-to-Air
TWS/Multi-target detection and tracking
Multi-target ACM
High resolution raid assessment
Air-to-Ground
High resolution mapping (SAR Mode)
High resolution mapping (SAR Mode)
AGR - Air-to-Ground Ranging
RBM - Real Beam Map
DBS - Doppler Beam Sharpening
GMTI on RBM, SAR
GMTT on RBM, SAR
Beacon
Weather
Air-to-Sea
Sea search and multi-target tracking
RS and ISAR classification modes
References
Aircraft radars
Military radars of Israel
Elta products
The German tariff of 1925 was a moderately protectionist law passed by the Reichstag that reintroduced tariffs on agricultural imports into Weimar Germany. It came into force on 1 September 1925.
Under the Treaty of Versailles Germany was forbidden from setting its own tariff until 1925. Tariffs on agricultural products had been abolished at the start of World War I to ensure a continuous food supply. There was great controversy over whether protectionism should be resumed for agriculture. Left-wing parties and those representing small peasants opposed protection, with the conservatives and those representing large landowners in favour.
The election of December 1924 led to a coalition government under Hans Luther, with the protectionist DNVP supporting an agricultural tariff. There also emerged a new solidarity bloc between industry and agriculture that favoured the restoration of protection. Although the new tariff nominally restored tariff rates similar to the prewar duties on grain, the provisional rates during the transition period were lower: wheat was subject to a duty of 3.50 marks per quintal and rye to a duty of 3 marks. However, from August 1926 wheat and rye were subject to a duty of 5 marks.
The tariff helped to moderate the fall in prices.
Notes
References
Alexander Gerschenkron, Bread and Democracy in Germany (New York: Howard Fertig, 1966).
Dieter Gessner, 'Agrarian Protectionism in the Weimar Republic', Journal of Contemporary History, Vol. 12, No. 4 (Oct., 1977), pp. 759-778.
Michael Tracy, Government and Agriculture in Western Europe, 1880–1988 (London: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1989).
Economy of the Weimar Republic
1925 in Germany
This is a list of The Garden of Sinners characters.
Major characters
(drama CD), Maaya Sakamoto (movies)
A teenage girl who recently recovered from a two-year coma. She originally had three personalities, a male personality named and the original female personality , both are aware and conscious of one another, but possessing different qualities. A third genderless personality known as "Void" never manifests due to extreme apathy but also embodies the Root of all existence. As a family of demon hunters, children born into the Ryougi family are generally male. They are raised with two personalities, so the male personality is customarily called the "yang" personality, while the female is called the "yin" personality. It is easy to tell which personality is speaking at a given time because they both have a distinct style of speaking, most notably that the female personality refers to herself with the pronoun . In contrast, the male personality refers to himself as . Upon meeting Mikiya, she gradually finds happiness through their relationship, and a schism develops between her two personalities. When she awakens, she finds herself unable to connect her memories to her current identity. While she knows she is Shiki, she does not feel that she is. In the hopes of regaining herself and the "dead" SHIKI, she puts on a cold façade that somewhat resembles the female Shiki's and tries to act as the male SHIKI did. Touko understands the sense of detachment Shiki feels but considers the current Shiki a third, new personality. Her near-death experience awakened her "Mystic Eyes of Death Perception" which is shown by having a rainbow-like color in her pupils. This supernatural ability allows her to see the inherent mortality of everything (both living and non-living) in the form of lines and a single point (which is the "origin" of the object). A cut along any line will bifurcate the object, no matter how sharp the cutting tool and a stab at the point destroys the object's origin, causing instant death.
Reunited with Mikiya, now employed as an investigator for a puppet-maker and powerful sorceress, Touko Aozaki. Shiki assists Touko's detective agency, Garan no Dou, investigating paranormal events where she employs her combat skills to resolve the situation with force if necessary while struggling to come to terms with her identity.
(drama CD), Kenichi Suzumura (movies)
Shiki's love interest (and later husband) who, two years ago, made a promise with Shiki to attend college. He discovers a doll at an exhibition his friend asked him to attend and falls in love with its flawless craftsmanship. He is so charmed by it that he seeks out the maker, Touko Aozaki, and then finds her residence. With his hopes of attending college with Shiki crushed because of her coma, he drops out of college to work under Touko as an assistant investigator. Touko holds his investigative skills highly because of his ability to find her workplace, an abandoned building hidden to all except those who wish to find it. His character design was used as a basis for Tsukihime protagonist, Shiki Tohno.
(drama CD), Ayumi Fujimura (movies)
Mikiya's younger sister and is in love with him. She becomes an apprentice of Touko due to her rivalry against Shiki and is talented in ignition magic. She is quite similar both in appearance and abilities to Akiha Tohno (though Akiha's power consists of controlling external heat, whereas Azaka's ability is inducing ignitions). In an interview with Nasu, despite their rivalry, Azaka actually likes Shiki personally, and vice versa, except their relationship with Mikiya has made it difficult for both of them to become good friends.
(drama CD), Takako Honda (movies)
Appearing as a puppet maker, Touko is actually a powerful sorceress. She runs a business in an abandoned building called Garan no Dou. This agency sells their work, ranging from architectures to craftsmanships, to whoever is interested. However, Mikiya believes that Touko is simply forcing what she wants to make on the customers. As the company only consists of herself and Mikiya, she is the sole designer while Mikiya takes the secretary's job. Due to Touko's connection with the Magic Association, the agency occasionally takes on supernatural or otherwise abnormal cases despite Touko having run away and distanced herself from the organization long ago. She is the older sister of Aoko Aozaki, who does not have a particularly good relationship with her. In the early editions of the novel, Touko was portrayed with short blue hair. In the newer editions of the books and the movies, she has been given long red hair; Nasu and Takeuchi, dissatisfied with older illustrations of Touko, changed her hair color to reflect her relationship to Aoko Aozaki, who also has red hair.
She is very loose with money which leads to her being broke for months and unable to provide salary for her staff. Touko upgrades Shiki's artificial arm or gives other unique presents as compensation for her work.
She also appears in several Type-Moon releases such as Mahōtsukai no Yoru, Carnival Phantasm, Chibichuki!, Clock Tower 2015, Fate/Extra and The Case Files of Lord El-Melloi II.
Secondary characters
Chapter 1
(movies), Miki Itou (Drama CD)
A bedridden girl who controls a ghostly version of herself above the . She is the reason behind the supposed Fujou Building suicides.
Chapter 2
(movies), Yuji Ueda (Drama CD)
A detective working with the local law enforcement, Daisuke is Mikiya's cousin who acts as an elder brother figure to him. Despite his scruffy and laid back appearance, Akimi is a diligent investigator who's put in charge of unraveling the truth behind a series of strange murders which he suspect someone from Mikiya's highschool. Daisuke holds Mikiya's investigation ability in high regard and often shares some classified information with him for suggestions.
Chapter 3
(movies only)
Classmate and friend to Azaka, both students of . A serial killer who kills her victims in supernatural and heinous ways. Fujino has the unique ability to bend space along with objects within her field of vision. Her family sealed this magical power since childhood by removing her pain sensors. However, at some point, Araya Souren found her and returned the sensation of pain. Fujino initially used this ability for revenge by killing her rapists, twisting their bodies into formless crushed flesh. However, after killing so many people, she started to get addicted and eventually started killing innocent people as well. She later also gains clairvoyance in conjunction with her powers, allowing her to bend objects outside her standard field of vision. Fujino is the main antagonist in the third chapter.
Chapter 5
(movies only)
A teenager that Shiki takes in. He claims to have killed his parents because of constant dreams of getting killed by his mother. However, the end of the story reveals that he is one of the puppet victims of Souren's experiments. His origin is "worthlessness."
He is quite similar both in appearance and Character Arc to Shirou Emiya
(movies only)
Tomoe's mother and one of Souren's victim experiments. In Tomoe's recollections, he stabbed and disemboweled her. However, in his nightmares, he sees her killing her husband, then him, and then herself.
(drama CD and movies)
A former Buddhist monk who has lived for around 300 years and a previous acquaintance of Touko from the in London. Though he may be considered an average Mage at face value, he is highly skilled in creating Bounded Fields. He carries a special that is capable of preventing the movement of anything within it. It is mobile, something out of the ordinary since Bounded Fields are usually impossible to move, and Araya typically uses it as a weapon. Moreover, he infused himself with a large building that makes it almost like a Reality Marble, solidifying Sōren as an exceptional mage. He is the mastermind behind the actions of the other antagonists by awakening their innate abilities and manipulating them to confront Shiki. Due to Sōren's Origin of "Stillness" and a Śarīra embedded on his body, Shiki had difficulty tracing his "death," making it particularly difficult to kill him.
(movies only)
Director of the Sponheim Abbey, and acquaintance of Araya and Touko. They were on good terms until Cornelius realized that Touko was a better Mage than he was. Even though he was popularly considered a better Mage than her, he became so obsessed with this inferiority complex that he occasionally became deranged when speaking of her. He joined up with Araya, not because of the latter's goals but solely to kill Touko to prove his superiority. Though he is naturally more powerful than both Araya and Touko, he is blinded by his arrogance and is not nearly as versatile as they are. He used several spells in the novel, including one that had power equivalent to a Noble Phantasm, but none of them made an appearance in the movie.
Chapter 6
A Welsh magus designated to be sealed, known as "God's Word", with an ability to manipulate others through his words alone, causing them to believe what he says. He demonstrated this ability by "convincing" Ryougi Shiki that she could not see him, and she was unable to cut him. Was also the one who gave Misaya Ouji the ability to manipulate the fairies, and was himself capable of manipulating memories, including recalling ones the target cannot remember. Amusingly, his ability is powerless if his target cannot hear him speak.
The daughter of the Reien's school chairman, was manipulated by "God's Word" into believing that her friend, Kaori Tachibana, committed suicide because she discovered that Hideo Hayama, a school teacher, was taking illegal drugs, and he drugged her in order to keep her silent, and nobody helped her. She planned to take revenge by using the fairies to force the students to commit suicide in the same way that Kaori Tachibana did, at the same site, but was stopped by Azaka.
Chapter 7
(movies only)
As first introduced in the second chapter, he is Mikiya Kokutou's senior who dropped out of school. The final chapter reveals that he is responsible for the series of murders that Shiki appears to have committed before her coma. After confessing his feelings to Shiki and being rejected, he went to an arcade to blow off some steam, intending to get into a fight. After provoking someone, Lio attacked him from behind, killing the opponent inadvertently. Fearing capture by authorities, Lio attempted to erase the evidence by devouring the victim's body, unwittingly awakening his Origin of "Consumption." Encouraged by Souren's words, Lio began to commit murders while dressed as Shiki, hoping that Shiki, the girl he loves, would succumb to her murderous impulses and become his. Lio is one of Souren's pawns in the mission to take over Shiki's body and reach the "Root" of all things. However, Lio's mental instability is thought to have messed things up. Souren then excludes Lio from his grand plan and keeps him at bay. After Souren died at the hands of Shiki, Lio was freed and began to wander around, continuing his serial killings while disguised as Shiki to lure her out. In the final confrontation, Shiki kills Lio in cold blood for apparently killing Mikiya.
Gospel in the Future
Azaka Kokutou's room-mate. Has a collie dog named Akira.
A 14-year-old bomber in 1998. He can manipulate certain probabilities with his mystic eyes. His right eye could see its outcome, and the left showed the steps towards that path. Shiki permanently injured his right eye during a battle after "killing" Kamekura's unnatural future, where Shiki dies by his explosives. They met again by a twist of fate when he owed Shiki's criminal syndicate a huge amount of financial debt in 2008. Shiki gave him a chance to clear his debt by hiring him. He eventually works for Mikiya Kokutou's agency while keeping his main job of authoring children's stories. His work for Mikiya usually involves doing background checks, and sometimes he will be requested to partake in proper investigations. He occasionally babysits Mana, Shiki's daughter.
Shiki and Mikiya's daughter. An optimistic, kind, and cheerful 10-year-old girl. She knows about her mother's male personality, SHIKI (織). Her wish is to "beat her mom so she can win over her dad." Mana is attracted to things that are out of the ordinary with great amusement and jumps at the possibility of doing something interesting.
References
Kara no Kyōkai
Manohar Balaji Sarwate (15 March 1910 – 19 February 1967), was an Indian engineer who served as the Secretary-General of the International Telecommunication Union from 1965 until his death in 1967. He had previously served as the first ITU Deputy Secretary-General, for five years from 1960.
Education
Sarwate was a Bachelor of Science in physics and mathematics from the Bombay University and completed a diploma in Electrical Technology from the Indian Institute of Science. He then moved to the United Kingdom and obtained a doctorate in radio engineering from the Liverpool University in 1938.
Career
Sarwate was engaged in research and development of aircraft radio and radar equipment for the Royal Aircraft Establishment in the United Kingdom from 1938 to 1941. He was commissioned into the Technical (Signals) branch of the Royal Indian Air Force on 19 December 1941. He continued his work on radar, rose to the rank of Squadron Leader, and was mentioned in dispatches in October 1945. He retired from service in October 1946.
He worked for the Civil Aviation Administration of the Government of India from 1946 to 1953, serving as director of communication responsible for the development of the aeronautical commercial services from 1948. In 1953, he was appointed as an adviser for Wireless Planning and Coordination in the Ministry of Transportation and Communication. In this position, he was responsible for national and international wireless planning and coordination. From 1953, he served as the Chairman of the Indian government's Radio and Cable Board.
He was a founding member of the Institution of Telecommunication Engineers of India, of which he was elected a Fellow in 1961. He was also a Member of the Aeronautical Society of India and of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, London.
International Telecommunication Union
Sarwate was the Alternate Leader of the Indian delegation to the 1959 ITU Plenipotentiary Conference in Geneva and was elected as the first ITU Deputy Secretary-General, a post created by the consolidation of the two Assistant Secretaries-General. He was the first elected ITU Deputy Secretary-General instead of being appointed by the ITU's Administrative Council.
Sarwate was subsequently elected Secretary-General in 1965 by the Plenipotentiary Conference in Montreux. As Secretary-General, he had a strong interest in telecommunication development and visited developing countries to promote technical cooperation. He was also keen to see efficiency and economy in the work of ITU. He is said to have told a colleague: "So long as there are starving people in the world we cannot commit Members of the Union to expenses which are not absolutely essential."
He died in office in February 1967 during a critical surgery.
References
1910 births
1967 deaths
Indian engineers
20th-century Indian people
International Telecommunication Union people
András Gyöngyösi (born 23 January 1968) is a Hungarian water polo player. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
Paspalum repens, known as horsetail paspalum or water paspalum, is a species of grass native to South America, Central America, and North America. It is often called Paspalum fluitans, though this name is treated as a synonym of P. repens in Kew's Plants of the World Online database and the Flora of North America project.
References
repens
Flora of South America
Flora of North America
The sixth season of the Tyler Perry's House of Payne began airing on November 4, 2009, and concluded on June 30, 2010. It stars LaVan Davis as Curtis Payne, Cassi Davis as Ella Payne, Allen Payne as CJ Payne, Lance Gross as Calvin Payne, Demetria McKinney as Janine Payne and Keshia Knight Pulliam as Miranda Payne. Larramie "Doc" Shaw, who play as Malik Payne, appears infrequently this season due to scheduling conflicts with two other shows he starred in, The Suite Life on Deck and A Pair of Kings. This season also features the return of China Anne McClain as Jazmine Payne and Denise Burse as Claretha Jenkins, and consists of 46 episodes. This season uses film lookout throughout the all episodes.
Episodes
LaVan Davis appeared in all the episodes.
Cassi Davis was absent for four episodes.
Allen Payne was absent for twelve episodes.
Demetria McKinney was absent for fourteen episodes.
Lance Gross was absent for fifteen episodes.
Keshia Knight Pulliam was absent for nineteen episodes.
China Anne McClain was absent for twenty-four episodes.
Larramie "Doc" Shaw was absent for thirty-five episodes.
Denise Burse was absent for thirty-six episodes.
Tyler Perry's House of Payne seasons
2009 American television seasons
2010 American television seasons
2011 American television seasons
Phillip ("Phil") Doyce Hester (April 30, 1955 - September 17, 2013) was an American engineer and technology executive.
Life
Hester grew up in Corpus Christi, Texas, and attended Richard King High School. He held a Bachelor of Science and a master's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Texas at Austin.
Hester joined IBM around 1977, serving as an engineer, eventually leading the development team for the RS/6000, and as chief technology officer and vice president of systems and technology for IBM's PC division.
In the early 1990s, he co-founded the AIM alliance (originally code-named "Somerset") to promote the PowerPC architecture.
In 2000 Hester co-founded and became chief executive of Newisys, acquired by Sanmina-SCI Corporation.
Hester worked as the chief technology officer and senior vice president of semiconductor company Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) until April 11, 2008.
In December 2009, Hester became the senior vice president of research and development at National Instruments.
Hester died September 17, 2013, in Austin, Texas. He has a son named Will and was married at the time to Joan.
References
1955 births
People from Corpus Christi, Texas
American chief technology officers
2013 deaths
American technology chief executives
Cockrell School of Engineering alumni
Comostola cedilla are a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in New Guinea, Queensland, the southern Moluccas, Sulawesi, the Philippines, Borneo, Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia.
External links
The Moths of Borneo
Insects of Australia
Hemitheini
Moths described in 1917
East Hartford High School is a public high school of the East Hartford, Connecticut Public Schools. East Hartford High Schools shares its campus and many of its programs with the Connecticut International Baccalaureate Academy (CIBA), an honors college-preparatory high school for grades 9–12.
History
Formerly George J. Penney High School, dedicated in 1962 and named for town public works director George J. Penney, Sr. In 1985, Penney High School merged with East Hartford High School.
Notable alumni
John B. Larson, former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus of the United States House of Representatives, graduated in the class of 1967
Diane Venora, actress and producer, graduated in the class of 1970
Will Solomon, former NBA player and professional basketball player
References
External links
Buildings and structures in East Hartford, Connecticut
Schools in Hartford County, Connecticut
Public high schools in Connecticut
Shuki Levy (; born June 3, 1947) is an Israeli-American music composer and television producer. Levy's best known work is soundtrack compositions for children's television programs of the 1980s, such as The Real Ghostbusters, Inspector Gadget, The Mysterious Cities of Gold, M.A.S.K., Dinosaucers, He-Man and the Masters of the Universe, She-Ra: Princess of Power, and Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors. In the 1990s, he became known chiefly for his work on the Power Rangers franchise, Digimon: Digital Monsters, Masked Rider, VR Troopers, and Big Bad Beetleborgs. He has also written and directed numerous episodes for some these television shows, and directed a few films, such as Eye of Doom (1987), Perfect Victims (1988) and Blind Vision (1991). He was also part of a musical duo known as Shuky & Aviva (alternatively Shuki & Aviva) with his partner Aviva Paz.
Life and career
Beginnings
Levy was born in British Mandate of Palestine (now Israel) in 1947. His father was an Ashkenazi Jew originally from Ukraine, and his mother of Sephardic Jewish origin.
His career began as a singer and music performer, playing in various clubs around Tel Aviv. He also appeared in the musical "Hair."
Shuky & Aviva
During the 1970s, Levy performed in France and Germany as a duo known as "Shuki & Aviva" or "Shuky and Aviva" as written on a lot of the duos song releases. Together with his partner Aviva Paz he scored a hit single throughout Europe called "Signorina - Concertina" which sold two million copies. Levy composed "Halayla", the Israeli entry to the 1981 Eurovision Song Contest.
Saban Entertainment
While living in Paris, he met businessman and musician Haim Saban, with the two becoming close friends and frequent collaborators. In an interview, Levy recalled "Haim said, 'We'll be co-composer. You do the composing, I'll do the deals.' I figured, 'Great. Brothers.' That was the last business conversation we had for many years. We were partners. We never had a written agreement. It was all verbal." They eventually moved to Los Angeles and founded Saban Entertainment, a production company responsible for numerous animated shows and Japanese adaptions, such as Digimon, X-Men, Spider-Man and Power Rangers. The company was sold to The Walt Disney Company by the end of 2001.
During the 1980s and 1990s, he was noted for composing a large volume of television music; according to BMI's music publishing database, he has written a combined total of 3,928 themes, background scores and songs. In a 1998 investigation by The Hollywood Reporter, it was revealed that many of these compositions were ghostwritten by other composers, in order for Levy and Haim Saban to gain control of all publishing rights and music royalty revenue.
On October 3, 2013, Shuki Levy started working on a TV show he created called Tribe Of The Wild which was originally set for a 2014 release, but got delayed to 2015 instead. Levy also signed a first-look production deal with Relativity Media to oversee worldwide distribution, finance and production for Levy's content in the children's and family space, Tribe Of The Wild was the first show under the deal.
Personal life
In 1977, Levy was married to Miss USA 1970 and actress Deborah Shelton (Dallas), with whom he has a daughter, Tamara (born 1981). He was also in a relationship with television actress Sarah Brown (General Hospital), with whom he has a second daughter, Jordan (born 1998).
Musical compositions
Shuki Levy is credited as a composer on the following works:
Musicals
2007. Imagine This
TV series
2015. Tribe Of The Wild
2001. Digimon Tamers
2001. Power Rangers Time Force
2001. Mon Colle Knights
2000. Shinzo
2000. NASCAR Racers
2000. Digimon Adventure 02
2000. The Vision of Escaflowne
2000. Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue
2000. Action Man
1999. The Avengers: United They Stand
1999. Digimon Adventure
1999. Power Rangers Lost Galaxy
1999. Spider-Man Unlimited
1998. The Secret Files of the Spy Dogs
1998. Power Rangers In Space
1998. The Silver Surfer
1997. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
1997. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
1997. Power Rangers Turbo
1997. Saban's Adventures of Oliver Twist
1997. Breaker High
1997. Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation
1996. Big Bad Beetleborgs
1996. Little Mouse on the Prairie
1996. The Incredible Hulk
1996. Bureau of Alien Detectors
1996. The Mouse and the Monster
1996. Power Rangers Zeo
1996. Eagle Riders (Dubbed version of Gatchaman II and Gatchaman Fighter)
1996. Dragon Ball Z
1995. Tenko and the Guardians of the Magic
1995. Space Strikers
1995. Super Pig
1995. Iznogoud
1995. Masked Rider
1995. Space Strikers
1994. VR Troopers
1994. Spider-Man
1994. Sweet Valley High
1994. Creepy Crawlers
1994. Teknoman (Dubbed version of Tekkaman Blade)
1994. Honeybee Hutch
1994. BattleTech
1993. Walter Melon
1993. Mad Scientist Toon Club
1993. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
1993. Journey to the Heart of the World
1992. The Adventures of Pinocchio
1992. Jin Jin and the Panda Patrol
1992. King Arthur & the Knights of Justice
1992. X-Men
1991. Rock 'n Cop (German and Swedish dubbed versions of Future Police Urashiman — no English version was released)
1991. Samurai Pizza Cats
1991. Little Shop
1991. Maya the Bee
1991. Space Cats
1990. Attack of the Killer Tomatoes
1990. Lucky Luke
1990. Adventures of the Little Mermaid
1989. The New Adventures of He-Man
1989. The Legend of Zelda
1989. Grimm's Fairy Tale Classics
1989. The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!
1989. Camp Candy
1989. The Karate Kid
1989. Ring Raiders
1989. Captain N: The Game Master
1989. Dragon Warrior
1988. ALF Tales
1988. Noozles
1988. COPS
1988. RoboCop: The Animated Series
1988. Hey Vern, It's Ernest!
1987. Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater
1987. ALF: The Animated Series
1987. Beverly Hills Teens
1987. Sylvanian Families
1987. Maxie's World
1987. The New Archies
1987. Dinosaucers
1987. Maple Town
1987. Diplodo
1987. Lady Lovelylocks And The Pixietails
1987. Starcom: The U.S. Space Force
1986. Dennis The Menace
1986. Zoobilee Zoo
1986. The Real Ghostbusters
1986. Rambo and the Forces of Freedom
1986. Popples
1985. M.A.S.K.
1985. She-Ra: Princess of Power
1985. Rainbow Brite
1985. Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors
1985. It's Punky Brewster
1985. Kissyfur
1984. Punky Brewster
1984. Going Bananas
1984. Pole Position
1984. Kidd Video
1984. Heathcliff & The Catillac Cats
1984. The Get Along Gang
1984. Photon
1983. Mister T
1983. Inspector Gadget
1983. The Littles
1983. He-Man and the Masters of the Universe
1983. Saturday Supercade
1982. Urusei Yatsura (aka "Lamù, La Ragazza Dello Spazio") (Italian dub only)
1982. Bomber X (additional music, French dub only)
1982. The Mysterious Cities of Gold1981. Spider Woman (French and Italian dub only)
1981. Ulysses 311980. Heathcliff1975. Steel Jeeg1975. Time BokanTV
2000. Final Ascent1997. Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might1994. Blindfold: Acts of Obsession1994. Honor Thy Father and Mother: The True Story of the Menendez Murders1994. Guns Of Honor1993. Under Investigation1992. Revenge on the Highway1987. Bay Coven1985. He-Man and She-Ra: A Christmas SpecialVideos
2003. Itty Bitty Heartbeats1996. Spider-Man: Sins of the Fathers1991. Sugar & Spice: The Wizard of Oz1991. Sugar & Spice: Alice in Wonderland1991. Sugar & Spice: Cinderella1991. Sugar & Spice: Heidi1991. Sugar & Spice: Snow White1989. Little Golden Book Land1986. My Favorite Fairy Tales1985. Punky Brewster: More For Your Punky1980. GoldwingFilms
2000. Digimon: The Movie1998. Rusty: The Great Rescue1996. Susie Q1995. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie1992. Round Trip to Heaven1992. Blind Vision1992. Prey Of The Chameleon1989. Trapper Country War1988. Perfect Victims1987. Barbie and the Rockers: Out of This World1987. Barbie and the Sensations: Rockin' Back to Earth1986. Heathcliff: The Movie1985. Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer1985. He-Man And She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword1985. Here Come the Littles1984. Fatal Games1984. The Secret of the Selenites1983. Les Dalton En Cavale1982. Blood Tide1981. Dawn of the MummyScreenwriting credits
Television
Wolf Rock TV (1984)
Kidd Video (1985)
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (1993-1996)
Masked Rider (1995)
Big Bad Beetleborgs (1996)
Power Rangers Zeo (1996)
Power Rangers Turbo (1997)
Film
Perfect Victims (1988)
Blind Vision (1992)
Round Trip to Heaven (1992)
Someone to Die For (1995)
Susie Q (1996)
Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie (1997)
Exception to the Rule (1997)
Rusty: A Dog's Tale (1998)
Aussie and Ted's Great Adventure (2009)
Director
Television
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (1993-1995)
VR Troopers (1994)
Masked Rider (1995)
Big Bad Beetleborgs (1996)
Power Rangers Turbo (1997)
Film
Perfect Victims (1988)
Blind Vision (1992)
Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie (1997)
Rusty: A Dog's Tale (1998)
Aussie and Ted's Great Adventure (2009)
Discography
(As part of duo Shuky & Aviva)
AlbumsLove Is Like (1974)Shuky & Aviva (1976)Shuky & Aviva Album N°2 (1977)
Compilation albumsThe Very Best Of Shuki & Aviva (1974)The Hits Collection (1990)Best of Shuky & Aviva (2002) Shuky & Aviva'' (4xCD) (2013)
Singles
"L' amour c' est la musique de la vie" (1972)
"Viens que je t'embrasse" / "La separation" (1972)
"Signorina Concertina" / "I'll Never Let You Go" (1972)
"Here Comes Summertime" (1972)
"When I'm Dreaming" (1973)
"Sixteen Brothers" / "On My Own" (1973)
"Listen to the Children" / "Ecoutez les enfants" (1973)
"Ca ne suffit pas" / "C'est trop tard" (1973)
"Did I ever say goodbye" / "Roller Coaster" (1974)
"Did I Hear You Say Good-Bye" (1974)
"Bye, Bye, a bientôt" / Des dimanches d'amour" (1975)
"Bye Bye Ciao My Love" (1975)
"Je t'aime un peu trop" (1975)
"Prends ma chemise" (1976)
"Fête d'amour" / Ils ne mont parlé que de toi" (1976)
"Comme Si" (The Air That I Breath) (1976)
"Hotel California" / "S'aimer comme on s'aime" (1977)
"Mais bien sur je t'aime" / "J'aime quelqu'un d'hereux" (1977)
"Je ne fait que passer" / "C'est beaucoup mieux comme ça" (1977)
"Fallait fallait pas" (1978)
in German
"Lern' Mit Den Augen Der Kinder Zu Sehen" (1973)
"Ein Platz Für Die Liebe" (1974)
"Wir Glauben An Das Leben" (1974)
"Du Und Ich Und Zwei Träume" (1975)
"Zum Glück Gibt Es Musik" (1975)
"Ich Liebe Dich Ja Viel Zu Sehr" (1976)
References
External links
Shuki Levy Online
Levy discusses his work on The Real Ghostbusters
Discogs: Shuky & Aviva
1947 births
20th-century American composers
21st-century American composers
American film producers
American film score composers
American male film score composers
American male television writers
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American Sephardic Jews
American television composers
American television producers
American television writers
Animated film score composers
Animation composers
Anime composers
Israeli emigrants to the United States
Israeli film score composers
Israeli Ashkenazi Jews
Israeli Sephardi Jews
Israeli people of Russian-Jewish descent
Israeli television producers
Jewish American film score composers
Jewish American television composers
Living people
Male television composers
Saban Entertainment
In the mythology of the Tuamotu islands, the Mareikura are the attendants of Io. In Māoridom, Mareikura are female spirits, similar to whatukura.
References
Tuamotu deities
Robert Hodorogea (born 24 March 1995) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Politehnica Iași.
Honours
Club
Viitorul Constanța
Liga I: 2016–17
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga II players
Liga III players
FC Viitorul Constanța players
FC Voluntari players
FC Politehnica Iași (2010) players
The Diet of Worms is a Big Finish Productions audio drama featuring Lisa Bowerman as Bernice Summerfield, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Plot
Bernice applies for a job at the Depository - a place where all the great literary achievements of the human race are stored.
Cast
Bernice Summerfield - Lisa Bowerman
Peter Summerfield - Thomas Grant
Panthea Vyse - Catherine Harvey
Myrtle Bunnage/Mrs Tishpishti/Robots - Beth Chalmers
Examiner - Matthew Sweet
Robots - Ralf Collie
Trivia
External links
Big Finish Productions - Professor Bernice Summerfield: The Diet of Worms
Bernice Summerfield audio plays
Fiction set in the 27th century
Viktor Gluth (May 6, 1852 in Pilsen – January 17, 1917) was a Bohemian-German composer. He was professor at the Königliche Akademie der Tonkunst (Royal Academy of Music) in Munich.
Compositions
Der Trentajäger [Zlatorog], with Rudolf Baumbach (Munich, 1885; rewritten Munich, 1911)
Horand und Hilde, with Rudolf Baumbach (Munich, 1914)
Et Resurrexit
References
1852 births
1917 deaths
Musicians from Munich
German composers
19th-century German musicians
The Malagasy paradise flycatcher (Terpsiphone mutata) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae.
It is found in the Comoros, Madagascar, and Mayotte.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
Taxonomy and systematics
In 1760 the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson included a description of the Malagasy paradise flycatcher in his Ornithologie based on a specimen collected in Madagascar. He used the French name Le gobe-mouche a longue queue de Madagascar and the Latin Muscicapa Madagascariensis Longicauda. Although Brisson coined Latin names, these do not conform to the binomial system and are not recognised by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature. When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated his Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition, he added 240 species that had been previously described by Brisson. One of these was the Malagasy paradise flycatcher. Linnaeus included a brief description, coined the binomial name Muscicapa mutata and cited Brisson's work.
The species remained in the genus Muscicapa with other Old World flycatchers until 1827, when Constantin Wilhelm Lambert Gloger created the genus Terpsiphone for the paradise flycatchers. The genus name Terpsiphone comes from the Greek words terpsi, meaning "delighted in" (from terpo, "to delight") and phone, meaning "voice". The species name, mutata is Latin for "changed" or "different". An alternate common name is the Madagascar paradise flycatcher.
The Malagasy paradise flycatcher is thought to have evolved from African ancestors, as it appears to be more closely related to the African paradise flycatcher than the Indian paradise flycatcher.
Subspecies
There are five subspecies recognized, which differ only slightly in appearance:
T. m. mutata - (Linnaeus, 1766): Found in Madagascar. Includes T. m. singetra
T. m. pretiosa - (Lesson, 1847): Originally described as a separate species. Found on Mayotte in the eastern Comoros
T. m. vulpina - (Edward Newton, 1877): Originally described as a separate species. Found on Anjouan in the central Comoros
T. m. voeltzkowiana - (Stresemann, 1924): Found on Mohéli in the west-central Comoros
T. m. comorensis (sometimes misspelled comoroensis) - (Milne-Edwards and Oustalet, 1885): Originally described as a separate species. Found on Grand Comore in the western Comoros
Description
The Malagasy paradise flycatcher is a medium-sized passerine, measuring in length and weighing between . Males have long tail plumes, which can add as much as to their overall length. The female is largely rufous-orange, with a black head and nape. The flight feathers on her wings are black with rufous edges, and she has a thin, light blue eyelid wattle.
Range and habitat
This species is a regional endemic found on Madagascar, Mayotte and the Comoros islands. It is common in all native forest types except montane forest, at elevations ranging from sea level to . It also occurs, though less frequently, in other wooded habitats, including plantations, gardens and secondary forest.
Behavior
Food and feeding
Like all members of its genus, the Malagasy paradise flycatcher is an insectivore, feeding on a variety of insects. It regularly joins mixed-species flocks, particularly those containing common newtonias. It is a "follower" in such flocks, allowing other birds to work as "beaters"; it follows them and hunts down any insect prey they flush. Studies have shown that the paradise flycatcher's foraging efficiency is directly correlated to the number of common newtonia in a flock; a greater number of common newtonias results in a higher foraging efficiency for any accompanying Malagasy paradise flycatchers. When rufous vangas, which generally forage within a meter (yard) or so of the ground, are present in the same mixed-species flocks as Malagasy paradise flycatchers, the latter preferentially follow the vangas, and therefore forage closer to the ground than they normally do.
Breeding
The female typically lays a clutch of three eggs measuring in length and in width. These range in color from pinkish-white to salmon-pink, with dense brown or lavender speckling or blotching on the wide end of the egg. This species occasionally serves as host to the Madagascar cuckoo, a brood parasite.
Conservation and threats
The IUCN rates the Malagasy paradise flycatcher as a species of The Least Concern. Despite the fact that its numbers appear to be decreasing, the decline is not precipitous, the species is still common on Madagascar and its global range is sizable.
A number of diurnal raptors, including Frances's sparrowhawk, yellow-billed kite and Madagascar harrier-hawk hunt Malagasy paradise flycatchers. In addition, there is at least one record of a common brown lemur eating a nestling Malagasy paradise flycatcher, one of the few records of a wild lemur eating anything other than plant material.
References
Cited works
Malagasy paradise flycatcher
Birds of the Comoros
Birds of Madagascar
Birds of Mayotte
Malagasy paradise flycatcher
Malagasy paradise flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rata may refer to:
Biology
Some plants of the genus Metrosideros from New Zealand, including:
Metrosideros albiflora (Large white rātā)
Metrosideros bartlettii (Bartlett's rātā or Cape Reinga white rātā)
Metrosideros carminea (Carmine rātā)
Metrosideros colensoi (Colenso's rātā)
Metrosideros diffusa (White rātā)
Metrosideros fulgens (Scarlet rātā)
Metrosideros parkinsonii (Parkinson's rātā)
Metrosideros perforata (Small white rātā)
Metrosideros robusta (Northern rātā)
Metrosideros umbellata (Southern rātā)
The mangosteen tree Garcinia dulcis of Indonesia
Rata (crab), a genus of crabs
Mythology
Rātā (Māori mythology)
Rata (Tahitian mythology)
Rata (Tuamotu mythology)
Laka, a figure in Hawaiian mythology
Places
Rata, New Zealand, near Hunterville
Tanah Rata, a town in Malaysia
Malaya Rata, a region of Sri Lanka
Maya Rata, medieval kingdom in Sri Lanka
Te Rata Bridge, New Zealand
Rata (Bug), a tributary of the river Bug in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine
Rivers in Romania
Rața, a tributary of the Dâmbovnic in Argeș County
Rața, a tributary of the Izvorul Alb in Bacău County
Rața, a tributary of the Lunca in Harghita County
Rața, a tributary of the Uz in Bacău County
Other
Rata (name)
Rață
Rata ("rat"), nickname of the Polikarpov I-16 fighter in the Spanish Civil War
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority, earlier in Finnish Rahoitustarkastuslaitos Rata
TxpA-RatA toxin-antitoxin system (RNA anti-toxin A)
Rata Blanca, an Argentinian heavy metal band
Rata Blanca (album), their 1988 album
Rata Blanca VII, their 1997 album
Rata railway station, a former station on the North Island Main Trunk, New Zealand
See also
Pro rata
Piz may refer to:
Piz Gloria, a mountain-top restaurant in Switzerland
Piz Buin, a mountain
Piz Dolf, a mountain
Piz Segnas, a mountain
Piz Buin (brand), a suncream brand
Piz (river), a river in Russia
Stosh "Piz" Piznarski, a character from Veronica Mars
PIZ (Compression Method), a compression method built into OpenEXR
The MFF Charity Cup is Myanmar football's annual match contested between the champions of the previous Myanmar National League season and the holders of the General Aung San Shield at Aung San Stadium. If the Myanmar National League champions also won the General Aung San Shield then the league runners-up provide the opposition.
Organised by the Myanmar Football Federation, proceeds from the game are distributed to community-based initiatives and charities around the country. Revenue from the gate receipts. The fixture was first played in the 2012 season, replacing the MFF Opening Cup.
Rules
The rules of the Charity Cup are generally the same as those for Myanmar League, with a team of 11 starting players and 7 substitutes. However, unlike in most other competitions where only three substitutions are permitted, teams in the Charity Cup are permitted up to six substitutions. If the scores are level after 90 minutes, the teams play a penalty shootout.
Status
An official honour in the Myanmar game, the Charity Cup is the first competitive game of the new top-flight Myanmar football season. However, it has been considered by some to be a minor trophy and Charity Cup games may not be as hotly contested as other trophy finals. The tournament, along with other domestic super cups.
Records
The most successful teams in the competition are Yangon United and Shan United (3 outright wins) and Magwe (1 outright win) and Ayeyawady United (2 outright wins)
The highest scoring game was Magwe's 3– win against Yadanarbon in 2017.
Match
References
External links
2014
Myanmar National League Facebook Official Page
Football cup competitions in Myanmar
Myanmar
Uygur District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Chundzha. Population:
Geography
It is located in the southeastern part of the Almaty region in the foothills of the Zailiysky Alatau, between the Ketmen ridge and the plain of the Ili depression.
On the territory of the district there is a relic grove of Sogdian ash - a natural monument of national importance. On the territory of this grove, 34 species of plants listed in the Red Book grow, more than 60 species of mammals, 300 species of birds and more than 20 species of amphibians live.
Another attraction is the Charyn Canyon or the "Valley of Castles".
Between the Ketmen mountains and the valley of the Ili river there are thermal (hot) artesian springs with low-mineralized radon water.
The Uygur District has a wide variety of medicinal herbs, sweet fruits of apricots, apples, grapes and berry crops.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Parti Socialiste (Socialist Party) may refer to:
Parti Socialiste (Belgium)
Parti Socialiste (France)
Parti Socialiste (Mauritius) (PS), see List of political parties in Mauritius
Parti Socialiste Mauricien (PSM), see List of political parties in Mauritius
Parti Socialiste du Sénégal, Senegal
Parti Socialiste Suisse, Switzerland
Partie Socialiste (Tunisia)
See also
Socialist Party (disambiguation)
Go! Pop! Bang! is the debut studio album by American rapper Rye Rye. It was released on N.E.E.T. Recordings, an imprint of Interscope Records. The album was originally scheduled for release in 2009, but it has since been delayed several times, due to a pregnancy and label issues. It was eventually released on May 15, 2012, with a deluxe version available through digital music retailers. The album features several artists including M.I.A., Akon, Tyga, Robyn, and Porcelain Black. Production credits are given to M.I.A., The Neptunes, Mr. Bangladesh, and RedOne. The variety of styles brought from each producer was praised by critics.
On the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart, the album's three singles charted in the top 20, with "Never Will Be Mine" and "Boom Boom" being the only ones to break the top 10. As a whole, the album peaked at six on the Top Heatseekers chart. The album also charted on the Top Rap Albums and Top Electronic Albums charts.
Background
Recording started in 2008, with mentor and label boss M.I.A. at hand. M.I.A. took a pivotal role in recording at first, helping produce and write tracks while bringing in hip hop producer Arabian Prince and dance music veteran Egyptian Lover to help record the album. Together they helped to mix tracks such as "Bang". Rye Rye's first official single was the M.I.A.-produced "Sunshine". However, Rye Rye became pregnant in 2009, postponing the release of Go! Pop! Bang!. This would set in motion a series of delays which delayed the album's release until May 2012. Even so, Rye Rye continued to create music during this period, working with music producers Bangladesh and Pharrell. In 2011, she released her first mixtape RYEot PowRR.
Composition and lyrics
Producers on Go! Pop! Bang! include Bangladesh, The Neptunes, M.I.A. and RedOne, each adding a different style to the songs they produced for the album. "It was kind of more about getting comfortable with the album," Rye Rye explains, after taking a hiatus from the album due to a pregnancy "... I started experimenting with other grooves. I felt like I wanted to get some different sounds in. I felt like I was evolving as well, and the times were changing. The first album I did, it was around for awhile , even though nobody else had heard it, it had been around in my ears for so long." "I was just working with different people that had different sounds, and I wanted to kinda work with all of them." Rye Rye said of the plethora of sounds each producer brought to Go! Pop! Bang.
Commenting on the percussive sounds on the album, Rye Rye mentions that Pharrell Williams went for a dub sound on "Shake Twist Drop", while Bangladesh focused on 808s. The former song earned comparisons to M.I.A.'s gaana song "Bird Flu". Rye Rye recalled that working with M.I.A. allowed her "to be herself, cater to society today" and enjoy creative freedom in the studio with her topical themes. RedOne brought a Eurodance sound to the song "DNA" and added guest vocals from Porcelain Black, who is signed to his 2101 Records imprint. The song also features a death growl from that industrial pop singer. Rye Rye describes the song as her favorite on the album. She went into detail, regarding the song's meaning, saying, "It's basically saying everything I did was in my DNA. I'm a party pooper, but any time I hear music, I instantly dance. I could be outside standing on the street, in the store. That's basically what the song is saying. I need no Adderall, no Ritalin. It comes natural." Amelia Osowski of CMJ said "DNA" was "destined to be a club hit, or as Rye Rye puts it, 'This is a party anthem.' It's one of those songs that will endlessly loop through your mind as you stumble out of bed the next morning."
The album's ballad, "Crazy Bitch", features Akon and is one of the slowest, sparsest pieces on the album. "Depending on one's investment in dance music, it's either a nice intermission or an unwanted interruption." The Washington Post said. The song "Holla Holla", Godfrey writing for The Washington Post explains, references her long-awaited debut, while being able to compete with Nicki Minaj, Azealia Banks, and Kreayshawn, leading the female MCs in the industry.
Reviewer Gregory Heaney of AllMusic commented on the production of Go! Pop! Bang and M.I.A.'s appearance on multiple songs, saying "While her hook on the chopped-up 'Better than You,' helps to add an extra layer of brash cool to the song, the real heavy hitter on the album is Bangladesh, whose simple and direct approach on tracks like "Hotter" and "Drop" showcases the same knack for dancefloor-crushing beats that the producer has used so effectively for Lil' Wayne and Nicki Minaj."
Promotion
Promotion began in 2009 with the release of the buzz single "Bang", which received positive reviews from music critics. "Bang" was also used for the soundtrack to the 2009 film Fast & Furious and later appeared briefly in the 2010 film Step Up 3D. Rye Rye's track "Get Like This", featuring rapper Busy Signal, appeared on the soundtrack to the 2009 video game NBA Live 10. Following her pregnancy in 2009, she took a short hiatus from promoting the album. By summer 2010, Rye Rye began touring with M.I.A. across Europe, appearing at many of the large music festivals. Late 2010 saw the release of "Sunshine", the first official single off Go! Pop! Bang!. Early 2011 saw Rye Rye collaborating with Urban Outfitters and POP Beauty to create a Go! Pop! Bang!-inspired nail polish set. In addition, Rye Rye embarked on a spring promotional tour, performing in Las Vegas with Robyn on April 14, 2011. This preceded the June 2011 release of "Never Will Be Mine", Rye Rye's second single which features the Swedish singer Robyn. In Summer 2011 promotion of Rye Rye's music saw the use of "New Thing" a new track by Rye Rye used in a Prabal Gurung's fashion video and in an Adidas commercial. Rye Rye has also been affiliated with mobile phone maker HTC. In Spring 2012, Rye Rye released her third single from Go! Pop! Bang!, "Boom Boom", accompanied with a music video. The track listing for Go! Pop! Bang! was revealed via Barnes & Noble's website on April 19.
Singles
{{multiple image
| align = right
| image1 = Miadigitalnewcastle.jpg
| width1 = 150
| alt1 =
| caption1 =
| image2 = Robyn arvikafestivalen.JPG
| width2 = 150
| alt2 =
| caption2 =
| footer = Artists such as M.I.A. (left) and Robyn (right) are featured on Go! Pop! Bang!s singles
}}
Three singles were released from the album before its debut on May 15, 2012. Sunshine, featuring Rye Rye's mentor, M.I.A, was the album's lead single. Spin called "Sunshine" a tribute to Rye Rye's urban upbringing, with b-girl dance moves, double dutching, and pick-up games. The second single "Never Will Be Mine" samples "Be Mine!" a song by Swedish singer Robyn. The song charted at number 12 on Billboards Hot Dance Club Songs chart. A remix made by R3hab was included on the album, while the original was reserved for the deluxe version. "Never Will Be Mine" is a hip hop ballad that showcases a sweeter side of the Baltimore rapper, contrasting her bubbly and flamboyant nature. Robyn commented that she appreciated how Rye Rye took a sad, ballad song and interpolated it into a different style in a behind-the-scenes documentary.
The third single, "Boom Boom", samples the Vengaboys' 1999 song "Boom, Boom, Boom, Boom!!". A music video accompanying the song was directed by Georgie Greville and Geremie Jasper of Legs Media, and features arcade game graphics reminiscent of the popular video games Space Invaders and Ecco the Dolphin.
Sam Lansky of MTV's Buzzworthy complimented Rye Rye for the inclusion of the Vengaboy's song of a similar title, elevating it above her work with Robyn in "Never Will Be Mine" and the Far East Movement's "Jello". Lansky called the song "a contemporary radio confection, complete with layers of Atari blips and bloops alongside "Ay!" callouts evoking Usher's "Love in This Club." Lansky closed the critique by lauding the video game music samples, calling "Boom Boom" Rye Rye's glossiest and hippest song to date. Jeff Benjamin, a blogger for Billboard, praised how the sampling of Vengaboy, combined with the youthful delivery of her rap lyrics rescued "Boom Boom" from becoming another generic pop song. Benjamin also dubbed the song as fun and appealing, confessing that the song has the potential to convert an entirely new audience to her sound. "Boom Boom" peaked at number eight on the Hot Dance Club songs chart.
Critical reception
Go! Pop! Bang! received generally positive reviews. Steve Jones of USA Today gave the album three out of four stars, saying, "[Go! Pop! Bang! has] rapid-fire boasts flow over a stream of bass-heavy beats is guaranteed to get the feet of the most recalcitrant wallflowers moving to the dance floor," adding that once the record starts, there's no use sitting down. Despite the many guest singers and rappers on the album, USA Today noticed that Rye Rye never gives up center stage. Charley Rogulewski of AOL's The Boom Box called the album a "pop experiment", likening the production and sweet yet fast-paced vocals to Nicki Minaj's Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded and Santigold's 2008 debut album.
Sarah Godfrey of The Washington Post noted that Rye Rye "has moved away from the unadulterated Baltimore club of her early collaborations with DJ Blaqstarr, but the city still flavors her music, as on the Pharrell-produced 'Shake Twist Drop,' which sounds like the Morgan State marching band battling kids playing a clapping game on a Baltimore stoop." Jody Rosen of Rolling Stone said the exclamation points in the album's title are no joke, claiming that the "unflagging energy lifts even the least of her material." AllMusic gave Go! Pop! Bang! three and a half stars out of five, lauding Rye Rye's enthusiastic debut's mixture of hip hop swagger with irresistible dance-floor beats.
Track listingNotes signifies an additional vocal producer
signifies a remixer and additional producerSample credits'''
"Boom Boom" contains elements of "Boom, Boom, Boom, Boom!!", written and performed by Vengaboys.
"Better than You" contains a sample of the recording "Anything You Can Do", written by Irving Berlin and performed by Ethel Merman and Ray Middleton.
"Never Will Be Mine" and its remix contain a sample of "Be Mine!" (live at The Cherrytree House), written by Robin Carlsson and Klas Åhlund, and performed by Robyn.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the digital deluxe edition of Go! Pop! Bang!''
Akon – vocals
Steve Angello – production
Arabian Prince – mixing
Yaneley Arty – management
Mac Attkisson – recording
BeatGeek – all instruments, instrument programming
Blaqstarr – production ; recording
Mike Bozzi – mastering
Christian Rich – production
Andrew Coleman – arrangement, digital editing, recording
Shondrae "Mr. Bangladesh" Crawford – production
Aaron Dahl – additional vocals recording ; mixing ; additional vocal production ; engineering ; recording
Egyptian Lover – production ; mixing
Carly Ellis – wardrobe
Chris Galland – mixing assistance
Brian Gardner – mastering
Jesus Garnica – mix assistance
Geo Slam – engineering, recording
Geoff Gibbs – engineering
Dana Goldstein – photography
Ben Gordon – A&R
Gene Grimaldi – single mastering
Hervé – mixing, production
Ghazi Hourani – mixing assistance ; assistant engineering
J.O.B – engineering, production
Jesse Jackson – recording
Jimmy Joker – all instruments, instrument programming
Jaycen Joshua – mixing
Chris Kasych – recording
Martin "Cherry Cherry Boom Boom" Kierszenbaum – backing vocals, keyboards, production ; A&R, executive production
Stephen Loveridge – art direction, design
M.I.A. – production ; vocals ; mixing, recording ; A&R, executive production
Erik Madrid – mixing assistance
MadV – production
Fabian Marascuillo – mixing
Manny Marroquin – mixing
Jaime Martinez – photography
Rudy "Mayru" Maya – production
Meeno – photography
Trevor Muzzy – engineering, guitars, recording, vocal editing
Ryan Origin – production
Robert Orton – mixing
The Neptunes – production
Play-N-Skillz – production
Porcelain Black – vocals
R3hab – additional production, remix
RedOne – production
Robyn – vocals
Jose "Hoza" Rodriguez – stylist
Sinden – production
Teddy Sky – backing vocals, recording, vocal editing
Nandi Smythe – management coordination
So Japan – production
Tyga – rap
Tony Ugval – engineering
Gary "Ski Live" Walker – recording
Halley Wollens – photography
Charts
References
2012 debut albums
Albums produced by Bangladesh (record producer)
Albums produced by Egyptian Lover
Albums produced by M.I.A. (rapper)
Albums produced by Martin Kierszenbaum
Albums produced by the Neptunes
Albums produced by RedOne
Interscope Records albums
The European Federation of Sports Medicine Associations or EFSMA is the main Europe-wide sports medicine organization.
History
Sports medicine, internationally, is represented by the Fédération Internationale de Medicine Sportive. It was founded in Portugal at a congress of the FIMS.
Structure
It is headquartered at the Maison du Sport International in Lausanne. There is also the European College of Sports and Exercise Physicians.
Function
Its official journal is the European Journal of Sports Medicine.
See also
British Journal of Sports Medicine (BJSM)
European Academy of Sciences and Arts
American College of Sports Medicine
References
External links
EFSMA
EFSMA 2017
European sports federations
International sports bodies based in Switzerland
International sports organizations
International medical associations of Europe
Sports medicine organizations
Medical and health organisations based in Switzerland
Organisations based in Lausanne
Scientific organizations established in 1997
Sports organizations established in 1997
is a private junior college in Chikugo, Fukuoka, Japan, established in 1970. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1965.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1965
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukuoka Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1965 establishments in Japan
SMS Rail Lines is a shortline railroad based at Pureland Industrial Park in Bridgeport, New Jersey. The company handles all freight car delivery to businesses located within the industrial park. It also operates lines in Morrisville, Pennsylvania, and Guilderland, New York. (Guilderland-based operations operate as SMS Rail Lines of New York, LLC ). SMS maintains many locomotives built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works. SMS provides chemical off-loading equipment and transload facilities to enable businesses to receive rail freight traffic.
Operations
In the Delaware Valley, SMS Rail Lines operates both industrial park switching operations and a county controlled rail line.
Morrisville – Serves the Penn Warner Industrial Park in Morrisville, Pennsylvania, with access to the Conrail Shared Assets Operations Morrisville Yard
Pureland – Serves the Pureland Industrial Complex in Logan Township, New Jersey, interchanging with Conrail Shared Assets Operations Penns Grove Secondary
Westville – Serves the Sunoco Logistics Eagle Point terminal in Westville, NJ, interchanging with Conrail Shared Assets Operations.
Salem - Serves the Salem County Short Line between Salem, New Jersey, Woodstown, New Jersey, and Swedesboro, New Jersey interchanging with Southern Railroad of New Jersey.
In Guilderland, New York, SMS Rail Lines of New York, LLC serves the Northeastern Industrial Park, interchanging with CSX Transportation at Guilderland Center, NY and Norfolk Southern at Delanson, NY.
History
SMS Rail Lines began operating in the Philadelphia area in June 1994. In November 2006, the railroad began operations in Albany, New York. The company plans to begin passenger excursions out of Pilesgrove Township, New Jersey by the end of 2022.
Motive power
SMS runs a variety of locomotives, most being built by the Baldwin Locomotive works. SMS also owns units built by GM's Electro-Motive Diesel and GE Transportation.
ALCO
0-6-0 steam (1), undergoing restoration.
Baldwin:
VO-660 diesel (2)
VO-1000 diesel (1)
DS-4-4-660 diesel (1)
DS-4-4-750 diesel (1)
DS-4-4-1000 diesel (2)
S-12 diesel (14)
AS-616 diesel (3)
EMD:
SW14 diesel (1)
SW1200RS diesel (1)
GP38-3 diesel (1)
GE:
B23-7 diesel (4)
References
New Jersey railroads
New York (state) railroads
Pennsylvania railroads
Railway companies established in 1994
1994 establishments in Pennsylvania
1994 establishments in New Jersey
2006 establishments in New York (state)
American companies established in 1994
Companies operating former Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines lines
Edward Charles Roach (1909–1997), was an Australian trade unionist, long-time leader of the Waterside Workers' Federation (WWF) and prominent member of the Communist Party of Australia. He was a key organiser of the 1938 Dalfram dispute, when dockworkers, concerned with the occupation of China, refused to load ships destined for Japan with Australian pig-iron, a raw material for munitions. He was twice imprisoned for his industrial activity. As a leader in the WWF during the introduction of containerisation, he was responsible for winning significant improvements in working conditions for those in the Australian stevedoring industry.
Early life
Roach was born in poverty in Coledale, on the South Coast of New South Wales in 1909, the third of eight children, to a coal-mining father and housewife mother. The political background of the area is covered by Joseph Davis in "Wobbly Wollongong: anti-capitalist attitudes and activism in the Northern Ilawarra Mining Townships of Scarborough and Coledale 1914-1919". Two of his siblings died as babies. He left school at 13 to mine coal in Newcastle.
With the onset of the Great Depression, Roach traveled through northern New South Wales and Queensland seeking work. In 1931, in Mackay he became a member of the Communist Party and became local branch secretary of the Unemployed Workers' Movement.
Waterside Workers' Federation
Returning to New South Wales in the mid-1930s, he joined the Newcastle Branch of the Waterside Workers' Federation (WWF) in 1934. In 1936, he moved to the South Coast Branch, which covered Port Kembla. He was elected Branch Secretary in March 1938 on a platform of agitating for significant improvements in working conditions at the Port. The branch was successful in securing the first union-controlled employment roster in an Australian port.
The growing strength of the local branch was exemplified in the Dalfram dispute of November that same year. Citing the Japanese invasion of China, the union refused to load pig-iron ore aboard a ship, the Dalfram, that was destined for a munitions factory in Japan. The dispute drew the attention of the Attorney-General, Robert Menzies (future Prime Minister), who would earn the nick-name "Pig-Iron Bob" that would stand for the rest of his life for his attempts to force the union to cease the industrial action.
During World War Two, Roach was able to consolidate the gains made in Port Kembla and extend these to other ports. He helped bring back the Permanent and Casual Wharf Labourers' Union which had split from the union in 1917. In 1942 he was elected Assistant General Secretary-Organiser.
In 1949 during the miners' strike, he was held in contempt for using trade union resources to support the miners sent to gaol for six weeks. In 1951, as part of the WWF agitation over the Commonwealth Arbitration Court's considerations of adjustments to the minimum wage in Australia, Roach was found in contempt of court and spent nine and a half months in gaol.
The only full biography of Ted Roach is the 2021 publication "Ted Roach – From Pig Iron Hero To Long Bay Gaol: A Wharfie's Life" by Denis Kevans, .
Later life
Roach died in on 25 February 1997, three weeks after his wife.
References
1909 births
1997 deaths
Australian trade unionists
Communist Party of Australia members
Jeanne Dambendzet (born 1 August 1943) is a Congolese politician. She served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville from 1989 to 1991 and again from 1997 to 2009. Since 2009 she has been the First Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council, a state institution. She is a member of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) and has been National Executive Secretary of the Women's Organization of Congo, the PCT's women's organization, since 2013.
Background and early political career
Dambendzet was born in Franceville, located in southeastern Gabon. She is related to President Denis Sassou Nguesso (he is her mother's first cousin) and the two have known each other since they were children. She became a teacher and was an activist within the teachers' union; she was also a founder of the Revolutionary Union of Congolese Women (URFC). From 1977 to 1980, she was a URFC delegate to the Women's International Democratic Federation; subsequently, she was the Women's International Democratic Federation's Permanent Representative to UNESCO from 1980 to 1984.
At the PCT's Third Ordinary Congress, held on 27–31 July 1984, Dambendzet was elected to the 75-member PCT Central Committee. She was also assigned to head the studies and research division of the PCT. On 13 August 1989, she was appointed to the Congolese government as Minister of Labour and Social Security, holding that post until the PCT regime ended in 1991.
Political career since the early 1990s
Dambendzet remained loyal to Sassou Nguesso during the presidency of Pascal Lissouba (1992–1997) and worked actively on his behalf during the June–October 1997 civil war. After the victory of Sassou Nguesso's forces, Dambendzet was again appointed to the government as Minister of the Civil Service and Administrative Reform on 2 November 1997; her portfolio was expanded to include the advancement of women on 12 January 1999. In the May 2002 parliamentary election, Dambendzet was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Ngoko constituency, located in Cuvette Region; she received 55.43% of the vote and won the seat in the first round. Following the election, she was moved to the post of Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Fisheries, and the Advancement of Women on 18 August 2002; she remained in that position in the government named on 7 January 2005, although her portfolio was reduced to agriculture, animal husbandry, and fisheries. Her portfolio was further reduced to agriculture and animal husbandry on 3 March 2007.
In the 2007 parliamentary election, Dambendzet was again elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Ngoko; she won the seat in the first round with 67.58% of the vote. She was subsequently moved to the post of Minister of Trade, Consumption, and Supplies on 30 December 2007.
Dambendzet distributed tables to traders and vendors at the Bourreau market in Brazzaville on 22 August 2009. She explained that one of her ministry's tasks was the modernization of markets and that the selling of goods off the ground was a public health problem. According to Dambendzet, more tables would be distributed at other markets to help the markets meet basic standards of public health.
Dambendzet was dismissed from the government on 15 September 2009 and was then appointed by Sassou Nguesso as First Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council on 18 September 2009. She met with Claudine Munari, her successor as Minister of Trade, on 24 September to discuss issues facing the ministry, especially Economic Partnership Agreements with the European Union. She also discussed internal trade issues, such as rising food prices. Munari said that she would continue to consult with Dambendzet when needed.
As First Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council, Dambendzet met with Florent Ntsiba, the Minister of Labour and Social Security, on 13 November 2009 to discuss greater cooperation between the Council and the government on policies, including those related to employment, training, wages, and pensions. She said that the Council would communicate the concerns and desires of the people to relevant ministries.
At the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress, held in July 2011, Dambendzet was elected to the PCT's 51-member Political Bureau.
In August 2013, at the constitutive congress of the Women's Organization of Congo (OFC), the PCT's newly created women's organization, Dambendzet was designated as the OFC's National Executive Secretary.
During the campaign for the September 2014 local elections, Dambendzet was dispatched to Cuvette Department to campaign for the PCT's candidates there.
References
1943 births
Living people
Members of the National Assembly (Republic of the Congo)
Government ministers of the Republic of the Congo
Permanent Delegates of the Republic of the Congo to UNESCO
Women government ministers of the Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo women diplomats
Women ambassadors
is a railway station in Saka, Aki District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It is located east of Kanawajima Island.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1903
Maglenik Heights (, ‘Maglenishki Vazvisheniya' \'m&-gle-nish-ki v&-zvi-'she-ni-ya\) are the heights rising to 2752 m at Mount Gozur and including also Roberts Peak, Chapman Peak, Ichera Peak, Voysil Peak, Zimornitsa Peak and Mirovyane Peak in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, extending 26 km in north–south direction and 20 km in east–west direction. They are bounded by Ellen Glacier to the south and west, Embree Glacier and Kopsis Glacier to the north, and Rutford Ice Stream and Arapya Glacier to the east, and linked to Bangey Heights to the northwest by Panicheri Gap, and to Barnes Ridge to the east by Dropla Gap.
The heights are named after Maglenik Ridge in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Maglenik Heights are centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Geographical features include:
Arapya Glacier
Barnes Ridge
Chapman Peak
Dropla Gap
Ellen Glacier
Embree Glacier
Ichera Peak
Kopsis Glacier
Mirovyane Peak
Mount Gozur
Panicheri Gap
Roberts Peak
Voysil Peak
Young Glacier
Zimornitsa Peak
Rutford Ice Stream
Notes
References
Maglenik Heights. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Maglenik Heights. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Chakhdikna (; Kaitag: Чӏаӏхӏдикӏна; Dargwa: ЧяхӀдикӀна) is a rural locality (a selo) in Akhmedkentsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 217 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Chakhdikna is located 11 km northwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Surkhachi and Kudagu are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
was a Japanese business executive.
Early life
Born on 29 December 1943 in Mie Prefecture, Nishida earned a bachelor's degree from Waseda University and completed graduate work at the University of Tokyo. He married an Iranian woman shortly after concluding his studies in 1970.
Career
Nishida was still based in Iran when he was first hired by Toshiba in 1975. Nishida pushed Toshiba to invest in and develop laptop computers in the 1980s, and by 1984 was named a general manager, responsible for personal computer sales at Toshiba Europe. The next year, Nishida's efforts resulted in the release of the Toshiba T1100. Nishida later returned to Japan and assumed increasing responsibility over Toshiba's laptop division.
Nishida was named president of Toshiba America Information Systems in April 1992, and left the post in 1995, only to return in 1997. During the early 2000s, he continued to take on senior management roles. Nishida became president of the company in 2005. During his tenure, Toshiba acquired the Westinghouse Electric Corporation in 2006 for US$5.4 billion and ended the development of the HD DVD in 2008. Nishida was succeeded by Norio Sasaki as president of Toshiba in 2009. Nishida became company chairman, a role he held until 2013.
In 2015, an investigation was launched into profit inflation that took place under company presidents Nishida, Sasaki and Hisao Tanaka. After the probe's findings were reported, Nishida left his position as adviser to the company. Subsequently, Toshiba sued Nishida, Sasaki, and Tanaka for US$28.2 million.
Death
Nishida died of a heart attack at Toshiba General Hospital in Tokyo on 8 December 2017, aged 73.
References
1943 births
2017 deaths
University of Tokyo alumni
Waseda University alumni
Toshiba people
Japanese business executives
20th-century Japanese businesspeople
21st-century Japanese businesspeople
People from Mie Prefecture
Jan Vreman (born 17 September 1965) is a Dutch football manager and former player, who most recently managed Dutch football club De Graafschap.
Playing career
Vreman spent his entire playing career with Dutch football club De Graafschap. His stay with the club earned him the nickname Mister De Graafschap.
Managerial career
On 3 January 2014, Vreman became interim manager of De Graafschap as a replacement for Pieter Huistra. On 25 March 2014, De Graafschap appointed Vreman as their permanent manager.
In his first full season in charge, Vreman guided De Graafschap to promotion to the Eredivisie after beating Almere City, Go Ahead Eagles and FC Volendam in the promotion/relegation play-offs.
References
1965 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
De Graafschap players
Eerste Divisie players
Eredivisie players
Association football defenders
Dutch football managers
De Graafschap managers
Eredivisie managers
Eerste Divisie managers
People from Winterswijk
Footballers from Gelderland
De Graafschap non-playing staff
The 1961 National Football League draft took place at the Warwick Hotel in Philadelphia on December 27–28, 1960. The league would later hold an expansion draft for the Minnesota Vikings expansion franchise. This draft was also the first regular draft for the Dallas Cowboys as they had only participated in the 1960 NFL expansion draft that year.
The Cowboys held the worst record in the NFL the previous season, but selected second in this draft because the expansion Vikings were awarded the first overall pick. The Vikings used that pick to select running back Tommy Mason.
Player selections
Round one
HOF Member of the Professional Football Hall of Fame
Round two
Round three
Round four
Round five
Round six
Round seven
Round eight
Round nine
Round ten
Round eleven
Round twelve
Round thirteen
Round fourteen
Round fifteen
Round sixteen
Round seventeen
Round eighteen
Round nineteen
Round twenty
Hall of Famers
Herb Adderley, running back from Michigan State taken 1st round 14th overall by the Green Bay Packers.
Inducted: Professional Football Hall of Fame class of 1980.
Bob Lilly, tackle from Texas Christian University taken 1st round 13th overall by the Dallas Cowboys.
Inducted: Professional Football Hall of Fame class of 1980,
David "Deacon" Jones, defensive end from South Carolina State taken 14th round 186th overall by the Los Angeles Rams.
Inducted: Professional Football Hall of Fame class of 1980.
Fran Tarkenton, quarterback from Georgia taken 3rd round 29th overall by the Minnesota Vikings.
Inducted: Professional Football Hall of Fame class of 1986.
Mike Ditka, tight end from the University of Pittsburgh taken 1st round 5th overall by the Chicago Bears.
Inducted: Professional Football Hall of Fame class of 1988.
James Earl "Jimmy" Johnson, running back from UCLA taken 1st round 6th overall by the San Francisco 49ers.
Inducted: Professional Football Hall of Fame class of 1994.
Billy Shaw, offensive guard from Georgia Tech taken 14th round 184th overall by the Dallas Cowboys, signed by the Buffalo Bills of the AFL.
Inducted: Pro Football Hall of Fame class of 1999.
Notable undrafted players
See also
1961 American Football League Draft
References
External links
NFL.com – 1961 Draft
databaseFootball.com – 1961 Draft
Pro Football Hall of Fame
National Football League Draft
Draft
NFL Draft
The Mall at Millenia (commonly called The Millenia Mall or Millenia) is an indoor shopping mall located in Orlando, Florida just off of Interstate 4 (exit 78) at Conroy Road near the northern end of International Drive. Opened in 2002, it has over 150 stores, and is anchored by Macy's, Bloomingdale's, and Neiman Marcus, whose store at the mall is similar to the one at International Plaza and Bay Street in Tampa, Florida. The GLA is 1,118,000 ft2 (103,866 m2). The Mall at Millenia is the major upscale shopping destination in the Orlando area, attracting tourists desiring luxury stores including international tourists from Europe, Brazil, China, and Russia.
The mall's Macy's store was the first in Central Florida, and it was also one of only seven Macy's stores in Florida that predated the company's merger with Burdines. Bloomingdale's and Neiman Marcus are also regional firsts and these remain their only locations in the Orlando area.
History
The Mall at Millenia opened in 2002 with the current anchors.
The Mall is owned by The Forbes Company which also owns The Gardens Mall and the larger Somerset Collection, in Troy, Michigan. The Somerset Collection was used as a model for the Mall at Millenia. Like Somerset, the Mall at Millenia was designed by JPRA Architects and features award-winning lighting by Paul Gregory (Focus Lighting), glass elevators, and fountains. Neither mall has kiosks.
When the mall first opened, there was not much else in the surrounding area. That has changed in the last five years and the area in which the mall is located in now locally known as "Millenia." The area, particularly the Mall, has become a major draw for business and tourists alike. There are now apartment and condo buildings, single family homes, and corporate office buildings surrounding the mall.
Transportation and parking
The mall is serviced by Lynx buses (links) 24 and 40. Taxi service and valet parking are available at the main entrance of the mall. Free parking surrounds the mall and is divided into sections with alphanumeric signage. Security vehicles monitor the mall area 24 hours a day.
Notes and references
External links
The Mall at Millenia website
Buildings and structures in Orlando, Florida
Shopping malls in Florida
Taubman Centers
Tourist attractions in Orlando, Florida
Shopping malls established in 2002
2002 establishments in Florida
The superciliated wren (Cantorchilus superciliaris) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The superciliated wren has sometimes been treated as conspecific with the buff-breasted wren (C. leucotis) but they differ in vocalizations and ecology. It has two subspecies, the nominate C. s. superciliaris and C. s. baroni.
Description
The superciliated wren is long. Adults of the nominate subspecies have a dark grayish brown crown, rufous-brown shoulders and back becoming redder on the rump. The tail is reddish brown with black bars. They have a prominent white supercilium, a dark brown stripe through the eye, and buffy-white cheeks. Their chin and throat are pale buffy white that darkens to the lower chest and the flanks are buffy gray. Juveniles are similar but a cooler brown in the uppersides. C. s. baroni has a more tawny lower back and rump.
Distribution and habitat
The nominate superciliated wren is found in western Ecuador from Manabí Province south to Guayas Province. C. s. baroni is found from southern Ecuador's El Oro and Loja Provinces south to the departments of Ancash and Lima in west central Peru. The species primarily inhabits dry woodland, scrub, and brushland though it is also found in more humid woodland. In elevation it mostly ranges from sea level to but can be found as high as .
Behavior
Feeding
The superciliated wren forages in vegetation on and near the ground, usually in pairs. Its primary food appears to be insects.
Breeding
The superciliated wren's breeding period is not well known; at a minimum it includes January and February in Peru. Its nest is rather flimsy and shaped like a flask. Pairs build several nests but use only one for breeding; it is lined with soft material. Nests are typically placed above ground in a bush or tree. Two or three eggs are laid. Nests are frequently parasitized by shiny cowbirds (Molothrus bonariensis).
Vocalization
Both sexes of the superciliated wren are thought to sing "a series of short repeated phrases of 2 or 3 notes" with sometimes a trill added.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the superciliated wren as being of The Least Concern. It is common in at least parts of its range and appears "able to tolerate moderately disturbed habitat."
References
superciliated wren
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
superciliated wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pressig is a municipality in the district of Kronach, administrative region Upper Franconia, in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kronach (district)
The Fernie Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Jurassic age. It is present in the western part of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in western Alberta and northeastern British Columbia. It takes its name from the town of Fernie, British Columbia, and was first defined by W.W. Leach in 1914.
Depositional history
The Fernie Formation consists of marine sediments that were deposited in the Sundance Sea. Deposition took place throughout most of the Jurassic period, starting during the Hettangian stage in some parts of northeastern British Columbia and continuing until the mid-Tithonian, as determined from its fossil assemblages, including ammonites, molluscs and microfossils.
The sediments were sourced from the east during the deposition of the lower and middle units of the Fernie, where the coarser facies occur in the eastern part of the formation. In the uppermost Fernie, the coarsest material is found in the west, however, indicating a shift to sources in the west and south.
Lithology
The Fernie Formation is composed primarily of brown and dark gray to black shales that range from massive with conchoidal fracture to laminated and highly fractured or papery. Phosphatic sandstone and limestone, including cherty limestone, occur locally in the lower parts of the formation; siltstone, sandstone, coquinas and oolitic limestone interbeds can occur in the center; glauconitic sandstone and siltstone can be present in the upper parts.
Distribution
The Fernie Formation reaches a maximum thickness of near Mount Allan in Alberta, and typically is about 70 to 150m (230 to 492 ft) thick. It thins toward the east, disappearing at about the longitude of Calgary. The formation is exposed in outcrops in the Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia, in the foothills and front ranges of the Canadian Rockies in southwestern Alberta, and as far north as the Peace River Country in northeastern British Columbia.
Relationship to other units
The Fernie Formation is conformably overlain by the Morrissey Formation in the south, by the Nikanassin Formation in central Alberta and by the Monteith Formation in northeastern British Columbia. It rests disconformably on Triassic units in the west, and unconformably on upper Paleozoic units such as the Schooler Creek Group and the Montney Formation farther east.
Subdivisions
The Fernie Formation has the following subdivisions from top to base:
See also
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Alberta
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in British Columbia
Toarcian turnover
Toarcian formations
Marne di Monte Serrone, Italy
Calcare di Sogno, Italy
Sachrang Formation, Austria
Posidonia Shale, Lagerstätte in Germany
Ciechocinek Formation, Germany and Poland
Krempachy Marl Formation, Poland and Slovakia
Lava Formation, Lithuania
Azilal Group, North Africa
Whitby Mudstone, England
Whiteaves Formation, British Columbia
Navajo Sandstone, Utah
Los Molles Formation, Argentina
Mawson Formation, Antarctica
Kandreho Formation, Madagascar
Kota Formation, India
Cattamarra Coal Measures, Australia
References
Stratigraphy of Alberta
Stratigraphy of British Columbia
Jurassic System of North America
Jurassic Alberta
Jurassic British Columbia
Hettangian Stage
Sinemurian Stage
Pliensbachian Stage
Toarcian Stage
Aalenian Stage
Callovian Stage
Bathonian Stage
Bajocian Stage
Oxfordian Stage
Kimmeridgian Stage
Tithonian Stage
Shale formations
Sandstone formations
Open marine deposits
Shallow marine deposits
Beach deposits
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of North America
Paleontology in Alberta
Paleontology in British Columbia
Cherry picking, in basketball and certain other sports, refers to play where one player (the cherry picker) does not play defense with the rest of the team but remains near the opponents' goal.
If the opponents do not designate a player to stay near the cherry picker, they will have a 5-on-4 advantage as they try to score, but if the defense steals the ball, it could make a long pass to the cherry picker for an uncontested basket. Acquiring the ball by a violation or foul, or after a made basket, the cherry picker is less relevant, as the opponents have more time to put their own defense in place.
Disapproval of cherry picking stems from the fact that the cherry picker is not playing the "complete" game and accumulates statistics for points scored that exaggerate the player's prowess.
Legality
Cherry picking is uncommon but legal in organized basketball. In some amateur leagues, cherry picking—defined as a defender remaining in the opponents' backcourt after the opponents have advanced the ball to their forecourt—is a violation, penalized by loss of possession and of any resulting points.
Methods
The cherry picker may "camp out", remaining on the player's offensive end to wait for a teammate to obtain the ball and pass it to the cherry picker for a shot before the defense can get back (as is also the case in the fast break).
Another method is "bolting" or "breaking" toward the other goal the moment the opponents launch a shot, without waiting to see the outcome of the shot. If the shot fails and the defense gets the rebound, the cherry picker can be positioned to receive a long pass and take an unguarded shot. Even after a made shot, the team that was on defense may signal for one or more players to run toward the other basket so as to enable one or more passes toward the goal before the opponents can set up their defense.
Other uses
Cherry picking is also a strategy in videogames that simulate basketball.
Analogs to cherry picking exist in other sports:
Cherry picking in water polo is called "sea-gulling". Similar to the strategy in basketball, a swimmer of the defensive team remains on his or her offensive end and awaits a pass once teammates regain the ball.
Cherry picking violates the offside rule of association football. In indoor football in many European countries, a rule named "Man over the line" prevents any player crossing the middle of the court, apparently to encourage more play in attack. In Britain, staying near the goal is informally called "goal hanging".
Ice hockey also has an offside rule that prevents cherry picking, but "loafing" just outside the opponents' blue line can lead to breakaways if the loafer's opponent is unaware of it.
The term also refers to "picking" a rebound above the rim, a practice that may be a goaltending violation.
References
Basketball terminology
Springfield Central is a suburb in the City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. In the , Springfield Central had a population of 114 people. It is the designated business district of Greater Springfield.
Geography
The Centenary Highway forms the northern boundary of the suburb. Despite its name, the Springfield Central railway station is immediately to the north of the highway and hence in the neighbouring suburb of Brookwater. The Robelle Domain is a parkland in the northern half of Springfield Central incorporating artificial lakes and waterways, landscaped gardens and cycle and pedestrian paths.
History
Springfield Central State School and Springfield Central State High School both opened on 1 January 2011.
At the the suburb recorded a population of 105.
Central business district
The suburb is the commercial, retail, educational, health and infrastructure hub of the Greater Springfield Development. It contains the Orion Springfield Central shopping centre which is home to almost 200 retailers, the Springfield Central railway station, office buildings, a large city parkland called Robelle Domain and water playground called Orion Lagoon, and the Mater Private Hospital Springfield.
Springfield Central is also home to various education and training institutions including a campus of the University of Southern Queensland and TAFE Queensland, the Union Institute of Language, Peter McMahon's Swim Factory, several private secondary institutions including St Peters Lutheran College Springfield and numerous public schools including Springfield Central State School and Springfield Central State High School, both of which were established in 2011.
Robelle Domain covers 24 ha and includes boardwalks, walking and cycle tracks, sports fields, playgrounds, a children's water park, stage and amphitheatre, swimming lagoon and cafes. The Mater Private Hospital will initially be able to support 80-beds and is designed to expand as demand increases.
Springfield Central also hosts numerous commercial retailers including Bunnings, BCF and Event Cinemas with a Timezone arcade set to open in 2020.
Amenities
The Ipswich City Council previously operated a fortnightly mobile library service which visited Orion Springfield Central (opposite the lagoon). With the development of the Springfield Central Library, this has since been removed.
A new $44 million multi-storey car park project is in development adjacent to Springfield Central Station and is set to increase the commuter car park capacity to 1100.
Aveo Springfield opened its first two buildings in 2018 providing 86 living spaces for elderly residents. At completion, the community is expected to host more than 2500 living spaces. In 2019, the $56 million Springfield Central Sports Complex was opened to the public. The sporting precinct features sixteen netball courts, eight tennis courts, four multi-purpose sporting fields, canteen amenities and playground.
The Reserve, Springfield is an Australian rules football venue, currently under construction and expected to be completed in mid-to-late 2021. Once completed, the venue is expected to provide seating for 10,000 patrons and will host the Brisbane Lions AFL Women's Team.
In October 2019, the previous Springfield Central Tavern site was replaced by the Springfield Brewery, Bar & Kitchen, owned by Salisbury-based craft beer brewery Ballistic Beer Co.The craft micro-brewery also produces a European style pilsner, the Springfield Pilsner, named after their location.
Education
Springfield Central State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 257 Grande Avenue (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 769 students with 49 teachers (45 full-time equivalent) and 28 non-teaching staff (19 full-time equivalent).
Springfield Central State High School is a government secondary (7-12) school for boys and girls at 90 Parkland Drive (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 1410 students with 101 teachers (97 full-time equivalent) and 45 non-teaching staff (36 full-time equivalent). It includes a special education program at 70 Parkland Drive ().
The Springfield campus of St Peters Lutheran College is a private primary and secondary (Prep-12) school for boys and girls at 42 Wellness Way (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 522 students with 39 teachers (37 full-time equivalent) and 23 non-teaching staff (13 full-time equivalent).
References
External links
Suburbs of Ipswich, Queensland
The Minisink or (more recently) Minisink Valley is a loosely defined geographic region of the Upper Delaware River valley in northwestern New Jersey (Sussex and Warren counties), northeastern Pennsylvania (Pike and Monroe counties) and New York (Orange and Sullivan counties).
The name was derived by Dutch colonists from the Munsee name for the area, as bands of their people took names after geographic places which they inhabited as territory throughout the mid-Atlantic area. Originally inhabited by Munsee, the northern branch of the Lenape or Delaware Indians, the area's first European settlers arrived in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries and were Dutch and French Huguenot families from colonial New York's Hudson River Valley. The term "Minisink" is not used often today. It is preserved because of its historical relevance concerning the early European settlement of the region during the American colonial period and as an artifact of the early "first contact" between Native Americans and early European explorers, traders and missionaries in the seventeenth century.
Much of the historical Minisink region has been incorporated into the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area after defeat of a controversial dam project proposed to be built by U.S. Army Corps of Engineers on the Delaware River near Tocks Island.
Meaning of the name "Minisink"
The name Minisink comes from the Munsee dialect of Lenape, a group of similar Algonquian dialects that were spoken by the various groups of Lenape, Lenni Lenape, or Delaware Indians who inhabited the region before European colonization. Minisink means "at the island" from the Algonquin root word minis, meaning island.
During the colonial period, the Minisink was also an area of significant skirmishes and raids between British and French-allied forces in the French and Indian War (the North American front of the Seven Years' War). In response to attacks by larger forces of Delaware, Benjamin Franklin ordered the construction of a series of forts along the Pennsylvanian side of the Delaware River. These forts included Fort Hyndshaw, Fort Dupuy, Fort Norris, and Fort Hamilton, among others.
Earlier historians posited that Minisink meant "people of the stony country" or "where the stones are gathered together." However, Smithsonian linguist Ives Goddard states that any of the attempts to derive either Minisink or Munsee from words meaning "stone" or "mountain," as proposed by these writers (including Lenape scholar Daniel G. Brinton), are incorrect.
Geology and geography
Defining the Minisink area
The Minisink has never been known as a region with distinct, set boundaries. It generally has been conceived as the valley of the Delaware River going northward from the Delaware Water Gap and including the valley of the Neversink River (a tributary entering the Delaware near Port Jervis, New York). According to Vosburgh, "The 'Minisink county' consists of the valley of the Neversink west of the Shawangunk Mountains, and the Delaware valley, as far as the Delaware Water Gap." Some sources imply that it was confined to the width of valley of the Delaware and its surrounding hillsides.
Other sources define the region as an area extending for 20–30 miles to the east and west of the river. This latter definition would include parts or all of the Kittatinny Valley to the east of Kittatinny Mountain in New Jersey, and westward deep into northeastern Pennsylvania. East of the Shawangunk ridge, in New York are the Town of Greenville and the Town of Minisink, both often included as part of the Minisink region. Their residents attend Minisink Valley Central School District.
Course of the Delaware River
The Delaware River was often referred to as the Minisink River in early Dutch colonial documents and on early maps. The Delaware River constitutes part of the boundary between Pennsylvania and New York, and the entire boundary between New Jersey and Pennsylvania. The middle section of the Delaware River's course, roughly between Port Jervis, New York and the Delaware Water Gap (a break in Kittatinny Mountain where the river runs through) constitutes the north and southern points of the Minisink or Minisink Valley. The river flows down a broad Appalachian valley. The Minisink is a buried valley, where the Delaware flows in a bed of glacial till that buried the eroded bedrock during the last glacial period.
At Port Jervis, New York, the river enters the Port Jervis trough. At this point, the Walpack Ridge deflects the Delaware into the Minisink Valley. It follows the southwest strike of the eroded Marcellus Formation beds along the Pennsylvania–New Jersey state line for to the end of the ridge at Walpack Bend in Walpack Township, New Jersey in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. It skirts the Kittatinny ridge, which it crosses at the Delaware Water Gap, between nearly vertical walls of sandstone, quartzite, and conglomerate.
Appalachian Mountains
The features of the Ridge and Valley province were created approximately 300–400 million years ago during the Ordovician period and Appalachian orogeny—a period of tremendous pressure and rock thrusting that caused the creation of the Appalachian Mountains. This physiographic province occupies approximately two-thirds of the county's area—the county's western and central sections. Its contour is characterized by long, even ridges with long, continuous valleys in between that generally run parallel from southwest to northeast. This region is largely formed by sedimentary rock.
Kittatinny Mountain is the dominant geological feature in the parts of the Minisink located within New Jersey. It is part of the Appalachian Mountains, and part of a ridge that continues as the Blue Ridge or Blue Mountain in Eastern Pennsylvania, and as Shawangunk Ridge in New York. It begins in New Jersey as the eastern half of the Delaware Water Gap, and runs northeast to southwest along the Delaware River. Elevations range from 1,200 to 1,800 feet and attains a maximum elevation of 1,803 feet at High Point, in Montague Township. Between Kittatinny Mountain and the Delaware River is the Walpack Ridge, with elevations of 500 to 800 feet. It is a smaller ridge that parallels Kittatinny Mountain between the Walpack Bend and Port Jervis, New York, and encloses the watershed of the Flat Brook which is also called Walpack Valley.
The Kittatinny Valley lies to the east of Kittatinny Mountain and ends with the Highlands in the east. It is largely a region of rolling hills and flat valley floors. Elevations in this valley range from 400 to 1,000 feet. It is part of the Great Appalachian Valley running from eastern Canada to northern Alabama. This valley is shared by three major watersheds—the Wallkill River, with its tributaries Pochuck Creek and Papakating Creek flowing north; and the Paulins Kill watershed and Pequest River watershed flowing southwest.
Kittatinny's valley floor is part of the Ordovician Martinsburg Formation (shale and slate) which make up most of the valley—and the Jacksonburg Formation (mostly limestone). The mountain is of the Silurian Shawangunk Conglomerate which is mainly composed of quartz. Due to the hardness of the quartz, the mountain is extremely resistant to weathering.
History
The Lenape and other cultures
This area was occupied for thousands of years by succeeding cultures of indigenous peoples. At the time of European encounter, the historic Lenape ( or ), a Native American people, also called Delaware Indians after their historic territory along the Delaware River, inhabited the mid-Atlantic coastal areas and inland along the Hudson and Delaware rivers. As a result of disruption following the French and Indian War (1756–1763) the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783) and later Indian removals from the eastern United States, the main groups now live in Ontario (Canada), and Wisconsin and Oklahoma in the United States. In Canada, they are enrolled in the Munsee-Delaware Nation, the Moravian of the Thames First Nation, and the Delaware of Six Nations. In the United States, they are enrolled in three federally recognized tribes, the Delaware Nation and the Delaware Tribe of Indians located in Oklahoma, and the Stockbridge-Munsee Community, located in Wisconsin. The Ramapough Mountain Indians and the Nanticoke Lenni-Lenape, recognized as tribes by the state of New Jersey, identify as Lenape descendants.
Settlement by Dutch and Huguenot families
Condemnation
The Delaware River is prone to floods—some resulting from seasonal snow melt or rain run-off from heavy rainstorms. However, record flooding occurred in August 1955 in the aftermath of two separate hurricanes (Hurricane Connie and Hurricane Diane) that passed over the area within the span of one week. On 19 August 1955, the river gauge at Riegelsville, Pennsylvania recorded that the Delaware River reached a crest of 38.85 feet (11.84 m) above flood stage.
A project to dam the river near Tocks Island was in the works before the 1955 floods. But several deaths and severe damages resulting from these floods brought the issue of flood control to the national level. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers proposed the construction of the dam which would have created a 37-mile (60-km) long lake between Pennsylvania and New Jersey, with depths of up to 140 feet. The area around the lake would be established as the Tocks Island National Recreation Area under the oversight of the National Park Service to offer recreation activities such as hunting, hiking, fishing, and boating. In addition to flood control and recreation, the dam would be used to generate hydroelectric power, and provide a clean water supply to New York City and Philadelphia.
Starting in 1960, the present day area of the Recreation Area was acquired for the Army Corps of Engineers through eminent domain. Approximately 15,000 people were displaced by the condemnation of personal property along the Delaware River and the surrounding area through eminent domain. An estimated 3,000 to 5,000 dwellings and outbuildings were demolished in preparation for the dam project and subsequent flooding of the valley. This included many irreplaceable historical sites and structures connected with the valley's colonial and Native American heritage. The plan was embroiled in controversy and protest by environmental groups and embittered displaced residents. Because of considerable opposition from environmental activists, the unavailability of government funding, and a geological assessment of the dam's safety given its location near active fault lines, the federal government transferred the property to the National Park Service in 1978 and the project's land holdings were reorganized to create the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area.
See also
Brau Kettle
Minisink Archaeological Site
References
External links
Minisink Valley Historical Society website (www.minisink.org)
"Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area", National Park Service
Delaware River
Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area
Sussex County, New Jersey
Warren County, New Jersey
Orange County, New York
Sullivan County, New York
Pike County, Pennsylvania
Northampton County, Pennsylvania
New Netherland
Shimri is the second album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen, recorded in 1976 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Jim Todd awarded the album 2½ stars stating: "On Shimri, musical release floats in suspension, grooves are coyly offered then withdrawn, swing is used sparingly, subtly, making only an occasional splash in the ripples of intimate conversation among the members of Arlid Andersen's outstanding quartet".
Track listing
All compositions by Arild Andersen except as indicated
"Shimri" - 5:55
"No Tears" - 9:27
"Ways of Days" - 4:47
"Wood Song" (Arild Andersen, Juhani Aaltonen, Lars Jansson, Pål Thowsen) - 6:02
"Vaggvisa för Hanna" (Jansson) - 3:46
"Dedication" - 11:43
Recorded at Talent Studios in Oslo, Norway in October 1976
Personnel
Arild Andersen - bass
Juhani Aaltonen - tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone, flute, percussion
Lars Jansson - piano
Pål Thowsen - drums
References
ECM Records albums
Arild Andersen albums
1977 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
is a train station in Yamaguchi, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1924
Druimdrishaig is a hamlet in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, on the shore of Loch Caolisport.
References
Geography of Argyll and Bute
The Fatwa Council of the United Arab Emirates is a government body authorized in 2017 and established in 2018 which is responsible for licensing Islamic authorities to issue fatwas. According to a government press release, "the Council will ensure that religious scholars advocate moderate Islam and eliminate any source of conflict among existing and future fatwa".
References
Government of the United Arab Emirates
Several vessels have been named Tom:
was launched in 1771 in Britain. Between 1778 and 1792 she was a West Indiaman, trading between Lancaster and Jamaica, St Lucia, and Grenada. New owners in 1792 sailed Tom as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. She was condemned in 1794 at Barbados after having delivered the slaves she had acquired in the Cameroons.
(or Toms) was launched in 1780 in America, possibly under another name. She first appeared in British records in 1792. From 1792 Tom participated as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. She made two complete voyages from Liverpool. French frigates captured her in 1794 before she could acquire any slaves.
was launched at Whitby in 1798 as a West Indiaman. New owners in 1802 resulted in Tom becoming a whaler in the southern whale fishery. The Spanish seized her in 1805 off Peru.
Ship names
The 49th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1967 Nova Scotia general election, the 48th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 49th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1970 Nova Scotia general election, the 49th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 50th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 27th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The President of the National Assembly of the Republic of the Congo is the presiding officer of the lower chamber of the legislature of Republic of the Congo.
References
Official website
National Assembly
Republic of the Congo, National Assembly
1958 establishments in the Republic of the Congo
Women in Love (1920) is a novel by English author D. H. Lawrence. It is a sequel to his earlier novel The Rainbow (1915) and follows the continuing loves and lives of the Brangwen sisters, Gudrun and Ursula. Gudrun Brangwen, an artist, pursues a destructive relationship with Gerald Crich, an industrialist. Lawrence contrasts this pair with the love that develops between Ursula Brangwen and Rupert Birkin, an alienated intellectual who articulates many opinions associated with the author. The emotional relationships thus established are given further depth and tension by an intense psychological and physical attraction between Gerald and Rupert.
The novel ranges over the whole of British society before the time of the First World War and eventually concludes in the snows of the Tyrolean Alps. Ursula's character draws on Lawrence's wife Frieda and Gudrun's on Katherine Mansfield, while Rupert Birkin's has elements of Lawrence himself, and Gerald Crich is partly based on Mansfield's husband, John Middleton Murry.
Plot summary
Ursula and Gudrun Brangwen are sisters living in The Midlands in England in the 1910s. Ursula is a schoolteacher, Gudrun a painter. They meet two men who live nearby, school inspector Rupert Birkin and Gerald Crich, heir to a coal mine, and the four become friends. Romantic relationships quickly develop as the novel progresses.
All four are deeply concerned with questions of society, politics, and the relationship between men and women. At a party at Shortlands, the Birkin's country manor home, Gerald's sister Diana drowns. Gudrun becomes the teacher and mentor of Gerald's youngest sister. Soon, Gerald's coal-mine-owning father dies as well, after a long illness. After the funeral, Gerald goes to Gudrun's house and spends the night with her while her parents sleep in another room.
Birkin asks Ursula to marry him, and she agrees. Gerald and Gudrun's relationship, however, becomes stormy.
The two couples take a holiday together in the Austrian Alps. Gudrun begins an intense friendship with Loerke, a physically puny but emotionally commanding artist from Dresden. Gerald, enraged by Loerke and most of all by Gudrun's verbal abuse and rejection of his manhood, and driven by his own internal violence, tries to strangle Gudrun. He suddenly becomes disgusted with his actions and lets her go, and he leaves Gudrun and Loerke to climb the mountain eventually slipping into a snowy valley where he falls asleep and freezes to death.
The impact of Gerald's death upon Birkin is profound. The novel ends a few weeks after Gerald's death with Birkin trying to explain to Ursula that, although he needed no other woman than Ursula, he valued a relationship with Gerald that is gone forever.
Publication history
After years of misunderstandings, accusations of duplicity, and hurried letters, Thomas Seltzer finally published the first edition of Women in Love in New York City, on 9 November 1920. This had come after three drawn out years of delays and revisions. This first limited edition (1,250 books) was available only to subscribers, due to the controversy caused by Lawrence's previous work, The Rainbow (1915).
Originally, the two books were written as parts of a single novel, but the publisher had decided to publish them separately and in rapid succession. The first book's treatment of sexuality was frank for the mores of the time, and, after an obscenity trial, the book was banned in the UK for 11 years, although it was available in the US. The publisher then backed out of publishing the second book in the UK, so Women in Love first appeared in the US. Martin Secker published the first trade edition of Women in Love in London, on 10 June 1921.
Reception
As with most of Lawrence's works, Women in Loves sexual subject matter caused controversy. For example, W. Charles Pilley, an early reviewer wrote of it in John Bull, "I do not claim to be a literary critic, but I know dirt when I smell it, and here is dirt in heaps—festering, putrid heaps which smell to high Heaven." Lawrence was sued for libel by Lady Ottoline Morrell and others, who claimed their likenesses were unjustly drawn upon in The Rainbow. The book also later stirred criticism for its portrayal of love, denounced as chauvinistic and centred upon the phallus by the philosopher Simone de Beauvoir in The Second Sex (1949).
In contrast, the critic Camille Paglia has praised Women in Love, writing in Vamps and Tramps (1994) that while she initially reacted negatively to the book, it became a "profound influence" on her as she was working on Sexual Personae (1990). Paglia compared Lawrence's novel to the poet Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queene (1590). Paglia observed that while Women in Love has "bisexual implications", she is skeptical that Lawrence would have endorsed "full sexual relations" between men. The critic Harold Bloom listed Women in Love in his The Western Canon (1994) as one of the books that have been important and influential in Western culture. Francis Spalding suggested that Lawrence's fascination with the theme of homosexuality is manifested in Women in Love, and that this could be related to his own sexual orientation. In 1999, the Modern Library ranked Women in Love forty-ninth on a list of the 100 best novels in English of the 20th century.
Adaptations
Film adaptation
Screenwriter and producer Larry Kramer, and director Ken Russell adapted the novel into the film, Women in Love (1969), for which Glenda Jackson won the Academy Award for Best Actress. It was one of the first American theatrical films to show male genitals, in scenes when Gerald Crich (Oliver Reed) and Rupert Birkin (Alan Bates) wrestle in the nude in front of a roaring fireplace, in several early skinny dipping shots, and in an explicit sequence of Birkin running naked in the forest after being hit on the head by his spurned former mistress, Hermione Roddice (Eleanor Bron).
Radio and television adaptations
William Ivory combined Women in Love with Lawrence's earlier novel, The Rainbow (1915), in his two-part BBC Four television adaptation titled, Women in Love (first transmitted 24 and 31 March 2011), directed by Miranda Bowen. The cast is headed by Saskia Reeves as the mother, Anna Brangwen, with Rachael Stirling and Rosamund Pike as her daughters, Ursula and Gudrun. Other cast members include Rory Kinnear as Rupert Birkin, Joseph Mawle as Gerald Crich, and Ben Daniels as Will Brangwen. In this adaptation, Ivory sets the final scenes and Gerald's death not in the Tyrolean Alps, but in South African diamond mines and desert sands, where Gerald walks out in the dunes and meets his demise.
BBC Radio 4 broadcast Women in Love as a four-part serial in 1996, dramatised by Elaine Feinstein and starring Stella Gonet as Gudrun, Clare Holman as Ursula, Douglas Hodge as Gerald and Nicholas Farrell as Rupert. It has been repeated several times on BBC Radio 4 Extra, most recently in July 2022.
Editions
(This edition displays significant differences from the final published version.)
(This discarded section of an early version of the novel is set four years after Gerald and Birkin have returned from a skiing holiday, and was published as an appendix to The Cambridge Edition.)
Literary criticism
References
External links
Plot Summary and Analysis at Modernism Lab Essays
Novels by D. H. Lawrence
1920 British novels
British novels adapted into films
English novels
British novels adapted into television shows
Modernist novels
Obscenity controversies in literature
Sequel novels
Ronnie de Guzman Liang is a Filipino singer, actor, model, and influencer. He is also an Army Reservist and a licensed private pilot. He is currently studying as a commercial pilot and instructor pilot training at the Pilipinas Space and Aviation Academy Incorporated, and Master's Degree in Management Major in National Security and Administration at the Philippine Christian University. He is the former finalist of the popular reality-talent search franchise in the Philippines, Pinoy Dream Academy. He was the second runner-up next to Jay-R Siaboc and grand star dreamer Yeng Constantino. He sang the popular OPM hit "Ngiti" and was once a mainstay of ABS-CBN's Sunday variety show ASAP 08.
He is currently one of the "JukeBosses"/Judges of TV5's Sing Galing, airing every Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday at 6:30 p.m.
Biography
Liang is the youngest of the seven children of a low-income family. He supported himself through college by working in a fast food outlet and a video shop, while studying at Holy Angel University in his hometown of Angeles, Pampanga. He graduated with a BS Education degree (physics, chemistry and biology major).
Career
Liang started working part-time as a ramp model, until his manager discovered that Ronnie could sing and encouraged him to join singing contests. Among them was Pinoy Pop Superstar.
Liang then joined Pinoy Dream Academy and made it past the initial screening to be one of the 20 scholars to study inside the academy. After a few months, Ronnie made it to the Honor's List of Six and ended up as PDA's second runner-up.
Liang now is being managed by Viva Artist Agency.
Liang's wholesome brand personality and image stand out because of his talent, admirable spirit, and dedication for 16 years in the entertainment industry.
Liang serves as role model due to his involvement in numerous humanitarian activities and public service, as follows:
· 1st Lieutenant of the Philippine Army, Reserve Command
· Ambassador of Department of Education (DEPED)- Brigada Iskwela
· Ambassador of Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP)
· Ambassador of Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB)
· Ambassador of People's Law and Enforcement Board (PLEB)
· Ambassador of Operation Smile
· Ambassador of Philippine Christian University
· Member of Advisory Group of Philippine National Police Integrity Monitoring and Enforcement Group (PNP-IMEG)
· Ambassador of UNICEF for Global Handwashing
· Ambassador of ARMM for Global Handwashing
· Member of the Rotary Club of Pasig Premier
· RedCross Donor
Various media outlets described Liang as a man who wears many hats, a multi-hyphenate person, a Pop Balladeer, and an OPM Heartthrob.
Filmography
Television
Film
Discography
Solo albums
Singles
Music videos
"Ngiti"
"Gusto Kita" (original Indonesian pop song by the late Indonesian pop jazz singer Utha Likumahuwa in 1987, later translated into a Tagalog song by Gino Padilla in 1991, also covered by Angeline Quinto)
"Ikaw"
"Akala Mo"
"May Minamahal" (original by Hajji Alejandro)
"Beginning Today"
"Oh Holy Night"
"Liwanag"
"Hiling"
"Miss Kita Kung Christmas" (original by the late Susan Fuentes)
"Looking Through the Eyes of Love"
"Tila"
"Ligaya"
"Yakap"
”Para Sa Bayan”
Concerts
PDA Top 6 Dream Concert Tour: January 2007
PDA Top 6 Dream Concert World Tour: April 2007
US Tour: July – August 2007
"Triple Dare Music" – September 27 at the Music Museum
LoveXRomance – November 8, 2019 at the Music Museum | Special Guests: Sarah Geronimo, Ella Cruz and Janine Teñoso
Awards and nominations
Gold Record Award 1st Debut Album titled Ang Aking Awitin(My Songs) April 2008 Gold Record award for his 2nd album titled RONNIE LIANG MAY MINAMAHAL (Loving Someone) under viva records (November 2013)
Trivia
Ronnie Liangs cover song "Gusto Kita" is actual a translation song originally an Indonesian song as "Sesaat Kau Hadir" by the late Indonesian pop singer Utha Likumahuwa was released in 1987. Four years later, it was translated into a Tagalog song by OPM pop singer Gino Padilla and later also covered by Ronnie Liang in 2007.
Ronnie Liang is also a pilot aside his singing and acting.
Ronnie Liang's song "Ngiti" was also covered by Tito, Vic & Joey during their performance at the "Sa Tamang Panahon: ALDub Grand Fans Day TV Special" was featured on Eat Bulaga on GMA Channel 7 in 2015.
See also
Pinoy Dream Academy
ABS-CBN
References
External links
Liang's official site
Liang's official forums
21st-century Filipino male singers
Living people
People from Marikina
Filipino people of Chinese descent
People from Angeles City
Kapampangan people
Singers from Pampanga
People from Rizal
Filipino Protestants
Pinoy Dream Academy participants
Star Magic
Viva Artists Agency
Viva Records (Philippines) artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Robert Mitchell Garber (September 10, 1928 – June 7, 1999) was an American professional baseball player. The right-handed pitcher had a highly successful minor league career, twice winning 20 games and notching one 19-victory season, but made only two appearances in Major League Baseball for the 1956 Pittsburgh Pirates. Born in Hunker, Pennsylvania, he stood tall and weighed .
Garber's 20-win seasons came in 1949 and 1955. In 1949, he won ten games in the Class D Alabama State League and another ten after his promotion to the Class B Illinois–Indiana–Iowa League. During 1955, he went 20–16 at the top level of the minors with the Hollywood Stars of the Open-Classification Pacific Coast League, and led the PCL in strikeouts. In 1954, with the Denver Bears, Garber won 19 of 27 decisions, led the Class A Western League in strikeouts, and was selected to the all-star team. All told, he won 117 games, losing 81, during his nine-year career (1948–1950; 1953–1958).
He appeared in two MLB games with the Pirates in , both in relief — pitching one inning against the Philadelphia Phillies in May and three innings against the Brooklyn Dodgers in September after spending most of the season with Hollywood. In those four innings, he surrendered three hits (including a home run to Brooklyn's Gil Hodges) and one earned run, striking out three and issuing three bases on balls.
References
External links
1928 births
1999 deaths
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Charleston Rebels players
Davenport Pirates players
Denver Bears players
Greenville Pirates players
Hollywood Stars players
Longview Pirates players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New Orleans Pelicans (baseball) players
People from Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Portland Beavers players
Seattle Rainiers players
Waco Pirates players
Friedrich "Fritz" Szepan (2 September 1907 – 14 December 1974) was a German footballer in the period leading up to and including World War II. He spent his entire career with Schalke 04 where he won six national championships and one German Cup. He is commonly regarded as one of the greatest Schalke players of all time. To celebrate the 100th birthday of the club, the supporters voted the Schalker Jahrhundertelf, the "Team of the century": he was included in the midfield. From 1929 to 1938 he played for the Germany national team which he led as captain in 30 matches and during two World Cups.
Usually a highly skilled midfielder, his versatility allowed him to play centre half and as forward. He was not very fast, however he compensated his lack of speed with fantastic intelligence, technique and positional play. Because of his extraordinary game understanding and leadership, he was later known as "Beckenbauer before the war".
Career
Fritz Szepan was born in 1907 in the industrial town of Gelsenkirchen, in a family that came to Gelsenkirchen from the East Prussian Kreis Neidenburg. He joined Schalke 04 as a youth player in 1924 and remained with the side until his retirement in 1950. He first played for the senior side at the age of 17 in 1924. He and his brother-in-law Ernst Kuzorra led Schalke during the era of the team's greatest success in the 1930s when it was the dominant club in Germany. Together they established the famous "Schalker Kreisel" system that used short flat passes to overwhelm their opponent's defence.
Unlike Kuzorra, Szepan also had a successful international career. From 1929 to 1939 he played for the Germany national team which he led as captain in 30 matches and during two World Cups. In 1938, Szepan was named captain of the "Unified Germany" team shortly after the Anschluss. He started out at inside right but gained international recognition in his interpretation of the centre half role. Szepan made the play of Schalke and the German national side at a time when other centre halves were largely committed to covering the opposing centre forward. He however was not an easy-going player and declared his retirement from international play more than once. Szepan had a comeback in late 1936, playing at inside left. His displays again reached the high level of his 1934 World Cup performance and by 1937 Szepan was the outstanding playmaker of the Breslau XI.
After his retirement in 1950, Szepan remained active as coach for Wuppertaler SV, Schalke 04 and Rot-Weiß Essen, leading that club to the German championship in 1955. He served Schalke again as club president from 1964 to 1967. He died on 14 December 1974 in his hometown Gelsenkirchen.
In his 1978 book "Fussball", Helmut Schön characterised Szepan as follows:
"One from the gallery of great playmakers, not markedly pacy, but talented to make the game pacy. He knew how to play directly but also capable of great solos - all that while being strong enough defensively to have played as a stopper. A commander."
Career statistics
Club
International
Trivia
He and fellow Schalke star Ernst Kuzorra married each other's sisters, and thus became brothers-in-law.
References
External links
1907 births
1974 deaths
German footballers
Germany international footballers
FC Schalke 04 players
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Sportspeople from Gelsenkirchen
People from the Province of Westphalia
German football managers
FC Schalke 04 managers
Association football forwards
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
The Miss Bolivia 2008 pageant was held on July 19, 2008. This year only 25 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Bolivia at the Miss Universe 2009 . Miss Bolivia Mundo represent Bolivia in Miss World 2008. Miss Bolivia Internacional represent Bolivia in Miss International 2008. Miss Bolivia Tierra represent Bolivia in Miss Earth 2008. Miss Bolivia Reina de Turismo Internacional represent Bolivia in Miss Tourism Queen International 2009.
Results
Miss Bolivia Universo 2008 : Dominique Peltier (Miss Cochabamba)
Miss Bolivia Mundo : Jackelin Arias (Miss Beni)
Miss Bolivia Internacional : Laura Olivera (Miss Tarija)
Miss Bolivia Tierra : Paula Peñarrieta (Señorita Cochabamba)
Miss Bolivia Reina de Turismo Internacional : Lourdes Blacutt (Andalucia)
Top 10
Alejandra Asebey (Miss Oruro)
Vivian Vaca (Señorita Santa Cruz)
Estephanie Barrón (Miss Potosí)
Johanna Vargas (Señorita Litoral)
Kelly García (Miss Distrito Nacional)
Top 15
Nicole Añes (Miss Litoral)
Viviana Pacheco (Miss Valle)
Ines Vella (Miss Com. Bol. EEUU)
Nardy Sosa (Señorita Beni)
Susana Vaca (Miss Santa Cruz)
Special awards
Miss Photogenic (voted by press reporters) - Jackelin Arias (Miss Beni)
Miss Congeniality (voted by contestants) - Estephanie Barrón (Miss Potosí)
Best Face - Lourdes Blacutt (Andalucia)
Best Provincial Costume - Colette Gallo (Señorita Chuquisaca)
Best Hair - Carolina Urquiola (Miss La Paz)
Miss Elegancia - Alejandra Asebey (Miss Oruro)
Miss Talent - Carolina Revilla (Señorita Oruro)
Delegates
m = Miss
s = Señorita
External links
http://lapaz.metro-blog.com/candidatas-miss-bolivia-2008/
https://web.archive.org/web/20080723021538/http://www.globalbeauties.com/news/2008/july/bol.htm
2008 beauty pageants
2008 in Bolivia
Beauty pageants in Bolivia
The 2022 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament was the 75th edition of the NCAA Division I Baseball Championship. The 64-team tournament began on Friday, June 3 as part of the 2022 NCAA Division I baseball season and concluded with the 2022 College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska, which started on June 17 and ended on June 27. Ole Miss swept Oklahoma to win their first national championship in program history.
The 64 participating NCAA Division I college baseball teams were selected out of an eligible 300 teams. 31 teams were awarded an automatic bid as champions of their conferences, and 33 teams were selected at-large by the NCAA Division I Baseball Committee. Teams were then divided into sixteen regionals of four teams, each of which conducted a double-elimination tournament. Regional champions then faced each other in Super Regionals, a best-of-three game series, to determine the eight participants in the College World Series.
Coppin State and Hofstra made their tournament debuts, while Air Force received their first bid since 1969. Mississippi State was the first defending champion to miss qualification to the tournament since Coastal Carolina in 2017. NC State joined Mississippi State as a 2021 College World Series participant that failed to qualify.
Tournament procedure
A total of 64 teams entered the tournament, with 31 of them receiving an automatic bid by either winning their conference's tournament or by finishing in first place in their conference. The remaining 33 bids were at-large, with selections extended by the NCAA Selection Committee. For the first time ever, the Pac-12 Conference had a conference tournament to determine who will get the automatic bid.
National seeds
The sixteen national seeds were announced on the Selection Show on Monday, May 30, 2022 at 12 p.m. EDT on ESPN2. Teams in italics advanced to the Super Regionals. Teams in bold advanced to the 2022 College World Series.
Tennessee
Stanford
Oregon State
Virginia Tech
Texas A&M
Miami (FL)
Oklahoma State
East Carolina
Texas
North Carolina
Southern Miss
Florida
Auburn
Maryland
Georgia Southern
Schedule and venues
On May 29, the NCAA Division I Baseball Committee announced the sixteen regional host sites.
Regionals
June 3–6
Plainsman Park, Auburn, Alabama (Host: Auburn University)
UFCU Disch–Falk Field, Austin, Texas (Host: University of Texas at Austin)
English Field, Blacksburg, Virginia (Host: Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University)
Boshamer Stadium, Chapel Hill, North Carolina (Host: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill)
Bob "Turtle" Smith Stadium, College Park, Maryland (Host: University of Maryland, College Park)
Olsen Field at Blue Bell Park, College Station, Texas (Host: Texas A&M University)
Alex Rodriguez Park at Mark Light Field, Coral Gables, Florida (Host: University of Miami)
Goss Stadium at Coleman Field, Corvallis, Oregon (Host: Oregon State University)
Condron Ballpark, Gainesville, Florida (Host: University of Florida)
Clark–LeClair Stadium, Greenville, North Carolina (Host: East Carolina University)
Pete Taylor Park, Hattiesburg, Mississippi (Host: University of Southern Mississippi)
Lindsey Nelson Stadium, Knoxville, Tennessee (Host: University of Tennessee)
Jim Patterson Stadium, Louisville, Kentucky (Host: University of Louisville)
Klein Field at Sunken Diamond, Stanford, California (Host: Stanford University)
J. I. Clements Stadium, Statesboro, Georgia (Host: Georgia Southern University)
O'Brate Stadium, Stillwater, Oklahoma (Host: Oklahoma State University–Stillwater)
Super Regionals
June 10–12
English Field, Blacksburg, Virginia (Host: Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University)
Olsen Field at Blue Bell Park, College Station, Texas (Host: Texas A&M University)
Clark–LeClair Stadium, Greenville, North Carolina (Host: East Carolina University)
Lindsey Nelson Stadium, Knoxville, Tennessee (Host: University of Tennessee)
June 11–13
Boshamer Stadium, Chapel Hill, North Carolina (Host: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill)
Goss Stadium at Coleman Field, Corvallis, Oregon (Host: Oregon State University)
Pete Taylor Park, Hattiesburg, Mississippi (Host: University of Southern Mississippi)
Klein Field at Sunken Diamond, Stanford, California (Host: Stanford University)
College World Series
June 16–27
Charles Schwab Field Omaha, Omaha, Nebraska (Host: Creighton University)
Bids
Automatic bids
By conference
Regionals and Super Regionals
Bold indicates winner. Seeds for regional tournaments indicate seeds within regional. Seeds for super regional tournaments indicate national seeds only.
Knoxville Super Regional
Greenville Super Regional
College Station Super Regional
Blacksburg Super Regional
Corvallis Super Regional
Hattiesburg Super Regional
Chapel Hill Super Regional
Stanford Super Regional
College World Series
The College World Series will be held at Charles Schwab Field in Omaha, Nebraska.
Participants
Bracket
Game Results
Bracket 1
Bracket 2
Finals
All-Tournament Team
Final standings
Seeds listed below indicate national seeds only
Record by conference
Media coverage
Radio
NRG Media will provide nationwide radio coverage of the Men's College World Series through its Omaha Station KOZN, in association with Westwood One. It also will stream all MCWS games at westwoodonesports.com, Tunein, the Varsity Network, and on SiriusXM.
Broadcast assignments
John Bishop, Gary Sharp, and Connor Happer (June 17–19)
John Bishop, Damon Benning, and Gary Sharp (June 20–23 afternoon)
Kevin Kugler, John Bishop, and Gary Sharp (June 20–23 evening)
Kevin Kugler, Scott Graham, and John Bishop (Championship Series)
Television
ESPN will air every game from the Regionals, Super Regionals, and the College World Series across its networks.
Broadcast assignments
Regionals
Tom Hart and Kyle Peterson: Auburn, Alabama
Mark Neely and Greg Swindell: Austin, Texas
Dani Wexelman and Lance Cormier: Blacksburg, Virginia
Eric Rothman and Jay Walker: Chapel Hill, North Carolina
Jon Meterparel and Danan Hughes: College Park, Maryland
Dave Neal and Todd Walker: College Station, Texas
Roy Philpott and Jon Jay: Coral Gables, Florida
John Schriffen and Kevin Stocker: Corvallis, Oregon
Steve Lenox and David Dellucci: Gainesville, Florida
Clay Matvick and Gregg Olson: Greenville, North Carolina
Sam Ravech and Nick Belmonte: Hattiesburg, Mississippi
Mike Monaco and Ben McDonald: Knoxville, Tennessee
Mike Couzens and Roddy Jones: Louisville, Kentucky
Roxy Bernstein and Xavier Scruggs: Stanford, California
Mike Morgan and Gaby Sánchez: Statesboro, Georgia
Lowell Galindo and Troy Eklund: Stillwater, Oklahoma
Super Regionals
John Schriffen and Lance Cormier: Blacksburg, Virginia
Mike Morgan and Gaby Sánchez: Chapel Hill, North Carolina
Mike Monaco and Chris Burke: College Station, Texas
Roxy Bernstein and Todd Walker: Corvallis, Oregon
Clay Matvick and Gregg Olson: Greenville, North Carolina
Dave Neal and Ben McDonald: Hattiesburg, Mississippi
Tom Hart and Kyle Peterson: Knoxville, Tennessee
Dave Flemming and Xavier Scruggs: Stanford, California
College World Series
Karl Ravech, Eduardo Pérez, Ben McDonald, and Dani Wexelman: June 17 & 18 afternoons
Mike Monaco, Ben McDonald, and Dani Wexelman: June 19 afternoon
Mike Monaco, Kyle Peterson, Chris Burke, and Kris Budden: June 17–19 evenings
Mike Monaco, Ben McDonald, Chris Burke, and Dani Wexelman: June 20–23 afternoons
Karl Ravech, Eduardo Pérez, Kyle Peterson, and Kris Budden: June 20–23 evenings
CWS Championship Series
Karl Ravech (Games 1) or Mike Monaco (Game 2), Kyle Peterson, Chris Burke, and Kris Budden
Notes
See also
2022 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament
2022 NCAA Division II Baseball Tournament
2022 NCAA Division III Baseball Tournament
References
External links
Official Bracket at NCAA.com
Tournament
NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament
NCAA Division I Baseball Championship
Nizhneye Novokosteyevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Nizhneye Novokosteyevo is located 27 km south of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Chumalya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Seven Minutes in Heaven is a play by Steven Levenson "that follows six high school freshman caught in the absurd, aching, terrible ecstasy of being young on a splintered night of dysfunctional party games, fumbling first kisses, ruined reputations, broken promises, and raw, raw fun." The play was first produced in 2009 in a workshop at Ars Nova, then at the Huntington Theater in Boston in May 2010 and at HERE Arts Center in New York City in June 2010. It was selected by The New York Times and Time Out New York as a "Critic's Pick".
Synopsis
Six teens gather on a Friday night to hang out, and perhaps find romance. The New York Times review described the stage play as "so real that you almost believe it was written by one of its characters," a clever presentation of the awkward teenage years.
Reviews
Show Business Weekly
Time Out New York
New York Post
New York Times
See also
Seven minutes in heaven
References
2010 plays
Fiction set in the 1990s
American plays
Works by Steven Levenson
"Loca People" (also known as "Loca People (La Gente Está Muy Loca)" or "Loca People (What the Fuck!)") is a song by Spanish DJ and record producer Sak Noel. Dutch singer Esthera Sarita performed the female vocals in the song. It was released in Spain on 9 February 2011 by Blanco y Negro Records, while the same day, the music video was shot on YouTube; in Italy, it was released on 3 March 2011 by Do it Yourself Music Group, then in most countries, it was released on 24 June 2011, but was released in the United Kingdom on 25 September 2011. It subsequently debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart on 2 October 2011, giving Sak Noel his first UK number one single.
Critical reception
"Loca People" received mixed reception from music critics. Robert Copsey and Lewis Corner of Digital Spy were critical of the song, giving it one star of a possible five. In reference to the song's lyrics, the review read: "What the f**k?!" In contrast, Samantha McCallum of Maxumi Magazine provided a positive review of the track, stating it "will continue to carry the party on". "It seems as though the purpose of the song is to become a party ritual", McCallum commented. "If so, it works."
Music video
The music video was filmed by Roger Martin Solé and was directed by Sak Noel. It was filmed in Barcelona, Spain in the nightclub venue Millennium & Cosmic Club in Girona (within the Polynuclear Urban Region of Barcelona), and features Desirée Brihuega and Noel himself. Besides the club scene, there are also outdoor scenes where the general public take part in the video.
Track listing
Digital download
"Loca People (What the Fuck!)" (Radio Edit) (Explicit) – 3:36
US digital EP
"Loca People" (Radio Edit) – 3:35
"Loca People" (Original Mix) – 5:40
German CD single
"Loca People (What the Fuck!)" (Radio Edit) (Explicit)
"Loca People (What the Fuck!)" (Explicit)
UK digital download
"Loca People" (UK Radio Edit) – 2:13
"Loca People" (Original Mix) – 5:40
"Loca People" (Liam Keegan Radio Edit) – 2:54
"Loca People" (Liam Keegan Remix) – 5:26
"Loca People" (XNRG Mix) – 4:45
Charts and certifications
Charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
CDM Chartbusters cover version
The same week Sak Noel's version made number one, a sound-alike version of "Loca People" by CDM Chartbusters made number 55.
See also
List of Dutch Top 40 number-one singles of 2011
List of number-one dance singles of 2011 (Poland)
References
External links
2011 singles
Sak Noel songs
English-language Spanish songs
Spanish-language songs
Dutch Top 40 number-one singles
Number-one singles in Austria
Number-one singles in Belgium
Number-one singles in Denmark
Number-one singles in Israel
Number-one singles in Russia
Number-one singles in Scotland
Ultratop 50 Singles (Flanders) number-one singles
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Barcelona in popular culture
Spanglish songs
2011 songs
Iriston's Son () is a 1959 Soviet history film directed by Vladimir Chebotaryov.
Plot
The film tells about the famous Ossetian poet Kosta Khetagurov.
Cast
Vladimir Tkhapsaev as Konstantin Levanovich (Kosta) Khetagurov
Lia Eliava as Anna Aleksandrovna Tsalikova
Nina Alisova as Varvara Grigoryevna Shreders
as General Kokhanov
Pavel Kadochnikov as Dzhambul Dzakhsorov
Vladimir Kosarev as Vasiliy Dobrokhotov
Anatoli Abramov
Georgi Chernovolenko
References
External links
1959 films
1950s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1959 drama films
Nabetari is a Gilbertese (Pacific Islands) native who impressed several senior Allied officers with his successful attempt on or about 4 April 1944 to escape from the Japanese occupation of the Gilbert Islands during the Second World War.
The voyage began when Nabetari and a six other natives set from their home island of Banaba, but shortly later the other canoes disappeared after a storm, leaving only Nabateri and his friend Reuera, the latter of whom later died of a shark bite later on. Nabateri's diet relied solely on fishing and drank rain and shark blood to survive. Nabetari made a record ocean voyage in a small fishing canoe to the Gilbert Islands, about 240 miles to the east. In November, after seven months on the ocean, he was washed up on the reef of the Ninigo Islands close to Manus, the largest of the Admiralty Islands archipelago. He was later flown to Tarawa to provide information about the Japanese troops on the Nauru. Nabetari covered a total of 1,500 miles during his escape.
References
External links
THE STORY OF NABETARI'S AMAZING CANOE VOYAGE
World War II civilian prisoners
I-Kiribati escapees
Escapees from Japanese detention
People from the Gilbert Islands
Banaba
Tianxing may refer to:
Locations in China
Towns
Tianxing, Lu County (天兴), a town in Lu County, Sichuan
Tianxing, Qu County (天星), a town in Qu County, Sichuan
Tianxing, Daguan County (天星), a town in Daguan County, Yunnan
Townships
Tianxing Township, Chongqing (天星乡), in Wuxi County, Chongqing
Tianxing Township, Hubei (天兴乡), in Wuhan, Hubei
Tianxing Township, Guizhou (天星乡), in Cengong County, Guizhou
Tianxing Township, Nanchong (天星乡), in Nanchong, Sichuan
Tianxing Township, Wangcang County (天星乡), in Wangcang County, Sichuan
Tianxing Township, Qiubei County (天星乡), in Qiubei County, Yunnan
Historical eras
Tianxing (天興, 398–404), era name used by Emperor Daowu of Northern Wei
Tianxing (天興, 617–620), era name used by Liu Wuzhou
Tianxing (天興, 1232–1234), era name used by Emperor Aizong of Jin
See also
Tian Hongzheng (764–821), originally named Tian Xing, Tang dynasty general
Petr Hrdlička (born 23 December 1967) is a Czech sport shooter and Olympic champion for Czechoslovakia. He won a gold medal in trap shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Hrdlička was born in Brno.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Czechoslovak male sport shooters
Czech male sport shooters
Trap and double trap shooters
Olympic shooters of Czechoslovakia
Olympic gold medalists for Czechoslovakia
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Brno
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Beryozovo () is an abandoned selo in the Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug in Russia. It was located on the left bank of the Velikaya. In 1949, it was a center of a revolt against the central authority, which was related to forcible collectivization of reindeer herds.
In 1951, the whole population of the selo was resettled to Vayegi.
References
Anadyrsky District
Rural localities in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug
Former populated places in Russia
Stride Toward Freedom: The Montgomery Story (published 1958) is Martin Luther King Jr.'s historic account of the 1955–1956 Montgomery bus boycott. The book describes the conditions of African Americans living in Alabama during the era, and chronicles the events and participants' planning and thoughts about the boycott and its aftermath.
Pilgrimage to Nonviolence
In the chapter, Pilgrimage to Nonviolence, King outlined his understanding of nonviolence, which seeks to win an opponent to friendship, rather than to humiliate or defeat him. The chapter draws from an address by Wofford, with Rustin and Stanley Levison also providing guidance and ghostwriting.
See also
Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story
References
External sources
Stanford University Encyclopedia entry on the volume
1958 non-fiction books
Works by Martin Luther King Jr.
Harper & Brothers books
Books about activism
Ohmefentanyl (also known as β-hydroxy-3-methylfentanyl, OMF and RTI-4614-4) is an extremely potent opioid analgesic drug which selectively binds to the µ-opioid receptor.
There are eight possible stereoisomers of ohmefentanyl. These stereoisomers are among the most potent μ-opioid receptor agonists known, comparable to super-potent opioids such as carfentanil and etorphine which are only legally used for tranquilizing large animals such as elephants in veterinary medicine. In mouse studies, the most active stereoisomer, 3R,4S,βS-ohmefentanyl, was 28 times more powerful as a painkiller than fentanyl, the chemical from which it is derived, and 6300 times more powerful than morphine. Ohmefentanyl has three stereogenic centers and eight stereoisomers, which are named F9201–F9208. Researchers are studying the different pharmaceutical properties of these isomers.
The 4″-fluoro analogue (i.e., substituted on the phenethyl ring) of the 3R,4S,βS isomer of ohmefentanyl is one of the most potent opioid agonists yet discovered, possessing an analgesic potency approximately 18,000 times that of morphine. Other analogues with potency higher than that of ohmefentanyl itself include the 2′-fluoro derivative (i.e., substituted on the aniline phenyl ring), and derivatives where the N-propionyl group was replaced by N-methoxyacetyl or 2-furamide groups, or a carboethoxy group is added to the 4-position of the piperidine ring. The latter is listed as being up to 30,000 times more potent than morphine.
Side effects of fentanyl analogues are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening. Illicitly used fentanyl analogues have killed hundreds of people throughout Europe and the former Soviet republics since the most recent resurgence in use began in Estonia in the early 2000s, and novel derivatives continue to appear.
Synthesis
See also
Opioid
Fentanyl
3-Methylfentanyl
Carfentanil
Ohmecarfentanil
Opioid potency comparison
References
External links
Synthetic opioids
Piperidines
Phenylethanolamines
Propionamides
Anilides
Mu-opioid receptor agonists
Manuel Junglas (born 31 January 1989) is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Club career
Born in Cologne, Junglas joined Alemannia Aachen in 2003 and was promoted to the second squad in 2006. Junglas made a single appearance as a substitute in the Bundesliga in the 2006–07 season for Alemannia Aachen against Arminia Bielefeld.
In 2009, Junglas received a contract for the professional team. Since then he appeared seventy times in the 2. Bundesliga and scored three goals.
International career
Junglas was member of the Germany U-17 and played his first game on 21 February 2006 against Sweden U-17.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Alemannia Aachen players
VfR Aalen players
Arminia Bielefeld players
FC Viktoria Köln players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Footballers from Cologne
The 2020 Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded to the American poet Louise Glück (born 1943) who the Swedish Academy members praised "for her unmistakable poetic voice that with austere beauty makes individual existence universal." The winner was announced on October 8, 2020, by Mats Malm, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy.
She is the 13th Nobel laureate in Literature from the United States after 2016 laureate Bob Dylan and 1993 laureate Toni Morrison.
Laureate
Louise Glück is an American poet and essayist known for her autobiographical poems of intense emotions and drawing mythological and natural imageries in understanding personal life and experiences. A United States Poet Laureate, she has garnered numerous literary prizes such as the Pulitzer Prize, National Book Award, and the Bollingen Prize. Among her celebrated poem collections are The Triumph of Achilles (1985), The Wild Iris (1992), Averno (2006), and Faithful and Virtuous Night (2014).
Nominees
Betting Odds Nominees
Among the strongest contenders for the 2020 Nobel Prize in Literature were the following authors:
Reactions
The chair of the Nobel prize committee, Anders Olsson hailed Glück's "candid and uncompromising" voice, which is full of humour and biting wit. Her 12 collections of poetry, including her most recent Faithful and Virtuous Night, the Pulitzer-winning The Wild Iris, and the Averno, are characterised by a striving for clarity", he added, comparing her to Emily Dickinson with "her severity and unwillingness to accept simple tenets of faith".
In a short interview conducted in the early hours of Thursday morning, Glück told the Nobel prize committee:
Fellow poet Claudia Rankine told The Guardian that she was so pleased that it was conferred to her. "Something good had to happen!" Rankine said. "She is a tremendous poet, a great mentor, and a wonderful friend. I couldn't be happier. We are in a bleak moment in this country, and as we poets continue to imagine our way forward, Louise has spent a lifetime showing us how to make language both mean something and hold everything."
Award ceremony
Due to the restrictions by the COVID-19 pandemic, the annual Nobel banquet was postponed, however, Glück still received her medal, diploma and monetary prize from the Swedish Academy at her residence in New York City. In her Nobel lecture, which was delivered in writing, she highlighted her early engagement with poetry by William Blake and Emily Dickinson in discussing the relationship between poets, readers, and the wider public.
Nobel Committee
The Swedish Academy's Nobel Committee for the 2020 Nobel Prize in Literature wre the following members:
Anders Olsson, chair; Seat 4
Jesper Svenbro, Seat 8
Per Wästberg, Seat 12
Mats Malm, associate member and permanent secretary; Seat 11
References
External links
Price announcement nobelprize.org
Award Ceremony speech nobelprize.org
Nobel lecture nobelprize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
Sangeeta Katti Kulkarni (), is an Indian playback singer, Hindustani classical vocalist, musician, music composer from Karnataka. She was awarded the Karnataka Rajyotsava Award in 2006 by the Government of Karnataka.
Introduction
Sangeeta Katti was born in Dharwad in Karnataka. She is a daughter of Dr. H. A . Katti and Bharati Katti, on 7 October 1970.
Sangeeta Katti has a performance experience in Hindustani Vocal as well as Bhajans, Vachanas, Dasavani, Abhangs, Bhavageet, Folk Music and Playback singing.
Sangeeta Katti is a graduate in chemistry (with distinction) and well versed in several languages like Kannada, Hindi, English, Marathi etc.
Sangeeta Katti won several awards for her compositions and albums.
Sangeeta Katti has worked with the leading music directors including Upendra Kumar, M. Ranga Rao, Vijaya Bhaskar, M. M. Keervani, C. Ashwath, Hamsalekha and others and sung in nine Indian languages with M. Balamurali Krishna, K. J. Yesudas, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Rajkumar, P. B. Srinivas and others. Sangeeta is an 'A' grade artist in Classical and Light Music both on AIR and television.
She has toured abroad, all over UK, USA, Australia, New Zealand, Gulf and Canada and other countries performing live concerts.
Sangeeta Katti is residing in Bangalore, India with her husband and children.
Childhood
Sangeeta Katti received initial lessons from her father. At the age of four, she met Naushad Ali which she considered a turning point in her life. Naushad Ali asked her to sing some ragas and was impressed by the child prodigy and since then she became his student. Trained initially under Sri Sheshagiri Dandapur and Pt. Chanderashekhar Puranikmath, Sangeeta received advanced training in classical vocals from Padmabhushan Pt. Basavaraj Rajguru of Kirana & Gwalior Gharana for about 12 years. She is presently under the tutelage of Padmavibushana Gana Sarswati Smt Kishori Amonkar of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana
Others
Sangeeta Katti to date has more than 7000 + concerts to her credit, her very first performance being at the age of four. She has also performed in the United States, UK, New Zealand and Canada. She is a regular feature in most of the important music festivals in India. She was a teaching faculty in Hindustani Vocal music at Bharathiya Vidya Bhavan, Bengaluru.
Playback singing
Sangeetha Katti has sung several songs and her songs in the film Nagamandala like Ee Hasiru Siriyali and Kambada Myalina Bombeye have been widely acclaimed. She mainly works in Kannada movies as well as a few Tamil Movies.
List of concerts
Mysore Dasara (Darbar Hall) festival in 1983, 1987, 1999, 2005, 2008, 2014.
51st Sawai Gandharva Sangeetotsav, Pune – December 2003.
Hampi Utsav – 1989, 1993, 1998, 2004, 2007, 2010. (A National Cultural fest conducted by Govt of Karnataka)
Other important state festivals like:-- Sahyadri utsav in 1998, Navsarpur utsav in 1991, Hoysala utsav in 2004, Kittur Utsav in 2004
The Spirit of Unity Concerts for Universal Integration – 1998 (Bobbili, Vizianagaram) 2000 (Vishakhapatnam).
Mahakumbha Mela, Haridwar, Uttaranchal April 2010.
Several other important places like Mumbai, Goa, Delhi, Nasik, Hyderabad, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Mantralayam and others.
Concerts in abroad
UK:
Vishwa Kannada Sammelana, Millennium Meet at Manchester – Aug 2000, Aug 2008 .
Young Kannadigas at London, Rajyotsava celebrations, Nov 2008.
UKKV Ugadi at Cardiss, April 2011.
USA:
AKKA Conventions at Houston, Texas, – Sep 2000, Detroit Michigan – Sep 2002, Orlando Florida, Sep 2004, Baltimore, MD, Sep 2006
Basant Bahar, California.- 2002,2004. NA Kannadigas – 2000, 2002. Kannada Kuta LA & Sandiego – 2002
Sri Venkateshwara Temple, Pittsburgh – 2002 and Purandara dasa day, June 2004.
Kannada Sangha Atlanta – 2000. VSNA Convention, Atlanta – July 2004.
Kannada Kuta, Hindu Temple & Other associations at Chicago – 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008
Sai Baba Temple, Aurora, IL- 2004
HTGC, Lemont IL – 2002
Pampa Kannada Kuta at MI, 2002, 2004. Michigan Symphony, Detroit, MI (2010). Music Community of Greater Metropolitan Detroit, MI 2002
Kaveri Kannada Kuta, MD – 2000, 2002, 2004 ...West Virginia & Washington DC
Music Community of greater Metropolitan Detroit, MI – Sep 2002
Triveni (Brindavan) Kannada Sanga at NJ and NY – 2000, 2002, 2004
CVHTS, Connecticut – 2002, 2004
Annual Music and Dance Festival, ICHS, Dallas, TX – 2004. Mallige Kannada Kuta, Dallas, TX – 2000.
Kannada Association of Northern California and Los Angeles – 2000, 2002
Kannada Association St. Louis – 2004
Mallige Kannada Sangha at Clarion Hotel Auditorium, Indianapolis, Indiana – 2004. Gita Mandal Indianapolis, Indiana – 2004
Swanranjali – Columbus, Ohio- 2000, 2004
VMS Sri Jayathirtha Aradhana Day Allentown, Pennsylvania, 2004
Canada:
Kannada Association – Toronto – 2000, 2004
Rendered Vande Mataram at The Panorama India – Indo – Canadian Cultural Fest. Toronto – 2004
Australia:
Successful tour (APKO) in 2009 – Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide etc.
New Zealand:
APKO in 2009 – Auckland. Sangeeta Sarita in 2010 – Auckland
Hong Kong:
APKO – India Association, 2009
Bahrain:
SAARTHA Foundation in Nov 2010
Other Associations like:
Sunnyvale Temple, California, Birmingham – Alabama, Sandiego, Evansville – IN, Louisville – KY, Hindu Temple, Detroit etc.
Awards & recognitions
Sangeeta has won numerous awards. The list follows
References
External links
Sangeeta Katti's Official Website
1970 births
Living people
Hindustani singers
Kannada playback singers
Kannada people
People from Dharwad
Indian women playback singers
Indian women classical singers
Singers from Karnataka
20th-century Indian singers
20th-century Indian women singers
Film musicians from Karnataka
21st-century Indian women singers
21st-century Indian singers
Women musicians from Karnataka
Recipients of the Rajyotsava Award 2006
Paul Regan Swadel (23 October 1968 – 18 March 2016) was a New Zealand film director and producer.
Life and career
Swadel graduated from the University of Canterbury with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Film, also graduated from the Elam School of Fine Arts at the University of Auckland, with a Master of Fine Arts attaining First Class Honours in Intermedia.
He directed and produced many successful short films which screened in competition at the Cannes, Venice, New York City and Sundance film festivals. Saatchi & Saatchi spotted his talent early in the commercials world for their New Directors Showcase at Cannes in 2000. As a television commercial director, he produced award-winning work for Sony and Nike, and had his PlayStation work picked up globally.
Swadel nurtured a filmmaking partnership with James Cunningham that spanned fifteen years and four globally successful short films. Their film Infection competed at Cannes International Film Festival 2000, Sundance Film Festival 2001 and twenty other international film festivals. Paul and James developed an indie performance capture driven CGI film Marshal with Mark Ordesky, executive producer of The Lord of the Rings. Their proof of concept short film Poppy, was shot on the Weta Digital motion capture soundstage. Poppy features Matthew Sunderland, winner of Best Actor Award at the 2008 NZ Screen Awards. Poppy was awarded the Grand Jury Prize at SIGGRAPH in Los Angeles 2010, and Best in Show at SIGGRAPH Asia in Seoul 2010.
He also developed and co-directed projects with his brother Marc Swadel, whose reel includes work with The Strokes, Sonic Youth and Iggy Pop, and his TVC work was featured in the Saatchi & Saatchi New Directors Showcase at Cannes.
Swadel was a co-executive producer of Headstrong with Ant Timpson and Leanne Saunders. Their feature film The Devil Dared Me To had its world premiere at SXSW and screened at over twenty International Film Festivals. It has been sold to Wild Bunch for the United Kingdom, Vivendi for the United States and Boll AG for rest of the world. Their second feature film A Song of Good began its festival run with a World Premiere at Rotterdam Film Festival where it sold out all of its screenings. It garnered 5 nominations at the 2008 New Zealand Screen Awards, and won a Best Picture Award.
He also directed a significant number of award-winning art documentaries around the world. These range in subject from Plácido Domingo at the New York Metropolitan Opera, The Understudy, to an award-winning six-hour series on the history of New Zealand Art, The Big Picture presented by Hamish Keith, which garnered three nominations at the 2008 New Zealand Screen Awards, and won Best Series and Best Music awards.
Swadel later filled the role of Development Executive at the New Zealand Film Commission in Wellington.
He is executive produced a documentary on the earthquakes that affected Christchurch in 2010 and 2011 entitled When A City Falls, which had its international premiere at the Melbourne International Film Festival in 2012.
Swadel developed and executive produced a series of films and shorts as Blue Harvest with the New Zealand Film Commission. He also worked at Media Design School as a Senior Lecturer for the Bachelor of Arts and Design where he taught filmmaking process.
Swadel died on 18 March 2016, after suffering from early-onset Alzheimer's disease. He was survived by his son Felix, as well as his parents, siblings and other family members.
Gallery
Filmography
References
External links
Poppy: Short film official website
Blue Harvest: Executive Producing Shorts w/- NZFC
1969 births
2016 deaths
New Zealand film directors
New Zealand film producers
University of Auckland alumni
University of Canterbury alumni
Ana Bárbara is the debut album by Mexican singer Ana Bárbara, released in 1994. The songs were recorded in various styles that were very popular in the Regional Mexican world at the time, such as Tejano, Grupero and Technobanda. Barbara was nominated for a Premio Lo Nuestro Award in two Regional Mexican categories, including Best New Artist. She won her first Premio Furia Musical Award for Best New Artist.
Commercial performance
The album was well received by critics on AllMusic who gave them a 3-star rating while the public gave it a 5-star rating. The album sold 100,000 copies.
Track listing
"Nada" (Aníbal Pastor) – 3:29
"Todo Lo Aprendí De Ti" (Pastor) – 3:03
"Pideme Perdon" (Pastor) – 3:04
"Al Olvido" (Joan Sebastían) – 3:29
"Sacúdeme" (Orlando Jimenez, Dino Santos) – 3:16
"Necesito Olvidarte" (Roberto Bellester) – 3:32
"Gracias Por Tu Adios" (Edwin Crespo Alvarado) – 3:39
"Nostalgia" (Pastor) – 3:15
"Querer Es Como Te Quise" (Arturo Rodríguez) – 3:35
"Como El Azucar De Caramelo" (Alvarado) – 2:27
Personnel
Ana Barbara – vocals
Singles
From the album Ana Bárbara:
"Nada"
"Sacúdeme"
"Todo Lo Aprendí De Ti"
References
1994 debut albums
Ana Bárbara albums
Fonovisa Records albums
Vicharana (Trial) is a 1988 Malayalam film written by A. K. Lohithadas and directed by Sibi Malayil. The film stars Mammootty, Sobhana, Nedumudi Venu, Seema, Mukesh, Jagathy Sreekumar and Prathapachandran.
Plot
The story is about the problems faced by a lawyer in his personal, social and professional lives when he undertakes the murder case of a trade union leader in which his brother-in-law is the main accused.
Cast
Mammootty as Adv. Sethumadhavan
Sobhana as Anita, Sethumadhavan's wife
Nedumudi Venu as Ramettan, Sethumadhavan's scribe and assistant
Mukesh as Kabeer, a trade union activist
Jagathy Sreekumar as Kuttappan, a trade union leader
Lalu Alex as Johnny, a trade union leader
Seema as Alice, Johnny's wife
Prathapachandran as Govindan Nair, Anita's father
Sreenath as Raghu, Anita's brother
Sukumari as Sarasathi Amma, Anita's mother
Oduvil Unnikrishnan as Adv. Krishnamurthy
James as a junior advocate
Soundtrack
"Oru Poo Viriyunna (Version 1)" - M. G. Sreekumar
"Oru Poo Viriyunna (Version 2)" - M. G. Sreekumar
References
External links
1988 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Ouseppachan
1980s political drama films
Indian political drama films
Films directed by Sibi Malayil
Films with screenplays by A. K. Lohithadas
1988 drama films
Burabay District (, ; ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Shchuchinsk. Population:
Prior to September 3, 2009, Burabay District was known as Schuchinsk District.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Tom Fexas (1941 – November 29, 2006) was an American yacht designer who adopted a retro design from vintage commuter yachts of the 1930s to modern construction techniques. His design for Midnight Lace in 1978 helped launch a new movement that became known as Italian styling.
Early life and career
Growing up in Queens, New York, Fexas was inspired to become a yacht-designer after watching the boats come in at Long Island Sound, and by time he spent on his family's yacht. Starting at age 7, Fexas spent time drawing and painting designs of yachts, and after completing his secondary education decided to pursue a degree in marine engineering at SUNY Maritime College. Upon graduation, Fexas took a position on the as its third engineer, and finished the yacht design program from the Westlawn Institute of Marine Technology during the voyage. After returning from the Independence in 1965, Fexas moved to Mystic, Connecticut and took a position at General Dynamics Electric Boat designing submarines, while working on yacht design after work hours.
Midnight Lace and following career
Fexas opened his own yacht design company, Tom Fexas Yacht Design, while continuing to work at Electric Boat on s. Fexas quit his Electric Boat position in 1972 (some sources list 1977) and dedicated his time towards designing the Midnight Lace, which was noticed and ordered by a client several years later. Upon completion of the Midnight Lace, Fexas moved to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, where his yacht premiered at the Fort Lauderdale Boat Show in 1978. The low profile, black boat was complimented for its use of wood (as opposed to most other yachts of that era) and its resemblance to older craft of the 1930s and 1940s, and the style became known as Italian styling.
After Fexas became notable for his work on Midnight Lace, he went into production with Chinese boat maker Cheoy Lee, and also worked with builders like Mikelson Yachts and Abeking & Rasmussen. He wrote articles for several magazines, and became the editor of (and monthly writer for) Power and Motoryacht in 1985, a position he held until 2003. Fexas also spent several years as a member of the Westlake Board of Directors, while continuing to run his yacht design company. Due to popular demand, Fexas redesigned Midnight Lace in 2003, and started work on constructing a new model before his death in 2006. His yacht design company was then run by his wife, Regina Fexas, and other former students of the Westlawn design course, until the luxury yacht market collapsed during the worldwide recession and Tom Fexas Yacht Designs was forced to close after 30 years in the business.
References
1941 births
2006 deaths
American yacht designers
State University of New York Maritime College alumni
People from Queens, New York
People from Mystic, Connecticut
Westlawn Institute of Marine Technology alumni
Louis de Pardaillan de Gondrin (15 February 1727 – 14 September 1757) was a French nobleman and great grandson of Madame de Montespan. He was styled the Marquis of Montespan. Born at Versailles, he was the only son of the Duke of Antin and Françoise Gillonne de Montmorency, herself a granddaughter of the maréchal de Luxembourg. He died unmarried and without children.
Ancestry
1727 births
1757 deaths
Marquesses of Montespan
Louis
French nobility
18th-century peers of France
Maria Astashkina (), (born 5 April 1999 in Penza, Russia) is a Russian swimmer.
She won 4 gold medals in (200 m, 100 m, 50m breaststroke and 4 × 100 m medley) at the 2015 European Games.
Career
In 2014, Astashkina competed at the 2014 European Junior Championships winning 4 gold medals in (200 m, 100 m, 50m breaststroke and 4 × 100 m medley), that same year, she competed in seniors at the 2014 European Championships and at the 2014 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Doha, Qatar where she qualified for the finals in 200 m breaststroke finishing in 6th place and with Team Russia finishing 5th in 4 × 100 m women's medley.
In June 2015, 16 year old Astashkina was selected to compete at the inaugural 2015 European Games in Baku, where she won four gold medals, in (200m, 100 m, 50m breaststroke), in 4 × 100 m medley (with Arina Openysheva, Polina Egorova and Maria Kameneva broke a new junior world record touching in at 4:03.22). Astashkina also broke a junior meet record in 200m breaststroke at the Games. On August 2–9, Astashkina competed in seniors at the 2015 World Championships in Kazan, however she did not reach the semifinals after losing in her preliminary heats.
On August 25–30, Astashkina then competed at the 2015 World Junior Swimming Championships in Singapore, she won a silver medal in individual women's 200 m breaststroke behind Turkey's Viktoriya Zeynep Gunes, she finished 4th in 100 m breaststroke, 6th in 50 m breatstroke and won gold with the Russian Team in women's 4 × 100 m medley.
In April 2016, Astashkina competed at the National Championships. She won a bronze medal in 200 m breastroke but she did not comply required time to qualify at the Olympics.
References
External links
Maria Astashkina Baku2015
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Penza
Russian female swimmers
Russian female breaststroke swimmers
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2015 European Games
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Louisville Cardinals women's swimmers
Anthony Warner (born 1973) is a British chef and food writer and the author of the Angry Chef blog. His first book, The Angry Chef, has been seen as a reaction to and debunking of food faddism.
Early life
Anthony Warner was born in 1973. He has a BSc degree in biochemistry from Manchester University.
Career
Warner has worked as a chef for most of his career. He started his food blog The Angry Chef at the end of 2015. In 2016 he sold the rights to his first book The Angry Chef: Bad Science and the Truth About Healthy Eating to Oneworld Publications. It was published in 2017 and has been seen as a reaction to and debunking of food faddism and unscientific advice about food promoted by advocates of "clean eating" and celebrities such as Gwyneth Paltrow.
Selected publications
The Angry Chef: Bad science and the truth about healthy eating. Oneworld Publications, 2017.
The Angry Chef's Guide to Spotting Bullsh*t in the World of Food. The Experiment, 2018.
The Truth about Fat. Oneworld Publications, 2019
References
External links
Official website
Living people
British chefs
British food writers
1973 births
Alumni of Manchester Metropolitan University
British bloggers
Critics of alternative medicine
Diet food advocates
The Thamesmead Housing Co-operative was a housing estate in Thamesmead, South East London in the London Borough of Greenwich. It was a purpose built housing cooperative and like others it was an experiment in building close-knit communities and as a way of helping single people and couples.
It was dissolved in the 1990s and taken over by Hyde Housing Association (now The Hyde Group).
Co-operative
Thamesmead Housing Co-operative was established to address the lack of housing for vulnerable single people in the area. Applicants to live on the CO-op were interviewed in order to establish their housing needs and also their ability to co-exist with others in shared houses. New tenants were required to purchase a £1 share in order to become a member of the co-operative, which entitled them to attend and vote in the annual general meeting, to elect or stand for the management committee, participate in the co-operative's affairs and receive its services.
The co-operative consisted of an enclave of 40 flats and 20 shared houses in red brick. The flats were intended for couples but not families and the houses were shared by 4 - 6 people, some having a purpose build disabled unit attached. The buildings were laid out in five courtyards with addresses in Blyth Road and Slocum Close.
A hall and office were provided for purpose of holding meetings and managing the co-operative.
Transfer to Hyde Housing
Difficulties in running the co-operative as a stand-alone project led to the involvement of Hyde Housing Association, which took over the management of the properties around 1990. Later it was established that the transfer process had not been correctly handled, and the process was properly completed in the late 1990s. During the transition period the project ran under two names, the original Thamesmead Housing Co-Op and the ill-fated Hyde Housing version known as "Thamesmead Management Co-Op" at 29 Blyth Road, London, SE28 8LJ, which was not recognized by the responsible Government body "The Housing Corporation" and caused the delay in formal transfer to Hyde Housing. Among the founder members were Graham Simpson, who later became the last chair of the original co-op, Paul Clewlow, treasurer, and Dave O'Brien, all who had lived on the scheme for a number of years. In its death throes the co-op was subject to a large number of fraudulent housing applications from Nigerian applicants who saw it as a source of cheap student accommodation rather than the having the common goal of the original ethos and as a result the ethnic make-up consisted of 96% African 3% British and 1% Asian. This was wildly disproportionate and different to the local boroughs ethnicity and at that time made it stand out. Subsequently, Thamesmead as a whole has been the favored residential starting point in the UK for most arriving West Africans to the extent that it is now known locally as "Little Lagos".
The properties have continued as a shared housing scheme.
See also
Clays Lane Estate across the river
Deptford Housing Co-operative is still running
References
External links
The Hyde Group
Housing estates in the Royal Borough of Greenwich
Housing cooperatives in the United Kingdom
Aaron Belisarius Cosmo Sibthorpe (183?–1916) was a nineteenth century African historian. He published both History and Geography of Sierra Leone in 1868.
Sibthorpe was born somewhere near Benin, and after being captured and enslaved, he became a Liberated African in colonial Sierra Leone while still a youth. He remained in Sierra Leone all his life. He became a school teacher, teaching in villages around Freetown.
He became a prominent member of the Creole community. However, by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
References
1830s births
1916 deaths
Sierra Leone Creole historians
Sierra Leone Creole people
Historians of Sierra Leone
Cagliari Calcio is an Italian professional football club based in Cagliari, Sardinia, who play their matches in Stadio Sant'Elia. The club was formed in 1920, and joined the Italian league in 1930. Before that time they played regional competitions in the South and Sardinia.
The club has won the Serie A 1 time. They also won the Serie B and Serie C once.
This list details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top scorers for each season. Top scorers in bold were also the top scorers in the Italian league that season. Records of local or regional competitions are not included due to them being considered of less importance.
Key
Pld = Matches played
W = Matches won
D = Matches drawn
L = Matches lost
GF = Goals for
GA = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
Serie A = 1st Tier in Italian League
Serie B = 2nd Tier in Italian League
Serie C = 3rd Tier in Italian League
Prima Categoria = 1st Tier until 1922
Promozione = 2nd Tier until 1922
Prima Divisione = 1st Tier until 1926
Prima Divisione = 2nd Tier (1926–1929)
Seconda Divisione = 2nd Tier until 1926
Seconda Divisione = 3rd Tier (1926–1929)
Divisione Nazionale = 1st Tier (1926–1929)
F = Final
SF = Semi-finals
QF = Quarter-finals
R16 = Last 16
R32 = Last 32
QR1 = First Qualifying Round
QR2 = Second Qualifying Round
QR3 = Third Qualifying Round
PO = Play-Offs
1R = Round 1
2R = Round 2
3R = Round 3
GS = Group Stage
2GS = Second Group Stage
EC = European Cup (1955–1992)
UCL = UEFA Champions League (1993–present)
CWC = UEFA Cup Winners' Cup (1960–1999)
UC = UEFA Cup (1971–2008)
UEL = UEFA Europa League (2009–present)
USC = UEFA Super Cup
INT = Intercontinental Cup (1960–2004)
WC = FIFA Club World Cup (2005–present)
Seasons
References
Cagliari
Chubbsafes is a brand of safes and vaults with its origins in the UK. It specialises in products which offer certified burglary protection and/or fire protection.
The brand is widely sold and marketed in the UK, South Africa, India and Malaysia as well as parts of northern Europe and east Asia.
Chubbsafes is owned under licence by the Gunnebo Group.
History
Early Years: 1818-1938
In 1818, Charles Chubb and his younger brother, Jeremiah Chubb, founded the Chubb Company and opened a workshop for making locks on Temple Street in Wolverhampton, England. Two years later, they opened a shop at 57 St.Paul's Churchyard in London.
In 1835, Charles Chubb expanded the business and took out a patent for a burglary-resistant safe. A safe works was opened shortly afterwards, in 1837, in London and in 1839 the brothers patented their first fire safe.
Following the death of Charles, the company remained in the family, being taken over by his son, John Chubb, in 1846, and then his grandchildren, John Charles, George Hayter and Harry Withers Chubb in 1872.
In 1882, the business became a private limited company and changed its name to Chubb & Sons Lock and Safe Company Ltd.
The London safe works moved to Wednesfield Road in Wolverhampton in 1908 and when the site was extended in 1938, it was joined by the lock works.
Expansion: 1950s-1990s
On 31 January 1950 a celebratory dinner was held at the Carlton Hotel in Johannesburg South Africa. The event was the inauguration of Mr F.M.W Petersen Director Austen Petersen Safe Company of South Africa with Chubb & Sons Lock and Safe Company of Great Britain.
The first overseas factory opened in South Africa in 1950 which was followed by a second offshore plant, this time in Canada, four years later.
Over the coming years, the Chubb Company made several acquisitions and was later acquired itself. Hobbs Hart & Co Ltd became a member of the Chubb Group in 1956, Chatwood-Milner Ltd in 1958 and Josiah Parkes & Sons (Holdings) Limited in 1965.
The Racal Electronics Group then acquired Chubb & Sons Lock and Safe Company in 1984 and before US company, Williams Holdings, took it over in 1997.
2000 – present Day
In 2000, the safes part of the company and a licence for the Chubbsafes brand was acquired by the Gunnebo Group. Since then, Chubbsafes has been introduced to new markets including China, Indonesia, Sweden, Germany and France.
Products
Safes
Safes are sold from Grade I to Grade VI, rising in the level of physical attack the safe will withstand. A grade is always awarded by an independent body (European Certification Body).
Fire Safes
Safes are also sold which withstand fire. These are independently certified for the length of protection (half an hour, one hour or two hours) and the type of contents which will be protected (either paper or data). The range includes document safes, data safes and fireproof filing cabinets.
Vault Rooms
With grades up to XII, vault rooms and vault doors are used not only by banks, but also companies which need to protect the contents of a specific area, such as a weapons room or storage of pharmaceuticals.
References
External links
Security equipment manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Wolverhampton
, provisional designation , is a trans-Neptunian object and centaur on highly inclined and eccentric orbit in the outer region of the Solar System. It measures approximately in diameter and is one of few objects with such an unusual orbit. It was discovered on 4 December 2002, by American astronomer Marc Buie at the Kitt Peak National Observatory in Arizona, United States.
Orbit and classification
orbits the Sun at a distance of 21–114 AU once every 552 years and 1 month (201,654 days; semi-major axis of 67.3 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.69 and an inclination of 78° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation at Kitt Peak in December 2002.
This object belongs to the short-lived population of centaurs. Generically, it is also classified as a trans-Neptunian object as its semi-major axis is larger than Neptune's 30.1 AU. Due to this highly inclined and eccentric orbit, and with a Tisserand's parameter of only 1.167, its cometary-like orbit resembles that of the damocloid and extended-centaur population. It is one of few objects with and inclination above 60° and a perihelion below 15 AU, along with the first discovered .
Physical characteristics
has a BB–BR taxonomy type. It shows only a moderately red surface with a spectral gradient similar to the known comets, extinct comets, Jupiter trojans, Neptune trojans, irregular satellites and damocloids.
With a B–R magnitude of 1.2, the difference between the blue and red filter magnitude, it is still redder than the spectrum of the Sun (which is 1.02 mag). It has an absolute magnitude of 8.0.
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, measures 170 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an low albedo of 0.04. The Johnston archive gives a mean-diameter of and albedo of 0.038 from various measurement, while astronomer Michael Brown gives an albedo of 0.04 and a diameter of from radiometric observations, listing an absolute magnitude of 7.9. Due to its small size, Brown does not consider it to be dwarf-planet candidate, grouping it into the "probably not"-category of his classification scheme (also see list of candidates).
Rotation period
As of 2018, no rotational lightcurve of this object has been obtained from photometric observations. The object's rotation period, pole and shape remain unknown.
Numbering and naming
This minor planet was numbered by the Minor Planet Center on 14 March 2006 (). It has not yet received an official name.
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (125001)-(130000) – Minor Planet Center
Centaurs (small Solar System bodies)
Trans-Neptunian objects
Damocloids
Discoveries by Marc Buie
20021204
(born 1959) is a Japanese fantasy writer.
Biography
Noriko Ogiwara was born in 1959. Having read C. S. Lewis' Chronicles of Narnia at a very early age, she decided to become a fantasy writer.
Her first book, won her several awards for children's literature and was translated into English by Cathy Hirano as Dragon Sword and Wind Child; the English version was out-of-print until it was re-released by Viz Media in October 2007. The two sequels, and , have only been published in Japanese. The re-issuing of Dragon Sword and Wind Child encouraged Viz to publish the next novel in the sequence, Hakuchou Iden, as Mirror Sword and Shadow Prince in May 2011, also translated by Cathy Hirano. These three books together are called The Jade Trilogy.
Another of her works is Nishi no Yoki Majo (西の善き魔女 "Good Witch of the West Astraea Testament"), a western-styled high fantasy series featuring a girl on the quest of finding out the mysteries surrounding the legends of her country and her friends. The series consists of eight books, including three side stories also penned by her. Nishi no Yoki Majo has been adapted into a manga series by Haruhiko Momokawa in Comic Blade, and licensed for English publication as The Good Witch of the West. The Good Witch of the West was also animated and aired in Japan in 2006.
Her fantasy novel series was first published in 2008. It consists of six books, and was adapted into an anime television series.
References
External links
Noriko Ogiwara Information #1
Noriko Ogiwara Information #2
Collection of Noriko Ogiwara's work
J'Lit | Authors : Noriko Ogiwara | Books from Japan
1959 births
Living people
Japanese fantasy writers
Japanese children's writers
Japanese women children's writers
20th-century Japanese novelists
21st-century Japanese novelists
Satevó is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Francisco Javier de Satevó. The municipality covers an area of 2,185.1 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 3,662, down from 3,856 as of 2005.
The municipality had 244 localities, none of which had a population over 1,000.
Satevó began as a Jesuit mission to the Tarahumara in about 1640.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 126 localities. The largest are:
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
Dante Thomas (born January 7, 1982) is an American R&B singer and musician, who experienced international success in 2001 with his song, "Miss California".
Musical career
He was discovered by Donovan Thomas and Doug E. Fresh.
His debut album Fly contained his definitive international hit "Miss California" which topped the charts in Denmark and Germany and was a major hit in Austria, Belgium, France, Netherlands, Norway, Australia and New Zealand. It also reached number 25 in the United Kingdom and number 85 in the US on the Billboard Hot 100.
In 2012, he released his album Hardcore on Videotape and has an international single hit "Feeling So Blue" with Michael Mind Project, being a retake on Eiffel 65 1999 hit "Blue (Da Ba Dee)". The single "Feeling So Blue" has charted in Austria, France, Germany and Switzerland.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Other singles
2002: "Cielo e Terra (Heaven and Earth)" (with Nek)
2016: "Lonely" (with DJ Tomekk)
Featured in
References
External links
Official website
1978 births
Living people
Musicians from Salt Lake City
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Orbit insertion is the spaceflight operation of adjusting a spacecraft's momentum, in particular to allow for entry into a stable orbit around a planet, moon, or other celestial body. This maneuver involves either deceleration from a speed in excess of the respective body's escape velocity, or acceleration to it from a lower speed.
The result may also be a transfer orbit. There is e.g., the term descent orbit insertion. Often this is called orbit injection.
Deceleration
The first kind of orbit insertion is used when capturing into orbit around a celestial body other than Earth, owing to the excess speed of interplanetary transfer orbits relative to their destination orbits. This shedding of excess velocity is typically achieved via a rocket firing known as an orbit insertion burn. For such a maneuver, the spacecraft's engine thrusts in its direction of travel for a specified duration to slow its velocity relative to the target body enough to enter into orbit. Another technique, used when the destination body has a tangible atmosphere, is called aerocapture, which can use the friction of the atmospheric drag to slow down a spacecraft enough to get into orbit. This is very risky, however, and it has never been tested for an orbit insertion. Generally the orbit insertion deceleration is performed with the main engine so that the spacecraft gets into a highly elliptical “capture orbit” and only later the apocenter can be lowered with further decelerations, or even using the atmospheric drag in a controlled way, called aerobraking, to lower the apocenter and circularize the orbit while minimizing the use of onboard fuel. To date, only a handful of NASA and ESA missions have performed aerobraking (Magellan, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, Trace Gas Orbiter, Venus Express, ...).
Acceleration
The second type of orbit insertion is used for newly launched satellites and other spacecraft. The majority of space launch vehicles used today can only launch a payload into a very narrow range of orbits. The angle relative to the equator and maximum altitude of these orbits are constrained by the rocket and launch site used. Given this limitation, most payloads are first launched into a transfer orbit, where an additional thrust maneuver is required to circularize the elliptical orbit which results from the initial space launch. The key difference between this kind of maneuver and powered trans-planetary orbit insertion is the significantly lesser change in velocity required to raise or circularize an existing planetary orbit, versus canceling out the considerable velocity of interplanetary cruise.
Alternatives to rockets
Although current orbit insertion maneuvers require precisely timed burns of conventional chemical rockets, some headway has been made towards the use of alternative means of stabilizing orbits, such as ion thrusters or plasma propulsion engines to achieve the same result using less fuel over a longer period of time. In addition, research into the use of electrically conducting space tethers to magnetically repel the Earth's magnetic field has shown some promise, which would virtually eliminate the need for fuel altogether.
References
Spacecraft propulsion
Spaceflight concepts
Francisco Dique Sousa was a leading organizer of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Mozambique.
Sousa's future son-in-law, Chico Mapenda, had joined the LDS Church while studying in the German Democratic Republic. In 1990, when Germany was reunified, Mapenda was sent back to Mozambique. Francisco Dique Sousa had previously been a Protestant minister and was baptized in 1995. He and Mapenda shared the message of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ with people in Marromeu. Mapenda shared the gospel with other relatives in other locations, such as Sousa's son Maria Dique and her husband Chico Casse Morgan in Manga. Due to these efforts, when LDS Church missionaries arrived in Marromeu in 1996 they were able to teach and baptized about 50 people very quickly. When a branch was organized in Marromeu in 2000, Sousa became its first president.
The year before when a branch was organized in Beira, the branch president was Augusto Cherequejanhe, another son-in-law of Sousa's who had been introduced to the LDS Church by Sousa. When the Beira Mozambique District of the church was organized in April 2003, Augusto Cherequejanhe was the president with Chico Mapenda serving as his first counselor. In 1999, Sousa's grandson Jorge Chene Maunga was the first person called as a full-time missionary from Mozamique by the LDS Church.
Notes
References
2008 Deseret Morning News Church Almanac (Salt Lake City, Utah: Deseret Morning News, 2007) pp. 423–424
Garr et al. Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History, pp. 802–803
Converts to Mormonism
Mozambican leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Black Mormons
Saleem Abdul Rasheed (born June 15, 1981) is a former American and Canadian football linebacker.
Rasheed played high school football at Shades Valley High School in Birmingham, Alabama. As a senior, he was named the state's Gatorade Player of the Year.
Rasheed played college football for the University of Alabama between 1999–2001. He was selected to the 2001 All-SEC football team.
Rasheed was selected by the San Francisco 49ers in the third round of the 2002 NFL draft. As a rookie in 2002, he missed substantial playing time due to a nagging quadriceps injury.
He also played for the Houston Texans though he was cut during the 2006 preseason.
The Calgary Stampeders signed him on May 7, 2008. He helped the Stampeders win the 2008 Grey Cup.
On May 4, 2009, he was released.
From 2009–11 he worked as a teacher and coach at Erwin High School.
In February 2012, Rasheed was charged with food stamp fraud and falsifying documents in Birmingham, Alabama. He pleaded guilty to receiving $5,551 dollars in food stamps while falsely claiming to be unemployed and, in July 2012, he was sentenced to eight months in prison. Rasheed also pleaded guilty to immigration fraud arising from his allegedly marrying a Moroccan woman and subsequently marrying an American woman without divorcing his first wife. In April 2013, Rasheed was sentenced to three years in prison for having sex with two students while a teacher at Woodlawn High School in Birmingham. Although the students were at or above the age of consent in Alabama, it is illegal for a teacher to have sex with students in the state.
References
External links
Saleem Rasheed at stampeders.com
Saleem Rasheed at NFL.com
Saleem Rasheed at scout.com
1981 births
Living people
Players of American football from Birmingham, Alabama
American football linebackers
Canadian football linebackers
Players of Canadian football from Birmingham, Alabama
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
San Francisco 49ers players
Calgary Stampeders players
African-American schoolteachers
People convicted of sex crimes
American people convicted of fraud
People convicted of immigration fraud
Prisoners and detainees of Alabama
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Rapti Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising five districts, namely, Dang, Pyuthan, Rolpa, Rukum and Salyan. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Rapti Zone.
Rapti Zone
List of monuments in Dang District
List of monuments in Pyuthan District
List of monuments in Rolpa District
List of monuments in Rukum District
List of monuments in Salyan District
References
Rapti Zone
Rapti Zone
Thomas Fabbri (born 21 June 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender.
Career
Fabbri spent the 2009–10 season with the Cesena youth reserve side in the national "spring" league. In June 2011 he was exchanged with Luigi Palumbo. Both players were signed by co-ownership deal and valued the 50% registration rights for €1 million. Both clubs had a selling profit of nearly €2 million, however the increase only in form of intangible asset (the contract value of T.Fabbri and L.Palumbo) Both players signed a 4-year contract.
T.Fabbri joined Bellaria along with other Cesena team-mate Jacopo Luppi, Marcello Scarponi, Michele Gabbianelli. The Romagna club also retained Alessio Briglia who already transferred to Cesena in March 2011. Moreover, the team was coached by Nicola Campedelli, the brother of Cesena president.
In summer 2012 he was signed by Santarcangelo. The co-ownership of T.Fabbri was renewed and Palumbo joined Cesena outright on 20 June 2013. On the same day Cesena also bought back Nicola Del Pivo and sold Gianluca Lapadula back to Parma. in June 2014 the co-ownership was renewed again.
References
External links
Football.it Profiles
Italian footballers
A.C. Cesena players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
A.C. Bellaria Igea Marina players
Santarcangelo Calcio players
Association football defenders
1991 births
Living people
Subarna Jwarchan is a Nepalese politician currently serving as a member of parliament at the House of Representatives for Nepali Congress as a list MP. She was elected to the parliament as a replacement for Gyan Kumari Chhantyal who had died.
References
Nepal MPs 2017–
Living people
Nepali Congress politicians from Lumbini Province
1946 births
Members of the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly
Karel Kesselaers (born 3 September 1959) is a Belgian former soccer player. In 1983, he was selected as player of the season by KV Mechelen in the same year of their promotion to the Belgian League. In 1987, he won the Belgian Cup, also with KV Mechelen, and in 1988 he won the European Cup Winners Cup with the team.
External links
Profile at Voetbal International
K.S.K. Beveren players
Living people
1959 births
Association football defenders
Belgian footballers
K.V. Mechelen players
Francs Borains players
The Lancia Rally (Tipo 151, also known as the Lancia Rally 037, Lancia 037 or Lancia-Abarth #037 from its Abarth project code SE037) was a mid-engine sports car and rally car built by Lancia in the early 1980s to compete in the FIA Group B World Rally Championship. Driven by Markku Alén, Attilio Bettega, and Walter Röhrl, the car won Lancia the manufacturers' world championship in the 1983 season. It was the last rear-wheel drive car to win the WRC.
History
In 1980 Lancia began the development of the 037 to comply with the then new FIA Group B regulations that allowed cars to race with relatively few homologation models being built. As the project name was number 037, this eventually became the name by which the car was known. Abarth, now a part of the Lancia-Fiat family, did most of the design work, even incorporating styling cues from some of its famous race cars of the 1950s and 1960s such as a double bubble roofline. The car was developed in collaboration between Pininfarina, Abarth, Dallara and the project manager, engineer Sergio Limone. Prior to its first participation in the 1982 World Rally Championship season, 200 road-going models were built to comply with Group B regulations.
The car made its competition debut at the 1982 Rally Costa Smeralda in Italy, where two cars were entered but both retired due to gearbox issues. The 1982 season was plagued with retirements for the 037, but the new car did manage to achieve several wins including its first win at the Pace Rally in the UK. The 1983 season was considerably more successful for the 037: Lancia took the 1983 World Rally Championship Constructors' title with Germany's Walter Röhrl and Finland's Markku Alén its principal drivers, despite serious competition from the 4WD Audi Quattro. Both drivers, however, missed the final round of the series, despite Röhrl maintaining a mathematical chance of the drivers' title: such honours instead went to Audi's veteran Finn, Hannu Mikkola.
For the 1984 Constructors' title defence, Lancia introduced an Evolution 2 version of the 037 with improved engine power output, but this was not enough to stem the tide of 4WD competition, losing to Audi in both 1984 championships, and again to the 4WD Peugeot 205 T16 in its final works season in 1985. Indeed, Alén collected the final 037 wins, and the sole one for the E2 model, on the 1984 Tour De Corse, before it was finally pensioned off in favour of its successor, the uniquely supercharged and turbocharged 4WD Delta S4, for the season-ending RAC Rally in Great Britain. Driver Attilio Bettega died in a 037 crash in 1985.
António Rodrigues won the 1984 Falperra International Hill Climb in a 037.
Specifications
Similar to the concept of a silhouette racer; while the 037 was loosely based on the Lancia Montecarlo (also known as Scorpion in the US and Canadian markets) road car, they shared only the center section with all body panels and mechanical parts being significantly different. Steel subframes were used fore and aft of the 037's center section, while most of the body panels were made from Kevlar. However the 037 was designated and sold as a distinct model, not as a Montecarlo, and both the street and race versions of it were built using the same construction methods, so it does not qualify as an actual silhouette racer.
The mid-engined layout of the Montecarlo was retained, but the engine was turned 90 degrees from a transverse position to a longitudinal position. This allowed greater freedom in the design of the suspension while moving engine weight forward.
An independent double wishbone suspension was used on both the front and rear axles, with dual shock absorbers in the rear in order to cope with the stresses of high speed off road driving. The 037 is notable in Group B as it retained the rear-wheel drive layout that was nearly universal for rally cars of the pre-Group B period; nearly all subsequent successful rally cars used four-wheel drive, making the 037 the last of its kind.
Unlike its predecessor, the V6-powered Lancia Stratos HF, the first 037s had a 2.0-litre 4-cylinder supercharged engine. Based on the long stroke twin cam engine which powered earlier Fiat Abarth 131 rally cars, the four valve head was carried over from the 131 Abarth but the original two carburetors were replaced by a single large Weber carburetor in early models and later with fuel injection. The 037 features a ZF transaxle.
Lancia also chose a supercharger over a turbocharger to eliminate turbo lag and improve throttle response. Initially, power was quoted at but was increased to . The final Evolution 2 models engine generated due to a displacement increase to .
Detailed Specifications
Street car
Body: kevlar reinforced with fiberglass
Weight: in running condition
Dimensions: length , width , height , wheelbase
Engine configuration: longitudinally mounted Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive layout, Straight-4
Bore X Stroke:
Displacement:
Max. power: at 7,000 rpm
Max. torque: at 5,000 rpm
Supercharger: Abarth Volumex system with pressure between
Lubrication: dry sump
Valvetrain: DOHC driven by belt, 4 valves per cylinder
Clutch: Single dry plate, diameter with hydraulic foot pedal
Transmission: ZF The type claw, 5-speed plus reverse
Differential: Self-Locking with two shafts fitted with CV joints
Front suspension: Independent double wishbone, coil springs, gas shock absorbers and stabilizer bar
Rear Suspension: Identical to front but with dual shock absorbers and without bar
Wheels: Speedline 16" alloy wheels, Pirelli P7 205/55 VR 16 tires
Steering: Rack and pinion, lubricated and shock
Cooling: Forced with pump and radiator front
Ignition: Electronic inductive discharge Marelli AEI 200 A
Rally car
Body: Polyester resin reinforced with glass fibre and flame retardant
Weight: in running condition
Dimensions: length , width , height , wheelbase
Engine: mid-engine mounted longitudinally, 4 cylinders in line
Displacement: 1995 cm³, 2111 cm³ (Evolution 2 only)
Bore and Stroke: x 90 mm, x 93 mm (Evolution 2)
Maximum torque: at 5,000 rpm, at 5,500 rpm (Evolution 2)
Maximum power: at 8,000 rpm, (Evolution 2)
Supercharger: Abarth Volumex system with pressure between 0.60 and 0.90 bar (1 bar on the Evolution 2)
Lubrication: Forced dry sump oil tank
Layout: Rear-wheel-drive
Distribution: Dual overhead cam shaft driven by belt, four valves per cylinder
Clutch: Single dry plate with sealing metal-Valeo, diameter with hydraulic foot pedal
Change: Five-speed plus reverse
Differential: ZF-Abarth type self-locking with two shafts fitted with CV joints
Front suspension: independent wheels with two wishbones, coil springs, Bilstein gas shock absorbers and anti roll bar
Rear Suspension: Identical to front but with dual shock absorbers and without bar
Wheels:
Gravel version: Front; Speedline 15-inch front alloy wheels, 205/50 Pirelli P7 Corsa tyres. Rear; 16-inch alloy wheels with 295/60/16 tyres;
Asphalt version: Front: 16-inch. Rear: 18-inch wheels.
Steering: Rack and pinion with scaler
Brakes: Brembo-Abarth disc brakes on all four wheels with alloy calipers
Cooling: Forced with pump and radiator front
Ignition: Electronic inductive discharge Marelli AEI 200 A
Rally results
World Rally Championship for Manufacturers - results
Notes:
World Rally Championship - rally wins
037 Stradale
Homologation requirements for the World Rally Championship's Group B mandated Lancia to produce at minimum 200 verifiable road-going examples in order to compete with the 037. 207 037 Stradale (Italian for "road going/for the road") cars are known to have been produced from 1982 through 1984. This road-going 037 variant was equipped with an Abarth-developed DOHC 2.0-litre (1,995 cc) 16-valve Inline-four engine, mated to an Abarth Volumex Roots-type supercharger generating at 7,000 rpm. It was capable of pushing the car to over and to from a standstill in 5.8 seconds.
Gallery
Books
References
External links
Lancia rally cars
Group B cars
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 1982
Dallara racing cars
Abarth vehicles
Pininfarina vehicles
World Rally championship-winning cars
The Missing Links were an Australian garage rock, R&B, and protopunk group from Sydney who were active from 1964 to 1966. The group was known for wearing their hair long and smashing their equipment on-stage. Throughout the course of 1965, the band would go through a complete and total lineup change resulting in two completely different versions of the band: the first consisted of Peter Anson on guitar, Dave Boyne on guitar, Bob Brady on vocals, Danny Cox on drums and Ronnie Peel on bass and released their debut single, "We 2 Should Live" in March 1965.
The second and better-known version had none of the previous members and consisted of Andy Anderson on vocals (initially also on drums), Chris Gray on keyboards and harmonica, Doug Ford on vocals and guitar, Baden Hutchens on drums, and Ian Thomas on bass, and released their debut album, The Missing Links in December. According to Allmusic's, Richie Unterberger, "This aggregation cut the rawest Australian garage/punk of the era, and indeed some of the best from anywhere, sounding at their best like a fusion of the Troggs and the early Who, letting loose at times with wild feedback that was quite ahead of its time."
History
Origins
The Missing Links formed in early 1964 in Sydney, Australia with the line-up of Peter Anson on guitar, Dave Boyne on guitar, Bob Brady on vocals, Danny Cox on drums and Ron Peel on bass guitar (ex-Mystics). With their long hair, according to one venue owner, "they looked like a cross between man and ape" and so were named, the Missing Links (see transitional fossil). In November, the group played a benefit concert to support Oz founders, Richard Neville, Richard Walsh and Martin Sharp. The trio had been charged with obscenity and were awaiting trial.
The first version of the band recorded a single, "We 2 Should Live" which was released in March 1965 on the Parlophone label. By that time, Boyne was replaced on guitar by John Jones (Mystics) and Cox left soon after with New Zealand-born Andy Anderson (as Andy James aka Neville Anderson) joining, initially on drums. The band briefly broke up in July. Peter Anson formed a band, the Syndicate. They evolved into Jeff St. John and The Id. Bob Brady joined Python Lee Jackson, and Ron Peel joined Brisbane-based group, The Pleazers. In 1968 He became Rockwell T. James and formed The Rhythm Aces. A single "Love Power" was released. Ronnie then went to England and joined Thunderclap Newman and later on, The La-De-Das.By 1976 he was Rockwell T. James once more and had hits with "Come on Home" and "Roxanne"
Second lineup
The Missing Links reformed before the end of July with Anderson and Jones joined temporarily by Dave Longmore on vocals and guitar, Frank Kennington on vocals and Col Risby on guitar. Longmore was soon replaced by Doug Ford with Chris Gray joining on keyboards and harmonica, Baden Hutchens on drums and Ian Thomas on bass guitar (both ex-Showmen) completed the line-up of the second version, which was "even more fierce version than the first". During live performances, Anderson would climb walls to hang from rafters, then drive his head into the drums, other band members smashed guitars into speakers and all wore the latest Carnaby Street clothes.
With this totally new lineup, the group signed with Philips Records and released "You're Drivin' Me Insane" in August 1965 followed in September by "Wild About You". Veteran rock 'n' roller, Johnny O'Keefe was not a fan – he banned them from appearing on his television show, Sing Sing Sing. They issued another single in October, "H'tuom Tuhs," which was their version of "Mama Keep Your Big Mouth Shut," but with the tape reel played backwards on both sides of the record (as parts 1 and 2). It was followed by their debut album, The Missing Links, in December. According to Allmusic's, Richie Unterberger, "This aggregation cut the rawest Australian garage/punk of the era, and indeed some of the best from anywhere, sounding at their best like a fusion of the Troggs and the early Who, letting loose at times with wild feedback that was quite ahead of its time". In 1966 Baden Hutchins and Ian Thomas would depart. Hutchins, tired of the rock & roll lifestyle, was engaged to be married. Thomas returned to the Showmen, while the remaining members – Anderson, Gray, Ford and Jones – continued with an extended play, The Links Unchained in April 1966. The group disbanded in August.
Later developments
After The Missing Links had disbanded, Anderson and Ford formed Running Jumping Standing Still in Melbourne in August 1966. Anderson later became an actor on Australian and New Zealand television. Ford was lead guitarist in The Masters Apprentices from 1968. John Jones became a screenwriter in Hollywood.
Legacy
Their self-titled 1965 LP was re-issued by Raven Records on vinyl in 1986 and (with a number of bonus tracks) by the Half A Cow label on CD in 2001. The original LP has sold to collectors for as much as A$2000 in August 2004.
The Missing Links have influenced many later Australian punk and hard rock groups, including The Saints who covered "Wild About You" on their first album, (I'm) Stranded (1977). In October 2010, The Missing Links' debut album, The Missing Links was listed in the top 50 in the book, 100 Best Australian Albums. In 1965 they released records under two completely different lineups within the space of one year. They were one of the first rock groups to experiment with backward tapes and would do so in 1965, on both sides of their single, "H'tuom Tuhs," almost a year before the Beatles' experiments during the Revolver sessions.
Members
Peter Anson – guitar, vocals
Dave Boyne – guitar
Bob Brady – vocals, percussion
Danny Cox – drums
Ronnie Peel – bass guitar, harmonica
John Jones – guitar
Andy Anderson (as Andy James aka Neville Anderson) – vocals, drums
Dave Longmore – vocals, guitar
Frank Kennington – vocals
Col Risby – guitar
Doug Ford – vocals, guitar
Chris Gray – keyboards, harmonica
Baden Hutchens – drums, vocals
Ian Thomas – bass, vocals
References
General
Note: Archived [on-line] copy has limited functionality.
Marks, Ian D., Ian, and McIntyre, Iain. (2010) Wild About You: The Sixties Beat Explosion in Australia and New Zealand Verse Chorus Press. Portland, London, Melbourne. Foreword by Ian McFarlane. - covers 60s garage rock scene in Australia and New Zealand
Specific
Musical groups disestablished in 1966
Musical groups established in 1964
New South Wales musical groups
Lieutenant General Khushdil Khan Afridi served as the Governor of Balochistan, Pakistan from 18 November 1984 to 30 December 1985 during General Zia ul Haq's martial law administration. Afridi was the last military governor of Balochistan province.
After retiring from gubernatorial service, he became the first commander of the XII Corps, which he led until May 1987.
References
Pakistani generals
Pakistani politicians
Pashtun people
Governors of Balochistan, Pakistan
USS Seaward (IX-60) was a schooner of the United States Navy during World War II. The ship was built by the Adams Company, East Boothbay, Maine, in 1920. She was acquired by the Navy on 31 January 1942 from Cecil B. DeMille Productions, Los Angeles, California.
Service history
The auxiliary schooner was placed in service on 19 February 1942, assigned to the 11th Naval District, and homeported at San Pedro, California. On 23 July, Seaward was assigned to the Western Sea Frontier.
Seaward ended the year at Mare Island Navy Yard. She was placed out of service on 1 April 1943, and was struck from the Navy List on 18 July 1944.
References
External links
The Seaward
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in Boothbay, Maine
1920 ships
Ampezzoa triassica is an extinct species of gall mite described from the Carnian of northeastern Italy. It lived as a parasite of Cheirolepidiaceae trees. The only known specimen, preserved in amber, is 0.124 mm long. It resembles very much, in body shape and wax secretions, the contemporary gall mite Cymeda zealandica. Along with Triasacarus fedelei and an unnamed dipteran, it is the oldest arthropod found enclosed in amber.
Ampezzoa had a vagrant lifestyle on the surface of its host. It secreted waxy filaments, as a defense against predation and desiccation.
References
Triassic arthropods
Mesozoic arachnids
Fossils of Italy
Late Triassic animals of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 2012
Fauna is a Roman rustic goddess said in differing ancient sources to be the wife, sister, or daughter of Faunus (the Roman counterpart of Pan). Varro regarded her as the female counterpart of Faunus, and said that the fauni all had prophetic powers. She is also called Fatua or Fenta Fauna.
Name
Etymology
The name Fauna is a feminine form of Latin Faunus, the deity of the countryside. Faunus itself is generally thought to stem from Proto-Italic *fawe or *fawono, ultimately from Proto-Indo-European *bʰh₂u-n ('favourable'). Consequently, Georges Dumézil translated her name as "the Favourable."
In his conceptual approach to Roman deity, Michael Lipka sees Faunus and Fauna as an example of a characteristically Roman tendency to form gender-complementary pairs within a sphere of functionality. The male-female figures never have equal prominence, and one partner (not always the female) seems to have been modelled on the other. An Oscan dedication naming Fatuveís (= Fatui, genitive singular), found at Aeclanum in Irpinia, indicates that the concept is Italic. Fauna has also been dismissed as merely "an artificial construction of scholarly casuistics."
Ancient interpretations
Varro explained the role of Faunus and Fauna as prophetic deities:
Fauni are gods of the Latins, so that there is both a male Faunus and a female Fauna; there is a tradition that they used to speak of (fari) future events in wooded places using the verses they call 'Saturnians', and thus they were called 'Fauni' from 'speaking' (fando).
Servius identifies Faunus with Fatuclus, and says his wife is Fatua or Fauna, deriving the names as Varro did from fari, "to speak," "because they can foretell the future." The early Christian author Lactantius called her Fenta Fauna and said that she was both the sister and wife of Faunus; according to Lactantius, Fatua sang the fata, "fates," to women as Faunus did to men. Justin said that Fatua, the wife of Faunus, "being filled with divine spirit assiduously predicted future events as if in a madness (furor)," and thus the verb for divinely inspired speech is fatuari.
While several etymologists in antiquity derived the names Fauna and Faunus from fari, "to speak," Macrobius regarded Fauna's name as deriving from faveo, favere, "to favor, nurture," "because she nurtures all that is useful to living creatures." According to Macrobius, the Books of the Pontiffs (pontificum libri) treated Bona Dea, Fauna, Ops, and Fatua as names for the same goddess, Maia.
See also
List of Roman deities
References
Citations
General bibliography
Roman goddesses
Foreign relations exist between Austria and France. Both countries have had diplomatic relations with each other since the Middle Ages. For historical relations between France and the Habsburg Empire, see French–Habsburg relations. Both countries are full members of the European Union.
Resident diplomatic missions
Austria has an embassy in Paris and a consulate-general in Strasbourg.
France has an embassy in Vienna.
See also
Foreign relations of Austria
Foreign relations of France
List of Ambassadors of France to Austria
Austrians in France
Frenchs in Austria
References
France
Bilateral relations of France
Edward “Teddy” Rowe (born 17 October 2003) is an English footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Aston Villa.
Career
Rowe joined the Aston Villa youth setup at the under-9 level. He was one of several scholars who were fast-tracked into the under-18 squad in July 2020.
On 8 January 2021, Rowe made his first team debut for Aston Villa as a substitute in a FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool, after Villa had been forced to name a team of inexperienced academy players after a COVID-19 outbreak had affected the first team.
On 7 July 2022, Rowe signed his first professional contract with Aston Villa.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2003 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Aston Villa F.C. players
The Sangkhuwa is a river and valley in the Sankhuwasawa District. It is a tributary of the Arun.
References
Rivers of the Province No. 1
The 1960 Iowa gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1960. Republican nominee Norman A. Erbe defeated Democratic nominee Edward Joseph McManus with 52.14% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on June 6, 1960.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Edward Joseph McManus, incumbent Lieutenant Governor
Harold Hughes, Chairman of the State Commerce Commission
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Norman A. Erbe, Attorney General of Iowa
Jack Schroeder, State Senator
William H. Nicholas, former Lieutenant Governor
Results
General election
Candidates
Norman A. Erbe, Republican
Edward Joseph McManus, Democratic
Results
References
1960
Iowa
Gubernatorial
William Henry Duignan (16 August 1824 – 27 March 1914) was a solicitor who lived in and around the town of Walsall for his entire life. He was better known as an antiquarian, writer, historian and local politician and wrote a number of books and pamphlets about local history and especially on the etymology of place naming, many of which are still available today.
Life
Duignan was born of Irish descent in Walsall in 1824; his grandfather, latterly a master at Walsall Grammar School, had emigrated to England from County Longford.
He had three children, Florency-Mary, Ernest-Henry, and George-Stubbs, by Mary Minors, of Fisherwick, whom he married in 1850; and a further three children, Bernard, Carl, and Oscar, by Jenny Petersen, of Stockholm, whom he married in 1868.
An antiquarian and etymologist, he wrote three histories of place names and a monograph on Rushall Hall, where he had lived for 29 years.
He travelled widely around Britain and Ireland, earning the nickname "the man on a tricycle" after his preferred mode of travel. He was often accompanied in his travels by the Staffordshire businessman and writer Willam Henry Robinson.
Works
Duignan's most widely known works are his three etymologies of place names in the West Midlands, Notes on Staffordshire Place Names (1902), Worcestershire Place Names (1905), and Warwickshire Place Names (1912); all are still available in reproduction form today.
Arms
References
Bibliography
Notes on Staffordshire Place Names (1902)
Worcestershire Place Names (1905)
A Forgotten Worcestershire Monastery (1910)
Warwickshire Place Names (1912)
Further reading
1824 births
1914 deaths
People from Walsall
British solicitors
British antiquarians
British historians
In systems theory, a linear system is a mathematical model of a system based on the use of a linear operator.
Linear systems typically exhibit features and properties that are much simpler than the nonlinear case.
As a mathematical abstraction or idealization, linear systems find important applications in automatic control theory, signal processing, and telecommunications. For example, the propagation medium for wireless communication systems can often be
modeled by linear systems.
Definition
A general deterministic system can be described by an operator, that maps an input, as a function of to an output, a type of black box description.
A system is linear if and only if it satisfies the superposition principle, or equivalently both the additivity and homogeneity properties, without restrictions (that is, for all inputs, all scaling constants and all time.)
The superposition principle means that a linear combination of inputs to the system produces a linear combination of the individual zero-state outputs (that is, outputs setting the initial conditions to zero) corresponding to the individual inputs.
In a system that satisfies the homogeneity property, scaling the input always results in scaling the zero-state response by the same factor. In a system that satisfies the additivity property, adding two inputs always results in adding the corresponding two zero-state responses due to the individual inputs.
Mathematically, for a continuous-time system, given two arbitrary inputs
as well as their respective zero-state outputs
then a linear system must satisfy
for any scalar values and , for any input signals and , and for all time
The system is then defined by the equation where is some arbitrary function of time, and is the system state. Given and the system can be solved for
The behavior of the resulting system subjected to a complex input can be described as a sum of responses to simpler inputs. In nonlinear systems, there is no such relation.
This mathematical property makes the solution of modelling equations simpler than many nonlinear systems.
For time-invariant systems this is the basis of the impulse response or the frequency response methods (see LTI system theory), which describe a general input function in terms of unit impulses or frequency components.
Typical differential equations of linear time-invariant systems are well adapted to analysis using the Laplace transform in the continuous case, and the Z-transform in the discrete case (especially in computer implementations).
Another perspective is that solutions to linear systems comprise a system of functions which act like vectors in the geometric sense.
A common use of linear models is to describe a nonlinear system by linearization. This is usually done for mathematical convenience.
The previous definition of a linear system is applicable to SISO (single-input single-output) systems. For MIMO (multiple-input multiple-output) systems, input and output signal vectors (, , , ) are considered instead of input and output signals (, , , .)
This definition of a linear system is analogous to the definition of a linear differential equation in calculus, and a linear transformation in linear algebra.
Examples
A simple harmonic oscillator obeys the differential equation:
.
If
,
then is a linear operator. Letting we can rewrite the differential equation as which shows that a simple harmonic oscillator is a linear system.
Other examples of linear systems include those described by , , , and any system described by ordinary linear differential equations. Systems described by , , , , , , , and a system with odd-symmetry output consisting of a linear region and a saturation (constant) region, are non-linear because they don't always satisfy the superposition principle.
The output versus input graph of a linear system need not be a straight line through the origin. For example, consider a system described by (such as a constant-capacitance capacitor or a constant-inductance inductor). It is linear because it satisfies the superposition principle. However, when the input is a sinusoid, the output is also a sinusoid, and so its output-input plot is an ellipse centered at the origin rather than a straight line passing through the origin.
Also, the output of a linear system can contain harmonics (and have a smaller fundamental frequency than the input) even when the input is a sinusoid. For example, consider a system described by . It is linear because it satisfies the superposition principle. However, when the input is a sinusoid of the form , using product-to-sum trigonometric identities it can be easily shown that the output is , that is, the output doesn't consist only of sinusoids of same frequency as the input (), but instead also of sinusoids of frequencies and ; furthermore, taking the least common multiple of the fundamental period of the sinusoids of the output, it can be shown the fundamental angular frequency of the output is , which is different than that of the input.
Time-varying impulse response
The time-varying impulse response of a linear system is defined as the response of the system at time t = t2 to a single impulse applied at time In other words, if the input to a linear system is
where represents the Dirac delta function, and the corresponding response of the system is
then the function is the time-varying impulse response of the system. Since the system cannot respond before the input is applied the following causality condition must be satisfied:
The convolution integral
The output of any general continuous-time linear system is related to the input by an integral which may be written over a doubly infinite range because of the causality condition:
If the properties of the system do not depend on the time at which it is operated then it is said to be time-invariant and is a function only of the time difference which is zero for (namely ). By redefinition of it is then possible to write the input-output relation equivalently in any of the ways,
Linear time-invariant systems are most commonly characterized by the Laplace transform of the impulse response function called the transfer function which is:
In applications this is usually a rational algebraic function of . Because is zero for negative , the integral may equally be written over the doubly infinite range and putting follows the formula for the frequency response function:
Discrete-time systems
The output of any discrete time linear system is related to the input by the time-varying convolution sum:
or equivalently for a time-invariant system on redefining h(),
where
represents the lag time between the stimulus at time m and the response at time n.
See also
Shift invariant system
Linear time-invariant system
Nonlinear system
System analysis
System of linear equations
Systems theory
Dynamical systems
Mathematical modeling
Concepts in physics
References
Crepidolomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Crepidolomus descarpentriesi Mateu, 1986
Crepidolomus extimus (Jeannel, 1955)
References
Brachininae
Painter was a Canadian rock band formed in 1970 in Calgary.
Band history
Painter experienced a number of personnel changes. Their big hit "West Coast Woman", from the album Painter, was released in 1973. Other bands that came out of Painter include Hammersmith, 451 and Prototype.
Amongst their various alumni are a number of recording engineers. QSound was developed by Dan Lowe after experimenting in a recording session that involved multiple microphones set up around a studio. The technology was used on recordings in the 80s by Pink Floyd, Sting, Madonna and other noted artists and is currently being used in cellphones.
Band members
Drums and percussion
Bob 'Herb' Ego
James Llewelyn
Lead vocals
Doran 'Dorn' Beattie
Bass
Royden 'Wayne' Morice
Guitar
Dan Lowe
Barry Allen
Brad Steckel
Selected discography
Daybreak/I Do The Best I Can (1970 single)
Country Man/Lost The Sun (1973 single) (#89 in the RPM AC charts)
Painter (1973 album)
Track listing for 'Painter'
West Coast Woman (#16 Canada) (#160 1973 Canadian YearEnd chart), (#79 US Hot 100)
Tell Me Why
Song For Sunshine
Goin' Home To Rock n' Roll (#76 Canada)
Space Truck
Kites And Gliders
Oh! You
Slave Driver
For You
Crazy Feeling
Goin' Down The Road
References
External links
CanConRox biography
QSound
Bob Ego's site
Brad Steckel's site
Nevin Park Recording Studio
Musical groups established in 1970
Musical groups from Calgary
Canadian rock music groups
1970 establishments in Alberta
Psalmodia Choir is a choir formed in 1988 by Włodzimierz Siedlik at the Liturgy Institute of the Pontifical Academy of Theology in Kraków, Poland. In 1996 it was officially recognised as the choir of the Academy, and it is now the choir of the Pontifical University of John Paul II following the granting of university status to the Academy in 2009. Since 2001 the choir has included students from other faculties and from other universities in Kraków.
As well as performing works by composers from many countries across all epochs, Psalmodia Choir specialises in the music of contemporary Polish composers including Górecki, Penderecki and Wojciech Kilar. The choir usually sings a cappella, but has also performed vocal-instrumental works.
Psalmodia Choir has performed with the Polish Radio Choir in Kraków, presented the Johann Strauss operetta The Gypsy Baron with Opera Krakowska at the 12th Summer Opera Festival in Kraków in June 2008, and has appeared on Polish television. The choir prepared the musical setting for the Holy Mass liturgy during the papal pilgrimages to Kraków in 1991, 1997, 1999, 2002, and 2006. It was awarded first prize in the "mixed choirs" category at the 4th Choral Festival "Cantate Domino" in Kraków in May 2009.
References
Polish choirs
Musical groups established in 1988
Once Brewed (also known as Twice Brewed or Once Brewed/Twice Brewed) is a village in Northumberland, England. It lies on the Military Road (Northumberland) B6318. A motorist arriving over the B6138 from the east will see the place name shield "Once Brewed", while those coming from the west will read "Twice Brewed".
Once Brewed lies just south of Hadrian's Wall, which runs along the top of the Whin Sill ridge above the village to the north. The Roman fort of Vindolanda is a couple of miles away to the south-east. The Roman earthwork known as the Vallum runs right past Once Brewed, adjoining and also overlain by the Military Road.
Etymology
According to a sign in the Once Brewed Youth Hostel, there first was the Twice Brewed Inn, and the youth hostel was therefore called "Once Brewed". The "Once Brewed" closed in 2015/6 and was rebuilt as "The Sill". The Sill Visitor Centre and café was officially opened by Prince Charles in 2018.
Location
The village consists of the Twice Brewed Inn, a combined YHA youth hostel and Visitor Centre to the Northumberland National Park ('The Sill'), and also some farms. One of the farms is a bit further away, and is called "West Twice Brewed" on the Ordnance Survey maps.
Both the Twice Brewed Inn and the youth hostel are popular sleeping places for walkers on the Hadrian's Wall Path and the Pennine Way.
The village of Iverton, which appears on 18th-century maps of Northumberland and latterly in two probate records from the 1830s, appears to have been coextensive with, or in very close proximity to, Twice Brewed. R. G. Collingwood, writing in 1921, identifies Iverton with Everton, a "ruined farm half a mile west of Chesterholm", or roughly the distance between Chesterholm and Twice Brewed. No farm of that name appears on Ordnance Survey maps from the 1920s or earlier, however. It is possible that the name of the Twice Brewed Inn gradually became attached to the buildings around Everton as the latter fell into disrepair.
The same maps place 'Forsten', another no longer extant Northumberland village, just across Bradley Burn from Once Brewed. Collingwood's identification of Forsten with Fourstones near Hexham thus appears to be mistaken.
Twice Brewed Inn
There are several stories which explain the name of the inn. The most romantic story has it that on the eve of the Battle of Hexham in 1464, Yorkist foot soldiers demanded their beer be brewed again because it lacked its usual fighting strength. The ploy worked as the Lancastrian army later fled after an early morning raid against the rejuvenated troops. A more prosaic explanation is that 18th-century farmers tended to brew (and serve) weak ale, and hence "twice brewed" meant the inn offered stronger ale. A third theory is that Hadrian's Wall snakes its way across the brows, or "brews", of two hills where there is also a meeting of a pair of drovers' roads.
The antiquarian William Hutton walked the length of Hadrian's Wall in 1801 and stayed one night at the Twice Brewed inn. He describes how a pudding was cooked "as big as a peck measure" and "a piece of beef ... perhaps equal to half a calf." Although the inn was full, the landlady was able after some delay to find him a bed for the night.
Governance
Once Brewed is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham. Guy Opperman of the Conservative Party is the Member of Parliament.
Before Brexit, its residents voted to elect MEPs for the North East England constituency in the European Parliament.
For Local Government purposes it belongs to Northumberland County Council a unitary authority, with Once Brewed lying in the Tynedale Division. Prior to the 2009 structural changes to local government in England it was part of Tynedale Council.
References
Villages in Northumberland
Football Saved My Life was a 10-part sports reality show commissioned from Granada Productions by ITV STUDIOS for Bravo. It was initially entitled "Saved by the Ball". This program took a group of 15 dysfunctional men and turned their lives around through the medium of football. The men all faced one or more present day life issues, including too much drinking, too much smoking, poor diet, anger management, depression, confidence and gambling.
Ex-premiership footballer and self-confessed ex-alcoholic, Neil Ruddock took the manager position, along with Justin Edinburgh at his side as coach. Using a team of experts including Dr. Adam Carey from Celebrity Fit Club fame (Nutrition and Diet), Angie Dowds from TV's The Biggest Loser: UK Season 1 (Personal Training) and Keith Power (Sport psychology and mental health), the team got the contestants fitter, healthier, happier and on the road to a better future.
Celebrity football stars were introduced during training to give the "team" tips and tricks to help them on the road to their full 90-minute match planned for the final episode at the Dagenham and Redbridge football ground.
The series consisted of nine one-hour episodes and one 60-minute special. The 10 part show was broadcast in late 2006 and has been repeated several times since on Bravo and Dave.
Special guests
Luther Blissett - former England international
Dean Kiely - former Irish international
Paul Walsh - ex-Premiership footballer
Alex Best - ex-wife of George Best
Opposing Teams Played
Charlton Under 16's
London Tigers Senior 1st Team Website
Wickford Pub Team "The Duke"
The Team
Burnside (Goalkeeper) - For his likeness to The Bill's character. A.K.A. Russ Abbott, Grant Mitchell & Right Said Fred .
Puke - Vomited on the team coach on the way to the 1st day of training
Mad Dog - "Humungous Gonads" Don't make him mad! p.s. don't call him nob rot.
The Head - Because of the size of his head to his body and shaven legs!
Puddles - A small accident whilst laughing on day 1 meant he's labelled forever.
Flatscreen - Boxing is his game, and he has the nose to prove it
Mingle - Unable to say Michael as a child, this name stuck
Mo - simply short, for Morris.
Liberace - A magician on the piano and on the pitch, his delicate tones calmed the team.
The Landlord - Ex publican and now ex-smoker (for the camera).
Billy Joel - An uncanny likeness to Billy Joel and a tribute act too.
Arafat - Yasser didn't have much to pick on, so the obvious came out.
Fireman Sam - A wannabe firefighter, getting fit to achieve this dream
Salad Bar - A protein problem means he can only eat salad, so where's the weight come from? - Catchphrase "Im sorry but i just dont wanna do it".
The Pimp (Thrown Out) - You really have to see him to believe it!
Sick Note (Eliminated at Bootcamp)
Lemar (Eliminated at Bootcamp & Returned) - The nicest guy you'll ever meet.
The Final
The team were presented with a final match played at Dagenham & Redbridge football ground. The opposing team consisted of Ex-England players from yesteryear.
Southall (in Goal)
Matt Le Tissier
Frank McAvennie
Francis (Frank) Benali
Kerry Dixon
Martin Chivers
Paul Parker
Blackmore
Bolder
Walker
Aldridge
Sedgley
Kennedy
Peter Beardsley (Failed to arrive)
2000s British reality television series
Sports reality television series
Cameroon competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico.
Medalists
References
Official Olympic Reports
International Olympic Committee results database
Nations at the 1968 Summer Olympics
1968
1968 in Cameroonian sport
Leisure, pronounced lay-zher (LāZHer), is an unincorporated community in Duck Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Leisure in 1888, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1903. The community was named after Civil War veteran and pioneer Nathan J. Leisure.
Geography
Leisure is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Tony Ashworth was a former professional rugby league footballer in the 1970s. His preferred position was .
References
2019 deaths
Australian rugby league players
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
North Sydney Bears players
Rugby league wingers
The World Short Track Speed Skating Championships are a senior international short track speed skating competition held once a year to determine the World Champion in individual distances, relays and Overall Classification. It is sanctioned by the International Skating Union and is usually held in March or April.
In 1967, the International Skating Union adopted short track speed skating, although it did not organise international competitions until 1976. World Championships have been held since 1981, though earlier events later received that status.
Skaters perform individual races in the 500 meters, 1000 meters, 1500 meters, 3000 meters (super-final involving eight competitors with the highest points after completion of other distances) and a four-person race, in the 3000 meters relay for women, and the 5000 meters relay for men. Points are given for each placing in the finals of individual distances (currently 34 points for 1st, 21 for 2nd, 13 for 3rd, 8 for 4th, 5 for 5th, 3 for 6th, 2 for 7th, 1 for 8th). From 2009, the leader after first 1000m in the 3000m super-final is given extra 5 points. The athlete with the highest points after the points for all individual distances are added up (maximum 141 points, 136 points before 2009) is declared the Men's or Ladies' Overall World Short-track Speed Skating Champion. In case of a tie in points, precedence is given to the athlete with higher placing in the 3000m super-final.
The 2020 edition was supposed to be held in Seoul, South Korea, from 13 to 15 March 2020 but had been postponed after authorities ordered the closure of the Mokdong Ice Rink due to the outbreak of the coronavirus. The International Skating Union initially announced they were trying to reschedule the tournament to the beginning of the 2020–21 season but cancelled the event on 16 April 2020.
Summary
1976-1977: as a world event (World Competition)
1978-1980: as ISU championship
1981-now: as ISU World Championship
2020 Edition in Seoul was cancelled.
Overall classification medalists
Men
Ladies
All-time medal count
After the 2022 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships.
Hosting tally
Records
Largest number of titles
Men: / Viktor Ahn: 6 (2003–2007, 2014)
Ladies: Yang Yang (A) : 6 (1997–2002)
Most consecutive titles
Men: Ahn Hyun-Soo: 5 (2003–2007)
Ladies: Yang Yang (A): 6 (1997–2002)
Gold medal sweeps
Men: 2002 ( Kim Dong-Sung)
Men: 1992 ( Kim Ki-Hoon)
Ladies: 1983 ( Sylvie Daigle) – relay title not awarded despite the win in the race
Ladies: 2021 ( Suzanne Schulting)
Medal sweeps
Men: 1982–1983 ( Canada), 1992 ( South Korea)
Ladies: 1982 ( Canada), 2005 ( South Korea)
Notes
See also
World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships
World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships
World Speed Skating Championships
Short Track Speed Skating World Cup
Short track speed skating
References
External links
World Short Track
International Skating Union
Short track speed skating competitions
The Great Southern and Western Railway (GS&WR) Class 333 consistent of eight 4-4-0 mixed-traffic locomotives designed by Robert Coey and built by Inchicore railway works in 1907/8. In 1936, the successor company - the Great Southern Railways (GSR) - built five similar engines known as GSR Class 342.
Design and modifications
The design used the same taper boiler and 18 in x 20 in cylinders as Coey's express 4-4-0 express passenger engine 321; however, the smaller driving wheels and less than 16 long ton maximum axle load were suitable for go anywhere and secondary passenger and mixed duties.
The later Class 342 locomotives were essentially modeled on the 1927 rebuild of locomotive No. 338 of the 333 Class.
Service
In practice, all members of these classed were treated interchangeably for operational purposes. A maximum axle load allowed the class to be used almost anywhere. They were assessed in 1948 as quite powerful and fast and especially useful for passenger specials.
Loan to GNRI
In 1946, No. 346 (which was an oil burner at the time) was lent to the Great Northern Railway (GNRI) to operate the Dublin-Bundoran express as far as Dundalk.
References
4-4-0 locomotives
5 ft 3 in gauge locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1908
Scrapped locomotives
Cornelius Luther Keedy (March 28, 1834 – March 25, 1911) was an American pastor, physician, and academic administrator. He served as owner and president of Kee Mar College for 25 years.
Life
Keedy was born March 28, 1834, in Rohrersville, Maryland to Daniel and Sophia Miller Keedy. He was admitted to Pennsylvania College and the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg. Keedy was ordained to preach by the East Pennsylvania Lutheran Synod. He was licensed in 1859. He was pastor of Lutheran churches at various times at Johnstown, Riegelsville, Barren Hill, and Waynesboro. In 1860, Keedy married Elizabeth Wyatt Marbourg, the daughter of a Alexander Marbourg, a Johnstown merchant. After struggling his health, Keedy began studying medicine at University of Pennsylvania and graduated in New York in 1863. He practiced medicine for seven years in Iowa.
In 1875, Keedy became president of the Hagerstown Female Seminary, purchasing the institution three years later from Charles W. Humrichhouse. In 1889, the school was renamed Kee Mar College. The name is based on the first three letters of Keedy's name and the first three letters of his wife's maiden name, Marburg. While serving as president, nearly 400 women graduated from the institution and several thousand students had taken courses. Ten years before his death, he sold the college to a company. He had served as owner and president for 25 years.
After years of poor health, Keedy died of heart disease on March 25, 1911, in his home in Hagerstown, Maryland. He was survived by his wife, 2 sons, and 2 daughters.
References
External links
1834 births
1911 deaths
19th-century American Lutheran clergy
Religious leaders from Maryland
People from Hagerstown, Maryland
Gettysburg College alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
19th-century American physicians
Physicians from Maryland
American academic administrators
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Seminary presidents
Founders of schools in the United States
University and college founders
19th-century philanthropists
Phowintaung ( , also spelt as Hpowindaung, Powintaung, Po Win Taung) is a Buddhist cave complex located approximately west of Monywa and southeast of Yinmabin, in Yinmabin Township, Monywa District, Sagaing Region, Northern Burma (Myanmar). It is located on the western bank of the Chindwin River. The name of the complex means Mountain of Isolated Solitary Meditation.
The complex contains 947 small and large richly decorated caves. It is carved into a sandstone outcrop and contains numerous carved Buddha statues and mural paintings of geometric patterns and Jataka stories. The statues and paintings have been dated to between the 14th and 18th centuries.
Accessibility
It is accessible from Monywa either by direct road over the new bridge or by a ferry across the Chindwin and then taking a jeep at the scenic Nyaungbin village.
Gallery
References
Monywa - Santa Maria Travel and Tours
Monywa and Powin Daung
Luminous Journeys Travel
External links
Photos of Phowintaung
Panoramio pictures for Phowintaung
Buddhist caves in Myanmar
Buddhist temples in Myanmar
Sagaing Region
Tourist attractions in Myanmar
Love: And a Million Other Things is Claudia Brücken's first solo album, released in February 1991 and produced by Pascal Gabriel and Steve Nye.
The UK singles from the album were "Absolut(e)" and "Kiss Like Ether". Despite favourable reviews, neither of the singles reached the UK Top 40 ("Absolut(e)" peaked at No. 71, and "Kiss Like Ether" at No. 63), and the album itself also failed to chart. Brücken later blamed the album's lack of success on a change of managing director and the promotional team at Island Records just as she was completing the recording of the album. A third track from the album, "Fanatic (The Nail in My Soul)", was only released as a promotional 7" single in France.
Track listing
2010 re-issue
The album was re-issued on 27 September 2010 in the UK on the Cherry Red record label as a two-CD set, containing the original ten-track album on the first CD and a second CD entitled Love: And the B-sides and the Remixes.
Disc one
As original album
Disc two
References
1991 debut albums
Albums produced by Steve Nye
Albums produced by Pascal Gabriel
Island Records albums
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in Brussels may refer to one of several gallery paintings by David Teniers the Younger:
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in Brussels (Galdiano)
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in Brussels (Rothschild)
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in Brussels (Vienna)
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm (Brussels)
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in Brussels (Petworth)
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in Brussels (Schleissheim)
The Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in his Painting Gallery in Brussels (Prado)
Bloomer is an unincorporated community in Stony Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Geography
Bloomer is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Barbara Dirikson is an American actress known for providing the voice of fairy Flora since 2005.
Career
Barbara has appeared in many television series including, Great Performances, Lou Grant, Northern Exposure, and The Fugitive. She also appeared in many TV movies including The Taming of the Shrew, Faces of a Stranger, and Joyful Partaking. She is also the current voice actress for Flora, one of the three good fairies, in Disney Princess Enchanted Tales: Follow Your Dreams, Kingdom Hearts video-game series and Sofia the First. Following the death of Russi Taylor in 2019, she takes over the role as Fairy Godmother starting with Kingdom Hearts III.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
American video game actresses
American voice actresses
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Samuel Thomas Worcester (August 30, 1804 – December 6, 1882) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1861 to 1863.
Biography
Born in Hollis, New Hampshire, to the large Worcester family. His siblings included Henry Aiken Worcester. Worcester attended Phillips Academy and graduated from Harvard University in 1830. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1835 and began practice in Norwalk, Ohio. He served as member of the Ohio State Senate in 1849 and 1850, and served as judge of the Court of Common Pleas in 1859 and 1860.
Congress
Worcester was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-seventh Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John Sherman and served from July 4, 1861, to March 3, 1863.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law and engaged in literary pursuits. He died in Nashua, New Hampshire, on December 6, 1882.
He was interred in the South Cemetery, Hollis, New Hampshire.
References
Sources
External links
1804 births
1882 deaths
People from Hollis, New Hampshire
Ohio Republicans
People from Norwalk, Ohio
Harvard University alumni
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The year 1784 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Events
September 1 – John Sanders becomes the first architectural student of John Soane.
In Saint Petersburg, Russia, at the Gardens of Orienbaum, a ride is built that features carriages that undulate over hills within grooved tracks, a predecessor of the roller coaster.
Étienne-Louis Boullée proposes a cenotaph to Isaac Newton.
Buildings and structures
Buildings
St Andrew's Church in New Town, Edinburgh, Scotland, designed by Andrew Frazer and Robert Kay, opened.
In New London, Connecticut, the town hall is built (1784/85).
Ishak Pasha Palace is built in Turkey.
Ubosot at Wat Phra Kaew temple in Bangkok, Thailand, receives the Emerald Buddha (March 22).
Work starts on La Moneda Palace in Santiago, originally intended to house the Spanish mint in Colonial Chile, designed by Joaquín Toesca.
Awards
Grand Prix de Rome, architecture: Auguste Cheval de Saint-Hubert.
Births
January 11 – Thomas Hamilton, Scottish architect (died 1858)
January 21 – Georg Moller, German architect and town planner (died 1852)
February 29 – Leo von Klenze, German Neoclassicist architect (died 1864)
October 3 – Ithiel Town, American architect and civil engineer (died 1844)
Deaths
March – Thomas Cooley, English architect who worked in Dublin (born 1740)
April 7 – Samuel Rhoads, American architect and cultural figure (born 1711)
September 14 – James Essex, English builder and architect (born 1722)
References
Architecture
Years in architecture
18th-century architecture
The Pancharama Kshetras (or the Pancharamas) are five ancient Hindu temples of Shiva in Andhra Pradesh. The Sivalingas at these temples are made from a single Sivalinga.
Legend
As per the legend, a Shiva Lingam was owned by the Rakshasa king Tarakasura. No one could win over him due to the power of this Shiva Lingam. In the war between the Devas and Asuras under Tarakasura, Kartikeya and Tarakasura were face to face. Kartikeya used his Shakti Aayudham to kíll Tarakasura. By the power of Shakti Aayudha the body of Tarakasura was torn to pieces. But to the astonishment of Kartikeya, all the pieces reunited to give rise to Taraka. He repeatedly broke the body into pieces and yet the pieces re-unified repeatedly.
Lord Kumara Swamy was confused and was in an embarrassed state. Lord Sriman Narayana appeared before him and said “Kumara! Don't get depressed. Without breaking the Shiva Lingam worn by the asura you can't kíll him” ("You should first break the Shiva Lingam into pieces, then only you can kíll Taraka", meant Lord Vishnu). He said that after breaking, the Shiva Lingam will try to unite. To prevent the Lingam from uniting all the pieces should be fixed in the place where they fall, by way of worshiping them and building temples for them.
By taking the word of Lord Vishnu, Lord Kumara Swamy used his Aagneyaastra (weapon of fire) to break the Shiva Lingam worn by Taraka. The Lingam broke into five pieces and was trying to unite by making Omkara nada (chanting Om). Then Surya Deva by the order of Lord Vishnu, fixed the pieces and worshipped them by building temples over them. By the formation of temples, the pieces stopped their movement and became famous as Panchaarama Kshetras. All the five Shiva Lingams in these five places have scale-like marks on them which are believed to have formed by the power of Aagneyaastra used by Lord Kumara Swamy.
According to legend, these five pieces were installed as Siva Lingams at five temples by Indra, Surya, Chandra, Vishnu and Kumara Swamy at the respective places.
Temples
These places (or Aaramas) are as follows:
Amararama (in Amaravathi village, Palnadu district|Amaravati: Amaravati is in Palnadu district, on the bank of Krishna river. The remaining four are in Godavari districts (two in east Godavari and the other two in west Godavari). Bus facility is good, as all buses will go up to the temple. Amara Lingeswara swami is worshipped by Lord Indra here. The temple is old and in three circles with many temples within the compound. Bala Chamundeswari mata is the goddess here. Venu Gopala Swami temple is also in the campus of the main temple.
Draksharama (in Draksharamam): This is near Ramachandrapuram. The temple is very big and has three circles as compounds. It is under the control of the Archeological department. Lord Shri Rama worshiped Lord Shiva here, followed by Lord Surya and Indra. Manikyamaba devi, one of 18 shaktipeethas is present here.
Somarama (in Bhimavaram): Someswara swami temple is in Gunupudi. It is about 3 to 4 km from the bus stand. The temple looks new, and has a holy pond called Chandra kundam. Chandra kundam is in front of the temple. Lord Chandra got rid of his sins here by worshiping Lord Shiva here. Hence the name Someswara swami. Shivalingam change its color according to the lunar month (black at the time of Amavasya, white at the time of Pournami). Annapurna mata temple is on the second floor.
Ksheerarama (in Palakollu): Ksheera Rama Lingeswara swamy gave Sudarshana chakra to Lord Vishnu here. Upamanya Maharshi got boons and milk from Lord Shiva, hence the name Ksheera (milk) Ramalingeswara swami. The temple is near the bus stand. The temple Gopuram is very high and can be seen from the bus stand. Parvati is the goddess.
Kumararama (in Samalkota): Kumara Bhimeswara swami temple is in Samarlkota. It is about 20 km from Kakinada and about 1 km from Samarlakota Railway station. It is a very old temple under the control of the Archeological department. Lord Shiva is in the form of very big Shivalinga and one can see Shivalinga through second floor. Kumara swami laid down Shiva Linga here, hence the name Kumararamam. Bala Tripura Sundari devi is the goddess.
See also
Samarlakota
Draksharamam
Amaravati
Bhimavaram
Palakollu
References
External links
Pancharamas on Google Maps
Hindu holy cities
Shaivism
Rogue's Rock is a British series broadcast from 1974 to 1976 as three separate series of 30 minute programmes. It was bracketed as "comedy adventure". Plots varied from comic to action plots, but the latter were largely effected by use of stock library footage. The first series contained six episodes, the second series thirteen episodes and the final third series eight episodes. The programme was produced by Southern Television and broadcast on ITV. Reruns were broadcast on Talking Pictures TV from December 2020.
The main writer was Royston Caws.
Setting
All stories take place on Rogue's Rock: a supposed privately owned island off the south coast of England long-owned by the Rogue family. In reality it was filmed on the island of Herm in the Channel Islands and centred around Herm Harbour, with small boats featuring in all episodes.
Plots varied from Russian spies to romance but all had a somewhat parochial atmosphere. The first series centres on the arrival of two German strangers who are trying to find sunken treasure. Series two involved
underwater beacons around the island.
The overall population seemed to come from all around the world and there were a wide array of accents, creating a cosmopolitan mix within a parochial context.
One typically extreme plot featured both the Bolshoi Ballet and New York Metropolitan Opera arriving on the island at the same time, each wishing to perform, and being offered the quarry as a venue.
Regular characters
Clive Morton as Commander Rogue (series 1)
Donald Hewlett as his brother Wing Commander Julius Rogue (series 2 and 3) aka "Wingco"
Royston Tickner as Will Polberry
Harold Goodwin as Hawkins
Graham Simpson as Tom
Susan Dury as Jane Steele
Michael Knowles as Nigel
Other characters
Vladek Sheybal as Boris Lubchenko
Ed Bishop as Cyrus Triphammer
Shirley Allen as Princess Zina (the African princess)
Philip Madoc as Spinetti
Kristin Hatfield as Katy
Chubby Oates as Cyril
Katya Wyeth as Ilse
Anthony Chinn as Wu
David Scheuer as Max
Nicholas Amer as Uncle Achmed
References
External links
English-language television shows
Clear Networks is a licensed Australian telecommunications carrier and ISP that provides NBN Fibre, Wireless, NBN Sky Muster Satellite services, and legacy IPSTAR Satellite services. Clear Networks is headquartered in Blackburn North, Victoria.
History
Clear Networks was founded in 2004 in Melbourne, Victoria as a sister company of Day3, via the acquisition of Canberra-based Regional Broadband Services (RBBS). In April 2016, Clear Networks commenced selling NBN Sky Muster Satellite services as one of seven initial resellers.
References
External links
Clear Networks (Clear Broadband) discussion - Wireless ISPs - Whirlpool Forums
Internet service providers of Australia
Privately held companies of Australia
Telecommunication companies established in 2004
HMS Belfast is a Type 26 frigate of the Royal Navy and the second vessel named after the Northern Ireland capital Belfast. In September 2017, her name was announced by the First Sea Lord. HM ships' names are selected by the Ships' Names and Badges Committee. HMS Belfast (C35) was renamed to HMS Belfast (1938) by the Imperial War Museum to avoid confusion. She was ordered on 2 July 2017. The first steel was cut on HMS Belfast 29 June 2021 by HRH The Duke of Cambridge.
References
Proposed ships of the Royal Navy
Type 26 frigates
Gerrardanthus is a genus of flowering plants native to tropical Africa and South Africa, first described by William Henry Harvey (1811–1866), and named in honor of William Tyrer Gerrard (died 1866 in Mahavelona, Madagascar), botanical collector in Natal and Madagascar in the 1860s.
Gerrardanthus is a perennial climber, with height up to 5 m, rising from a swollen, tuberous base with a thickness of up to 1.5 m. Stems are herbaceous but becoming woody and grey-barked as they age.
Species
Gerrardanthus aethiopicus
Gerrardanthus grandiflorus
Gerrardanthus lobatus
Gerrardanthus macrorhizus
Gerrardanthus nigericus
Gerrardanthus paniculatus
Gerrardanthus parviflorus
Gerrardanthus portentosus
Gerrardanthus tomentosus
Gerrardanthus trimenii
Gerrardanthus zenkeri
References
Aluka entry
Taxonomicon entry
Cucurbit entry
ZipcodeZoo entry
Takhtajan, A., Diversity and Classification of Flowering Plants, Columbia University Press : New York, 1997.
Cucurbitaceae genera
Cucurbitaceae
Taxa named by Joseph Dalton Hooker
Bebek Bay is a small bay on the Bosphorus, in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul. It was formerly a resort area that was home to a palace of the Ottoman sultan.
See also
Bebek, Istanbul
References
Bays of Turkey
Bosphorus
Beşiktaş
Landforms of Istanbul Province
Ouara is an ancient city and former capital of the Ouaddai Empire of Chad.
Ouara may also refer to:
Ouara Department, a modern administrative unit of Chad
Ouara, Benin, a town and arrondissement in north-eastern Benin
Ouara language, an alternative name for two related Niger-Congo languages of Burkina Faso:
Samwe language
Paleni language
See also
Wara (disambiguation)
Oxidation induction time or OIT is a standardized test performed in a DSC which measures the level of thermal stabilization of the material tested. The time between melting and the onset of decomposition in isothermal conditions is measured. The atmosphere is nitrogen up to melting and then oxygen. The typical temperature is 190-220 °C.
Oxidation-induction time can be known with the use of Differential Scanning Calorimetry measurements, which is done with the sample body and a substance that will be heated in a constant rate in an atmosphere of inert gas. Once the specified temperature is attained, its atmosphere will be replaced by an air atmosphere of the said rate or an oxygen atmosphere. The specimen will be then held at a constant temperature up to the indication of oxidative reaction by exothermal deviation of DSC heat flow curve. Time interval in the middle of the start of the air flow and the beginning of the oxidation reaction is called the isothermal OIT. The said method was also mentioned and discussed on several various technical standards like DIN EN ISO 11357-6.
This test is routine when assessing the quality of organic materials or polymers, such as polyethylene pipes.
References
ISO 11357-6:2018 Plastics — Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) — Part 6: Determination of oxidation induction time (isothermal OIT) and oxidation induction temperature (dynamic OIT)
Norm ASTM D 3895
Nexor pipes
Polymer physics
Kenneth Earl Holliday (born June 25, 1949) is an American actor of stage, film, and television. He is known for his role as Ben Matlock's original private investigator, Tyler Hudson on Matlock and as Sgt. Curtis Baker on Carter Country from 1977 until 1979. He was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male for his performance in the film Great World of Sound.
Biography
Holliday, a product of the Copiague area of Long Island, New York, was raised in a Christian home, born into a Baptist family. At age 12 he lost his father. With the encouragement of his mother he participated in track at Copiague High School where he was part of the Fantastic Four Relay Team and was the star of his football team. He was nicknamed as Mr. Hotshot and was known as a "scoring machine" on and off the football field. He graduated in 1967 and attended University of Maryland on a full scholarship. As he recalled, times were turbulent and the football team was preparing to go on strike against the NCAA over a change in coaches.
He was "jazzed" by a class he took related to the history of theater and acting became his new passion. In 1969, as an undergraduate he played Yank in The Hairy Ape by Eugene O'Neill. He was the first black person to perform in a leading role on the college's "main stage."
After graduation from college his first work was with the Inaugural Theater Group at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, D.C. There, he conducted workshops as a founding member of the D.C. Black Repertory Company. In 1975, he was fired from his job because of his continued problems with drugs and alcohol. His chemical abuse continued for the next 14 years. However, despite those problems he starred in the role of Carlyle in David Rabe's Vietnam War-era play Streamers at the Lincoln Theatre.
That play led him to Los Angeles in 1976 where he guest-starred on several shows such as Kojak; What's Happening!!; The Incredible Hulk; Quincy, M.E.; Lou Grant; Soap and its spin-off series, Benson; The Jeffersons; The Fall Guy; Hart to Hart and Doogie Howser, M.D. He guest starred on many other shows. His first "featuring" television series was Carter Country where he co-starred with Victor French as Sgt. Curtis Baker from 1977 until 1979. He also was featured in Roots: The Next Generations and starred in a series of pilots which failed to make it to the air as regular series. Kene provided the voice of the character Roadblock in the 1980s cartoon series, G.I. Joe and 1987's G.I. Joe: The Movie. In 1985, he appeared in the TV film Badge of the Assassin.
In early 1986 while providing the voice of Roadblock, he received a phone call from producers Fred Silverman and Dean Hargrove. He was their first choice to play Matlock's private investigator Tyler Hudson on the Matlock series opposite TV veteran Andy Griffith. Holliday said in a 2012 interview with Blake Radio that when he was 11 years old he occasionally watched The Andy Griffith Show; he had recognized all the characters from his mentor's show and won the Matlock role. He was eventually fired from the series due to ongoing concerns around his substance abuse.
Other TV work and personal life
He has numerous television and movie appearances to his credit, including roles in G.I. Joe: The Movie (1987), CBS's made-for-television movie Miracle On The Mountain (2000), Hope & Faith (2004), and Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (2005).
He published a book of poetry in 1998 entitled The Book of K-III: The Contemporary Poetics of Kene Holliday.
Holliday became a traveling evangelist, and he and his wife spent the next decade preaching in gospel musicals.
In 2002, Holliday became the round-the-clock caregiver for his mother, who suffers from Alzheimer's disease and subsequently became a member of the Alzheimer's Foundation of America.
While taking care of his mother, he accepted the lead role in the movie Great World of Sound in 2007.
Filmography
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|-
! Year
! Title
! Role
! Notes
|-
| 1976
| Kojak
| Assistant D.A. Dunn
| Episode: "A Shield For Murder" (parts 1 and 2)
|-
| 1977–79
| Carter Country
| Sergeant Curtis Baker
| 44 episodes
|-
| 1978
| Incredible Hulk
| Paul
| Episode: "Earthquakes Happen"
|-
| 1978
| Battle of the Network Stars
| Himself
| Episode: "Battle of the Network Stars IV"
|-
| 1978
| What's Happening!!'
| The Gong Show Judge Himself
| Episode: "Going, Going, Gong"
|-
| 1979
| Quincy M.E.| Father Tony Hamilton
| Episode: "Never a Child"
|-
| 1979
| Roots: The Next Generations| Detroit
| MiniseriesPart III
|-
| 1980
| Soap| Eddie Dawson
| Episode 60
|-
| 1980
| Benson| Jake
| Episode: "Takin' It to the Streets"
|-
| 1981
| See China and Die| Sgt. Alvin Sykes
| Television film
|-
| 1982
| Hart To Hart| William Dean
| Episode: "Hart and Sole" as William Dean
|-
| 1982
| Chicago Story| Dr. Jeff House
|
|-
| 1984
| Benson| Earl (Benson's brother)
| episode "the reunion"
|-
| 1984
| The Philadelphia Experiment| Major Clark
|
|-
| 1984
| No Small Affair| Walt Cronin
|
|-
| 1985
| Badge of the Assassin| Albert Washington
| Television film
|-
| 1985–86
| G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero| Roadblock (voice)
| 36 episodes
|-
| 1986
| Diary Of A Perfect Murder| Tyler Hudson
| Television film
|-
| 1986
| The Fall Guy| Lt. Joe Budd
| Episode: "In His Shadow"
|-
| 1986–90
| Matlock| Tyler Hudson
| seasons 1–3; appeared in episode 4 & 14 in season 4
|-
| 1987
| G.I. Joe: The Movie| Roadblock (voice)
|
|-
| 1987
| If It's Tuesday, It Still Must Be Belgium| Bon Sperling
| Television film
|-
| 1990
| Perry Mason: Case of the Silenced Singer| Joe Dillon
|
|-
| 1991
| The Josephine Baker Story| Sidney Bechet
| Television film
|-
| 1991
| Doogie Howser, M.D.| Raymond's Old Mentor
| Episode: "Truth and Consequences"
|-
| 1992
| Jake and The Fatman| Montgomery Dubois
| Episode: "Ain't Misbehavin'"
|-
| 1996:
| Diagnosis Murder| Burke's Producer
| Episode: "FMurder"
|-
| 2005
| Law & Order: Special Victims Unit| Coach Veneziano
| Episode: "Ripped"
|-
| 2007
| Great World of Sound| Clarence
|
|-
| 2008
| Law & Order: Criminal Intent| Cold Case Detective
| Episode: "Last Rites"
|-
| 2009
| Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City| Theodore the Saxophone Player
| Videogame
|}
Accolades
Gotham Awards
2008: Breakthrough Actor: Great World of Sound (Nominated)
Independent Spirit Award
2008: Best Supporting Male: Great World of Sound'' (Nominated)
References
External links
1949 births
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
African-American male actors
American evangelicals
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Living people
Maryland Terrapins football players
People from Copiague, New York
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Gonzalo Gil (born September 8, 1989) is a retired Argentine footballer, who played as a forward.
Career
Gil started playing amateur football with the team of Campo Chico, the gated neighbourhood where he lived with his family. In 2007, a member of the directive board of Argentine Primera División giants River Plate watched him play and asked him to join the club's youth divisions. In 2008, playing for River's reserves, he scored the winning goal in the 1-0 victory over Boca Juniors' reserves in the Superclásico. He debuted with the first team under the guidance of coach Diego Simeone during the 2008 Apertura on a 0-1 defeat to Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy.
For the 2010–11 season, Gil was loaned along fellow River Plate companion Matías Díaz to Chilean Primera División side Ñublense.
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
Career statistics at BDFA
Living people
1989 births
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Ñublense footballers
Olaria Atlético Clube players
Centro Atlético Fénix players
Defensores de Belgrano footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Association football forwards
Emo pop (also known as emo pop punk and pop-emo) is a fusion genre combining emo with the melodies of pop punk and/or pop music. Emo pop features a music style with more concise songs and hook-filled choruses. Emo pop began in the 1990s with bands like Jimmy Eat World, the Get Up Kids, Weezer and the Promise Ring. The genre became mainstream in the early 2000s with Jimmy Eat World's album Bleed American, including the album's song "The Middle". In the 2000s, other emo pop bands that achieved mainstream success included Fall Out Boy, the All-American Rejects, My Chemical Romance, Panic! at the Disco and Paramore. The popularity of emo pop declined in the 2010s, with some prominent artists in the genre either disbanding or abandoning the emo pop style.
Characteristics
Emo pop is a fusion between emo and pop punk. AllMusic describes emo pop as blending "youthful angst" with "slick production" and mainstream appeal, using "high-pitched melodies, rhythmic guitars, and confessional lyrics concerning adolescence, relationships, and heartbreak." MasterClass describes emo pop as featuring "soaring vocals and upbeat songs with melancholy lyrics." During the 2000s, emo pop artists would fuse the "lyrical and visual elements of emo with radio-friendly sonics of pop punk." Emo pop music is notably more commercially viable than other styles of emo due to its minimal influences from indie rock and hardcore punk, and less extreme use of loud/soft dynamics. This has resulted in a sound comparable to boy band pop.
History
Origins (1990s)
Emo pop was influenced by emo and pop punk bands in the early 1990s such as California's Samiam and New York's Jawbreaker. Jawbreaker has influenced future mainstream emo pop bands like Fall Out Boy and My Chemical Romance. Pop punk band Blink-182 has been a very big influence on emo pop bands. The new generation of emo fans view the Blink-182 sound as "hugely influential," with James Montgomery writing, "[...] without them, there'd be no Fall Out Boy, no Paramore, or no Fueled by Ramen Records."
Emo pop truly began during the mid-late 1990s with bands like Jimmy Eat World, The Get Up Kids, Weezer and The Promise Ring. Weezer's Pinkerton (1996) is viewed by Spin as "a groundbreaking record for all the emo-pop that would follow" and went number 19 on the US Billboard 200 chart upon release. Jimmy Eat World made an early emo pop sound off their album Clarity (1999). Both albums were very influential on later emo and emo pop bands. According to Nicole Keiper of CMJ, Sense Field's Building (1996) pushed the band "into the emo-pop camp with the likes of the Get Up Kids and Jejune". Emo pop began to have independent success in the late 1990s. The Get Up Kids had sold over 15,000 copies of their debut album Four Minute Mile (1997) before signing to Vagrant Records, who promoted the band strongly and put them on tours opening for famous pop punk acts like Green Day and Weezer. Their album Something to Write Home About (1999) was a major success, reaching No. 31 on Billboard'''s Top Heatseekers chart.
Mainstream popularity (2000s)
AllMusic credits the birth of the mainstream success of emo pop to the 2001 release by Jimmy Eat World, Bleed American, and the success of that album's single "The Middle." Weezer's second self-titled album received major commercial success in 2001 reaching number 4 on the US Billboard 200 chart. The same year, post-hardcore band Thursday released their sophomore album Full Collapse and reached 178 on the Billboard 200 charts. The album featured screaming and more aggression separating them from other emo pop bands. The All-American Rejects received mainstream success with their 2002 self-titled debut album. The album sold over a million copies in the US alone. The album contained their hit song "Swing, Swing". Dashboard Confessional became a big player in the emo pop scene with their debut album The Swiss Army Romance (2000). The band would later receive commercial success with their albums A Mark, a Mission, a Brand, a Scar (2003) and Dusk and Summer (2006). Both albums were released under Vagrant Records which also released music by emo pop bands Saves The Day, the Get Up Kids, the Anniversary, Hey Mercedes, Hot Rod Circuit and Alkaline Trio. In 2004, Avril Lavigne released her second album Under My Skin, which is considered one of the works that anticipated the emotional intensity and theatrical aesthetics of emo-pop music in the mainstream. As the genre coalesced, the record label Fueled by Ramen became a center of the movement, releasing platinum selling albums from bands like Fall Out Boy, Panic! at the Disco and Paramore. Two main regional scenes developed in Florida, pioneered by label Fueled by Ramen, and in the Midwest, promoted by Pete Wentz of the Illinois band Fall Out Boy, which rose to the front of the style in the mid-2000s after the single "Sugar, We're Goin Down" received heavy airplay, climbing to number eight on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 music charts. Plain White T's was another Illinois emo pop band that received major mainstream success. Their album Every Second Counts (2006) went number 10 on the Billboard 200 charts and featured their number one single "Hey There Delilah". New Jersey band My Chemical Romance was one of the faces of emo pop during the 2000s. MCR's albums Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge (2004) and The Black Parade (2006) both sold more than 3 million copies in the US alone. The latter of the albums debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200 charts. The album's lead single "Welcome to the Black Parade" topped the US Alternative Songs chart and reached number 9 on the Billboard hot 100. Taking Back Sunday's third album Louder Now (2006) debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200 charts. Hawthorne Heights's sophomore album If Only You Were Lonely (2006) reached number 3 on the Billboard 200, achieving mainstream success outside of the hardcore punk scene unlike some of their contemporaries. We the Kings released their debut self-titled studio album which had an emo pop sound. The lead single on the album "Check Yes Juliet" went certified Platinum in the United States. The emo pop band Metro Station fused emo aesthetics with pop music and electronic music on their 2007 self-titled album. The band's single "Shake It" went number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts. Also in 2008, You Me at Six released their debut album Take Off Your Colours, which had been described by AllMusic's Jon O'Brien as "follow[ing] the "emo-pop for dummies"' handbook word-for-word." The album would later be certified gold in the UK. In 2009 All-Time Low released their third studio album Nothing Personal which debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200 charts. AllMusic states that the album "helped make All-Time Low one of the top emo-pop acts in the business".
Decline in popularity (2010s)
Since the early 2010s, emo pop has seen a decrease in mainstream success. While many 2000s emo pop bands are still popular, some of them have ventured on to different sounds and aesthetics outside of the genre. Emo pop bands Thursday, The Academy Is..., Good Charlotte, Hey Monday, Forever the Sickest Kids and My Chemical Romance disbanded or went on hiatus during the early 2010s. The emo pop band Panic! at the Disco's 2013 album Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die! abandons their emo pop sound which is heard primarily on A Fever You Can't Sweat Out'' and has many characteristics and influences from hip hop music, new wave music, electropop and synthpop. The emo pop band Fall Out Boy went on hiatus from 2009 to 2013 but returned with a new sound on their album Save Rock and Roll. The album has characteristics of pop music, alternative rock, pop rock and general pop punk. Paramore ventured away from their emo pop sound on their self-titled album (2013) which has some characteristics of power pop, pop rock and new wave. Despite this decrease in popularity a number of emo pop bands have garnered fan bases in the 2010s including Sorority Noise, Real Friends, Boston Manor and Moose Blood.
See also
List of emo pop albums
List of emo pop bands
References
Emo
Pop punk
Fusion music genres
American rock music genres
Punk rock genres
American styles of music
20th-century music genres
21st-century music genres
2000s fads and trends
1990s in music
2000s in music
Chlístov may refer to places in the Czech Republic:
Chlístov (Benešov District), a municipality and village in the Central Bohemian Region
Chlístov (Rychnov nad Kněžnou District), a municipality and village in the Hradec Králové Region
Chlístov (Třebíč District), a municipality and village in the Vysočina Region
Chlístov, a village and part of Hořičky in the Hradec Králové Region
Chlístov, a village and part of Kratušín in the South Bohemian Region
Chlístov, a village and part of Nadějkov in the South Bohemian Region
Chlístov, a village and part of Neustupov in the Central Bohemian Region
Chlístov, a village and part of Okrouhlice in the Vysočina Region
Chlístov, a village and part of Všelibice in the Liberec Region
Chlístov, a village and part of Železný Brod in the Liberec Region
See also
Chlistov, a municipality and village in the Plzeň Region
Eligma malgassica is a moth in the family Nolidae. This species was first described by Walter Rothschild in 1896 and is endemic to Madagascar.
Notes
The Afromoths database refers to the species as Eligma malagassica as does the Global Lepidoptera Names Index of the Natural History Museum, London.
References
Moths described in 1896
Eligminae
Lukáš Kováč (born 21 June 1987) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for FK Spišská Nová Ves.
References
External links
FK Spišská Nová Ves official club profile
Futbalnet profile
Profile at spartak.sk
1987 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak Trnava players
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce players
FK Spišská Nová Ves players
Slovak Super Liga players
People from Spišská Nová Ves
Silent Storm is a 2003 tactical role-playing game for the PC.
Silent Storm may also refer to:
Silent Storm (film), a 2003 documentary by Peter Butt
Silent Storm Records, a UK record label
"Silent Storm" (song), a 2014 song by Carl Espen and Norway's representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014
See also
Quiet storm (disambiguation)
The 2020–21 Lietuvos krepšinio lyga, also called Betsafe-LKL for sponsorship reasons, was the 28th season of the top-tier level professional basketball league of Lithuania, the Lietuvos krepšinio lyga (LKL). Žalgiris achieved their 23rd title overall, eleven consecutive.
Competition format
During the regular season, all teams play 36 games. The top eight teams in the regular season standings, after playing their entire 36 game schedule, qualified for the playoffs in the quarterfinals, that was played in a best-of-three game format. The semifinals were played in best-of-three format.
The final round was played between the two winners of the semifinals. The finals series, for first place, as also games for third place were played in a best-of-five format.
Notable events
On 30 September 2020, the LKL has reached a historic agreement - LKL will be broadcast in foreign countries for the first time since its establishment.
On 9 October 2020, the LKL decided that the match between Žalgiris and Nevėžis-Optibet on 11 October 2020 and the match between Juventus and Alytus Dzūkija on 10 October 2020 are postponed.
On 27 October 2020, the LKL Board has decided how to deal with the spread of COVID-19 infection and how the LKL championship matches will take place. The minimum number of players in a team in order to play a match is 8 players, if there is no such number of players in the team, the match will be suspended and postponed to the next date.
On 27 April 2021, the LKL board decided that 11 teams will participate in the tournament for the next 2021-22 LKL season. Next season, a team from NKL Cbet Jonava, which won the NKL title this year, will join LKL. The team that will take last place this season will not relegate to NKL.
On 7 June 2021, the last match of the Betsafe-LKL final series took place. Žalgiris won the Betsafe-LKL title, it is already the 23rd Žalgiris title and the 11th consecutive title.
Teams
Location and arenas
Ten teams were granted licences for the 2020–21 LKL season.
Managerial changes
Regular season
League table
Results
Play–offs
Quarterfinals will be played in the best–of–three games format, while semifinals and the finals in the best–of–five format.
Bracket
Lithuanian clubs in European competitions
Awards
All official awards of the 2020–21 LKL season.
Regular Season MVP
LKL Finals MVP
Other awards
Best coach of the season
All-LKL Teams
Source:
Player of the month
Statistics
Individual statistics
Rating
Source: LKL.LT
Points
Source: LKL.LT
Rebounds
Source: LKL.LT
Assists
Source: LKL.LT
Other statistics
Source: LKL.LT
Individual game highs
Source: LKL.LT
Team statistics
Source: LKL.LT
Sponsors
References
External links
LKL website
Lietuvos krepšinio lyga seasons
Lithuanian
LKL
2021 in Lithuanian sport
2020 in Lithuanian sport
William King (22 April 1809 – 24 June 1886), was an Anglo-Irish geologist at Queen's College Galway. He was the first (in 1864) to propose that the bones found in the German valley of Neanderthal in 1856 were not of Homo sapiens, but of a distinct species: Homo neanderthalensis. He proposed the name of this new species at a meeting of the British Association in 1863, with the written version published in 1864.
Life
King was born to William King, a coal worker, and his wife Eleanor née Armstrong who was a confectioner and shop owner. He grew up in Durham and went to study in Sunderland and apprenticed at various times with an ironmonger, book-seller and a librarian. He took an early interest in collecting fossils. He worked at the Newcastle museum in 1841 but left it after six years after conflict with the employers.
In 1849 he joined Queen's College Galway and during his long career there published nearly 70 papers and established a museum. He developed a course in geology for the arts, agriculture, and engineering faculties and served as an examiner in geology for the University. His research included topics such as the structure of the brachiopod shell, rock cleavage and the uplift of the Burren. His most famous work was The reputed fossil man of the Neanderthal published in 1864. In this he noted the differences in the curved ribs, the skull muscle attachment suggesting carnivory and suggested that the Neanderthal was a species different from modern humans. He supported a modified version of Darwin's Origin of Species but he gave considerable emphasis to place the Neanderthal as being close and on a "lower scale" than Andaman and Australian aborigines and suggested that like them, the Neanderthal was "incapable of moral and theoistic conception". His speculation on their theological beliefs did not go without critical comment from contemporaries like Charles Carter Blake.
King married Jane Nicholson in 1839 and one of their sons, William King Jr. worked in the Geological Survey of India, and became its director. King was a fellow of the Geological Society of France and was awarded an honorary D.Sc. by Queen's University in 1870. King resigned in 1883 following a stroke but stayed as an emeritus professor. He died at Glenoir, Galway on 24 June 1886.
King's grandson, another William King (1910-2012), was a globe-circumnavigating yachtsman and a Royal Navy officer in World War II.
References
External links
William King. History of Galway's Science Faculty and associated scientists
James Mitchell Geology Museum William King - Galway's Discipline of Earth & Ocean Science
1809 births
1886 deaths
Academics of the University of Galway
19th-century Anglo-Irish people
British geologists
British palaeontologists
Irish geologists
People from Sunderland
Place of birth missing
Maturín is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas, Venezuela. The municipality's capital is Maturín.
History
On April 28, 1856, created the Maturín Canton (present Municipality Maturín). The Municipality Maturín is created by the Law of Political - Territorial Division of the Monagas State of the 3 of August 1983.
On August 25, 2016, they issue an arrest warrant from the government against Maturín Mayor Warner Jiménez. September 9, Antonio Goncalves is assigned as mayor in charge of the Municipality Maturín. September 29 of the same year, Wilfredo Ordaz is assigned like mayor in charge of the Municipality Maturín.
Geography
The municipality occupies a plain plain in most of its territory. The vegetation is of tropical dry forest, with temperatures between 27 °C and 28 °C and an average precipitation per year of 1,298 mm.
Economy
It is the main economic center of Monagas state. Commercial and service activities are concentrated mainly in the capital of the municipality. The oil activity, in the areas of El Furrial and Jusepín.
Culture
Public holidays
Carnivals: On February or March.
Politics and government
Mayors
José Maicavares. (2008 - 2013) PSUV.
Warner Jiménez. (2013 - 2016) MUD.
Wilfredo Ordaz. (2016 - 2017)(2017 - 2021) PSUV.
Ana Fuentes. (2021–present) PSUV.
References
Municipalities of Monagas
FPG may refer to:
Fasting plasma glucose
Fisher Poets Gathering, an American poetry festival
Formamidopyrimidine DNA glycosylase
Formosa Plastics Group, a Taiwanese conglomerate
Fragmenta Philosophorum Graecorum, a collection of fragments of ancient Greek philosophical texts
Frederick Philip Grove (1879–1948), German-born Canadian novelist and translator.
Galician People's Front (Spanish: ), a regional political party in Spain
Federal Poverty Guidelines (in the US)
Tahmina Rajabova (, born June 29, 1982, Dushanbe, Tajik SSR) is a Tajik actress, journalist and newscaster. She was honored awards like “The Journalist of the Year” in 2013, “The award for distinguished contribution to the culture and art of Tajikistan” in 2013, and “The award of the TV and Radio Committee of Tajikistan” in 2017 and others.
Biography
Tahmina Rajabova was born on June 29, 1982, in Dushanbe, Tajik SSR. Tahmina's father was an economist and her mother was a doctor. From 1989 she studied in a musical school named after Malika Sobirova until her third grade. As her father moved to Moscow due to his job, their family left the country. Tahmina went to a Russian school and studied there for two years.
After she returned to Tajikistan, Tahmina graduated from the secondary school in Dushanbe, and applied to the faculty of law, Institute of international and regional relations of Moscow in Dushanbe. She married after she finished her first year in university; for this reason, she couldn't continue her studies and she had to drop out. After some time, she entered the Institute of Tax and Law of Tajikistan again and successfully graduated in 2006.
Family
Under the influence of her parents, Tahmina married her cousin when she was 18, but they divorced after three years. She has a son – Muhammadjovid. Later, Tamina married again and she has a happy family now.
Career
Television
Tahmina Rajabova started her career as a lawyer's assistant in «Safina» (national TV) in 2006; after a month Nasiba Gulamova (newscaster and, later, Tahmina's teacher) noticed her. Having a TV face and good Russian, Nasiba Gulamova offered her to be a news broadcaster, and Tahmina accepted this offer. The movie directors noticed her on the TV, and counting her distinctive beauty, they offered her to star in movies.
Cinema
Tahmina debuted in her film career by starring as an assistant of the investigator in «I want to live» directed by Unus Usupov, and then in «The last hope» directed by Said Kadiri. Tahmina played the second role in this film and passed a serious test in the field of cinema. Subsequently, she was invited to the film studio of «Tajikfilm» in order to play the main role in «Difficult cross» of Saidjon Kadiri.
«The last hope» was awarded in the Cinema Festival «Didar» and some foreign movie directors showed intersed in cooperation with Tahmina. One of them was Bulgarian movie director of Afgan origin - Asad Sikandar. Thus, she was invited to play the main role in Madrasa (now «Refugee») in collaboration with Bollywood actors in Afghanistan. Tahmina role was the mother of the family.
In 2011 Tahmina was invited to play a role of the third wife in “A man's desire for the fifth wife” of Canadian- Afghan movie director - Siddiq Obidi that was shot in Farob and Balkh provinces of Afghanistan. Tahmina played the role of the 3rd wife successfully and was rewarded the title of «The best actress» in International Film Festival of India.
Humanitarian activity
International Federation of Red Crescent Societies in Tajikistan launched a monthly project to involve the society's attention to the humanitarian activities of the federation. Tahmina Rajabova was elected as the ambassador in this project. Tahmina says: “It was a pleasure to give orphans everything they needed for living. I visited orphanages even before and now a lot of children know me and call “apajon” (dear sister).
Filmography
Tahmina Rajabova has starred in 20 films:
Cinema awards
In the International film festival of India (IFFI), Tahmina Rajabova was honored for her role in the film «A man's desire for the fifth wife».
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Tajikistani stage actresses
Tajikistani film actresses
Too Much Yang is the sixth studio album made by the Norwegian rock band BigBang. It was released in Norway, March 19, 2007, at Warner Music and Grand Sport Records. The album was received generally well by critics in Norway, although it is not considered one of their strongest.
Title
The name, "Too Much Yang", comes from a Feng Shui book drummer Olaf Olsen bought in Los Angeles. Under a picture of an AmCar, the picture text stated: "an example of too much yang". Øystein Greni decided to use the phrase "Too Much Yang" for the title of the album.
Track listing
"Too Much Yang" - 3:17
"Hurricane Boy" - 2:33
"I Don't Wanna" - 3:21
"L.A. Song" - 3:46
"My First Time" - 3:22
"The Third Act" - 2:51
"All the Time" - 2:38
"A Thousand Times Over" - 3:49
"Early December" - 3:02
"We Belong Together" - 2:47
"Angelina" - 4:03
Personnel
Øystein Greni - vocals and guitar
Olaf Olsen - drums
Lasse Weeden - bass
Maria Orieta - vocals (on "L.A. Song")
Erik Tresselt - vocals (on "All The time" and "We Belong Together")
Nikolai Eilertsen - vocals (on "We Belong Together")
David Larring - bass (on "Too Much Yang") and Piano (on "The Third Act")
Christian Engfelt - bass (on "Hurricane Boy")
Øyvind Storli Hoel - bass (on "All the Time")
Lars H. Haugen - guitar (on "My First Time")
Martin Winstad - congas (on "I Don't Wanna")
David Wallumrød - piano (on "I Don't Wanna")
Sindre Røyland, Tone Heidi Borhaug and Janne Solberg - background vocals (on "I Don't Wanna")
Svein Greni, Tarjei Grimsby and Bjørn Asper - horns (on "We Belong Together" and "I Don't Wanna"
Kaja Fjellberg Pettersen - cello (on "A Thousand Times Over")
Nikolai Matthews - doublebass (on "A Thousand Times Over")
References
2007 albums
Bigbang (Norwegian band) albums
1938 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 32nd water polo championship in Hungary. There were nine teams who played one round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
1. NSC, 2. Szegedi VSE, 3. NTE, 4. Tatabányai SC.
References
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
Magyar Sport Almanach 1937-1939
1938 in water polo
1938 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Birsa Munda Hockey Stadium or Ranchi Hockey Stadium is a field hockey stadium in Ranchi, Jharkhand. It serves as the home ground for Hockey India League franchise Ranchi Rays.
It is located in Morabadi near Ranchi and has a capacity of approximately 5000. This was also the home ground of Hockey India League team Ranchi Rhinos.
Initially built in 1990 then subsequently renovated. It is believed to be the newest and best stadium in India. It was inaugurated by then Governor of Jharkhand K Sankaranarayanan as a prelude to the 34th National Games scheduled to be organized in Jharkhand from 21 November 2009.
The stadium was constructed at a cost of around Rs 7 crore. It has a floodlight facility for day and night matches, a huge screen for live telecast of events and an electronic score board. The astro turf has been imported from Germany.
See also
Hockey India League
References
External links
Hockey Jharkhand - Official Website
Sports venues in Jharkhand
Sport in Ranchi
Sports venues in Ranchi
Field hockey venues in India
Memorials to Birsa Munda
Sports venues completed in 1991
1991 establishments in Bihar
The Libyan Constitutional Union is a Libyan political organization which proclaimed its opposition to the regime of Libya's Colonel Muammar Gaddafi on 7 October 1981 in Manchester, England.
The LCU called for the toppling of the regime of Colonel Gaddafi, which it deemed illegitimate as it had usurped power from the country's legitimate ruler - King Idris I - via a military coup d'etat, and not through a people's revolution as Gaddafi claimed.
The proclamation date marked the 30th anniversary of the promulgation of Libya's constitution on the advent of its independence in 1951. In 1981 this date also coincided with Eid Al-Adha. The LCU proclamation was issued in the form of an Eid greeting card signed by the LCU chairman (Mohamed Ben Ghalbon ) and two of its founding members (Mohamed Hussein Algazeri and Hisham Ben Ghalbon ). It was circulated among Libyans inside and outside Libya as well as the media and political figures and organizations.
The proclamation cited the LCU's aim "to restore constitutional legitimacy to Libya and to re-establish the rule of law". The LCU went on to call upon the Libyan people to reiterate their pledge of allegiance to King Idris El-Senusi - as an historical leader of the Libyan people's struggle for independence and national unity, and rally around him as a symbol of legality for the nation.
The proclamation ended by asserting "the Libyan people's right to restore justice and thereafter to decide such form of body politic and system of government as they may choose of their own free will in a referendum to be conducted under international supervision within a reasonable period following the restoration of constitutional legality to the nation".
The LCU's call to rally around the king and benefit from his constitutional legitimacy was not welcomed by other Libyan opposition groups in exile. None other than the LCU embraced it.
The LCU chairman repeatedly disclosed in newspaper articles that the organization was met with severe American hostility.
The LCU maintained that the complex structure of Libyan society and the impact its recent history had on it made it extremely vulnerable in the event of a political vacuum, no matter how short. It repeatedly warned of the calamities that would ensue should the dictatorship suddenly fall without Libyan society being safeguarded by the constitution. This view was not shared by other Libyan opposition groups in exile. They considered Libyan society to be a coherent and harmonious entity whose bonds would be unbreakable under any circumstances. They believed and argued that the fall of Gaddafi should be utilized as a beginning for a new political landscape in Libya free of any past political attachments.
In its obituary to King Idris following his death in Cairo on 25 May 1983 the LCU proposed the formation of a tentative national assembly to serve as a basis for all future democratic institutions in Libya. The LCU has always voiced their belief that the only way to successfully confront Gaddafi's illegitimate regime is by a united front standing on solid legal ground, i.e. the nation's ratified constitution.
The LCU vigorously counteracted the efforts of Gaddafi to strip Libya and its people of their national heritage and identity. In effect Gaddafi was enforcing the erroneous fact that Libya was born on the day of his coup d'état (1 September 1969). The LCU celebrated landmark national events in Libya's history. Dates such as 24 December (Independence Day), 21 November (UN resolution on Libya's independence) and 7 October (Constitution Day) which Gaddafi abolished and punished whoever commemorated them. In fact the LCU was the only organization which bore the standard of Libya's original tricolor flag. The flag was banned by Gaddafi and was cast aside by the other opposition organizations as they considered it a symbol of Libya's perished monarchy. Almost 24 years later the majority of Libyan opposition groups in exile held a conference in London on 25 June 2005. The “National Conference of the Libyan Opposition” took the original Libyan flag as its banner and adopted the Libyan constitution (1951) as the source of constitutional legitimacy. They stated in the conference's final communiqué: “The Conference further emphasizes that the only legitimate constitution in Libya is that of 1951 with its subsequent amendments, which was endorsed and approved by the National Founding Committee under the supervision of a special committee of the United Nations. The oppressive action taken by the regime to cancel the constitution of 1951 is neither legal nor legitimate and therefore is fundamentally rejected”.
The founder of the LCU and his family were particularly attentive to the King and Queen in their exile. They dedicated themselves to serve and defend them until their final hours.
At the start of the February 2011 revolution members of the LCU were amongst the first to be present on international media to support the uprising, explain its motives and aims and to introduce it to the world at large.
The LCU tried to convince the National Transitional Council and other politically active bodies through numerous public statements and open letters to reinstate the national constitution as a necessity of protecting the Libyan people from the inevitable downward spiral the country would be trapped in as a result of the political vacuum. The LCU withdrew from the press when these attempts were not successful and the NTC announced its intention to adopt the "constitutional declaration"; which the LCU chairman publicly described as an "inadequate document hastily patched up by unqualified individuals who lacked a popular mandate to bypass the nation's legitimate constitution".
See also
Constitution of Libya (1951)
Libyan interim Constitutional Declaration
Libyan Revolution
King Idris
Anti-Gaddafi forces
Mohamed Ben Ghalbon
1969 Libyan coup d'état
References
External links
The Libyan Constitutional Union
Constitutions of Libya
Political history of Libya
Mihanović's fragment of the Acts of the Apostles () is one of the oldest preserved Glagolitic manuscripts written in Old Church Slavonic.
In it, features of the Serbian vernacular appear, under whose influence later would develop Serbian recension of Church Slavonic. It is considered, on the basis of some language features (e.g. replacement of the letter f with the letter p , i.e. Stepan instead of Stefan) and the Glagolitic alphabet itself, that it originated at the end of 11th century or early 12th century in Bosnia or Zeta or Zahumlje.
The manuscript itself consists of two sheets of parchment, 24 cm × 18.5 cm in size, on which is inscribed the part of Acts of the Apostles, according to the Eastern Orthodox rite and is related, in place and time of origin, to the so-called Gršković's fragment of the Acts of the Apostles.
Manuscript was found glued on the cover of a 1262 Serbian transcript of Ilovička krmčija, Zakonopravilo, in the collection of Cyrillic manuscripts of Antun Mihanović, and is considered the oldest preserved transcript, collection of civil and ecclesiastical regulations of the Byzantine Empire, which was translated by Saint Sava at the beginning of the 13th century.
Today, the artifact is kept in the library of Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts in Zagreb.
See also
Medieval Serbian literature
Serbian manuscripts
References
Sources
Old Church Slavonic language
Medieval Serbian texts
Serbian manuscripts
Serbian literature
JR's Bar and Grill is a gay bar in Neartown, Houston, in the U.S. state of Texas. Charles Armstrong is the owner.
Description
In an overview of the city's gay landmarks, Joey Guerra of the Houston Chronicle said JR's hosts dancers, drag performances, and karaoke and wrote, "It's a no-fuss place to congregate". Drag shows included Que Calor featuring Latin queens on Mondays, Charlie's Angels on Tuesdays, Millennial Dolls on Wednesdays, the amateur event So You Think You Can Drag on Thursdays, and The Super Sunday Show, as of 2020. Xtra Magazine offers the following description of the bar: "very popular, hot young professional crowd, heart of gay Houston, karaoke, martinis, drag shows, amateur strippers and go-go boys".
History
Jr's was established in the late 1970s or 1980s. The bar has hosted and supported the Montrose Makers Market. JR's operates on Thanksgiving and Christmas.
Reception
Clint Hale included JR's in the Houston Press 2017 list of the ten best bars in Montrose. The bar was also named readers' choice for the city's best gay bar in 2019 and 2020. In 2018, JR's ranked number 40 in a list of the nation's most popular gay bars, based on attendance estimates for the last quarter of 2017.
In Eater Houston 2019 and 2020 lists of the city's "essential LGBT bars", Baylea Jones wrote, "JRs is a laid back neighborhood bar. The expansive space accommodates drag shows, karaoke, and RuPaul's Drag Race watch parties. Outside is a scenic courtyard patio complete with a fountain and water misters for sultry summer days." JR's was a finalist in the 'Best Drag Show Bar', 'Favorite Bar to Shoot Pool', and 'Favorite Community Bar' categories in OutSmart 2019 "Gayest & Greatest" list. JR's was a finalist in the following categories for the magazine's 2020 Readers' Choice Awards: Best Drag-Show Bar, Favorite Community Bar, Favorite Men's Bar, Favorite Place to Watch Male Dancers, Club or Restaurant with the Best Happy Hour, Club or Restaurant with the Best Martini; the bar won in the Favorite Bar to Shoot Pool category.
In Thrillist's 2020 overview of "Houston's Most Important LGBTQ Bars", Kathryn Way wrote, "Established in 1978, J...; when people come to town and want to visit a gay bar, they go to JR's."
References
Further reading
External links
JR's Bar & Grill at HoustonLGBTHistory.org
JR's Bar & Grill at Lonely Planet
JR's Bar & Grill at Zomato
20th-century establishments in Texas
LGBT culture in Houston
LGBT nightclubs in Texas
Neartown, Houston
Definitionism (also called the classical theory of concepts) is the school of thought in which it is believed that a proper explanation of a theory consists of all the concepts used by that theory being well-defined. This approach has been criticized for its dismissal of the importance of ostensive definitions.
References
Definition
Metaphysical theories
Metatheory
Concepts
David Wilson (1805–1880), who was the incumbent at Fyvie, was the inaugural Dean of the new Diocese of Aberdeen and Orkney, serving from 1865 to 1880.
References
1805 births
1880 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Deans of Aberdeen and Orkney
Sutton Scotney railway station is a disused station which served the village of Sutton Scotney a few miles north of Winchester on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway.
Facilities
It was the last station to use the standard design station buildings on the southbound platform. As per most stations there was a passing loop and a single siding and the station did see considerable goods traffic from local farms including watercress and pigs.
Map
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1885
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Ludicrous: The Unvarnished Story of Tesla Motors is Edward Niedermeyer's non-fiction book about Tesla, Inc., published in 2019. The book traces Tesla's inception along with episodes and controversies from the first fifteen years of the company under the leadership of Elon Musk. In it, Niedermeyer uses original research, anonymous insider accounts, and industry analysis to explore "Tesla's attempt to merge Silicon Valley arrogance with automotive industry standards". The Wall Street Journal noted that the book's sources have "refused to be quoted out of fear of Mr. Musk". The book devotes a significant portion of its contents to a cultural account of the ongoing "confrontation" between Tesla's fans and its skeptics.
Reception
A LA Times reviewer noted, "Niedermeyer... possesses a deep understanding of how the auto industry works (and often doesn't). He's in a good position to assess the foibles of Musk as Tesla struggles to prove that it can earn sustainable profits after 16 years of surviving on cash raised from lenders and investors, with no return on invested capital to show for it."
The Wall Street Journals review voiced some skepticism over the lack of named sources supplying criticisms of the company: "Perhaps this information is solid. But people who aren't identified can't complain about being misquoted." The review goes on to say, "The book hits its stride when the author details Mr. Musk's attempts to revolutionize the way cars are built."
See also
Criticism of Tesla, Inc.
List of Tesla controversies
TSLAQ, a skeptical group detailed in the book
References
External links
ISBN search entry
Tesla, Inc.
2019 non-fiction books
This is a timeline of incidents in 1998 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1998
1998
1998
Terr
The Heppner flood of 1903 was a major flash flood along Willow Creek responsible for destroying a large portion of Heppner, Oregon, United States, on June 14, 1903. With a death toll of 247 people, it remains the deadliest natural disaster in Oregon,
and the second deadliest flash flood in the United States, behind the 1889 Johnstown Flood and ahead of the 1972 Black Hills Flood.
The flood caused over $600,000 in damage,
equivalent to $ today.
After an exceptionally dry spring, strong thunderstorms moved over the Heppner area on June 14, 1903. Torrential rain and hail began falling on the watersheds of Willow Creek and two of its largest tributaries, Balm Fork and Hinton Creek, by 16:30.
The region's arid climate and little vegetation coupled with the ground already being wet from a storm three days earlier caused very little water to be absorbed by the soil, and soon the streams were flooding. Within fifteen minutes after the rain began to fall, water rushed down the streams (mainly the Balm Fork), towards Heppner.
A steam laundry building on the southern edge of Heppner built across Willow Creek acted as a dam when the water arrived, failing under the stress several minutes later. This sent a wall of water cascading down Willow Creek that quickly reduced many of Heppner's structures to rubble.
Some structures were ripped off their foundations and floated downstream. At its peak, over of water raced down Willow Creek,
more than the average flow of the much larger Willamette River to the west.
Many people were able to escape to higher ground, but 247—nearly a quarter of Heppner's population at the time—died. The waters finally receded around an hour later. Numerous houses in Heppner were destroyed, and around 140 total structures, about one-third of Heppner, were washed away. Heppner's population did not completely recover to pre-1903 levels for several decades.
After the flood inundated Heppner, two of its residents, Les Matlock and Bruce Kelly, rode on horseback to warn the cities of Lexington and Ione, downstream, respectively. The flood washed through Lexington at about 19:00, just before they arrived, destroying several buildings. Matlock and Kelly continued north to Ione, overtaking the flood and warning the bewildered residents to evacuate. No one was killed in Ione or Lexington. However, the floodwaters washed raw sewage from Heppner downstream, contaminating wells in both Lexington and Ione. As a result, at least 18 people died from typhoid fever over the next several months.
The flood led to flood control studies in 1962, 1965, and 1979. The Willow Creek Dam was completed in 1983 to prevent such a flood in the future. It is the first major roller-compacted concrete dam.
Pendleton, Oregon photographer Walter S. Bowman captured images of the aftermath.
References
Floods in the United States
Heppner, Oregon
Natural disasters in Oregon
1903 floods
1903 in Oregon
1903 natural disasters in the United States
is a notable ancestor who originated in Hawaiki according to Māori tradition. He is particularly known to tribes with origins in the Gisborne District such as , and . is the name assumed by because he was assisted by a whale to survive an attempt on his life by his half-brother .
On the island of Aitutaki, he is also known as a brother of Ruatapu, but is not as famous as him. In an account, probably from the Kāti Kurī hapū of Ngāi Tahu, the family lived on Mangaia.
's shame
became offended when his father elevated his older half-brother ahead of him. When was about to use a sacred comb belonging to , rebuked him, pointing out that was of high rank while was of low birth, because his mother was a slave wife.
Some tellings also say Uenuku had built a canoe for his 70 sons and set about to do their hair with sacred combs for the first voyage, or that Ruatapu was about to use Uenuku's own sacred comb rather than Kahutia's. Either way, Ruatapu is told he cannot use any sacred comb because of his heritage, and is shamed.
In other accounts, the rebuke came when dared to walk on the roof of 's house.
's revenge
Angry and ashamed at his father's disparaging comments, he lured and a large number of the other noble sons of into a canoe the next day and took them out to sea. He had hid the bailer somewhere onshore prior, and as soon as they were far enough he unplugged a preformed hole on the canoe flooring, drowning all members aboard - apart from who recited an incantation invoking his ancestor Tangaroa, or the goddess Moakuramanu, to call forth a whale (usually considered to be a southern humpback whale - to carry him ashore. was the sole survivor of his brother's evildoing and assumed the name as a memorial of the assistance he received from the whale.
In some versions, himself transformed into the whale. In some tellings Ruatapu simply slays everybody with a spear once they're out at sea - again with the exception of Paikea who takes to the oceans and is saved by the gods.
The waves of
The episode where threatens to return as the great waves of the eighth month may explain other accounts which portray as having invoked a great flood which destroyed Hawaiki. Such accounts or conclusions may result from Christian influence. According to 's account in the accounts, shouted out to that he would return to fight him: "The great waves of the eighth month, they are me! I am then approaching!" In an endnote, Reedy writes:
In the eighth month of the Māori calendar, in the early summer, large waves known as , 's waves, sometimes break upon the shore on the East Coast. In this episode announces that in the eighth month he will take this form, and follow .
The eighth month of the Māori calendar is Kohitātea (December-January) according to Ngāi Tūhoe.
connection
is the Ngāti Porou hapū that is closely associated with Whāngārā, a small settlement located between Gisborne and Tolaga Bay. Oral traditions of the state that came to New Zealand from on the back of a whale following an event known as , a slaughter of the first born sons of at sea. According to tradition, the whale turned into stone, and is now the island of (also known as or ), immediately offshore.
Kāti Kurī version
In a version probably recorded from Kaikōura, Paikea was the youngest of Uenuku's sons, and his favourite, which made the other siblings incredibly jealous of him. His brothers plot to kill him, intending to slay him out on a fishing trip and tell Uenuku that he drowned. Paikea, through feigning his sleep that night, learned of the plan, and so deliberately sunk the canoe the next day himself, killing his brothers. Paikea alone remained alive, clinging to the remains of the canoe for survival, awaiting his death. Suddenly, a tohorā came to his aid, and carried him all the way to Whāngārā.
See also
Jonah
Whale Rider, a book (by ) and film inspired in part by the story of and .
References
External links
, a Māori folk song, with English translation and discussion.
Legendary Polynesian people
Legendary progenitors
Māori mythology
Nares is the plural of naris, meaning nostril.
Nares may also refer to:
Anatomy and medicine
Anterior nares, the external or frontal part of the nasal cavity
NARES, acronym for Non-allergic Rhinitis with Eosinophilia Syndrome
Places
Nares River, a river in the Yukon and British Columbia, Canada
Nares Land, Greenland
Nare Rocks, Tasmania, Australia
County of Nares, Queensland, Australia
Mount Nares, Antarctica
Other uses
National Association of Re-enactment Societies (NAReS), United Kingdom
People with the surname
Edward Nares, English historian
Eric Paytherus Nares, major general, commander of British troops in Berlin 1945–1947
Geoffrey Nares, English stage actor
George Nares, English explorer and naval officer
George Nares (judge), English judge
James Nares (artist), British-American artist
James Nares (composer), English composer
Owen Nares, English stage and film actor
Robert Nares, English writer
See also
William Howard (December 31, 1817 – June 1, 1891) was a United States Army soldier, lawyer, and a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1859 to 1861.
Early life and education
Born in Jefferson County, Virginia, Howard attended public schools and later studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1840 and subsequently established a law practice.
Military career
He later moved to Batavia, Ohio, and served as a prosecuting attorney from 1845–1849. He served in the war with Mexico and was made second lieutenant of Company C, Second Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
Following the war, he served as member of the Ohio Senate from 1849 to 1852.
Congress
Howard was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-sixth (March 4, 1859 – March 3, 1861). He was not a candidate for re-election.
Return to the military
He enrolled in the army following the outbreak of the Civil War and was commissioned as the major of the 59th Ohio Infantry, on August 11, 1861. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel and commanded the regiment at the Battle of Stones River. Howard resigned his commission on February 24, 1863 and returned home to resume his law practice.
Later career and death
Howard practiced law until his death in Batavia on June 1, 1891 at the age of 73. He was interred in the Batavia Union Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2008-10-19
External links
William Howard (1817–1891) entry at The Political Graveyard
1817 births
1891 deaths
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
People from Batavia, Ohio
People from Jefferson County, West Virginia
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
People of West Virginia in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Clean eating is a fad diet based on the belief that consuming whole foods and avoiding convenience food and other processed foods offers certain health benefits. Variations of the diet may also exclude gluten, grains, and/or dairy products and advocate the consumption of raw food. The diet has been criticized for lacking scientific evidence and potentially posing health risks. Clean eating is not supported by nutritionists, as it may lead to malnutrition and the formation of unhealthy eating practices.
Definition
Clean eating is the belief that consuming whole foods and avoiding convenience food and other processed foods offers certain health benefits. Variations of the diet may also exclude gluten, grains, and/or dairy products and advocate the consumption of raw food.
Proponents
While there is limited research on the health effects of clean eating, clean eating trends have become increasingly popular through the use of various media outlets including blogs, television segments, and magazine articles. Many of these media are supported and headed by various health and wellness gurus who typically base the information they provide on personal experience. Advocates include Ella Mills, Natasha Corrett, and the Hemsley sisters.
Criticism
The idea of clean eating has been criticized as lacking scientific evidence for its claims, and cutting entire food groups out of the diet to pose health risks in extreme cases. It has also been claimed that processed foods have been modified to prevent diseases and therefore have some health benefits (in the form of food safety) over a clean eating diet. It has also been claimed that a clean eating diet may increase the risk of osteoporosis due to a lack of calcium from dairy products. Health risks associated with this diet include food poisoning and diseases from parasites.
See also
Health food
List of diets
Paleolithic diet
References
External links
Fad diets
The 678th Air Defense Group is a disbanded United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the 20th Air Division of Air Defense Command (ADC) at Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida. The group was formed in 1970 when ADC expanded its radar units that operated Back-Up Interceptor Control sites from squadron sized units to groups. From 1977 until it was inactivated in 1983 the 678th was responsible for operating the Southern Air Defense System.
History
The 678th Air Defense Group replaced the 678th Radar Squadron (SAGE) (formerly the 678th Aircraft Warning & Control Squadron) at Tyndall Air Force Base in 1970. The group operated a Back-Up Interceptor Control (BUIC) site with the mission to back up the centralized and vulnerable Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) operations center of the 20th Air Division at Gunter Air Force Base, Alabama. The BUIC III operated by the group gave the unit a semi-automatic control capability, unlike earlier BUIC systems that required manual operation. The group provided air defense mission command and control from 1970 to 1983. It was a component of Aerospace Defense Command (ADC) (later transferred to Tactical Air Command (TAC)) Air Defense Weapons Center from 1974 to 1981. The group earned an Air Force Outstanding Unit Award for exceptionally meritorious service for the period 1 June 1970 through 1 June 1972.
In 1969, the inadequacy of the radar coverage to the south of the United States had been dramatically illustrated whan a Cuban Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-17 went undetected before it landed at Homestead Air Force Base, south of Miami, Florida. and two years later, an Antonov An-24 similarly arrived unannounced at New Orleans International Airport. As a result, ADC established The Southern Air Defense System (SADS). Initially, the 630th Radar Squadron operated a manual control center at the Houston Air Route Traffic Control Center and the USAF added radars to supplement the existing Federal Aviation Administration coverage in the Caribbean area. In 1977, responsibility for operating the SADS control center was transferred to the group, which was operating the last BUIC III site in ADC. The previous year the group also assumed responsibility to operate the Tyndall NORAD Control Center.
The group continued to act as a control center until it was inactivated in 1983 when the Tyndall radar site became part of the Joint Surveillance System.
Lineage
Constituted as 678th Air Defense Group on 13 February 1970
Activated on 1 March 1970
Inactivated on 1 March 1983
Disbanded on 27 September 1984
Assignments
20th Air Division, 1 March 1970 – 1 March 1983
Components
None
Stations
Tyndall AFB, Florida, 1 March 1970 – 1 March 1983
Awards
References
Notes
Bibliography
AF Pamphlet 900-2, Unit Decorations, Awards and Campaign Participation Credits, Vol II Department of the Air Force, Washington, DC, 30 Sep 76
Further reading
External links
Aerospace Defense Command units
Military units and formations established in 1970
0678
Military units and formations in Florida
Military units and formations disestablished in 1984
The Sahrawi peseta (, ) is the currency of the partially recognized Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. It is divided in 100 céntimos, although coins with this denomination have never been minted, nor have banknotes been printed.
The first Sahrawi pesetas were minted in 1990, but they were not adopted as the national coin of Western Sahara until 1997. As this territory is mostly controlled by Morocco, the circulating currency in that part of the country is the Moroccan dirham, with Algerian dinars and Mauritanian ouguiyas circulating alongside the Sahrawi peseta in the Sahrawi refugee camps and the SADR-controlled part of Western Sahara.
As it is not an official currency and not circulating, the exchange rate is not realistic. Despite this, the Sahrawi peseta was pegged at par to the Spanish peseta and, when the latter was phased out for the euro, the rate became €1 for 166.386 Pts.
Coins
Non-commemorative coins are supposedly designated for circulation. They are made from cupronickel. The denominations are: 1, 2, 5, 10, 50, 100, 200 and 500 pesetas.
There have also been commemorative issues in copper, silver and gold, as some of those shown here:
See also
Algerian dinar
Mauritanian ouguiya
Moroccan dirham
Spanish peseta
Notes
References
Currencies of Africa
Peso
Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Law of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
DrumUp is a mobile and web application developed for professionals and businesses for content discovery, curation and social media management. The application can be signed in to using Twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn.
History
DrumUp was launched in January 2015. The self-funded company was co-founded by Vishal Dutta, an IIT Delhi and IIM Lucknow alumnus, who leads product development, and Sophia Solanki, an IIT Delhi alumnus, who leads marketing. Both of them have several years of experience in the content industry, having run a content services company called Godot Media. Although the development team is based out of Bangalore, the application was first built and launched for the US market.
Features
DrumUp is a content discovery, curation and social sharing platform. It creates personalized content streams for a user based on a set of keywords. The content streams are refreshed daily to help users discover fresh content early. The content suggested by the application is based on its relevance to the keywords and the authority of the source. The application uses advanced natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning algorithms to find relevant content for the users.
The application has several social media content management features. It allows the user to schedule content to post on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. The user can queue custom content and also edit or delete suggested content for sharing. DrumUp users can also connect their blog's RSS feed to their social accounts to post updates from the blog
Android App
The company announced the release of its Android app on May 15, 2015. The app is aimed at professionals who want to track trends and developments in their industry, and manage their social media accounts on-the-go.
Growth and User Metrics
As of June 2015, DrumUp is reported to be used for sharing close to 100,000 micro-content pieces a month on social media.
References
Mobile software
The first annual Australian Independent Record Labels Association Music Awards (generally known as the AIR Awards) was an award ceremony in Australia on 29 November 2006 to honour outstanding achievements in sales by Australian independent artists.
The shortlisted nominees for AIR Awards were announced in October 2006, with the sponsor of V energy drinks.
Performers
Gotye
The Basics
Nominees and winners
AIR Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; other final nominees are listed alphabetically by artists' first name.
See also
Music of Australia
References
2006 in Australian music
2006 music awards
AIR Awards
Gatenby is a British surname, which originated in Gatenby, North Yorkshire, England. Notable people with the surname include:
David Gatenby, Australian cricketer
James Brontë Gatenby (1892–1960), New Zealand zoologist notable for work on structure of cells and Golgi apparatus
John Gatenby Bolton (1922–1993), British-Australian astronomer
Peter Gatenby (cricketer) (born 1949), Tasmanian cricketer
Peter Gatenby (doctor) (1923-2015), son of James Brontë Gatenby; Irish doctor, professor of medicine, medical historian
See also
Gatenby, a village in North Yorkshire, England
Gatenby v Gatenby South African court case
External links
Gatenby homepage with genealogy information
Crag Blazer is the former head coach for men's soccer at DePaul. Under Blazer's guidance, the school made its first NCAA tournament appearance and set a new record for wins in a single season (2007). Blazer's team won the Red Division of the Big East Conference and appeared in the Big East Tournament semifinals. At the time, the team set yet another record: being ranked as high as 17 nationally.
He has been the coach at DePaul since 2001. Before that he was the national team coordinator for the US Soccer Federation from 1993 to 2001. Blazer was also deeply involved with US soccer for the 2000 Sydney Olympics, managing all pre-Olympic soccer events, and working with the team who had their highest finish in Olympic history.
He played college soccer at Xavier University, where he earned a degree in Political Science and Communications, and was the starting goalkeeper from 1987 to 1991. While at Xavier, Blazer was an assistant at La Salle High School; he also coached at Fairfield High School. He continues to be involved with non-collegiate level soccer, working with the Illinois Olympic Development Program and as the head coach of FC Chicago, a youth soccer team for boys age 6 to 19.
Blazer is married to Claudia and is the father of two sons, Oscar and Juj, and daughters, Stella and Sophia.
References
External links
Living people
DePaul Blue Demons men's soccer coaches
Xavier Musketeers men's soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Year of birth missing (living people)
American soccer coaches
Association football players not categorized by nationality
Marie Brämer-Skowronek (9 December 1990) is a German Paralympic athlete competing in F34 classification throwing events. Brämer-Skowronek represented Germany at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London, entering the javelin throw and the shot put. She finished tenth in the shot and in the javelin, which stretched over four classifications, she threw a distance of 20.43 metres to win the silver medal. As well as Paralympic success, Brämer-Skowronek won a bronze medal at the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships in the javelin.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
German female javelin throwers
German female shot putters
Paralympic athletes of Germany
Paralympic silver medalists for Germany
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
People from Wolmirstedt
Sportspeople from Saxony-Anhalt
Charalambos John Simopoulos (; 1874-1942) was a Greek diplomat who was ambassador to the Court of St. James in London at the beginning of the Second World War.
After studying law at the University of Athens, he entered the diplomatic corps in 1901, serving as secretary and dean of the consulates of Alexandria, Mersin, Constantinople. From 1914 to 1919 he was employed at the legations in Paris and Rome. From 1920 to 1921 he was the first ambassador of Greece to Czechoslovakia. In 1922 he was Greek High Commissioner of the Occupation of Constantinople.
On December 12, 1924 he became Minister to Washington, D.C. In 1934 he was appointed Minister to Great Britain, and in May 1942 the Greek legation was raised to the status of an embassy.
His son was the Oxford University academic John Simopoulos.
Simopoulos's funeral was held at St Sophia's Cathedral, Moscow Road, London.
References
1874 births
1942 deaths
Greek diplomats
Ambassadors of Greece to the United States
Ambassadors of Greece to the United Kingdom
Ambassadors to Czechoslovakia
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens alumni
Greek people of World War II
Russell McGee Jr, better known as Genesis the Greykid, is a fine artist, poet, creative, and underground hip-hop artist who was co-signed by the Media Label Creative Control TV (which used to be under the DD172 umbrella) by filming duo/CEO's Coodie & Chike. As of July 13, 2021, one of Genesis paintings titled 'Computer Love' sold for $87,000 at Phillips (auctioneers) in London. The painting went for almost ten times its estimates. He became one of the few emerging Fine Art Poets in 2016, selling over $12,000 in poems his first two-hour exhibition in Chattanooga, Tennessee titled "Through the Grey". He is also behind the 48 x 48 inch painting created for the song "Brothers" by rapper Kanye West, featuring vocals from singer Charlie Wilson, produced by Seven, Irv Gotti, and Bink!. The song was previewed alongside the season 2 premiere of American drama show Tales (TV series) and was released on July 5, 2019.
Early life
Genesis was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee while his dad was stationed in Georgia. Although his father was in the military and they moved around a lot, he spent a lot of time in Virginia Beach, Virginia where he attended First Colonial High School his freshman year then transferred to Frank W. Cox High School until he graduated. Inspired by legendary poet T. S. Eliot, Genesis showed an early interest in poetry and would later credit it as his reasons for getting involved with hip hop and Fine Art.
Career
Music
Genesis started out ghost writing before coming out as an artist in the early part of 2010 with his first mix tape titled "Grey Skies". Later that year he released "Grey Skies 2" which included a track directed at Pharrell Williams called "Note To Pharrell" a.k.a. "I Just Wanna Be A Writer". Toward the end of 2010, Genesis the Greykid was introduced to Coodie & Chike who co-signed him to Creative Control TV and shot the video "Here We Are" in 2011 for the artist. Genesis the Greykid was one of the many performers at Baltimore's African American Festival (2011). He explains in a XXL Magazine interview, "I wanna take everyday conversation, put it into poetry, and use music to touch people where my hands may not reach. Changing the game by making something worth making, as humbly as I can.
Fine Art - PoAnguardia
After spending part of 2016 travelling 5,800 miles around the country by train and foot, Genesis was inspired to gather all the poems he'd written along the way, and turn them into large poetic mantras. Using oil, Genesis created 12 large Fine Art pieces that were presented in his travelling poetic experience "Through the Grey", with the goal in mind of pushing poetry beyond its current boundaries. "I've had some great people rocking with me through the process. Some really diverse patrons buying the work, from Pat (Chance the Rapper's Manager) to Bmimms (CEO of Mogul Management), to Ted Alling (Founder of Access America Transport VC Lampost Group, and Dynamo), really grateful for everything that's happening right now."
He's defined his style of artwork, as PoAnguardia and had a painting sell at auction through Phillips (auctioneers) for $87,000. Explained by Genesis in an interview with Taylor Dall at Emcee Network, "It's a poetic way of expressing new thresholds unfolding in the internal and/or external, through fine art. Conflating the word Poem or Poesia & Avanguardia." Genesis continues to have solo exhibitions around the country, "In fact, the last four months (March - July) he has traveled from one side of the country to the other meeting some high-profile people, rubbing elbows with Tesla founder Elon Musk, Oscar-winning actress Halle Berry and former NBA star Scottie Pippen leading to a highly successful gallery exhibit in Los Angeles." Genesis has made his "Through The Grey" exhibition an annual experience in Chattanooga, Tennessee that occurs Dec. 1st of each year. Genesis says he sees, or hears, poetry in almost everything, from conversations with friends to his mother's laughter. Most of his paintings are created by simply turning on some jazz music and seeing what happens. He has done some commissioned pieces, including some coffee tables he painted as part of project he did with basketball great Shaquille O'Neal.
Creative
After his "Grey Matter" project in New York City, Genesis wanted to help creative outlets in Chattanooga and Virginia draw attention to the many politically and socially conscious artists who create music, art, and poetry. He soon started conducting poetry / creative sessions (or workshops) at different studios collaborating with different non-profits and art communities in Chattanooga, Tn. When asked in an interview about his creative interest, Genesis explains "Yeah, I'm a creator. Music/poetry is a medium I enjoy creating through, but I love all elements of creation...be it ideas for some marketing strategy, copywriting, short stories, etc. I just love being a part of projects that value creative people and allow them to build. It's hard to beat the grand feeling of making ideas tangible." February 27, 2015 Genesis was nominated for a YP Award for his Civic Impact through the Build Me A World project, mentoring and developing young creatives, poets, and artist who in large part came from some of the most chaotic areas in the city.
Poetry & Creative Workshop
"For Genesis, living as a career poet feels completely natural, because poetry is more than something he puts out into the world. It's how he sees the world, how he takes it in...But Genesis's work as a poet goes beyond pen and paper. In Chattanooga, he's made a name for himself by offering his poetic perspective in the form of a service. He attracts a range of corporate and startup clients who are searching for fresh ways to view or approach something — their work, their audience, their office space, each other." On July 6, 2015, Genesis decided to release a collection of his poetry titled "Words In Grey". He mentions inside the flap of this 116-page book, "I developed a poetic/creative workshop [in January 2014] people in the community started calling 'Words In Grey'. In these workshops, I would get artist to think differently about the creative self, their writing, and collectively explore the pathway to that 'hidden wholeness' inside of us, through creative sessions and poetry. So this first book, 'Words In Grey' is a collection of my poetry with exercises in the back of the book so the reader can venture off into their own brilliance."
Always creating and welcoming others to do the same, "In June, he spent nearly four weeks in the Hamptons creating new works (fine art) with artist/designer/illustrator Audrey Schilt, an illustrator for the fashion designer Halston for many years (and former Ralph Lauren VP), and he was the featured artist at the Aspen Institute Socrates Program, a three-day workshop for 100 of the world's best and brightest. It included industry leaders, attorneys, White House staffers and Howard Warren Buffett, an associate professor at Columbia University and the grandson of business magnate/philanthropist Warren Buffett. Most of the people on the guest list had founder and co-founder next to their names." Through the 2 day session Genesis had, he goes on to say, "The first thing I did was have them write a poem about their shoes...from the perspective of their shoes." Then he showed them a video of an emotionally charged, real-life courtroom scene of a father confronting the man who had killed his son. "I had them write about that from any perspective they wanted," Genesis says. "It could be the father, the man on trial, the judge, the clock on the wall, the woman's purse on the bench. It didn't matter, as long as they owned it."
In a Chattanooga Times Free Press article, Barry Courter mentions, "Since moving here (Chattanooga), he has devoted himself to creative endeavors, many in his studio at the Fancy Rhino offices in the Loveman's Building downtown. Soundcorp Executive Director Stratton Tingle attended one of Genesis' seminars 'on a whim because I had heard about them' and was inspired enough to attend several more. 'I had no idea what I was getting into, and pretty quickly he had me writing and reciting a poem in front of people, which is not something I'm comfortable with,' Tingle says. 'He stretched me in ways I'm not familiar with. I was pretty immediately struck by his creativity.'" In the summer of 2017, Genesis through his "Words In Grey" workshop in collaboration with Mark Making had "teens explore neighborhood issues affecting their lives through poetry, such as poverty, gang violence, and racism, and then expressed solutions to these problems in graffiti inspired murals."
Music Videos
2014 retroGREY aka Dark Matter shot by Genesis Elijah
2012 Do you Know shot by Coodie & Chike
2012 A thought shot by Coodie & Chike
2011 Here We Are shot by Coodie & Chike
2011 Music / Braille & Sign Language shot by Brenner Va
2010 note to Pharrell aka I just wanna be a writer shot by Brenner Vas.
Discography
2010 Grey Skies
2010 Grey Skies 2
2013 Grey Skies 3
Poems
Words In Grey - the book
I Wrote This In Class
Seeing the Invisible
flower
I left the front door open
References
External links
U.S. News & World Report
Article from Hip Hop Dx
Highsnobiety
People from Chattanooga, Tennessee
Living people
Underground rappers
African-American rappers
Writers from Tennessee
Poets from Tennessee
21st-century American rappers
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American musicians
Hatata (; Ge'ez: ሐተታ ḥätäta "inquiry") is a Ge'ez term describing an investigation. The hatatas are two 17th century ethical and rational philosophical treatises from present-day Ethiopia: One hatata is written by the Abyssinian philosopher Zera Yacob (Zär'a Ya'eqob, also named Wärqe, 1599 – 1692), supposedly in 1667. The other hatata is written by his patron's son, Walda Heywat (Wäldä Hewat) some years later. Especially Zera Yacob's inquiry has been compared by scholars to Descartes'. While Zera Yacob was critical towards all religions, including the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church, Descartes followed a more traditional religious perspective: "A major philosophical difference is that the Catholic Descartes explicitly denounced ‘infidels' and atheists, whom he called 'more arrogant than learned' in his Meditations on First Philosophy (1641)."
Overview
The hatatas became accessible in 1904, when the Italian scholar Enno Littmann published the original texts in Ge'ez in addition to a Latin translation. The texts were first rediscovered by Boris Turayev in the archives of the collector Antoine D'Abbadie, who had received the hatatas from the Jesuit monk Guisto da Urbino in 1853. The texts were given to France's National Library in Paris in 1902, after D'Abbadie's death, and Turayev translated the first extracts in December 1903 (St. Petersburg). The Oriental Section of the Archeological Society held a meeting in Paris, on 25 September 1903, dedicated to Turayev's report on the hatatas.
Littmann presented a German translation in 1916. An abridged translation in English, of Zera Yacob's inquiry only, appeared in New Times and Ethiopia News (London) from 5 February until 4 March 1944. In 1955, Zamanfas Kidus Abreha published both an Ethiopic version (based on Littmann) and an Amharic translation. In 1965, Lino Marchiotto presented his doctoral thesis on the hatatas, and he included an Italian translation based on Littmann's Latin version. A breakthrough came in 1976, when the Canadian born scholar Claude Sumner - Professor and Chairman of the Department of Philosophy at the Addis Ababa University - published the first complete English translation (it was published in Ethiopia, and it was based on his translations in Ekklastikos Pharos in 1971/1974). Sumner states on the inquiry by Zera Yacob: "Being in possession of one basic principle, the author extends its application to the various branches of knowledge, and in particular, to theodicy, to ethics, and to psychology. (...) It exhibits not only independence of thought, but even rationalistic and radical traits (...) Zär'a Ya'eqob is a real philosopher in the strictest sense of the word." In 2016, the two texts were translated from Ge'ez to Norwegian, by the scholar Reidulf Molvær, and published in Norwegian by a renowned publisher.
According to the first hatata, Zera Yacob developed his thinking as an investigation of the light of reason after he had to flee his hometown of Aksum in ca. 1630, because of the persecution by the Portuguese Jesuits and the Ethiopian Emperor Susenyos I, who had converted from Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity to Catholicism in 1622. According to Zera Yacob's own text, he lived in a cave for two years, while he wrote the text down more than thirty years later, in 1667.
Zera Yacob is most noted for this philosophy surrounding the principle of harmony. He asserted that an action's morality is decided by whether it advances or degrades overall harmony in the world. While he did believe in a deity, whom he referred to as God, he criticised several sets of religious beliefs. Rather than deriving beliefs from any organized religion, Yacob sought the truth in observing the natural world. In Hatata, Zera Yacob applied the idea of a first cause to produce a proof for the existence of God, thus proposing a cosmological argument. "If I say that my father and my mother created me, then I must search for the creator of my parents and of the parents of my parents until they arrive at the first who were not created as we [are] but who came into this world in some other way without being generated." However, the knowability of God does not depend on human intellect, but "Our soul has the power of having the concept of God and of seeing him mentally. God did not give this power purposelessly; as he gave the power, so did he give the reality."
After he left his cave, as peace was restored in Ethiopia, Zera Yacob proposed to a poor maiden named Hirut. In his inquiry he states that "husband and wife are equal in marriage". Hence, the global historian of ideas Dag Herbjørnsrud writes: "In chapter five, Yacob applies rational investigation to the different religious laws. He criticises Christianity, Islam, Judaism and Indian religions equally. For example, Yacob points out that the Creator in His wisdom has made blood flow monthly from the womb of women, in order for them to bear children. Thus, he concludes that the law of Moses, which states that menstruating women are impure, is against nature and the Creator, since it ‘impedes marriage and the entire life of a woman, and it spoils the law of mutual help, prevents the bringing up of children and destroys love'.In this way, Yacob includes the perspectives of solidarity, women and affection in his philosophical argument."
Upon Yacob's death in 1692 his pupil Walda Heywat updated the work to include his death, in addition to writing his own hatata. Heywat's inquiry has been described as more traditional.
Controversy over authorship
In 1920, the Italian Orientalist Carlo Conti Rossini asserted that the hatata texts were written by the Italian priest Guisto de Urbino himself. Rossini got support for his theory in 1934, when the German Eugen Mittwoch, also argued that the philosophical hatata texts could not have been written by an African. In his works of 1976, Sumner published a lengthy rebuttal of Rossini's and Mittwoch's claims. In the paper "Italian scientists and the war in Ethiopia" (2015), Professor Roberto Maiocchi points out that Rossini were among the most important scholars supporting Italy's invasion of Ethiopia in 1935: "(...) Carlo Conti-Rossini, Italy's main expert in Ethiopian literature, published an article in September 1935, a few days before the beginning of the conflict: using arguments that could apply to any African country, he stated that Abissinia was incapable of evolution and civil progress, and therefore its conquest was justified." After the conquest of Ethiopia, Rossini received a prize from the Mussolini regime in 1937. Mittwoch, who had Jewish background, kept his position in Nazi Germany until December 1935, after the outbreak of the Italio-Ethiopian war, because of a special intervention by Mussolini with Hitler on behalf of Mittwoch, as Mussolini "saw Mittwoch as a potential asset for Italy's colonization of Ethiopia."
Rossini argued that the Franciscan Jesuit monk da Urbino did not send the original manuscripts to the collector D'Abbadie, but instead sent "copies" he had made by his own hand. Rossini also claimed that a monk, Tekle Haymanot, had heard other people say that Urbino might have written the treatise in cooperation with other Geez scholars in Ethiopia. This "fraud theory" also claims that there was an anticipated place in D'Abbadie's then growing collection of Ethiopia literature for "scientific" and other rare subjects to be placed in, and that D'Urbino was able to deliver and satisfy this need of his financial sponsor. A scholar who presently has subscribed to the theory of Rossini, is Anaïs Wion, a prominent French scholar of Ethiopic Literature.
Those who hold it to be rather impossible that an Italian priest, with a couple of years training in Ge'ez, could have written both the texts of Zera Yacob and Walda Heywat, two rather different texts supposedly from the 17th century, while he visited Ethiopia, include the Canadian Professor Claude Sumner, the American scholar and philosopher Teodros Kiros, and several others. In 2017, the senior and foremost Professor within Ge'ez studies today, Getatchew Haile (1931–2021), published a book with a chapter on his new views upon the hatatas, as he had for a long time rejected the authenticity of the hatatas. Inspired by a 2007 thesis, written by Luam Tesfalidet, and after reading Wion's articles, he writes, under the headline Sources: "(...) I am now firmly inclined to believe that the original Hatata is the work of an Ethiopian debtera who lived, as he claimed, during the era of the Catholics (reign of Emperor Susenyos, 1607-32)."
His conclusion: "The Jesuits worked hard to convert Ethiopians to Catholicism and had some significant successes. They succeeded in converting Emperors Za Dengel (1603-04) and Susenyos (1607-32) and many priests and monks, including the leadership of Debre Libanos. They influenced the thinking of many who then questioned the traditions of their Ethiopian Orthodox Church. Accordingly, it makes more sense to suspect the influence of Catholic teaching on the thinking of Zera Yacob than to ascribe his Hatata to da Urbino."
References
Further reading
.
.
.
.
.
. Contains the Ge'ez text of the Hatata.
.
.
. Contains an English translation of, and brief introduction to, the Hatata and three other texts.
.
.
.
External links and sources
"In You Take Shelter: Zera Yacob": Podcast by Peter Adamson and Chike Jeffers.
A Brief Guide to the Hatätas (links to different translations)
Ethiopian Philosophy – A blog with commentary on the Hatata
Encyclopaedia Aethiopica: D-Ha. Otto Harrassowitz Verlag. 2003, p. 1046.
Ethiopian literature
Ethics books
Philosophy of religion literature
1667 books
he:זרע יעקב (פילוסוף)#הטטה
is a Japanese manga artist and character designer.
Biography
Kubonouchi made his professional career debut in 1986 with the short story Okappiki Eiji published in the manga magazine Shōnen Sunday. From 1988 to 1991, he worked on his first series, Tsurumoku Dokushin Ryō, which was in 1991 made into a movie with Kōyō Maeda (ja) in the leading role. His second manga series, Watanabe, was made into a television series in 1993, directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa. After a 7-year hiatus, Kubonouchi began Chocolat, a story about a former mob boss, just having been released from the prison, who befriends a 16-year-old girl. Chocolat was published from October 1999 to September 2003 in Big Comic Spirits. In 2003, the manga was made into a television drama, that lasted 45 episodes.
Works
Other works
References
External links
Interview with Eisaku Kubonouchi about dramatizing Chocolat (Web Archive)
List of Eisaku Kubonouchi's works at Shogakukan official site
1966 births
Living people
Manga artists
Manga artists from Kōchi Prefecture
Chlosyne palla, the northern checkerspot, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae that is found in North America. They range from southern British Columbia to Alberta, south to California, Utah, and Colorado, excluding Nevada.
Description
The adult may be often confused with the others of the palla group, sagebrush checkerspot (C. acastus) and Hoffmann's checkerspot (C. hoffmanni). The adult's wingspan is . The upperside of the wing has a pattern of dark brown, light orange and tan. The underside of the wing has alternating red and yellow cells.
Life cycle
There is one flight that occurs between April and May or to July in mountainous or northerly areas. The caterpillar of this species feeds on goldenrod (Solidago), rabbitbrush (Chrysothamnus), and asters.
References
External links
Northern Checkerspot, BugGuide
Butterflies of North America
palla
Taxa named by Jean Baptiste Boisduval
Butterflies described in 1852
Ghulam Faruq () is a Muslim male given name. It may refer to:
Ghulam Faruque Khan (1899–1992), Pakistani economist, bureaucrat, politician and industrialist
Ghulam Faruq Yaqubi (born 1938), Afghan politician and Army General
Dr. Syed Gulam Farooq Mirranay (born 1950), Member of the Afghan National Parliament
Ghulam Faroq Nijrabi (born 1954), medical doctor who stood for President of Afghanistan in 2009
Ghulam Farooq Wardak (born 1959), Afghan Minister of Education
Ghulam Farooq Awan (born 1961), Pakistani lawyer and politician
Golam Faruq (cricketer), Bangladeshi cricket player
Ghulam Farooq (detainee), Afghan held in Bagram
Arabic masculine given names
The Ince Group plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company with a core business in legal services, which is listed on the London Stock Exchange. The company also offers complementary services in accounting, financial services, consulting, and pensions advice. It was previously known as Ince Gordon Dadds LLP, following the acquisition of Ince & Co by Gordon Dadds Group LLP, and rebranded as The Ince Group in August 2019.
In 2022, The Ince Group ranked 47th in The Lawyer UK 200 list, with £100.2 million in revenue during the previous year. As of 2021, the firm operated in 9 countries and had 21 offices, and employed over 700 employees worldwide, including support staff. The chief executive officer is Adrian Biles, while the non-executive chairman is Simon Howard.
History
In 2017, Gordon Dadds LLP became the second law firm to list on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) of the London Stock Exchange, raising £20 million, two years after Gateley became the first UK law firm to have an IPO. The Legal Services Act of 2007, which went into force in 2012, had made it possible for non-lawyers to own or invest in law firms organised as "alternative business structures". In 2018, Gordon Dadds acquired Metcalfes Solicitors in Bristol.
In early 2019, Gordon Dadds LLP acquired the UK and Chinese businesses of Ince & Co for an estimated £21 million in consideration, creating the largest publicly traded law firm in the UK based on revenue at the time, until DWF went public in March of that year. Both Gordon Dadds and Ince & Co were well established in the field of insurance law. Gordon Dadds was known for resolving large and complex disputes in the London and international markets, and had a private client and family practice, while Ince & Co was a network of international commercial law firms, specialising in the shipping and insurance sectors, as well as energy and aviation.
Six months into the merger, the firm rebranded the name of most of its legal businesses, including most of its international offices, to "Ince"; only its private client business then in Mayfair retained the name "Gordon Dadds". For its financial year 2020, the combined firm reported an 87% increase in revenue, followed by a slowdown in growth in subsequent years. On 13 March 2022, the firm's IT team shut down its servers after detecting a cyberattack; in April, it was granted an injunction to deter hackers from leaking its data online.
Notable lawyers
Marie van der Zyl, employment lawyer and 48th president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews
Lewis Pugh, former maritime lawyer who left Ince & Co to become an endurance swimmer and ocean advocate
Philippe Ruttley, former EU and competition head at Ince who moved to Keystone Law
References
External links
The Ince Group (official web site)
Law firms of the United Kingdom
Companies based in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Law firms established in 1870
Foreign law firms with offices in Hong Kong
1870 establishments in England
British companies established in 1870
Companies listed on the Alternative Investment Market
The happy wren (Pheugopedius felix) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is endemic to the Pacific slope of western Mexico, from the state of Sonora to the state of Oaxaca, and also on islands west of the Mexican coast. As with other species of Pheugopedius, older sources (e.g. Howell and Webb) classify it within genus Thryothorus. Some authorities have treated it as a subspecies of P. rutilus or P. sclateri. There is significant geographical variation, and six subspecies are recognized: P. f. sonorae is found in southern Sonora and northern Sinaloa; P. f. pallidus is found in central Sinaloa, western Durango and southwards to Jalisco and Michoacán; P. f. lawrencii and P. f. magdalenae are found on different islands of the Islas Marías; P. f. grandis is found in the Balsas River basin, and the nominate subspecies, P. f. felix in southwestern Mexico from Jalisco to Oaxaca.
Description
There is little difference between the sexes as adults. They are fairly typical small wrens, with a black and white striped face, a downward curving bill, chestnut upperparts and cream underparts. Howell and Webb give its length as 12.5 – 14 cm.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest. Its nest is typical of the Pheugopedius wrens, being roughly spherical with an entrance chute at one end, pointing downwards.
References
happy wren
Birds of Mexico
Endemic birds of Mexico
happy wren
happy wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
GHHS may refer to:
Guy's Hill High School in Saint Catherine, Jamaica
Garfield Heights High School in Garfield Heights, Ohio
Gig Harbor High School in Gig Harbor, Washington
Granite Hills High School (Apple Valley, California)
Granite Hills High School (El Cajon, California)
Granite Hills High School (Porterville, California)
Green Hope High School in Cary, North Carolina
Granada Hills High School, the former name of Granada Hills Charter High School
Gold Humanism Honor Society, medical honor society
This is a timeline of incidents in 2000 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
List guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident, including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
List
List of total incidents:
See also
List of terrorist incidents
List of Palestinian suicide attacks
List of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel, 2001–2006
References
2000
2000
2000
Terr
Balázs Vincze (born 27 June 1967) is a Hungarian water polo player. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
John Ralston Williams (December 27, 1874 – December 27, 1965) was a Canadian-American physician who was an instrumental figure in the public health of Rochester, New York.
Williams was born in Renfrew, Ontario, one of nine children of a baker. After several moves, the family settled in Rochester when Williams was a teenager.
Despite not finishing high school, and a series of miscellaneous jobs as a young adult, Williams wanted to be a doctor. He saved his money, and he eventually was accepted at the University of Michigan at the age of 25. He graduated in 1903 at the top of his class. Armed with his medical degree, he opened an office in Rochester in 1904.
One of his early successes was an extensive study into the safety of milk supplies in Rochester. He found that many homes had insufficient refrigeration, and suppliers were using inefficient methods of distribution. Although Rochester never fully adopted his suggestions, his study was influential nationally in the effort to improve refrigeration standards.
By 1916, he had been appointed chief of medicine at Highland Hospital, where he spearheaded the establishment of the first hospital division dedicated to the study of diabetes and other metabolic disorders. In 1922, Williams became the first American physician to administer insulin, ordering a supply from Frederick Banting in Toronto. Williams' patient was James D. Havens, aged 22, who would go on to become a well-known woodcut artist. Havens was the second American to receive insulin treatment, the first to do so without traveling to Canada.
Williams would remain at Highland for thirty years; during those years, and after stepping down, he was also a force in Rochester civic life. In 1932, for instance, he took a strong interest in the then-fledgling Rochester Municipal Museum. He joined and chaired the Rochester Museum Association, an organization formed to ensure the museum's survival. In 1935, after the effort was successful, he became chairman of the Municipal Museum Commission, remaining in that position until just a few years before his death. The museum later became the Rochester Museum and Science Center, and Williams was chairman of the committee that oversaw the design and erection of the museum's current building on East Avenue.
Williams was also responsible for placing tens of thousands of oak and other trees at the current site of Oak Hill Country Club, when the country club moved from Oak Hill near the Genesee River to a new space in Pittsford (in a land swap with the University of Rochester). The land had been farmed-out when the swap occurred, and while Williams didn't design the courses, he did extensive research into trees and which ones would thrive best in the local climate; many, if not most, of the majestic oaks that today make Oak Hill's courses so challenging and scenic were grown from seedlings in Williams' back yard.
Williams had two sons by his wife Ethel.
References
1874 births
1965 deaths
American diabetologists
American medical researchers
University of Michigan Medical School alumni
Physicians from Rochester, New York
American healthcare managers
Scientists from New York (state)
Grevillea rosieri is a shrub native to an area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The shrub typically grows to a height of and has non-glaucous branchlets. It has simple, flat, linear, undissected leaves with a blade that is long and wide. It blooms from July to September and produces an axillary raceme irregular inflorescence with red or brown flowers and red styles. Later it forms simple hairy ellipsoidal fruit that is long.
See also
List of Grevillea species
References
rosieri
Proteales of Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Taxa named by Donald McGillivray
Carlos Sánchez Aguiar (born 28 November 1957) is a Spanish football coach.
Manager career
Born in Madrid, Aguiar started working as Gonzalo Hurtado's assistant at CD Toledo before moving to Atlético Madrid in 1994. He was named interim manager of the main squad in the following year, replacing fired Alfio Basile.
On 14 June 1997 Aguiar was appointed at the helm of the reserves in Segunda División. On 15 February 1999 he replaced Arrigo Sacchi in the first team, being also knocked out of the season's UEFA Cup shortly after.
On 2 December 2000 Aguiar was named Universidad de Las Palmas CF manager. However, after failing to avoid relegation, he left the club.
In November 2001 Aguiar joined CD Leganés, also in the second level. Roughly one year later he was sacked, after suffering three consecutive defeats.
On 1 December 2004 Aguiar was appointed manager of UD Las Palmas. He left the club in the end of the season, but returned to the Canarians in the 2006 summer; he was relieved from his duties on 1 October.
In 2007 Aguiar returned to Toledo, now as manager, but leaving the club in the following year. On 27 November 2014 he returned to Atlético B, replacing fired Óscar Mena.
In 2018 he signed for Israeli club Hapoel Be'er-Sheva as a youth team coach, A part of Atletico's partnership with Be'er-Sheva. On November 8th 2018 he became the youth team manager.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Madrid
Spanish football managers
Atlético Madrid managers
Atlético Madrid B managers
CD Leganés managers
Cultural Leonesa managers
UD Las Palmas managers
CD Toledo managers
The 1961 Taça de Portugal Final was the final match of the 1960–61 Taça de Portugal, the 21st season of the Taça de Portugal, the premier Portuguese football cup competition organized by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF). The match was played on 9 July 1961 at the Estádio das Antas in Porto, and opposed two Primeira Liga sides: Leixões and Porto. Leixões defeated Porto 2–0 to claim the Taça de Portugal for the first time.
Match
Details
References
1961
Taca
FC Porto matches
Leixões S.C.
Vallabhaneni Vamsi Mohan is a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Andhra Pradesh, representing Gannavaram constituency from 2014–Incumbent. Vallabhaneni Vamsi Mohan is a film producer also. He produced two high budget movies, one with Jr. NTR, another with Ravi Teja.
As Producer
References
External links
Living people
Andhra Pradesh MLAs 2014–2019
Politicians from Vijayawada
Telugu politicians
YSR Congress Party politicians
YSR Congress Party
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mary Florentine is a Matthews Distinguished Professor at Northeastern University., specialising in psychoacoustics with interests in models of hearing (normal and impaired), non-native speech comprehension in background noise, cross-cultural attitudes towards noise, and hearing loss prevention. Her primary collaborator is Søren Buus.
Biography
Career
Florentine completed her undergraduate degree in experimental psychology at Northeastern University in 1973. She continued her graduate study at Northeastern University, earning a master's degree in experimental psychology and auditory perception in 1975. After some time spent studying pre-doctoral electronic engineering at the Technical University of Munich in Germany and at the Audiology and ENT Department at Copenhagen University Hospital in Denmark, she completed her PhD at Northeastern University in 1978. She then went on to work as a post-doctoral research fellow at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Since then, she has also worked as a visiting scientist at the National Centre for Scientific Research in Marseille, France; the Osaka University in Toyonaka, Japan; and, on several occasions, at the acoustics laboratory at the Danish Technical University.
In 1980 she returned to Northeastern University as the director of the Communication Research Laboratory and in 1986 commenced a long-term collaboration with her husband, Søren Buus, at the Hearing Research Laboratory until he died in 2004. At Northeastern University, Florentine is an effective and popular teacher, securing the Excellence-in-Teaching Award only a few years after starting her faculty position. Her academic work has also appealed to more general audiences and she has been interviewed for TIME, Redbook and National Public Radio's All Things Considered. Florentine co-edited and (co-)wrote a few chapters in the recently published textbook Loudness (Springer Handbook of Auditory Research), which explains some conceptual thinking relating to loudness, issues of loudness study and measurement, hearing and hearing loss models, and physiological effects of loud sounds.
Personal
Florentine was born in Nutley, New Jersey, and was the eldest in a family with five children. She moved to Boston, Massachusetts, to take up her undergraduate study, which was fully supported by a merit grant, and has lived there ever since, except for brief periods of study and work abroad. While abroad, she met her husband Søren Buus, who also became her primary collaborator, and they married in 1980. They have one daughter, born in 1987.
Notable work
Softness Imperception
Softness Imperception (SI) is a term coined by Florentine and colleagues to describe the inability to hear quiet sounds that are audible to normal listeners. This phenomenon is particularly common among people with cochlear hearing loss. When a person with SI hears a sound at threshold, it sounds louder than a sound at threshold would do for a normal listener. Therefore, people with hearing loss may find softer sounds more intrusive when fitted with hearing aids that simply amplify all soft sounds to threshold.
Binaural Loudness Summation
Florentine's most recent work has been on binaural loudness summation, and her research with Michael J. Epstein has indicated that, in more ecologically valid experiments, the binaural loudness summation ratio is found to be significantly lower than previously thought.
References
Living people
American women psychologists
American psychologists
American science writers
Northeastern University alumni
Cognitive scientists
Osaka University faculty
American women academics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Beat Feuz (; born 11 February 1987) is a Swiss World Cup alpine ski racer, specializing in the speed events of downhill and super-G. He is 2017 World champion and 2022 Olympic champion in downhill. In 2021, he won consecutive downhills on the famed Streif at Kitzbühel.
Racing career
Born in Schangnau in the canton of Bern, Feuz made his World Cup debut at age 19 in December 2006, but missed all of the 2008 and 2009 seasons due to torn ligaments in his left knee. He secured his first two World Cup podia in March 2011, both in downhills at Kvitfjell, Norway. The first was a victory, backed up with a third-place finish the following day.
At his first World Championships in 2011 in Garmisch, Germany, Feuz finished ninth in the downhill. In the super combined, he finished second in the downhill portion, but missed a gate near the finish of the slalom course. He also competed in the team event for Switzerland, which lost to Sweden in the quarterfinals.
2012
Feuz carried this positive momentum into the start of the 2012 season, with four podia by mid-December. In North America, he placed second in the first downhill of the season at Lake Louise, 0.06 seconds behind Swiss teammate Didier Cuche. Feuz attained two podiums in Beaver Creek and then back in Europe, won his second World Cup event and his first in super-G at Val Gardena (Gröden), Italy.
Just miles from his hometown in January, he placed second in the super combined at Wengen; he had an advantage of 2.96 seconds over Ivica Kostelić after the downhill portion, but lost it on bad slalom and finished 0.20 seconds behind Kostelić. Feuz won the classic Lauberhorn downhill the next day.
In February, he won the pre-Olympic downhill in Russia at Rosa Khutor, the alpine racing venue for the 2014 Winter Olympics. A breakout season for Feuz, he had 13 World Cup podiums with four victories; in the final standings, he was runner-up in the overall, downhill, and combined, and third in Super-G.
Out for 2013
Feuz changed equipment from Salomon to Head after the 2012 season, but it was later revealed that he was suffering from inflammation and bleeding in his left knee, and would miss the whole 2013 season. The knee was re-injured at the pre-Olympic races in Russia in February 2012, and was operated on after the season in March for bone fragments. He re-aggravated it during training in Argentina in August and was sent home for evaluation.
Return in 2014
Feuz returned to the World Cup circuit for the 2014 season, and in his third race back, claimed sixth place in the downhill at Beaver Creek. This was Feuz's best result of the season as he still appeared to be struggling with his knee injury. Feuz no longer entered giant slalom races, and his ability in slalom was diminished so that he could no longer contend in the super combined races, not even entering the Kitzbühel combined competition, a race in which he had previously finished on the podium. Feuz was selected for the Swiss Olympic team and raced the downhill, Super-G, and super combined, and his best result was a 13th in the downhill. His 2014 season indicated that he wasn't fully healed; he did not qualify for the season-ending World Cup finals.
Return to top positions in 2015
Feuz started the 2015 season brightly, taking sixth in the opening downhill in Canada at Lake Louise. The breakthrough result came in the next downhill as Feuz was runner-up in the Birds of Prey for the second time in his career. After the event, through an interpreter Feuz said "my knee will never be 100 percent again," and that for him his comeback story was "almost bigger than I can imagine, it's almost too much." The lasting effects of the knee injury were clear though, Feuz didn't manage better than 17th in the first four Super-G races of the season, and he still wasn't entering Giant Slalom races as he had done previously. Feuz backed up his result in Beaver Creek with a second runner-up placing, this time at his home downhill in Wengen.
The podium results in downhill were enough to book Feuz a ticket to the 2015 World Championships, held on the Birds of Prey hill on which he had twice been on the podium in his career. Feuz was left out of the Swiss squad for the Super-G in favour of Mauro Caviezel, but in the downhill, he led the race for much of the way. He finished third, behind teammate Patrick Küng and American Travis Ganong, and gained his first major championship medal. In the super combined the next day, Feuz produced another stellar downhill run, in second by a narrow margin. In the slalom run, Feuz was forced to ski in warm conditions on a rutted course, and this together with the deterioration of Feuz's technical skiing after his knee injury, meant Feuz blew a lead of over 3 seconds on gold-medalist Marcel Hirscher. Feuz didn't finish the year particularly strongly, with his best results being two 9th places at the World Cup Finals in Méribel.
2016
Once again, injury problems were to spoil things for Feuz, who sustained an Achilles injury straddling a gate during training in South America. He was expected to miss at least the first few races of the season. Later however, it was revealed that Feuz was targeting a comeback in time for his home races in Wengen. Feuz skied the downhill leg of the Wengen combined and elected to start the downhill the next day, earning a respectable 11th place in his first race back. Moving on to Kitzbühel, and still taking the training runs and races on a day-to-day basis, having earned another solid result of 16th in the Super-G, Feuz elected to race the downhill the next day; his best previous finish on the Streif downhill course was sixth. In only his third full race since his return, Feuz was the runner-up in a race full of high-profile crashes. Feuz went on to claim two 3rd and two 5th places in the following four downhills, qualifying him comfortably for the World Cup finals to be held on the Corviglia piste in St. Moritz, significant as this was to be the venue for the following year's World Championships. Feuz gave what was to turn out to be a sign of things to come, as he not only claimed victory in the downhill, but also the win in the Super-G the following day. The wins were his first in just over 4 years. The downhill victory meant that he finished 5th in the downhill standings for 2016 and only 48 points off the winner Peter Fill, despite missing 4 of the 11 races.
World Champion in 2017
The 2017 World Cup season would break off in February for the main event of the year – the 2017 World Championships in his home country in St. Moritz. Feuz didn't produce amazing results to start the year, not helped by the cancellation of two of his favourite races at Beaver Creek and Wengen. In fact Feuz only managed one top 10 result in his first 6 races of the year. It was in Kitzbühel that the signs really became clear Feuz was coming into form for the World Championships. A 3rd place in the Super-G was followed the next day in the downhill by a fall on the Traverse with Feuz having led eventual winner Dominik Paris by 0.72 seconds entering the section. Fortunately Feuz was able to escape from the netting unharmed, and claimed another podium at Garmisch in his final race before the World Championships.
Feuz entered the World Championships with high expectations from the Swiss ski fans thanks to his performance on the track at the World Cup finals the previous year and this was only increased when Feuz won the only training run he started fairly comfortably, despite normally not pushing too hard in the training runs. Feuz came 12th in the Super-G but then like the rest of the athletes, was forced to wait an extra day for the downhill to take place thanks to the weather. On what was dubbed ″Downhill Super Sunday″ due to the fact both the men's and women's downhills would take place on the same day, the early runners in the men's race were hampered more than a little by fog on the upper section. Feuz had chosen bib 13, and the lead changed hands several times with the racers before him, as the course appeared to be quickening up as the fog lifted. Although slightly behind on the top gliding section, Feuz was excellent on the jumps and turns in the middle part of the course, and although Feuz appeared to get slightly late on the critical Felsen section, he managed to carry the speed through it, and went on to take the lead by 0.39 seconds at that point. There followed a nervous wait as nearly every remaining top racer managed to beat Feuz's time at the top of the course. The closest to Feuz on the day was Erik Guay who was leading by 0.04 seconds at the penultimate split time, but couldn't match Feuz through Felsen and dropped back to 0.42 behind. Nonetheless, the Canadian managed to make up 0.3 of a second from that intermediate to the finish. Feuz therefore claimed the gold medal by 0.12 seconds to live up to his tag as favourite for the race and make it back-to-back World downhill golds for the Swiss men's team. Feuz claimed one more podium finish in 2017 in the second downhill in Kvitfjell, helping him to finish 4th in the downhill standings for 2017.
2018
Feuz began the Olympic year in the best possible way by claiming victory in the opening downhill in Lake Louise, his first win on the course and his first podium there since 2011. He won silver for Super-G, and bronze for Downhill.
2021
Feuz won the Streif two times in a row in the same year; there was an extra race on Friday, as well as the usual Saturday (which was moved to Sunday due to wheater conditions), because of a canceled race due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Feuz won a downhill gold medal in the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics after the race was delayed for a day due to strong winds in the Yanqing venue.
World Cup results
Season titles
4 titles – (4 Downhill)
Season standings
Race podiums
16 wins – (13 DH, 3 SG)
57 podiums – (43 DH, 8 SG, 4 AC (3 SC, 1 K))
World Championship results
Olympic results
References
External links
Beat Feuz at Swiss Ski Team
Swiss male alpine skiers
1987 births
Living people
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in alpine skiing
Olympic gold medalists for Switzerland
Olympic silver medalists for Switzerland
Olympic bronze medalists for Switzerland
Sportspeople from the canton of Bern
Diva Universal was an Italian television channel owned by Universal Networks International Italia, and broadcast on SKY Italia Channel 128 (Entertainment package).
Until 31 March 2011, the channel was named Hallmark Channel.
Hallmark Channel was owned by the privately backed Sparrowhawk Media Group, until late 2007 when the company was bought by NBCUniversal.
On 30 June 2015, Diva Universal Italy was permanently discontinued at midnight.
Programmes
7th Heaven
A Touch of Frost
Agatha Christie's Poirot
Dallas
Dalziel and Pascoe
Diagnosis Murder
Doc Martin
Downton Abbey
Father Dowling Mysteries
Inspector Morse
Intelligence
Judging Amy
Kojak
L.A. Dragnet
Lewis
McLeod's Daughters
Ghost Squad
Miami Vice
Monk
Rain Shadow
Spooks
The 10th Kingdom
The Agency
Two Twisted
Wild at Heart
See also
Hallmark Channel
Hallmark Channel (International)
Hallmark Channel (UK)
References
External links
Official Site
Defunct television channels in Italy
Universal Networks International
Television channels and stations established in 2005
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2015
2005 establishments in Italy
2015 disestablishments in Italy
Italian-language television stations
Frances Sanborn Baldwin (1907–1999) was an American painter and a descendant of a pioneer California family.
Early life and education
Frances Baldwin was born in San Francisco, California in 1907. Her father was attorney Alexander Richards Baldwin, he was also the former president of the Western Pacific Railroad. Her grandfather was John R. Glascock. Baldwin was raised in Woodside, California on the family estate.
She moved to New York City and went to the Spence School as a child. Baldwin studied at the Art Students League of New York, and while there, she studied under Yasuo Kuniyoshi. She proceeded to study at Mills College with Fernand Léger. She then returned to San Francisco to study at the California School of Fine Arts. There, she studied with Mark Rothko and Maurice Sterne.
She served in the WAVES during World War II. She served as a pharmacist's aide in Oakland, California.
Mid-life and career
Baldwin traveled to China, India and Taiwan. She became one of the first docents at the Asian Art Museum, serving for over 20 years. From 1951-52 she served as the president of the Association of San Francisco Women Artists. She served on the board of directors for the California School of Fine Arts from 1957 to 1960.
Later life and legacy
She died in San Francisco in 1999.
Work
Baldwin painted small oil paintings and was inspired by Asian art. The San Francisco Chronicle called her an "expert" in the subject of Asian art. She shared her knowledge with students at the San Francisco Art Institute and with the public as a docent at the Asian Art Museum.
Collections
"Fisherman's Lunch", ca. 1940, pen and ink, watercolor and pencil on paper, Smithsonian American Art Museum
References
1907 births
1999 deaths
Artists from San Francisco
People from Woodside, California
WAVES personnel
Art Students League of New York alumni
Mills College alumni
San Francisco Art Institute alumni
Spence School alumni
United States Navy sailors
Whyte notation is a classification method for steam locomotives, and some internal combustion locomotives and electric locomotives, by wheel arrangement. It was devised by Frederick Methvan Whyte, and came into use in the early twentieth century following a December 1900 editorial in American Engineer and Railroad Journal.
The notation was adopted and remains in use in North America and the United Kingdom to describe the wheel arrangements of steam locomotives (in the latter case also for diesel and electric locomotives), but for modern locomotives, multiple units and trams it has been supplanted by the UIC system in Europe and by the AAR system (essentially a simplification of the UIC system) in North America.
Structure of the system
Basic form
The notation in its basic form counts the number of leading wheels, then the number of driving wheels, and finally the number of trailing wheels, numbers being separated by dashes. For example, a locomotive with two leading axles (four wheels) in front, then three driving axles (six wheels) and then one trailing axle (two wheels) is classified as a locomotive, and is commonly known as a Pacific.
Denotion of other locomotives
Articulated locomotives
For articulated locomotives that have two wheelsets, such as Garratts, which are effectively two locomotives joined by a common boiler, each wheelset is denoted separately, with a plus sign (+) between them. Thus a "double Pacific" type Garratt is a . For Garratt locomotives, the plus sign is used even when there are no intermediate unpowered wheels, e.g. the LMS Garratt . This is because the two engine units are more than just power bogies. They are complete engines, carrying fuel and water tanks. The plus sign represents the bridge (carrying the boiler) that links the two engines.
Simpler articulated types, such as Mallets, have a jointed frame under a common boiler where there are no unpowered wheels between the sets of powered wheels. Typically, the forward frame is free to swing, whereas the rear frame is rigid with the boiler. Thus, a Union Pacific Big Boy is a ; four leading wheels, one group of eight driving wheels, another group of eight driving wheels, and then four trailing wheels. Sometimes articulated locomotives of this type are denoted with a “+” between each driving wheels set (so in the previous case, the big boy would be a 4-8+8-4). This may have been developed to distinguish articulated and duplex arrangements; duplex arrangements would get a “-“ being rigid and articulated locomotives would get a “+” being flexible. However, given all the wheel arrangements for duplex locomotives have been mutually exclusive to them, it is usually considered unnecessary and thus another “-“ is usually used.
Triplex locomotives, and any theoretical larger ones, simply expand on basic articulated locomotives, for example, 2-8-8-8-2. In the case of the Belgium quadruplex, the arrangement is listed as 0-6-2+2-4-2-4-2+0-6-2.
Duplex locomotives
For duplex locomotives, which have two sets of coupled driving wheels mounted rigidly on the same frame, the same method is used as for Mallet articulated locomotives – the amount of leading wheels are placed first, followed by the leading set of driving wheels, followed by the trailing set of driving wheels, followed by the trailing wheels, each number being separated by a hyphen.
Tank locomotives
A number of standard suffixes can be used to extend the Whyte notation for tank locomotives:
Other steam locomotives
Various other types of steam locomotive can be also denoted through suffixes:
Internal combustion locomotives
The wheel arrangement of small diesel and petrol locomotives can be classified using the same notation as steam locomotives, e.g. 0-4-0, 0-6-0, 0-8-0. Where the axles are coupled by chains or shafts (rather than side rods) or are individually driven, the terms 4w (4-wheeled), 6w (6-wheeled) or 8w (8-wheeled) are generally used. For larger locomotives, the UIC classification is more commonly used.
Various suffixes are also used to denote the different types of internal combustion locomotives:
Electric locomotives
The wheel arrangement of small electric locomotives can be denoted using this notation, like with internal combustion locomotives.
Suffixes used for Electric locomotives include:
Wheel arrangement names
In American (and to a lesser extent British) practice, most wheel arrangements in common use were given names, sometimes from the name of the first such locomotive built. For example, the 2-2-0 type arrangement is named Planet, after the 1830 locomotive on which it was first used. (This naming convention is similar to the naming of warship classes.)
Common wheel arrangements
The most common wheel arrangements are listed below. In the diagrams, the front of the locomotive is to the left.
See also
AAR wheel arrangement
Swiss locomotive and railcar classification
UIC classification
Wheel arrangement
References
Further reading
External links
In the various names above of a 4-8-4, omitted was the letters "F E F" which simply means: four eight four.
Locomotive classification systems
Notation
de:Achsformel#Whyte-Notation
it:Rodiggio
Runaway is an album by Bill Champlin, released on Elektra Records in 1981. It is notable as containing "Tonight Tonight", Champlin's minor hit as a solo artist, as well as "Sara", which also achieved a degree of chart success.
History
The album was released as component of Champlin's development of his solo career, following his longtime association with the Sons of Champlin. Champlin's first solo album, Single, had been released in 1978, on Full Moon Records, following Champlin's departure from the Sons of Champlin in 1977. Runaway was also released in the same year that Champlin commenced a near thirty-year association with Chicago. According to Champlin, Runaway prompted his decision to join Chicago, due to the record executive overseeing his project leaving Elektra on the day of its release.
The album received mixed reviews, based on critics viewing it as a weaker version of Chicago material that Champlin was contributing to at the same time. The album has been described as an "historic curio, a period artifact, and not much more".
The album was primarily produced by David Foster, who had also produced Champlin's previous solo album, Single, in 1978. The album also featured production by Kenny Loggins on "Take It Uptown", co-written by Loggins and Champlin. One of the comparatively rare songwriting collaborations with Alan Thicke is also included on the album--"Sara", co-written with Champlin. The single "Tonight, Tonight" was originally composed as the ballad "My Everlasting Love" on the self-titled second album from Ray Kennedy, a song which Champlin contributed background vocals on.
The album entered the Billboard album chart on February 6, 1982. It spent 4 weeks on the chart, peaking at #178.
Despite initially mixed critical reaction, the album was re-released on CD by Warner Bros. in 1996, and as a Japanese export as of 1998.
The album track "Gotta Get Back to Love" would later be covered by R&B group Sister Sledge on their 1983 George Duke produced album Bet Cha Say That to All the Girls. Champlin's last solo album for a major label, No Wasted Moments (Elektra), was released in 1990.
Track listing
"Runaway" (Bill Champlin, Steve Lukather) (3:58)
"One Way Ticket" (Champlin, George Sopuch) (3:03)
"Sara" (Champlin, Alan Thicke) (3:15)
"Tonight Tonight" (Champlin, David Foster, Raymond Louis Kennedy) (3:47)
"Runaway Reprise" (Champlin, David Foster) (0:47)
"Take It Uptown" (Champlin, Kenny Loggins) (4:24)
"Satisfaction" (Champlin, Richard Page) (3:42)
"Stop Knockin' on My Door" (Barron Abramovich, Champlin) (4:16)
"Gotta Get Back to Love" (Kerry Hatch, Tom Kelly) (3:30)
"Without You" (Champlin, Amber DiLena) (4:05)
"The Fool Is All Alone" (Champlin, David Foster) (4:29)
Personnel
Bill Champlin - arranger, guitar, keyboards, vocals
Chuck Findley - trumpet
David Foster - arranger, backing vocals, drums, piano, producer, string arrangements, synthesizer
Humberto Gatica - engineer, mixing, percussion
Bobby Gerber - assistant engineer
Venette Gloud - backing vocals
Gary Grant - trumpet
Jay Graydon - guitar
Ed Greene - drums
Carmen Grillo - backing vocals
Gary Herbig - saxophone
Jerry Hey - horn arrangements, trumpet
James Newton Howard - string arrangements, strings
Kim Hutchcroft - saxophone
Gregg Jampol - assistant engineer
Tom Kelly - backing vocals
Abraham Laboriel - bass
Paul Lani - assistant engineer, percussion
David Leonard - assistant engineer
Kenny Loggins - backing vocals, producer
Charles Loper - trombone
Steve Lukather - guitar
Tamara Matoesian - backing vocals
Peggy McCreary - assistant engineer
Richard Page - backing vocals
Tony Pappa - assistant engineer
John Pierce - bass
Jeff Porcaro - drums
Aaron Rapoport - photography
Bill Reichenbach Jr. - trombone
John Robinson - drums
Tom Scott - saxophone
Ernie Sheesley - assistant engineer
Leland Sklar - bass
Larry Tolbert - drums
Patrick Von Wiegandt - assistant engineer
Larry Williams - saxophone
References
1981 albums
Albums produced by David Foster
Elektra Records albums
Rusty Willoughby (born June 30, 1966) is an active American musician born in Staten Island and currently living in Vashon, Washington, a suburb of Seattle. , he has been vocalist, songwriter and guitarist or bass guitarist for several Seattle based bands: Pure Joy (1984–1989, 1997–2004), Flop (1990–1995), Llama (2005–2008), and Cobirds Unite (2010–). He also briefly played drums for the Fastbacks. He also played with Kurt Bloch of the Fastbacks, Jonathan Poneman (co-founder of the record label Sub Pop), and Scott Sutherland (of Seattle bands Model Rockets and Chemistry Set) in a Cheap Trick cover band called Sick Man of Europe, and appeared in the film Hype!, a documentary directed about the popularity of grunge rock.
Musical style
In a 1999 review of Willoughby's self-titled solo album, Don Yates of KEXP-FM described his "Beatlesque songcraft" as "bring[ing] to mind the starker side of Elliott Smith."
Discography
Solo albums
Rusty Willoughby self-released, 1999)
Filament Dust (self-released, 2009)
Cobirds Unite (self-released, 2010)
Adult Soft Record (self-release, 2012)
Anti (self-released, 2013)
Solo singles
"Here Come the Weakened" / "And the World Moves On" (Sub Pop, 1999, 7-inch vinyl)
Flop albums
Flop and the Fall of the Mopsqueezer! (Frontier Records - 1992)
Whenever You're Ready (Sony 550 - 1993)
World of Today (Frontier Records - 1995)
Flop EPs and Singles
The Losing End (Lucky Records - 1990)
Drugs (Dashboard Hula Girl Records - 1990)
Anne (1993)
We Are You (Munster Records - 1993)
Regrets (Sony 550 - 1993)
The Great Valediction (Sony 550 - 1993)
Act 1 Scene 1 (Super Electro - 1995)
Place I Love (1995)
Pure Joy albums and EPs
Pure Joy (Dwindle Music, 1986, EP)
Carnivore (PopLlama, 1989)
Sore Throte, Ded Goat (No Threes, 1989 or 1990, EP)
Unsung (Flydaddy, recorded 1987, released 1994)
Getz the Worm (Flydaddy, 1997)
Gelatin and Bright (Book Records, 2003)
Notes
External links
rustywilloughby.com, official web site
Willoughby's blog
Live performance, KEXP-FM, October 5, 2002
Mike Baehr, Better Late: Unlovable party, Fantagraphics Books: page includes video of Willoughby performing at the Fantagraphics store February 7, 2009.
American rock musicians
Songwriters from Washington (state)
1966 births
Living people
People from Redmond, Washington
People from Staten Island
People from Vashon, Washington
Colin Collindridge (15 November 1920 – 14 April 2019) was an English footballer who played either as an outside left or a centre forward. Born in Barnsley, the early part of his playing career coincided with World War II but he subsequently represented Sheffield United, Nottingham Forest and Coventry City in the Football League.
Career
Collindridge was working as a miner and playing as an amateur for local side Wombwell Main when he was offered a trial with Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1937. Having failed to secure a contract with Wolves, Collindridge signed an amateur contract with Rotherham United the following summer, remaining with the Millers for a season before turning out for Barugh Green, his home-town side in 1938. It was here that Collindridge was spotted by Sheffield United, who signed him on amateur terms in December 1938, and professionally a month later in January 1939.
Collindridge was initially utilised in the reserves and did not make his first team debut until October 1939, by which time World War II had commenced and competitive football in England had been abandoned. Playing regularly for United in the wartime leagues, Collindridge also represented Chesterfield, Notts County, Lincoln City and Oldham Athletic as a guest player during the war. By the end of the war Collindridge was established as a first team choice for Sheffield United and he finally made his Football League debut in August 1946 in a 1–0 home loss to Liverpool. Initially deployed as an outside left Collindridge was increasingly asked to play as a centre forward during this period, despite it not being his preference.
In 1950 Collindridge rejected a move to Preston North End but did eventually sign for Nottingham Forest for £12,500 in August 1950. Winning a Third Division South championship medal in 1950–51, Collindridge remained with Forest for four years before joining Coventry City on a free transfer in June 1954. After a further two seasons with City, and with his career winding down, Collindridge joined non-league Bath City in 1956 before finishing his career with Arnold St Mary's.
Personal life
Born in the Barugh Green area of Barnsley, Collindridge worked as a miner in Wombwell Main Colliery during his early playing days and continued this role during the early years of the Second World War. In 1941 however, Collindridge enlisted in the RAF and was employed as an armourer for the remainder of the conflict. After the end of his playing career Collindridge was involved in the catering trade before retiring to Newark-on-Trent.
References
1920 births
2019 deaths
Footballers from Barnsley
English footballers
Association football forwards
Wombwell Main F.C. players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. wartime guest players
Notts County F.C. wartime guest players
Lincoln City F.C. wartime guest players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. wartime guest players
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Bath City F.C. players
Arnold F.C. players
English Football League players
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
"Unidentified Black Males" is the 61st episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the ninth of the show's fifth season. Written by Matthew Weiner and Terence Winter, and directed by Tim Van Patten, it originally aired on May 2, 2004.
Starring
James Gandolfini as Tony Soprano
Lorraine Bracco as Dr. Jennifer Melfi
Edie Falco as Carmela Soprano
Michael Imperioli as Christopher Moltisanti
Dominic Chianese as Corrado Soprano, Jr. *
Steven Van Zandt as Silvio Dante
Tony Sirico as Paulie Gualtieri
Robert Iler as Anthony Soprano, Jr.
Jamie-Lynn DiScala as Meadow Soprano
Drea de Matteo as Adriana La Cerva
Aida Turturro as Janice Soprano Baccalieri *
Vincent Curatola as Johnny Sack
John Ventimiglia as Artie Bucco
Steve Buscemi as Tony Blundetto
* = credit only
Guest starring
Synopsis
Tony notices Tony B's foot injury, which he blames on an attempted assault by several black men. The next day, Tony learns from Johnny that Joey Peeps's killer was limping. He nearly passes out from a panic attack. Confronted by Tony, Tony B calmly denies his involvement. Tony, aware of his cousin's tough financial situation, decides to put him in control of an illegal casino on Bloomfield Avenue and have him made. Christopher resents this favoritism.
At Joey's funeral, Johnny realizes that Little Carmine engineered the hit as payback for Lorraine Calluzzo's murder. Johnny suspects Tony B's involvement because one of his informants saw him near the scene of the crime. In a confrontation with Johnny, Tony makes up an alibi for Tony B. Johnny reluctantly accepts the story, but wordlessly threatens Tony if he finds out he is lying. In a session with Dr. Melfi, Tony's panic attacks are traced to his recent encounters with Tony B. He admits the truth about what really happened the night Tony B was arrested in the 1980s. Tony had a panic attack after arguing with his mother Livia and covered it up with a story of being beaten up by black men. Tony realizes that he has been assuaging his own guilt and shame.
A faux pas causes tensions between Meadow's boyfriend, Finn DeTrolio, and Tony. After they make amends, Tony gets Finn a job at a mob-run construction site, where several members of his crew have "no-work" jobs. In the unfamiliar situation, Finn is uneasy. Uneasiness turns into fear after he witnesses a violent encounter between Eugene Pontecorvo and Little Paulie over homophobic jibes. The next day, Finn arrives at work early in the morning, and accidentally catches Vito performing oral sex on a male security guard. Later, Vito tries to coerce Finn into attending a New York Yankees game with him. Fearing for his life, Finn considers leaving New Jersey for the time being, prompting a heated argument with Meadow, which goes on through the night. Sometime after four o'clock, he proposes to her.
Carmela finally decides to divorce Tony and obtain her share of their assets. He is furious; looming over her he says, "You're entitled to shit." During a consultation, Carmela becomes encouraged when she learns that a forensic accountant could discover Tony's unreported financial assets. After contacting several lawyers, Carmela realizes that Tony has consulted them all to prevent them from taking her case, and no forensic accountant is willing to assess his finances. She becomes tearful looking out the window at Tony floating in the swimming pool, while Meadow on the phone tells her about her engagement.
Title reference
Numerous misfortunes that members of the crime family have experienced, usually at one another's hands, are falsely blamed on black males. Four are mentioned in this episode: Tony's absence the night Tony B was arrested; the death of Jackie Aprile, Jr. in "Army of One"; Tony B's foot injury from the previous episode which he still suffers from in this episode; and the injuries Eugene causes to Little Paulie's head in this episode (Vito said, "What? I think I have seen a couple of niggers, runnin' that way!").
Connections to previous episodes
Christopher sang a few words of "If I Were a Carpenter" in the Season 4 episode "No Show," beginning the opening verse as "If I were a carpenter, and you were a douchebag..."
Little Carmine dismisses suggestions to negotiate with Johnny Sack by saying: "This is not the U.N." In the episode "Where's Johnny?", Johnny Sack responded to Tony's suggestion of a power-sharing arrangement: "What's this, the fuckin' U.N. now?!"
In Season 4, Episode 13, "Whitecaps," Tony is advised to quickly consult all the best local lawyers so that they cannot represent his wife. He has apparently done so.
In the beach scene in this episode, Bichu Rap by Titi Robin is being played in the background. This song is also featured in Season 5, Episode 1, Two Tonys, where it is being played in Meadow's car when Meadow picks AJ up to go to dinner at Janice and Bobby's house.
Other cultural references
When Tony tells his cousin there was a witness to the "Joey Peeps" murder who saw a man limping away, Tony B quips the murderer could have been Long John Silver.
Paulie refers to Finn as Shaggy, due to his resemblance to the Scooby-Doo character.
Vito tells Finn that he looks like Joe Perry, the lead guitarist for Aerosmith.
Eugene Pontecorvo and Patsy Parisi ask Finn whether Mike Tyson or Muhammad Ali would win a boxing fight if both were in their prime, a question which Finn is afraid to answer for fear of angering Eugene and causing another of his violent outbursts.
Lee Nieman, one of the divorce lawyers Carmela calls, is played by real-life lawyer Sidney Davidoff who was famously one of the 20 names on Nixon's Enemies List (and, as of May 2021, one of the last two living people on the list).
Production
Joseph R. Gannascoli came up with the idea of Vito being a gay mobster after reading about a member of the Gambino crime family who was gay and allowed to live for the sake of being a good earner.
Music
The song played over the end credits is "If I Were a Carpenter" sung by Bobby Darin.
The song played during the scene where Meadow and Finn are at the beach party is "Bichu Rap" by Titi Robin. This song is also heard in the earlier Season 5 episode Two Tonys.
References
External links
"Unidentified Black Males" at HBO
The Sopranos (season 5) episodes
2004 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by Tim Van Patten
Thornbury Castle is a Tudor castle in the parish of Thornbury, in Gloucestershire, England, situated next to the parish church of St Mary, founded in the Norman era. Construction was begun in 1511 as a further residence for Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham (1478-1521), of Stafford Castle in Staffordshire. It is not a true military fortress but rather an early example of a Tudor country house, with minimal defensive attributes. As at Richmond Palace in Surrey, the main ranges of Thornbury framed courts, of which the symmetrical entrance range, with central gatehouse and octagonal corner towers, survives, together with two less regular side ranges with many irregular projecting features and towers. It is now a grade I listed building that is operated as a hotel.
History
The site was occupied by a manor house in 930; Jasper Tudor, Duke of Bedford & Earl of Pembroke, died in the Manor House in 1495. Part of the original plans for a very grand residence were "well advanced", with a Licence to crenellate being granted in 1508, before the 3rd Duke of Buckingham was beheaded for treason in 1521, by order of King Henry VIII.
Following the 3rd Duke's death Thornbury was confiscated by King Henry VIII of England, who stayed there for ten days in August 1535 with Queen Anne Boleyn. In 1554 Queen Mary granted the castle and manor to Henry Stafford, 1st Baron Stafford. Following the Civil War, the castle fell into disrepair, but was renovated in 1824 by the Howard family.
Today
The castle is now a 26-room luxury hotel and restaurant, and a venue for weddings. Between 1966 and 1986 the castle was operated as one of the UK's top restaurants by Kenneth Bell MBE with staff including food writer Nigel Slater<ref>'Toast: The Story of a Boy's Hunger'', Fourth Estate Ltd, (, 2003) or HarperPerennial (, 2004)</ref> and MasterChef New Zealand judge Simon Gault early in their culinary careers.
A report in March 2022 indicated that all of the bedrooms and suites of the hotel had been refurbished. Since November 2021, the property had been a member of Relais & Châteaux.
Locomotive
There was a GWR Castle class 4-6-0 locomotive in preservation named 7027 Thornbury Castle. In August 2022 the future restoration of Thornbury Castle was called into question when the Great Western Society's 4709 Group'' bought the locomotive with the intention of donating the boiler to their project to re-create a GWR 4700 Class. Thornbury Castle's chassis and other components are to be used to recreate a GWR Star class locomotive.
Images
See also
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
List of castles in England
References
External links
Thornbury Castle website
A1tourism.com article about Thornbury Castle
alltouristattractions about Thornbury Castle
Description of Stephen Edgar's furniture and interiors at Thornbury Castle
on Google Maps
Houses completed in the 16th century
Castles in Gloucestershire
+
Buildings and structures in South Gloucestershire District
Grade I listed buildings in Gloucestershire
Grade I listed castles
Restaurants in Gloucestershire
Hotels in Gloucestershire
Thornbury, Gloucestershire
Nyaya () is a 2018 autobiography by Sushila Karki. It was published on September 28, 2018, by Book Hill Publications. Karki is the first female Chief Justice of Nepal. It is the first book by this author. She wrote the book after the end of her term on the bench.
Synopsis
The book depicts the journey of the writer to be the first female Chief Justice of Nepal. Karki served for 30 years in the law profession and eight years as a judge. She writes about her growing up years and her memories of the college life. The book describes the various political upheavals in Nepal and Karki's involvement in those activities and revolutions. The book also contains the various struggles she had to face while she was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Nepal and the various landmark decisions she delivered. The book also contains accounts of the various political pressures Karki had to endure during her term.
Reception
During the launch event, Senior Advocate Surendra Bhandari described the book as a "viewing glass to how the judiciary works in Nepal". Dr. Govinda K.C. praised the book as "an honest portrayal of the working of supreme court of Nepal". Kumar Khadka in his review for Onlinekhabar news portal however slated the biography as "manufactured".
See also
Singha Durbarko Ghumne Mech
Hisila: From Revolutionary to First Lady
Khalangama Hamala
References
2018 non-fiction books
21st-century Nepalese books
Nepalese autobiographies
Nepalese books
People from Morang District
People from Biratnagar
Women chief justices
Chief justices of Nepal
Nepali-language books
Leopold Kiesling (born 11 April 1893, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1912.
References
External links
1893 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
This is a list of Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament of Bangladesh) by Bangladeshi constituencies for the 10th Parliament of the Bangladesh.
It includes both MPs elected at the 2014 general election, held on 5 January 2014, and Nominated women's members for reserved seat and those subsequently elected in by-elections.
Members
Elected members
Nominated women members
References
Members of the Jatiya Sangsad by term
is a railway station in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
"Feeling So Blue" is a song by German musical group Michael Mind Project headed by German music producer and DJ Michael Mind. The single features vocals from American singer Dante Thomas. It was released on 15 June 2012 becoming a hit in France, Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Sampling and more credits
The song is based on a sample from the well-known 1999 hit "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" by Eiffel 65, as written and composed by Maurizio Lobina, Gianfranco Randone and Massimo Gabutti. Michael Mind Project has also revealed that sample came about after the sample of O-Zone's "Dragostea Din Tei" from the single "Live Your Life" by T.I. and Rihanna. This is the second song to sample Eiffel 65's "Blue (Da Ba Dee)", the other being "Sugar" by Flo Rida.
Charts
See also
Blue (Da Ba Dee)
References
2012 songs
2012 singles
Eurodance songs
Songs written by Jenson Vaughan
Songs written by Maurizio Lobina
European Medical Students' Orchestra and Choir (EMSOC) consists of medical students and young doctors from all over Europe, all of whom have passion and talent for making music. Each year, the orchestra and the choir meet in a different European city for around ten days of intensive rehearsals and social activities, culminating in several concerts. The proceeds of the benefit concerts go to a selected non-profit medical aid organization. Each course is organised by medical students and junior doctors in the particular host country.
History
It began in 2009 when European Medical Students' Orchestra (EMSO) and European Medical Students' Choir (EMSC) joined forces to produce a spectacular series of concerts in Ljubljana and Piran, Slovenia under the direction of two conductors - Martina Batič and Marjan Grdadolnik. The union of the orchestra and the choir was so successful that the cooperation of EMSO and EMSC continued with concerts in Chester Cathedral and the Royal Northern College of Music, Manchester, United Kingdom in 2010 under the conduction of John Anderson and Daniel Parkinson, as well as in Giessen and Frankfurt, Germany in 2011, under the leadership of Stefan Ottersbach and Anna Katharina Kalmbach.
In 2012 the orchestra and the choir assembled in the Island of Rab and Rijeka, Croatia, where - under the direction of Mladen Tarbuk, and the choir - leadership of Anna Katharina Kalmbach - they continued the tradition of EMSOC. In the following year EMSOC was organized in Hungary by the students of the University of Szeged and the University of Budapest. More than 150 participants from all over Europe gathered to perform two charity concerts under the baton of Péter Somorjai and with the choir leadership of Anna Katharina Kalmbach, presenting Carmina Burana by Carl Orff.
Further meetings of EMSOC took place in Bilbao/Spain (2014), Warsaw/Poland (2015), Prague/Czech Republic (2016), Basel and Geneva/Switzerland (2017) and Rotterdam and Leiden/The Netherlands (2018).
During the summer of 2019 the musicians joined together again for an unforgettable experience in Granada, Spain, performing Karl Jenkins's Gloria and other pieces.
In 2020 the meeting was scheduled to take place in Germany. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic this meeting was delayed until 2021.
Germany
The European Medical Students' Orchestra (EMSO) was founded in Würzburg, Germany in 1993. Since its origins as a chamber orchestra in 1993, EMSO has grown in size and popularity to a full symphony orchestra of about 60 musicians from more than 20 European countries. In Ljubljana, 1996, the orchestra's performance of Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto was sold out, and the concert was broadcast on Slovenian national radio. In Budapest in 2002, a Hungarian journalist wrote that the orchestra's performance of Liszt's Piano Concerto was “thrilling from beginning to the end”. In Poznan, 2004, the concert was attended by more than a thousand listeners in addition to being broadcast by Polish national radio. In a similar way, EMSO has been greeted within various European cities by several notable figures. In Aberdeen, 1999, the orchestra was invited to dine with the Lord Mayor of Aberdeen, and in Porto, 2001, it was welcomed by the Portuguese Culture Secretary. Since 2009, European Medical Students' Orchestra joined forces with European Medical Students' Choir to form European Medical Students' Orchestra and Choir (EMSOC).
England
The European Medical Students' Choir (EMSC) was founded in London, England, in 1996, by Vasuki Sivagnavel. Since its beginnings in 1996, EMSC events took place up to twice a year until 2006, when EMSC took a three - years break. In 2009, EMSC combined forces with EMSO forming European Medical Students' Orchestra and Choir (EMSOC).
See also
List of symphony orchestras in Europe
References
External links
EMSOC 2020 https://emsoc-info.eu/emsoc-2020/
EMSOC 2019 https://emsoc2019.es/
Medical
European youth orchestras
International medical associations of Europe
Medical and health student organizations
Pan-European music organizations
Cytherean is an adjective literally meaning of Cythera (Latin Cytherēa, from the Greek adjective Κυθέρεια Kythereia, from Κύθηρα Kythēra 'Cythera'). Cythera is a small Greek island, southeast of the Peloponnesus, and a legendary birthplace of the goddess Aphrodite (Venus). The word Cytherean was first applied to the goddess and later, due to word taboo, to the planet Venus that had been named after the goddess.
When planetary scientists began to have a need to discuss Venus in detail, an adjective was needed. Based on the principles of Latin names in English, the regular adjectival form of the name is Venerean (or Venerian, either pronounced ). However, these forms have an unfortunate similarity to the related word venereal, as in venereal disease (related to "Venerean" as martial is to "Martian"), and is not generally used by astronomers. The term Venusian is etymologically messy (similar to saying "Earthian" or "Jupiterian"), and a "cleaner" version was desired.
Since Venus has a Greek name, as well as a Roman one, this could be used; however, the adjectival form of Aphrodite, "Aphrodisian" , was felt to be unfortunately similar to "aphrodisiac", again evoking sex rather than astronomy.
A compromise was reached. In Greek mythology, the goddess Aphrodite was said to have been born from the sea, from which she emerged on a seashell at the island of Cythera, and as such she was sometimes referred to as Cytherēa. The adjective Cytherean was taken from this name and remained popular in scientific literature for some time. Its perhaps forgotten usage in 18th century erotica did not interfere with this choice.
The term has since fallen out of common use. Venusian is the form most frequently used, with others, including Venerean appearing from time to time; the term Cytherean is now mostly found in older scientific papers, but some scientists still stick to the "tasteful" naming. In addition, the word "Cytherean" as an adjective referring to Venus is often found in science fiction of the early and mid 20th century.
See also
List of adjectivals and demonyms of astronomical bodies
Venusians
References
Venus
Planetary science
Greek mythology
Jordan Lenín Rezabala Anzules (born 29 February 2000) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Olmedo on loan from Tijuana.
References
2000 births
Living people
Ecuadorian footballers
Ecuador youth international footballers
Ecuadorian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
C.S.D. Independiente del Valle footballers
Club Tijuana footballers
Ecuadorian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Ecuador under-20 international footballers
The St George region of Sydney is part of the southern suburbs of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. The area includes all the suburbs in the local government area of Georges River Council and the part of Bayside Council which was Rockdale City prior to 2016. The eastern boundary of the district is Lady Robinson Beach on Botany Bay. The name "St George" derives from the cadastral Parish of St George (used for land title purposes), and the area was later covered by the St George County Council, the electricity supplier for the councils in this region.
History
Indigenous Australians
The first inhabitants of the St George area were Australian Aboriginals. At the time of the arrival of the First Fleet, the Eora tribe inhabited land from Port Jackson to Botany Bay and the Georges River. There is evidence to suggest that these people belonged to the Gweagal, Bidjigal and Cadigal clans.
European settlement
James Cook sailed HMS Endeavour into Botany Bay in 1770 for his first landing on the continent of Australia. Captain Arthur Phillip led the First Fleet into the bay on 18 January 1788 to found a penal colony there but found the sandy infertile soil disappointing and moved the site of the settlement north to the natural harbour of Port Jackson. The ridge between the Cooks River and Georges River was covered in a dense forest which first attracted timber cutters to the area. Wood gatherers, bark collectors, sawyers and charcoal burners moved into the area to work the forests of Simeon Lord and supply Sydney's timber needs. By the 1840s, Major Mitchell was building the Illawarra Road (now Forest Road) on the ridge through ‘Lord's Bush', which required enormous amounts of trees and bush to be cleared. Irishman Michael Gannon was innkeeper at Cooks River in the 1840s. He acquired land in the area, part of which became known as ‘Gannons Forest' which later was the centre of Hurstville. By 1851 it was estimated that 50 to 100 carts of timber and lime crossed the Cooks River daily.
St George Parish was one of the original parishes within Cumberland County. It is one of nine parishes named after saints, of which only St George and St James are still commonly used as place names. A map of the parish revealed that the land was cut into areas ranging from 30 to and a few large land grants of . The recipients were William Packer, Josh Thorp, James Oatley, Hannah Laycock, F. W. Unwin, Reuben and David Hannam, Patrick Moore, J. Beehag, John Porter and the larger grants were James Chandler and John and Robert Townson. The parish also covers the former City of Canterbury, now the eastern part of the City of Canterbury-Bankstown, although most customary references to the "St George area" today do not include that part of the parish.
In 1920, the local councils in the St George area constituted St George County Council, to deal with distribution of electricity in the region. St George County Council was merged with Sydney County Council (another inter-council electricity supplier) to form "Sydney Electricity" in 1989.
The regional identity was reinforced by the creation in 1949 of a federal electorate, the Division of St George, in the area. The Division was abolished in 1993. The area's identity is reflected in the name of the St George Illawarra Dragons team who play in the National Rugby League, and the St. George Bank.
Suburbs in St George Area
Culture and sport
The St George area is a culturally diverse region. Major centres feature a substantial number of Southern European and Asian migrants and their families, with Hurstville often being referred to as Sydney's real Chinatown in the media.
In terms of sport, the area is known as the home of the St George Illawarra Dragons, one of the most successful rugby league teams.
Commercial areas
The biggest commercial areas in the St George area are located at Hurstville, Kogarah and Rockdale. Hurstville is the largest central business district in southern Sydney and features a large shopping centre called Westfield Hurstville. Additionally Rockdale features another large shopping centre, Rockdale Plaza.
Transport
The St. George Area is serviced very well by public transport. The Eastern Suburbs & Illawarra Line, South coastline and Airport Line have frequent services to the city directly or via Wolli Creek.
There are also abundant bus routes serving the region operated by Transit Systems, Punchbowl Bus Company and Transdev NSW.
Population
The population of the St George region, as estimated in 2020, was 285,214.
St. George name
Several major local institutions have 'St. George' in their title:
St. George Asian Business Association
St. George Bank
St. George Basketball Association
St. George College, TAFE NSW Sydney Institute
St. George & Sutherland Community College
St George AFC
St. George Dragons District Junior Rugby League
St. George Girls High School
St George Christian School
St. George Hospital
St. George Illawarra Dragons (NRL Rugby league Team)St. George Leagues Club
St. George Masonic Club
St George Model Boat Club
St. George Motorboat Club
St George Rowing Club
St. George Rugby Union Club
St. George Sailing Club
St. George Soccer Football Association
St George and Sutherland Shire Leader newspaper
References
Regions of Sydney
Georges River
WXSS (103.7 FM) is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station owned by Audacy, Inc., licensed to Wauwatosa, Wisconsin and serving Milwaukee. Its studios are located in Hales Corners. WXSS's tower is located in the Milwaukee "tower farm" complex near Estabrook Park in the northeastern part of the city.
History
The original call sign was WTOS, a reference to its city of license, when it signed on in 1961 with a MOR format. WTOS later flipped to a country music format that also featured ethnic programming. In March 1969, new owners switched the station's format to progressive rock, going head-to-head with WZMF. The inexperienced owners lost money with the format, and in 1971, a new owner adopted a beautiful music format and the WEZW call sign. WEZW was a huge ratings success for the following two decades.
Magic 103.7
As the format withered away on radio dials across the country during the late 1980s and early 1990s, WEZW tweaked the format in 1993 by adding adult contemporary music with vocals. WEZW made an even more abrupt change in March 1995 by changing its calls to WAMG and branding to Magic 103.7 with the slogan "Continuous Soft Favorites". Unable to compete with WLTQ, they flipped to a Rhythmic Adult Contemporary format during Labor Day weekend, 1996, keeping the "Magic" branding, but changing the slogan to "Rhythm & Romance." The playlist featured rhythmic oldies, current R&B and Pop/Dance in addition to soft AC. Much of the airstaff was changed; however, some features including "Lovesongs" (with a different host) and "The Sunday Jazz Brunch" remained.
103.7 KISS FM
On June 19, 1998, the station launched its current CHR format, and 103.7 KISS-FM was born, with "Everybody" by Backstreet Boys being the first song played. The station debuted with 10,000 songs in a row without commercials, as many CHR stations have done, and was promoted and followed by a $10,000 giveaway. As the station added personalities, they did several remotes with T-shirt giveaways. Current Vice President of Operations, Brian Kelly, was in charge of the launch, which included imaging by Mitch Craig. The station was branded as The New, All Hit 103.7 Kiss FM from the time it started until February 2003.
At Midnight on February 3, 2003, the station tweaked its playlist to Rhythmic CHR and branding to 103.7 Kiss FM, The New #1 Hit Music Station, but by August 2003, the station began tweaking back to mainstream CHR. However, by 2009, WXSS shifted back to a Rhythmic-leaning direction with a heavy emphasis on R&B/hip-hop, dance and pop hits while playing only the most popular rock music.
On May 28, 2010, WXSS got new competition when WRNW ditched its '80s Classic Rock format to go Top 40/CHR. WRNW's parent company iHeartMedia (the former Clear Channel Communications) owns the rights to the "KISS-FM" branding, though when WXSS launched in 1998, Clear Channel was still in the process of acquiring their Milwaukee stations, and the strategy of expanding the KISS-FM branding across Clear Channel's stations nationwide had not yet been implemented, allowing Entercom to claim the name in the Milwaukee market. WRNW would flip to Sports Talk in November 2018 after eight years and not so impressive ratings, as well as failing to overtake WXSS during its run.
On September 7, 2012, WXSS picked up new competition from WZBK-FM, who switched formats from Classic Country to Rhythmic Top 40 as WNRG, "Energy 106.9." This would last until April 1, 2021, when the station flipped to Oldies, thus leaving WXSS as the only CHR station in Milwaukee.
Today WXSS plays mostly Rhythmic Pop Hits and Hip-Hop, in addition to Classic Hip-Hop from the 90s and 2000s on a more regular basis.
History of the Various Shows on KISS FM
Mornings
The Joe Show with Joe Caruso, Van "The Man" McNeal, and Ginger Jordan was the first morning show when the station signed on. The show later was helmed for a short time by Van and Ginger, after the departure of Caruso. Former KDWB afternoon jock Michael Knight then joined to form Knight In The Morning. Later, Van moved to nights on KISS and Michael and Ginger welcomed former KDWB production director Rahny Taylor as the third host and executive producer. Later, when Rahny and Michael were moved to clustermate Hot A/C WMYX and Ginger departed the station, KISS mornings were handled again by Van McNeal, this time with KISS production assistant Tony Zamboni as co-host. Just months later, Van moved to afternoon drive on KISS and Rahny Taylor returned to KISS FM, along with former KISS night and afternoon host Wes McKane, to form the "Wes & Rahny In The Morning". Later, former WIFC FM night jock Alley Faith joined Wes and Rahny, to form "Wes, Rahny, and Alley". In 2013 Rahny departed the station for K-Love/Air1 in Sacramento. Crosstown WRNW afternoon host, Riggs, replaced him to form "Wes, Riggs & Alley." In late 2015, Wes left Kiss to host mornings on sister station, WMYX. In September 2016, Ryan Gibbons joined the show from KZOK Seattle as full-time "Producer Gibbons". The show is now known as simply "Riggs and Alley".
Middays
KISS FM has had only four midday personalities in its 18 years, with JoJo Martinez holding the job for about nine of those years. During JoJo's short time away from the station, former Atlanta radio personality and current XM disc jockey PJ held the job. JoJo moved to sister station WMYX in the summer of 2010 and Leigh McNabb, formerly of WLRW, WZOK and WMYX, hosted middays until 2015. In the fall of 2015, current music director, Nathan Graham began hosting middays. In 2018, JMatt became the station's midday host.
Afternoons
The station signed on with former Jacksonville and Denver radio personality Greg Tanner in afternoons. Following his exit, former KISS night jock and current morning host Wes McKane held down PM drive. After Wes left to do nights at KDWB in the Twin Cities, Mat Mitchell, formerly nights at Mix 93.3 in Kansas City, held down afternoons. When Mat left to do mornings at Channel 963 in Wichita, then night host Van McNeal did afternoons. Van later left to do the same shift on sister station WMYX, which opened the door for Kraig Karson, the station's first night host, to do afternoons.
Nights
When KISS signed on, current afternoon jock Kraig Karson served as the first night show host. When Kraig left for afternoons at the now defunct 103.5 The Beat in Chicago, current morning show host Wes McKane became the station's second night jock, coming from a similar role at 95.5 WIFC FM in central Wisconsin. After Wes moved to afternoons, former KDWB jock Zanny K. enter for a very short stint as the night time host. Zanny was followed by Van McNeal, who shifted into nights from mornings. Van's move back to mornings made way for B-Dub, who was inbound from HOT 104 in Mobile, AL. After about one year, B-Dub left for afternoon drive at Q102 in Philly and was replaced by Kracker, a.k.a. Pat Clark, who moved from a similar job at U92 in Salt Lake City. Upon Kracker's departure for mornings in Seattle at KQMV, former KISS part-timer Brett Andrews returned for the night slot, coming from HOT 97 in Las Vegas, where he hosted afternoons. Brett Andrews was the night host until May 2010, when he took another job in Portland, Oregon. After his move, HaZe, who formerly worked at KSLZ St. Louis, took over the night slot at KISS. After Haze left the station in 2011, Michelle McKnight stepped in. She left the station in the spring of 2014 for KTFM in San Antonio. Nathan Graham came to KISS to host nights in the fall of 2014. After segueing up to middays, he was replaced by longtime Milwaukee radio staple, DJ Gee-A.
Overnights
Current overnight host is Z, who also works as Assistant Production Director for Entercom Milwaukee. Previous overnight hosts included Dave Michaels (Currently nights on WRIT-FM), Brett Andrews did fill in overnights in 2002 (Currently Program Director and Morning Show host at WRIT-FM), Jake Evans (Left for WLUM-FM in 2002)
Klub KISS
Klub KISS, created in 2003, is a dance club mixshow featuring most of the songs played in regular rotation in remixed/dance mix form. It was so popular that in 2005 it spawned the 5 O'Clock Traffic Jam and PJ's Party Jam (later renamed Jojo's Party Jam upon Jojo's return to the Midday slot).
Klub KISS is currently produced and hosted by night personality, DJ Gee-A.
HD Radio
The station has two HD Radio subchannels. When WXSS commenced HD operations, their HD2 sub-channel carried the standup comedy format of the Comedy Radio Network. Later, an HD3 subchannel was activated to simulcasts sister sports talk station WSSP. In August 2011, the WSSP simulcast moved to the HD2, replacing the Comedy Radio Network, and the HD3 subchannel was turned off. As of June 2014, the 103.7-HD2 signal was translated in analog form on 105.7 FM over translator W289CB to give WSSP an FM signal within the main Milwaukee area.
In the spring of 2019, WXSS-HD3 was launched to carry "The Oasis", an '80s-heavy adult contemporary playlist branded as "Relaxing Radio"; in mid-August 2019, it was switched to the LGBTQ+ network Channel Q.
On October 5, 2020, WXSS-HD2/W289CB dropped the simulcast of WSSP and flipped to urban contemporary, branded as "Hot 105.7". The shift in format is likely intended to lure in nostalgia listeners, when WLUM-FM utilized the same format under the branding of "Hot 102" from its 1979 launch to its 1994 flip to Alternative (though the current incarnation of "Hot" has a more modern playlist), along with providing direct competition to WKKV, albeit in an automated form to start.
References
External links
WXSS in the FCC's FM station database
WXSS on Radio-Locator
WXSS in Nielsen Audio's FM station database
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
XSS
Contemporary hit radio stations in the United States
Audacy, Inc. radio stations
Nicole Camphaug is a Canadian Inuk fashion designer from Nunavut. She is primarily known for creating sealskin-covered shoes and other contemporary Inuit fashion items under the label ENB Artisan, which she runs with her husband. Camphaug uses commercially purchased shoes and covers them with sealskin and ornaments made from traditional animal materials like caribou, muskox, and narwhal. The pelts are sourced from Labrador. Camphaug has described her work as a means of promoting sealskin products, as well as Inuit culture and fashion. In an interview with Up Here, she stated that she enjoyed making high heels and dress shoes in particular because it provides a way to wear sealskin outside the winter season without being too warm.
Camphaug, who is from Rankin Inlet, learned to sew at an early age, mostly producing traditional Inuit clothing items like parkas and hats for family and friends. In 2015, she created her first pair of shoes by attaching scrap sealskin to a pair of her old boots. When she posted photos of the boots to her Facebook page, the positive response encouraged her to make more, which she began to sell.
A pair of Camphaug's heels are held in the Bata Shoe Museum in Toronto. In 2016, a pair of high heels by Camphaug were featured in Floe Edge, an exhibition of Inuit art and design by Quebec art collective Axe Néo-7. In 2019, Camphaug provided accessories for outfits at the Upingaksaaq Fashion Show in Iqaluit, which featured Inuit designers. ENB Artisan was short-listed for the grand prize of the 2021 Pow Wow Pitch, a competition for Indigenous Canadian entrepreneurs.
See also
Victoria Kakuktinniq
First Nations fashion
References
External links
Inuit artists
Artists from Nunavut
Canadian Inuit women
Canadian fashion designers
Inuit from Nunavut
Inuit fashion
People from Rankin Inlet
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Robert Andrew Gray (1882–1975) was an American politician from Florida. From 1930 to 1961, he served as Florida Secretary of State. To date, he is the longest-serving Secretary of State. Earlier in his career he represented Gadsden County in the Florida Legislature.
Early life
Robert Andrew Gray was born in Georgia in 1882 to a Methodist preacher and his wife. The family moved to North Florida when Gray was six months old, settling near Tallahassee. In 1899 at age 16, Gray enrolled at the South Florida Military College, where he studied under former Confederate Army General Evander M. Law, whom Gray credited to having a "formative effect" on his life. After General Law was forced to resign his position at the school due to political controversy in 1903, Gray and his fellow students refused to graduate and dropped out of school. Later that same year, Gray married "Grace Mullins, the daughter of a local Baptist minister". The two moved to Havana in Gadsden County.
Political career
After a brief period in education and the newspaper industry, Gray ran for the Gadsden County seat in the Florida House of Representatives in 1910 and won. Gray would serve in the House until 1913.
After his time in the legislature, Gray continued work in government, working as a personal secretary for Governor Park Trammell and for the State Auditor's office.
In 1930, Florida Governor Doyle Carlton appointed Gray Secretary of State, a position he would hold for the next 31 years through several gubernatorial administrations. He left office in 1961, as the longest-serving secretary of state. In office, Gray was remembered as being fiscally conservative and deeply committed to public service.
Legacy
The R. A. Gray Building at 500 South Bronough Street in Tallahassee houses the Florida State Archives and State Museum of Florida.
Books
References
External links
Findagrave entry
What's in a Name - R.A. Gray Building (The Florida Channel)
Pictures of Secretary Gray from the Florida State Library and Archives
1882 births
1975 deaths
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
Florida Democrats
People from Gadsden County, Florida
20th-century American politicians
Jacqueline Whitelaw (29 May 1957 – 20 July 2021), usually credited as Jackie Whitelaw, was a British technical journalist and editor, based in London. She focused on civil engineering, infrastructure, and transportation planning topics.
Early life
Whitelaw completed a degree in history and archaeology at the University of Exeter in 1978.
Career
After college, Whitelaw joined the staff of New Civil Engineer, initially as a secretary to the managing director. She served as the magazine's deputy editor from 1998 to 2009, and wrote profiles and reports for the magazine as a freelancer after 2009. From 2011 to 2013, she was editor of Transportation Professional, a publication of the Chartered Institution of Highways and Transportation (CIHT), focusing especially on London's transportation planning around the 2012 Summer Olympics. From 2014 to 2015 she was co-founder and associate editor of Infrastructure Intelligence, an online news service under the auspices of the Association for Consultancy and Engineering. She also wrote for Public Finance.
Among her last published articles were interviews with MIT professor Caitlin Mueller and John French of Cambridge Innovation Parks, on designing for carbon neutrality standards, and an article about the use of concrete with sensors for building information modelling in Hong Kong.
Personal life
Whitelaw died in 2021, aged 64 years.
References
External links
Jackie Whitelaw, on Muckrack
Jackie Whitelaw, at WorldCat
1957 births
2021 deaths
British women writers
British women editors
Technical writers
Flad Architects is a national architectural firm with offices in Madison, Wisconsin; Atlanta, Georgia; Gainesville and Tampa, Florida; Raleigh, North Carolina; San Francisco, California, Seattle, Washington; and New York, New York. In addition to architectural design, Flad offers interior design, landscape architecture, master planning, strategic planning, structural engineering, and sustainable design services. The firm is involved in multiple markets and building types including: corporate, healthcare, higher education, science and technology, and the federal government.
Flad is among Building Design + Construction's Top 50 Architectural and Engineering firms and is ranked number 170 on the Engineering News-Record's list of the “Top 500 Design Firms, and number 16 on the “Top 100 Green Firms.”
History
John J. Flad was born and educated in Madison. He apprenticed with Madison architects, James O. Gordon, in 1907 and briefly with Robert Wright before working at Chicago firms from 1909 to 1914. He returned to Madison to work under Alvan E. Small until 1917; worked two years as Wisconsin State Architect; then rejoined Small until 1926. As part of Flad & Small, Flad designed the St. Bernard's Roman Catholic Church at 2460 Atwood in Madison.
He also apprenticed with Frank Lloyd Wright.
Flad & Moulton
From 1926 until 1932, Flad partnered with Frank S. Moulton (1891-1981) to form Flad & Moulton. The firm produced several surviving buildings including South School (Reedsburg, Wisconsin) at 420 Plum Street (a Works Progress Administration funded project), the 1931 remodel of the Dowling Apartment Building (originally constructed in 1922) in Dane County, Wisconsin; the U.S. Post Office and Federal Courthouse (Madison, Wisconsin) and the Madison Catholic Association Clubhouse. Moulton designed the Reedsburg Municipal Hospital built in 1932, and his later work included the University of Wisconsin Memorial Union, University Hospital, and Student Nurses' Dormitory all on the University of Wisconsin campus.
National Register of Historic Places listed buildings by the firm (with attribution) include:
Dowling Apartment Building, 445-447 W. Wilson St., Madison, WI (Flad and Moulton)
Grimm Book Bindery, 454 W. Gilman St., Madison, WI (J Flad & Asso.)
One or more works in Shorewood Historic District, roughly bounded by Lake Mendota Dr., Tallyho Ln., Shorewood Blvd., and the Blackhawk Country Club, Village of Shorewood Hills, WI, (John J. Flad)
One or more works in Waterloo Downtown Historic District, jct. of Madison and Monroe Sts., Waterloo, WI (John J. Flad & Son)
Flad & Associates
Flad & Associates first designs were churches and residential homes throughout the Madison, Wisconsin area, and St. Bernard's Church was the first church designed by the firm. Another prominent building Flad designed was the Erickson Home for the Madison Small Homes Bureau, which was recognized by Architectural Forum magazine in 1936. Flad designed the Madison Catholic Association Clubhouse constructed in 1938 at 15 East Wilson Street, later known as the Diocese of Madison Chancery Building.
In the 1950s and 1960s Flad grew from a local practice to a regional practice and began specializing in higher education and healthcare projects throughout the Midwest. That specialization continues today on a more national scale. Early projects included Beloit Memorial Hospital in Beloit, Wisconsin, and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Edward Burr Van Vleck Mathematics Building. Flad also designed the Parker Pen Company World's Fair Pavilion for the 1964 New York World's Fair.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, the firm made a conscious decision to expand their experience designing hospital labs into a more global science and technology lab specialization designing corporate offices, data centers, training centers, and science and technology laboratories. Flad's first research laboratory project was the USDA Dairy Forage Science Center.
In 1985 Joe Flad, son of John Flad, sold the practice to five of his employees, transforming Flad & Associates into an employee-owned firm.
Flad became a member of the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) in 1994 and played a role in the development of the original Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) version 1.0 Building Rating System in 1996–1998. In 1998, the firm participated in the LEED Pilot Program to beta test the new rating systems with its Pharmacia Life Sciences Building project. Pharmacia's building became the first research facility to achieve LEED certification and was awarded a LEED Gold rating in 2001.
In 2004, Flad expanded its science and technology design services to include advanced energy research to develop clean energy sources, enhanced technologies and improved fuel efficiency.
Two of the firm's energy research lab designs are Stony Brook University, Advanced Energy Research & Technology Center (AERTC) and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), Integrated Biorefinery Research Facility.
In 2008 the firm changed its name from Flad & Associates to Flad Architects.
Awards
Eight of the firm's projects have been recognized in the Lab of the Year competition, held by R&D Magazine:
R&D Magazine - 2011 Lab of the Year High Honors, University of California, Davis, Teaching and Research Winery and the August A. Busch III Brewing and Food Science Laboratory (WBF); Davis, California
R&D Magazine - 2008 Lab of the Year High Honors, Indiana University (Bloomington), Multidisciplinary Science Building - Simon Hall; Bloomington, Indiana
R&D Magazine - 2002 Renovated Lab of the Year, Bayer Corporation, Building 36; West Haven, Connecticut
R&D Magazine - 2001 Lab of the Year Special Mention, Lab Planning and Sustainability, Pharmacia Building Q; Skokie, Illinois
R&D Magazine - 1999 Lab of the Year, Chiron Corporation Life Sciences Building; Emeryville, California
R&D Magazine - 1996 Lab of the Year High Honors, Genentech Research Facility; South San Francisco, California
R&D Magazine - 1989 Lab of the Year High Honors, Bausch & Lomb Optics Research Center; Rochester, New York
R&D Magazine - 1982 Lab of the Year Special Mention, USDA Dairy Forage Research Laboratory; Madison, Wisconsin
Notable Projects
Academic
Indiana University (Bloomington), Multidisciplinary Science Buildings - Simon Hall (MSB I) and MSB II; Bloomington, Indiana
University of California, Davis Department of Viticulture and Enology, Viticulture & Encology Research and Teaching Winery, and Anheuser Busch Brewing and Food Pilot Facility; Davis, California
University of Connecticut, Lodewick Visitor's Center; Storrs, Connecticut
University of Wisconsin-Madison, Biochemistry Building I & II; Madison, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin-Madison, DC Smith Greenhouses; Madison, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin-Madison, Vilas Communications Hall; Madison, Wisconsin
Purdue University, Discovery Park (Purdue), Bindley Bioscience Center; West Lafayette, Indiana
Healthcare
Genesis Health System, Genesis Heart Institute; Davenport, Iowa
Shands at the University of Florida, Shands Cancer Center; Gainesville, Florida
SSM Health Care, St. Mary's Hospital, Satellite Emergency Center; Sun Prairie, Wisconsin
Affinity Health System; Neenah, Wisconsin
H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute; Tampa, Florida
Life Sciences
Eli Lilly and Company; Indianapolis, Indiana; Lafayette, Indiana; Greenfield, Indiana; and Research Triangle Park, North Carolina
Amgen Helix Campus; Seattle, Washington
Genentech Fill/Finish Facility; Hillsboro, Oregon
Genentech Science Process Center; South San Francisco, California
Boehringer Ingelheim; Ridgefield, Connecticut
ZymoGenetics; Seattle, Washington
Bayer Corporation; West Haven, Connecticut
US Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense; Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland
Johnson & Johnson Research Center One; Springhouse, Pennsylvania
Technology
Kettle Foods, Processing Plant; Beloit, Wisconsin
Stony Brook University Advanced Energy Research & Technology Center; Stony Brook, New York
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Physical Sciences Facility; Richland, Washington
Workplace
ACT (test) Corporate Headquarters; Iowa City, Iowa
Bayer Corporation; West Haven, Connecticut
American Family Insurance Headquarters; Madison, Wisconsin
References
External links
Official website
Noteworthy
Article, "Rethinking Project Delivery: Integrated Teams Help Manage Risk, Maximize Investments"
CoreNet “The Leader” article, "It's the Economy, Stupid (or is it about Strategy?)"
Whitepaper, "Increasing the Sustainability of Energy Research Laboratories"
Article, "Going Beyond Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED): Sustainable Laboratory Design"
Article, "Advanced Degree, Rethinking the Academic Medical Center"
Architecture firms based in Wisconsin
Companies based in Madison, Wisconsin
Design companies established in 1927
Edwin Luther Kevin Johnson (9 April 1951 – 8 March 2016) was a Bahamian sprinter. He competed in the men's 200 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1951 births
2016 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Bahamian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Bahamas
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for the Bahamas
Pan American Games competitors for the Bahamas
Place of birth missing
The Damnée River (in French: rivière Damnée) flows entirely in the municipality of Saint-Damase-de-L'Islet, in the L'Islet Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The Damnée river is a tributary of the Ouelle River which flows northeast and empties into the municipality of Rivière-Ouelle, on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The Damnée river takes its source from streams descending the eastern slope of Mont Fournier which is located in the municipality of Saint-Damase-de-L'Islet, very close to the limit of the municipality of Saint-Aubert, in the heart of Notre Dame Mountains. This spring is located at southeast of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, at east of Lac Trois Saumons, at southeast of the center of the village of Saint-Aubert and at south of the center of village of Saint-Damase-de-L'Islet.
From its source, the Damnée river flows over in a forest zone, divided into the following segments:
heading northeast through Saint-Damase-de-L'Islet, to route 204;
northeasterly, to the outlet of Lac Boucher;
to the northeast;
towards the northeast, until its confluence.
The confluence of the Damnée river is located in the municipality of Saint-Damase-de-L'Islet, at downstream of the limit of Tourville. This confluence is east of Lac Sainte-Anne (located in Tourville), at north of village of Tourville.
Toponymy
The toponym Damnée river was formalized on December 5, 1968, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Tabira may refer to:
Tabira, Nagasaki, Japan
Tabira, Pernambuco, Brazil
See also
Tavira (disambiguation)
Burton I. Edelson (July 31, 1926 – January 6, 2002) was, for 20 years, a United States Navy Officer involved in advanced research and space science, a leader in developing satellite communications at COMSAT, and a leader of NASA's Space Science and Applications during the 1980s. His publications are held in libraries worldwide.
He was a driving force in supporting the Hubble Space Telescope, the Halley's Comet Intercept, and in international technical collaboration.
Early years
Edelson was born July 31, 1926 in New York City to Samuel Edelson and Margaret Raff Edelson. He had a younger brother, Kenneth Joseph Edelson. Because of the Depression, the family moved in 1931 to East Lansing, Michigan. Samuel Edelson had bought the store out of bankruptcy from Fields, his former employer. Burton Edelson graduated in 1944 from East Lansing High School and received an appointment to the United States Naval Academy. He graduated in June 1947 as part of the USNA Class of 1948A.
Navy years
After graduation, Edelson spent four years in the Pacific Fleet. He served on destroyers and minesweepers in San Diego, Pearl Harbor, San Francisco, and Shanghai. In 1951, Edelson attended the Naval Postgraduate School first in Annapolis and then in Monterey, California. He continued his studies via the Office of Naval Research at Yale University, off and on. He received a PhD in Metallurgy in 1960. He served in Norfolk, Virginia from 1954 to 1955 and in the Cleveland, Ohio ship building yards from 1955 to 1959. After moving to Washington, D.C. in 1959, he was assigned to the White House Space Council as a Navy Liaison. In 1965, he moved to the London Office of Naval Research where his responsibilities focused on technology exchange as part of NATO. He specialized in advanced communications.
Communications satellite research and development years
Dr. Edelson retired as a Commander in 1968 and worked at Comsat from 1969 to 1982. He was hired as the Assistant Director to Bill Pritchard for Comsat Labs that were opened in 1969. In 1973, he became the director of Comsat Labs where he directed advanced research in digital communications, satellite communications, compression technologies, maritime communications, teleports.
Dr. Edelson was a cofounder in 1971 of Digital Communications Corporation (DCC) with John Puente, Andy Werth, Gene Gabbard, and four others. The eight founders each contributed $5,000. As digital communications and technology company founders, they were ahead of their time and had trouble securing financial support. Eventually, Dr. Tadahiro Sekimoto of NEC agreed to invest one million dollars in DCC. DCC later merged with Microwave Associates, becoming MA/COM MACOM Technology Solutions which was listed on the New York Stock Exchange. DCC was eventually sold and became Hughes Communications.
NASA space science and applications years
In 1982, Dr. Burton Edelson was appointed by President Reagan as Associate Administrator for Space, Science, and Applications.
At NASA, he championed international cooperation, advanced scientific research, and unmanned spaceflight.
He played a leading role in the Mars exploration missions and the Hubble Space Telescope, and was associated with other programs such as the Advanced Communications Technology Satellite (ACTS), the Cosmic Background Explorer satellite program, the Halley's Comet Intercept, as well as Mission to Planet Earth,
.
"When he came to NASA, the space science budget was at a low," said Neil Helm, deputy director of George Washington University's Institute for Applied Space Research, which Edelson founded after retiring from NASA in 1987. "But he managed to increase the budget significantly, and established a number of programs that helped reinvigorate space science at NASA."
"There had been some talk about the Hubble telescope project at NASA before he got there, but he was the one that really got it going." AT NASA, Edelson pursued the research related to the hole in the ozone layer in the 1980s which resulted in the banning of certain chemicals in aerosols.
Educational Achievements: After the Founder's conference for the International Space University held at M.I.T. in April 1987, Dr. Edelson played a critical role in getting seed grants both from NASA and the European Space Agency that allowed the formal creation of the International Space University in 1988. Since the holding of this first session of the International Space University at M.I.T. in summer of 1988, the I.S.U. has graduated many thousands of students from over 100 nations around the world in its space studies program and Masters of Space Studies degree program and created its permanent global campus in Strasbourg, France.
After retiring from NASA, Edelson directed research and development projects in satellite communications at George Washington University until his death in 2002.
Publications
Edelson wrote more than 75 scholarly articles in technical publications including articles for Science and Scientific American on the subject of advanced satellite communications. His papers are archived at Johns Hopkins Libraries.
Recognition and awards
Edelson received the following awards:
the Navy Legion of Merit in 1965
Yale's Wilbur Cross Medal in 1984
The NASA Exceptional Service Medal in 1987
The Allan D. Emil Memorial Award by the International Astronautical Federation in 1987.
The Sir Arthur Clarke Award for International Achievement from the British Interplanetary Society in 2015.
Inducted into the Space and Satellite Hall of Fame in 1997.
The Burton and Betty Edelson Scholarship was established in 2002 to support needy students in the George Washington School of Engineering and Applied Science.
The International Academy of Astronautics Engineering Science Award in 2001 .
Family and personal life
Burton Edelson was married for 49 years to Betty Good Edelson, 4/17/1931-12/31/2014, of Havre de Grace, Maryland. He had three sons: Stephen Edelson, John Edelson, and Daniel Edelson. He was a lifelong player of the clarinet and saxophone as well as tennis.Burton and Betty are buried together in Arlington National Cemetery.
Notes
References
Other sources
United States Naval Academy alumni
NASA people
1926 births
2002 deaths
Yale School of Engineering & Applied Science alumni
United States Navy officers
American science writers
Bisbal is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Bisbal, Spanish pop singer
Victor Bisbal, heavyweight boxer from Puerto Rico
Huntsville is an unincorporated community in Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana.
History
Huntsville was laid out in 1830. It was named for one of its founders, Eleazer Hunt. A post office was established at Huntsville in 1847, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1878.
Geography
Huntsville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
1830 establishments in Indiana
Shane O'Neill's Gaelic Athletic Club () is a GAA club from Camlough, County Armagh. It is part of Armagh GAA and its grounds are known as Páirc Sheáin Uí Néill.
Shane O'Neill's currently plays Gaelic football in the Armagh Intermediate Championship. In addition to its senior and reserve team, it fields youth teams at Under-6, U-8, U-10, U-12, U-14, U-16, Minor and U-21. Ladies' Gaelic football is played at senior and juvenile levels. The associated camogie club is Méabh O'Neill's. In all, the club fields 14 teams at all age levels, involving over 250 players.
History
Camloch (also spelt Camlough) was one of the earliest places in Armagh to organise a GAA club, the first having affiliated in 1888, and despite its small population, currently has three GAA clubs (the others being St Patrick's Carrickcruppen GFC and Craobh Rua Camloch hurling club).
The 1888 club, William O'Brien's GFC, named after Land League agitator and nationalist MP William O'Brien (1852–1928), was affected by the political rifts that followed the death of Parnell in 1891, and the name William O'Brien's was dropped. Shane O'Neill's, founded in 1905 and named after the 16th-century Ulster king Seán an díomais Ó Néill, is essentially a continuation of the first club.
In 1944 the formation of the Carrickcruppen club led to a number of players leaving Shane O'Neill's. This weakened the club and eventually, hit by emigration, the club was unable to sustain its activities, and disbanded in 1967.
However a group of locals decided in 1984 to relaunch the club, and the Shanes reaffiliated in 1985.
Gaelic football
Having lost the replayed 1906 Armagh Senior Football Championship final to Cross Red Hands, Shane O'Neill's won the 1907 final, defeating Bessbrook Geraldines by 2–01 to 1–03. The Shanes next appeared in an SFC final in 1910, defeating Crossmaglen by the same scoreline of 2–01 to 1–03, but lost the 1911 final to Crossmaglen.
In 1941, Shane O'Neill's won the Armagh Junior Football Championship, defeating Ballyhegan by 0–10 to 1–02. No more titles were won before the club disbanded in 1967.
After the 1985 reformation, the club's U-14 side won the All-Ireland Féile title in 1987. Many of that team had graduated to the senior team by 1994, when Shane O'Neill's won the county Junior Championship, beating Ballymacnab by 1–13 to 2–08. The club was promoted to the Intermediate championship, but had no success and returned to the Junior level in 2001. The club again won the JFC in 2009, defeating neighbouring Belleeks by 0–13 to 0–07. This took the Shanes into the Ulster Junior Club Football Championship, where they reached the semi-finals.
In 2010, the club won its first Division 3 league title, winning promotion for the first time to Division 2. The Minor team won the 2010 county championship. In 2012 the Shanes won the renamed Intermediate League (the old Division 2), so that in 2013 the club would for the first time be playing in the Senior League (former Division 1).
Notable players
Greg McCabe
Honours
Armagh Senior Football Championship (2)
1907, 1910; runners-up 1906, 1911
Armagh Junior Football Championship (3)
1941, 1994, 2009
Armagh All-County Intermediate League (1)
2012
Armagh All-County League Division 3 (1)
2010
Armagh All-County League Division 4 (2)
2004 , 2008
Armagh Minor Football Championship (1)
2010
Ladies' football
The Under-14 Girls team formed in the early 2000s won the Armagh championship in 2009. In the same year they were runners-up in the All-County League, and participated in the Kilmacud 7s and Ulster and All-Ireland Féile competitions. In 2010, the U-12 and U-14 teams won their respective county League and Championship titles, and the U-14s were runners-up in the All-Ireland Féile. The club also has U-16, U-18 and Senior Ladies teams.
Current players
Aimee Mackin
Camogie
Méabh O'Neill's Camogie Club was founded in 1919. Little is known of its early years, but from 1940 the club participated in the Newry and District Camogie League, reaching the final in 1943. In 1941 it reached the final of the Armagh Camogie Championship, and in 1943 the South Armagh divisional final. However, as on the football side, the formation of Carrickcruppen led to defections, and the disbandment of the Méabhs in 1945.
After camogie was successfully introduced to the local primary school, Méabh O'Neill's Camogie Club was revived in Camloch in 2001. The under-age teams had a number of early successes, and the Méabhs currently field teams at all age levels up to Senior.
Facilities
In the club's centenary year, 2005, a new clubhouse and pitch were opened at Páirc Sheáin Uí Néill, on the south side of the Newry Road just outside the village, with a challenge match between Armagh and Louth. The club is currently raising funds for extensions and improvements to the playing fields and clubhouse, estimated to cost £500,000.
References
External links
Shane O'Neill's GFC website
Shane O'Neill's page on Armagh GAA website
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Armagh
Gaelic football clubs in County Armagh
The Consulate-General of Norway in Houston is Norway's diplomatic mission in Houston, Texas, United States. It is located in the Neartown area.
Petroleum-related business ties form major connections between Norway and Houston. Lasse Sigurd Seim, the consul general of Norway to Houston, described the estimated 5,000–6,000 Norwegians in the Houston area around 2008 as the largest concentration of Norwegians outside of Scandinavia. About 100 Norwegian companies had business operations in Houston during that year. In 2007 Houston had $1.5 billion United States dollars in trade with Norway.
History
The consulate first opened in 1977. For a 27-year period, the consulate leased space in the Riviana Building in the American General Center, at 2777 Allen Parkway, in Neartown Houston. Before it moved to its current location, the consulate was located in Suite 1185 in the Riviana Building. Around 2008 the Norwegian consulate announced that it was expanding consular services to a new building.
By 2008 the Norwegian government introduced plans to establish an "incubator" for Norwegian businesses in the Houston area, with the consulate and the Innovation Norway group organizing the incubator facility. The government planned to move the consulate offices into the facility along with small and medium-sized businesses. In 2010, the consulate relocated to the "Norway House," a building in Neartown that also houses Innovation Norway, INTSOK, the Norwegian American Chamber of Commerce (NACC), and several small offices reserved for small and medium-sized Norwegian companies that hope to establish business in Greater Houston. On November 16, 2010 the official opening was held. Trond Giske, the Norwegian Minister of Trade and Industry, attended the opening. The U.S. Green Building Council gave Norway House Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) gold certification. Within the United States, Norway House is the first consulate facility and the second diplomatic facility to receive that certification.
Service area
U.S. states within its jurisdiction include Texas, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, and Oklahoma. The consulate also covers the U.S. insular areas of Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.
It previously served Haiti and Jamaica; consular services for Jamaica and Haiti are now done at the Norwegian embassy in Havana, Cuba.
See also
Diplomatic missions of Norway
Embassy of Norway in Washington, D.C.
Norway–United States relations
References
External links
Consulate-General of Norway in Houston
Houston
Norway
1977 establishments in Texas
1977 establishments in Norway
Norway–United States relations
Felipe Alves França da Silva (born 14 May 1987) is a Brazilian breaststroke swimmer, who competed for his country in three Olympic Games.
He started swimming at Esporte Clube União Suzano when he was just three years old. At age 13, he became the champion in Brazilian Juniors Category II. After training at the Gustavo Borges academy in Curitiba, França moved to the state capital, São Paulo, and joined Esporte Clube Pinheiros.
International career
2008
In April 2008, França competed in the 2008 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m), in the city of Manchester, placing 6th in the 4×100-metre medley, 12th in the 100-metre breaststroke, and 13th in the 50-metre breaststroke.
A month later, in May 2008, Felipe França captured the second Brazilian spot for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 100-metre breaststroke, recording a time of 1:01.17 at the Brazilian Olympic trials. However, at the 2008 Olympics, he failed to move on from the early heats in his individual event. In the end, França finished 22nd in the 100-metre breaststroke and, along with his teammates, placed 14th in the 4×100-metre medley relay.
2009
At the 2009 Brazilian Championships (Maria Lenk Trophy), França became the first swimmer to record a time under 27 seconds in the long-course 50-metre breaststroke, winning the event with the World Record time of 26.89 seconds.
At the 2009 Summer Universiade in Belgrade, Serbia, França won the silver medal in the 50-metre breaststroke.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, França again won the silver medal, recording a mark of 26.76 seconds, which became the new Americas record. The gold went to South African Cameron van der Burgh, who became the new world record holder with a time of 26.67 seconds.
2010
At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, California, França won gold in the 50-metre breaststroke.
In December, at the 2010 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Dubai, he again won gold in the 50-metre breaststroke, beating the world record holder Cameron van der Burgh with a time of 25.95 seconds, setting a new championship record. He also captured the bronze in the 100-metre breaststroke with a time of 57.39 seconds. Together with César Cielo, Guilherme Guido and Kaio Almeida, França set a new South American record in the 4×100-metre medley with a combined time of 3:23.12, which was also good enough for the bronze medal.
2011
In July 2011, during the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, França won the gold medal in the 50-metre breaststroke, again beating the world record holder, Cameron van der Burgh, with a time of 27.01 seconds.
At the 2011 Pan American Games, he won gold in the 100-metre breaststroke and in the 4×100-metre medley
2012
In April 2012, participating in the Maria Lenk Trophy in Rio de Janeiro, França recorded a time of 59.63 in the early heats. This assured him of a place on the Brazilian team at the London 2012 Olympics. In the 50-metre breaststroke, he recorded the fastest time in the world in 2012, with a 26.87 seconds showing, just a tenth of a second off his career best.
The Brazilian team had high hopes for França to medal in the 100-metre breaststroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but he was unable to get his time under the 1 minute mark and ultimately finished in 12th place. His rival, Cameron Van der Burgh, won the Olympic gold and broke the world record in the 100-metre breaststroke. França also participated in the 4×100-metre medley, finishing in 15th place.
2014
At the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia, he won a silver medal in the 100-metre breaststroke. He also finished 4th in the 4x100-metre medley relay, along with Guilherme Guido, Thiago Pereira and Marcelo Chierighini, and obtained a 13th place in the 200-metre breaststroke heats, didn't swim the B final.
On September 4, 2014, participating in the José Finkel Trophy (short course competition) in Guaratinguetá, he broke the Americas record in the 100-metre breaststroke with a time of 56.25.
At the 2014 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Doha, Qatar, França won five gold medals, into the best Brazilian participation of all time, where the country won the competition for the first time. At 4 December, in the Men's 4 × 50 metre medley relay, formed by França, César Cielo, Nicholas Santos and Guilherme Guido, considered the "Dream Team" by Cielo (formed only by medalists or world champions in their respective individual events), Brazil won the gold shattering the world record with a time of 1:30.51. At the same day, he also won the gold medal in the Men's 100 metre breaststroke, with a time of 56.29, Championship record; and in the 4 × 50 metre mixed medley relay, along with Nicholas Santos, Etiene Medeiros and Larissa Oliveira, breaking the South American record with a time of 1:37.26, only 0.09 seconds from beating USA's world record (1:37.17). At 7 December, França won more two gold medals: in the Men's 50 metre breaststroke, with a time of 25.63 (Americas and Championship record), and in the Men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay, with a time of 3:21.14, South American record. The 5 gold medals made França the largest single winner of the World Championship in Doha.
2015
At the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, França won the gold medal in the 4×100-metre medley relay, where he broke the Pan American Games record with a time of 3:32.68, along with Marcelo Chierighini, Guilherme Guido and Arthur Mendes. Before, he had already won a gold medal in the 100-metre breaststroke, where he broke the Pan American Games record with a time of 59.21.
At the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, França qualified with a time of 59.56 in the Men's 100 metre breaststroke heats. In the semifinal, França excessively forced the race and ended up losing speed, making a worse time (59.89) and finished only in 11th place. In the Men's 50 metre breaststroke, he qualified for the final in 4th position with a time of 26.87, his best time since 2012. In the final, curiously he finished in 4th place, repeating the semifinal time. He also finished 38th in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke
2016
At the 2016 Summer Olympics, he broke the South American record at Men's 100 metre breaststroke heats, with a time of 59.01. He went to the final, finishing 7th place. He also participated in the Brazilian 4 × 100 metre medley relay heats.
At the 2016 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, he went to the Men's 100 metre breaststroke final, finishing 4th, and to the Men's 50 metre breaststroke final, finishing 5th. He also finished 18th in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke.
Records
França is the current holder of the following records:
Felipe França Silva is also a former holder of the following records:
References
1987 births
Living people
People from Suzano
Brazilian male breaststroke swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Brazil
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2011 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from São Paulo (state)
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
Swimmers at the 2015 Pan American Games
World record setters in swimming
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Universiade medalists in swimming
South American Games gold medalists for Brazil
South American Games silver medalists for Brazil
South American Games bronze medalists for Brazil
South American Games medalists in swimming
Competitors at the 2006 South American Games
Competitors at the 2010 South American Games
Universiade silver medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Melanie Jane Bartley, FBA, is a medical sociologist and retired academic. She was Professor of Medical Sociology at University College London from 2001 to 2012.
Career and research
Bartley completed her undergraduate studies in sociology and philosophy at the University of Reading. After several years of research, she completed a master of science degree in medical sociology at Bedford College, London, and worked outside of academia for a number of years, including time as a research assistant at the British Regional Heart Study. She then completed a doctorate at the University of Edinburgh under the supervision of Adrian Sinfield; her PhD was awarded in 1988 for her thesis "Unemployment and health 1975–1987: a case study in the relationship between research and policy debate". She eventually took up a position at University College London in 1996; she was appointed to a personal chair in medical sociology in 2001; she retired in 2012 but remains at UCL as an emeritus professor as of 2018.
According to her British Academy profile, Bartley specialises in "unemployment, social inequality, gender and other social determinants of health over the life course". In a book review for the International Journal of Epidemiology, Mary Shaw described Bartley as one of the "key researchers, who is an intellectual force, in the field of health inequalities ... [she] has played a distinguished role in this field for a number of years".
Awards and honours
In 2015, Bartley was elected a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA), the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences.
Selected publications
Authorities and Partisans: The Debate on Unemployment and Health (Edinburgh University Press, 1992).
Health Inequality: An Introduction to Concepts, Theories and Methods (Polity Press, 2003).
Work, Non-Work, Job Satisfaction and Psychological Health: Evidence Review (Health Development Agency, 2005).
References
Medical sociologists
Academics of University College London
Fellows of the British Academy
Living people
British sociologists
British women sociologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a Japanese football player.
Club career statistics
Updated to 8 March 2018.
References
External links
Profile at YSCC
1990 births
Living people
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Japan Football League players
Kashiwa Reysol players
Fagiano Okayama players
FC Gifu players
YSCC Yokohama players
ReinMeer Aomori players
Association football midfielders
Romain Febvre (born 31 December 1991) is a French professional motocross racer. He has competed in the FIM Motocross World Championships since 2011. Febvre is notable for winning the 2015 FIM Motocross World Championship in the MXGP class for motorcycles displacing 450cc.
Motocross career
Born in Epinal, France, Febvre competed in motocross and supermoto as a youth, winning the 2007 French 125cc Supermoto national championship. In 2011, he won the 2011 European Motocross Championship. He then progressed to the MX2 class of the world championship with his best result being a third-place finish in the 2014 MX2 championship while riding for the Wilvo Nestaan Husqvarna Factory Racing team.
Febvre was then contracted to ride in the premier MXGP class for the Yamaha factory racing team run by 1984 world champion Michele Rinaldi. He went on to clinch the 2015 FIM Motocross World Championship title with thirteen moto wins.
Febvre was also a member of the French team that scored three consecutive victories at the Motocross des Nations event in 2015, 2016 and 2017.
Febvre left Yamaha at the end of 2019 and signed on with Kawasaki, whom he continues to race for to this day.
References
Living people
1991 births
Sportspeople from Épinal
French motocross riders
The Zimbabwe Olympic Committee (IOC code: ZIM) is the National Olympic Committee representing Zimbabwe. It was created in 1934 and recognised by the IOC in 1980.
Zimbabwe made its debut at the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Soviet Union. Previously, it competed as Rhodesia and was banned for a short period in the 1970s. After the country gained its independence, it reformed its Olympic committee.
Presidents of Committee
present – Mr Admire Masenda
See also
Zimbabwe at the Olympics
References
External links
Official website
Zimbabwe
Sports governing bodies in Zimbabwe
1934 establishments in Southern Rhodesia
Sports organizations established in 1934
is a railway station in the city of Murakami, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Iwafunemachi Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 55.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Iwafunemachi Station opened on 1 November 1914. A new station building was completed in 1980. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Surrounding area
former Kamihayashi village hall
Kamihayashi post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Murakami, Niigata
Mount Kammuri () is a mountain high standing south-southeast of Mount Chōtō in the central part of the Langhovde Hills, on the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE), 1957–62. The name Kammuri-yama (Kanmuri Yama), meaning "crown mountain," was given by JARE Headquarters in 1973.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
The 52nd Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1978 Nova Scotia general election, the 51st overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 52nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1981 Nova Scotia general election, the 52nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 53rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 30th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Rainbow Street Public School is a comprehensive public school located in Randwick, New South Wales, Australia operated by the New South Wales Department of Education and Training.
The school has 419 students and 34 staff, and is in close proximity to the University of NSW, Prince of Wales Hospital and the Randwick Army Barracks. The school has a close liaison with Randwick Boys and Girls High Schools, as well as Rainbow Street Childcare Centre.
Award-winning actor Russell Crowe attended the school.
In 2011, the principal was forced to resign after parents moved a motion of "no-confidence" in her, something criticised as potentially creating a "precedent" by unions.
In 2014, the state government announced plans to expand the school.
References
1924 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1924
Randwick, New South Wales
Public primary schools in Sydney
Charlotte Kerr (29 May 1927 – 28 December 2011) was a German director, film producer, actress, writer and journalist.
She first performed on stage in Fritz Kortner's version of Schiller's Don Carlos in 1951. She became well known for her television role as commander of the spaceship Hydra in the Raumpatrouille series and for her appearances in the films of , including Fleisch (1979).
In 1971, she was a member of the jury at the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
In 1983, during the filming of a film about the Greek minister Melina Mercouri, Kerr met the Swiss poet Friedrich Dürrenmatt. They became close after discussing his latest play Achterloo and were married in 1984. The two collaborated on the film Portrait eines Planeten and the play Rollenspiele. Dürrenmatt died in 1990. Her autobiography, , discussed her life with the writer. In 2000, her Centre Dürrenmatt was opened in Neuchâtel.
She took legal action against the writer Hugo Loetscher for an alleged affront of her dignity and personal rights in his book about Dürrenmatt's death and funeral, which was released 13 years after Dürrenmatt's death and published by Lesen statt Klettern.
She died on 28 December 2011 in a hospital in Bern.
Filmography
Carnival in White (1952) - Peggy Swenson
Dein Mund verspricht mir Liebe (1954)
Heldinnen (1960, screenplay)
The Miracle of Father Malachia (1961) - Dr. Renate Kellinghus
Raumpatrouille (1966, TV series) - General Lydia van Dyke
Heißer Sand auf Sylt (1968) - Frau Bergmann
Peter und Sabine (1968) - Frauenärztin
Mattanza - Ein Liebestraum (1969) - Geraldine
Deine Zärtlichkeiten (1969) - Mutter
Alexander Zwo (1972–1973, TV miniseries) - Maud
Temptation in the Summer Wind (1972)
Only the Wind Knows the Answer (1974) - Hilde Hellmann
Abelard (1977) - Prosecutor
(1978, TV film) - Anna Ferroli
Fleisch (1979, TV film) - Dr. Jackson
Swann in Love (1984) - Sous-maitresse
Raumpatrouille Orion – Rücksturz ins Kino (2003) - General Lydia van Dyke (archive footage)
References
External links
German documentary film directors
German women film directors
German film actresses
German television actresses
German stage actresses
German theatre directors
1927 births
2011 deaths
Film people from Frankfurt
Journalists from Frankfurt
German autobiographers
20th-century German actresses
21st-century German actresses
Friedrich Dürrenmatt
Women autobiographers
Ellen Cawker is a former South African international lawn bowler and national team manager.
Bowls career
Cawker was born in 1946 in Perth, Scotland but emigrated to Rhodesia in 1956.
In 1999 she won the fours gold medal at the Atlantic Bowls Championships with Trish Steyn, Hester Bekker and Lorna Trigwell.
Three years later in 2002, she won the silver medal in the women's pairs with Jill Hackland at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
She retired from international competition after the Commonwealth Games and then served as South Africa team manager until 2007 but still plays for the Margate Bowls Club.
She won the 2010 fours at the National Championships bowling for the Margate Bowls Club.
References
Living people
1946 births
South African female bowls players
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for South Africa
Lafayette High School (LHS) is a public four-year public high school located at 3000 W Congress Street in Lafayette, Louisiana, United States.
Notable alumni
Leigh Hennessy, world champion gymnast and movie stunt performer
Paul Bako, MLB player for the Cincinnati Reds and Chicago Cubs
Trev Faulk, former NFL player for the St. Louis Rams
Ross Brupbacher, former NFL player for the Chicago Bears
Armand Duplantis, high school and world record holder in the pole vault
David Benoit, former NBA player for the Utah Jazz, the New Jersey Nets and the Orlando Magic
Lance Cormier, former MLB player (Arizona Diamondbacks, Atlanta Braves, Baltimore Orioles, Tampa Bay Rays, Los Angeles Dodgers)
Jerry Fontenot, former NFL player for the Chicago Bears, New Orleans Saints and Cincinnati Bengals
Cedric Figaro, former NFL player for the San Diego Chargers, Indianapolis Colts, Cleveland Browns, St. Louis Rams
References
External links
Official school web site
Lafayette Schools of Choice
Gifted Schools
Schools in Lafayette, Louisiana
Swan Court Shopping Arcade or Swan Courtyard is an open-air shopping centre in the town of Clitheroe in Lancashire, England.
Swan & Royal Inn
The Swan & Royal is an ancient coaching inn. The Swan Courtyard used to be the stables for the Swan & Royal.
External links
Ribble Valley Borough Council planning forms
Tearooms in the Ribble Valley
Candycopia Website
Clitheroe
Shopping centres in Lancashire
Buildings and structures in Ribble Valley
R. Shezbi (or R. Shezbi; Hebrew: רב שיזבי) was a Babylonian rabbi, of the fourth generation of amoraim.
Biography
It is told that Rav Chisda was accustomed to passing the house of Rav Shizbi's father (according to another version: his father-in-law), and seeing the observance of Shabbat candles, he stated: "a great men will issue hence" (since it is stated that "He who habitually practises [the lighting of] the lamp will possess scholarly sons"), and indeed he had Rav Shizbi. Indeed, Rava would eventually describe Shizbi as being a "great man".
Later Shizbi became a pupil of Rav Chisda, but also debated Halakha before Rabbah.
Aaron Hyman suggests he moved to the Land of Israel for a short period of time, where he studied Torah under Yochanan bar Nafcha.
One should distinguish between this Rav Shizbi, and Rav Shizbi II, who was a pupil of Rava.
References
Talmud rabbis of Babylonia
Shadia Alem or Shādiyah 'Ālim or in Arabic: شادية عالم (born in Mecca) is a Saudi Arabian visual artist.
Early life
Alem was born in Makkah. Her childhood was spent in Taif, where she reportedly painted on doors from a young age. Her father was a calligrapher and her mother embroidered.
Education
Alem graduated with a BA in Art and English Literature from King Abdulaziz University.
Career
Since 1985 Alem's work has been exhibited nationally in Saudi Arabia and internationally. Some works are a commentary of the lives of women in Saudi Arabia, using form to demonstrate the anxiety that women may live under.
Alem's work, Youm al-Suq, was selected by British Airways to appear on the livery of its aircraft in 1998. Her 2007 retrospective exhibition at Albareh Gallery demonstrated the development of her work from portraiture, to landscape, to photography. She has also exhibited at the Kunstmuseum in Bonn, at Amum in Tennessee, in Istanbul as part of its 2010 Capital of Culture programme, and at the 6th Berlin Biennale.
Venice Biennale
In 2011, Saudi Arabia entered the Venice Biennale for the first time with Alem as the country's representative. Her work, entitled The Black Arch, which draws on folklore, Islam and medieval travel narratives. The work was made of up of a dark cube suspended on its point over a sea of iridescent spheres. Visitors were encouraged to move around the work and the sphere represented travellers of all kinds. It covered an area of 350 square metres; its scale as an installation has been interpreted as a challenge to spatial order. The colour black was also key to the installation: as the colour of Ka'aba cloth, the colour of the silhouettes of veiled women and of the black stone.
In the same year, Alem was one of the artists chosen to feature in the British Museum's exhibition Hajj. However, 2011 was not just a year of achievement - it is also the year their mother died, 15 years worth of work was lost in a flood in Jeddah and computer failure lost five further projects.
She lives and works between Paris and Jeddah.
Women and art in Saudi Arabia
In 2011, Shadia Alem and her sister, writer, were featured in Vogue Italia, discussing their work and the role of women in Saudi Arabia. While Alem tackles gender issues through her work, her sister sees her writing as genderless. In Alem's work Negative No More, the pre-and-misconceptions of Saudi women are commented on. This installation consisted of 5000 photographic negatives, none of which feature women, to draw attention to the fact that women have been absent from Saudi Arabian political history.
References
20th-century Saudi Arabian women
21st-century Saudi Arabian women
1960 births
King Abdulaziz University alumni
Living people
Saudi Arabian women artists
Miroslava Najdanovski (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослава Најдановски, born 10 January 1988 in Zrenjanin, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a 3-time Serbian Olympic swimmer.
Najdanovski represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics. At only 16 years of age, she was the youngest member of the Serbo-Montenegrin delegation and also one of the youngest athletes to compete at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. She participated in one event, the Women's 50 metre freestyle, in which she took 43rd place overall among 75 competitors with a time of 27.18.
She represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Najdanovski qualified at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, Australia. She took 36th place in the Women's 100 m freestyle with a time of 57.11. Later the same year, she competed at a national cup in Belgrade and qualified for the Women's 50 m freestyle as well, thanks to a time of 26.03. She therefore competed in both events.
She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing with a time of 26.46 seconds, achieving 42nd place in the heats.
See also
List of swimmers
List of Serbian records in swimming
References
Profile at Olympic Committee of Serbia
External links
1988 births
Living people
Serbian female swimmers
Serbian female freestyle swimmers
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Zrenjanin
Olympic swimmers of Serbia and Montenegro
Olympic swimmers of Serbia
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Serbia
Swimmers at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
Universiade medalists in swimming
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Universiade bronze medalists for Serbia
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
Aleksei Nikolayevich Triputen (; born 6 July 1982) is a Russian retired professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Premier League in 2001 for FC Torpedo-ZIL Moscow.
After retirement, he works as a radio commentator.
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up: 2002.
Russian Cup winner: 2002.
References
1982 births
People from Odintsovsky District
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Sokol Saratov players
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Short Trips: How The Doctor Changed My Life is a Big Finish original anthology edited by Simon Guerrier and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. The theme of the collection is how the Doctor affects those he meets.
Stories
Notes
How The Doctor Changed My Life was the result of a competition run by Big Finish Productions to find new writers. The winner of the competition was published in Short Trips: Defining Patterns but it was felt that the standard of entries was so high that a separate anthology could be released - with every story being written by a previously unpublished writer.
The editor, Simon Guerrier, revealed on his blog that the first paragraph of each story would be posted on the Big Finish Productions Facebook group.
External links
Big Finish Productions - Short Trips: How The Doctor Changed My Life
A Podcast of Impossible Things - Big Finish Special: How the Doctor Changed My Life
References
2008 fiction books
Big Finish Short Trips
French woman may refer to:
Women in France
The French Woman, a 1977 French film
A French Woman, a 1995 French film
See also
French Women (film), a 2014 French film
Mladen Tepavčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Младен Тепавчевић; born October 26, 1976 in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia) is an Olympic swimmer from Serbia. He swam for Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Olympics. He also qualified to represent Serbia at the 2008 Olympics, however, he did not swim.
Tepavčević holds the Serbian record in all men's breaststroke events (50-m 0:28.10; 100-m 1:02.60 and 200-m 2:22.54). He has competed for Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece in the 100 m breaststroke, where he registered a time of 1:03.52, enough for an overall 29th position out of 60 swimmers.
He qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics with the 1:02.80 he swam for 33rd at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in the 100 m breaststroke.
He also swam at the 2003 and 2005 World Championships.
See also
List of Serbian records in swimming
References
1976 births
Living people
Serbian male swimmers
Male breaststroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Serbia and Montenegro
The following are the events in professional sumo during 2002.
Tournaments
Hatsu basho, Ryogoku Kokugikan, Tokyo, 13 January – 27 January
Haru basho, Osaka Prefectural Gymnasium, Osaka, 10 March – 24 March
Natsu basho, Ryogoku Kokugikan, Tokyo, 12 May – 26 May
Nagoya basho, Aichi Prefectural Gymnasium, Nagoya, 7 July – 21 July
Aki basho, Ryogoku Kokugikan, Tokyo, 8 September – 22 September
Kyushu basho, Fukuoka International Centre, Kyushu, 10 November – 24 November
News
January
13–27: At the Hatsu basho in Tokyo, ozeki Tochiazuma wins his first top makuuchi division championship in his debut tournament at the rank, exactly 30 years after his father won his only championship. He is the first ozeki to win the yusho in his debut since Kiyokuni in 1969, and is the first wrestler since Haguroyama to win a championship in all six professional sumo divisions. He defeats fellow ozeki Chiyotaikai in a playoff after both men finish on 13–2. Yokozuna Takanohana is missing for the fourth straight basho, and Musashimaru pulls out early through injury. Special prizes are awarded to Kotomitsuki and Tokitsuumi for Technique, and to Buyuzan for Fighting Spirit. The juryo division championship is won by Takamisakari after a playoff with Shimotori. As a result, Takamisakari returns to the top division for the first time since being injured in the September 2000 tournament. The makushita championship goes to South Korea's Kasugao. Former maegashira Asanosho retires after falling into the fourth sandanme division.
February
1: Former Yokozuna Kitanoumi takes over as chairman of the Japan Sumo Association from Tokitsukaze Oyakata (the former ozeki Yutakayama), who will be reaching the mandatory retirement age of 65 in August.
5: Takasago Oyakata, the former komusubi Fujinishiki, and Wakamatsu Oyakata, the former ozeki Asashio, swap toshiyori names. Due to Fujinishiki's poor health, the Takasago stable is absorbed into Wakamatsu stable with Asashio continuing as the head.
March
10–24: Musashimaru comes back to win his tenth championship with a 13–2 score. Runner-up is ozeki Kaio. Sekiwake Asashoryu scores 11–4 and wins the Outstanding Performance Award. Takanowaka also finishes on 11–4 and is awarded the Fighting Spirit prize. Aminishiki receives the Technique prize. Tochiazuma wins ten bouts while Chiyotaikai records a make-koshi 7–8. Former maegashira Kotoryu and Gojoro win the juryo and makushita division championships. Another former maegashira, Daishi, announces his retirement.
May
12–26: Musashimaru wins his second tournament in a row, and 11th overall, again scoring 13–2. Kaio, Chiyotaikai and Asashoryu all finish as runners-up on 11–4. Asashoryu receives the Fighting Spirit prize, as does Hokutoriki, who also wins eleven in his debut top division tournament. Kyokushuzan wins his second Technique Award, five years after his first. Takanohana is absent for the sixth straight tournament. The juryo championship goes to Iwakiyama, and the makushita yusho to Toyozakura, who returns to the sekitori ranks for the first time in over a year. Joining him is Kasugao, who becomes the first sekitori to officially represent South Korea.
June
1: Arashio Oyakata, the former komusubi Oyutaka, branches out from Tokitsukaze stable and opens his own Arashio stable.
July
7–21: Takanohana, who had been expected to make his long-awaited comeback from knee surgery in this tournament, pulls out yet again. The Sumo Association respond by saying if he does not compete in September, he will be obliged to retire. Musashimaru and Chiyotaikai are the only men ranked above sekiwake who make it through the whole 15 days—Kaio pulls out on Day 3, Tochiazuma on Day 4 and Musoyama is missing altogether. Chiyotaikai takes advantage to win his second championship with a 14–1 record. It is his first yusho since the January 1999 triumph that saw him promoted to ozeki. Musashimaru finishes with a below par 10–5 score. Asashoryu is runner-up with a fine 12–3 record and is promoted to ozeki after the tournament. He also shares the Outstanding Performance Award along with Tosanoumi. Takamisakari wins the Technique Prize and Shimotori gets the Fighting Spirit Award. Ushiomaru wins the juryo yusho while the makushita title goes to former maegashira Kinkaiyama.
August
18: Tokitsukaze Oyakata turns 65 and retires. He passes on control of the Tokitsukaze stable to former komusubi Futatsuryu.
September
8–22: After an unprecedented seven tournaments in a row out injured, Takanohana returns to the dohyo. Understandably rusty, he is defeated twice inside the first five days by Kyokutenho and Kotoryu but then wins nine in a row, including a memorable victory over new ozeki Asashoryu by a powerful uwatenage outer-arm throw. He and Musashimaru both enter the final day level on 12–2. Musashimaru wins the yusho decider to claim his 12th (and final) championship. Kaio and Kotomitsuki are also runner-up on 12–3, while Asashoryu and Chiyotaikai finish on 10–5. Musoyama returns to eke out an 8–7 record, but Tochiazuma misses the tournament and will be in danger of demotion in November. Only one special prize is given out, to Kotomitsuki for Fighting Spirit. In the juryo division, two veteran former sekiwake announce their retirements: Terao, whose 1795 career matches are the second highest in history, and Takatoriki, who did not miss a single bout in his career. Former maegashira Minatofuji also retires. The juryo championship goes to Tamarikido.
November
10–24: At the Kyushu tournament, Musashimaru withdraws on the fifth day after injuring his wrist. Kaio and Chiyotaikai also withdraw early, while Takanohana is missing from the start after a recurrence of his knee problem. In their absence, Asashoryu takes his first championship with a 14–1 record. In the juryo division, Kasugao wins the yusho, making it the first time in history that championships in the top two divisions have both been won by foreigners in the same tournament. Komusubi Takanowaka finishes as runner-up to Asashoryu on 11–4. Tochiazuma keeps his rank with an 8–7 record. Three wrestlers share the Fighting Spirit Prize: Takanowaka, former ozeki Takanonami, and Iwakiyama.
December
1: Former sekiwake Mitoizumi leaves Takasago stable to open his own Nishikido stable. As Takasago stable now uses Wakamatsu stable's facilities, he uses the old Takasago premises.
10: Following the success of the 2002 World Cup which was jointly held by Japan and South Korea, The Sumo Association announces plans to hold an exhibition tournament there next year, which will be the first trip to Asia since a tour of China in 1973. Korean Kasugaō is currently in the jūryō division.
24: Kabutoyama stable, which opened in 1989, shuts down. Its head coach, former maegashira Daiyu, moves to Minato stable.
Deaths
Former sekiwake Kitanonada (also former Takekuma Oyakata), aged 78.
See also
Glossary of sumo terms
List of past sumo wrestlers
List of years in sumo
List of yokozuna
References
Sumo by year
Sumo
Hasan Vanlıoğlu (born 25 August 1988) is a Turkish judoka.
He is the silver medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Slam Antalya in the -73 kg category.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Turkish male judoka
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
European Games competitors for Turkey
Judoka at the 2015 European Games
The Sierra Madre de Chiapas moist forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion in southern Mexico and southern Guatemala, extending into the northwestern corner of El Salvador.
Geography
The moist forests ecoregion lies on the southern slope of the Sierra Madre de Chiapas, between the Central American pine–oak forests which cover the mountains' higher elevations to the north, and the Central American dry forests in the Pacific coastal lowlands to the south.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is tropical and humid. The mountains intercept prevailing winds from the Pacific, creating clouds, fog, and orographic precipitation. The forests have a cooler and wetter climate than the adjacent lowlands. Average annual temperatures decrease with elevation.
Flora
The main plant communities are montane tropical broadleaf evergreen forest. The forests are of two types, lower montane rain forests and montane rain forests.
Lower montane rain forest is found in a narrow band along the southern slope of the Sierra. In mature forests, trees form a closed canopy 25 to 45 meters high. Typical canopy trees include Alseis yucatanensis, Aspidosperma megalocarpon, Brosimum alicastrum, Calophyllum brasiliense, Dialium guianense, Erblichia odorata, Ficus spp., Guatteria anomala, Licania platypus, Magnolia mexicana, Manilkara zapota, Ocotea rubriflora, Ocotea sinuata, Pleradenophora tuerckheimiana, Poulsenia armata, Protium copal, Quercus oleoides, Quercus skinneri, Swietenia macrophylla, Terminalia amazonia, Trichospermum mexicanum, Ulmus mexicana, Vatairea lundellii, and Vochysia guatemalensis.
The lower montane rain forest has an understory of low trees 10 to 20 meters high. Typical understory tree species include Alchornea latifolia, Alibertia edulis, Blepharidium guatemalense, Bursera simaruba, Casearia laetioides, Cassia grandis, Chrysophyllum mexicanum, Cleidion castaneifolium, Cojoba arborea, Cymbopetalum penduliflorum, Dracaena ghiesbreghtii, Faramea occidentalis, Forchhammeria trifoliata, Guarea glabra subsp. excelsa, Hasseltiopsis dioica, Hirtella racemosa, Lacistema aggregatum, Licaria peckii, Orthion subsessile, Ouratea lucens, Palicourea tomentosa, Piper spp., Pseudolmedia spuria, Quararibea funebris, Crossopetalum parviflorum, Rinorea guatemalensis, Sideroxylon persimile, Simira salvadorensis, Sloanea terniflora, Tabernaemontana donnell-smithii, Trichospermum lessertianum, Trophis racemosa, and Wimmeria bartlettii.
Lianas and epiphytes are abundant, and are found in all the forest layers. The forest floor is dense with low-branched shrubs, spinescent palms, cycads, and lianas.
Montane rain forest is generally found on steep slopes between 900 and 2200 meters elevation. The forest canopy is 25 to 35 meters high, and more open and irregular than that of the lower montane forest. Typical canopy trees include Alfaroa mexicana, Aphananthe monoica, Ardisia verapazensis subsp. verapazensis, Ardisia venosa, Brunellia mexicana, Calatola laevigata, Hedyosmum mexicanum, Hyperbaena mexicana, Lunania mexicana, Matudaea trinervia, Meliosma matudae, Mosquitoxylum jamaicense, Nectandra villosa, Oecopetalum mexicanum, Oreopanax sanderianus, Oreopanax xalapensis, Quercus oocarpa, Quercus peduncularis, Platanus lindeniana, Trichilia erythrocarpa, and Turpinia occidentalis. There is typically an understory layer of trees and shrubs 5 to 15 meters in height. Understory trees and shrubs include Acalypha skutchii, Billia hippocastanum, Centropogon cordifolius, Cephaelis elata, Chamaedorea pinnatifrons, Eugenia ravenii, Hampea longipes, Miconia lauriformis, Mollinedia guatemalensis, Oreopanax liebmanii, Palicourea axillaris, Palicourea elata, Parathesis microcalyx, Psychotria spp, Siparuna thecaphora, Trophis mexicana, and Urera caracasana.
Epiphytes are abundant throughout the montane rain forests, and include mosses, ferns, orchids, bromeliads, and aroids. The forest floor is covered with herbaceous plants.
Fauna
The ecoregion has over 300 species of birds, most notably the resplendent quetzal, horned guan, and the azure-rumped tanager. It is a center of endemism for salamanders and butterflies.
Human impacts
Much of the ecoregion's forest has been cleared for agriculture and grazing. The lower montane forests have mostly been cleared for coffee plantations. Much of the remaining forest area is fragmented or degraded, and what remains are often on steep or inacessible slopes. The ecoregion has a road density of 645 meters per square kilometers, the highest of Central America's ecoregions.
Protected areas
16.55% of the ecoregion is in protected areas. In 2000 7% of the ecoregion's area was protected. Protected areas in Chiapas include the La Sepultura and El Triunfo biosphere reserves, and the Zona de Protección Forestal en los terrenos que se encuentran en los municipios de La Concordia, Angel Albino Corzo, Villa Flores y Jiquipilas Natural Resources Protection Area. Both the Mexican and Guatemalan sides of Volcán Tacaná are protected. Other protected areas in Guatemala include Volcán Moyuta and Volcán Tecuamburro.
See also
List of ecoregions in El Salvador
List of ecoregions in Guatemala
List of ecoregions in Mexico
External links
References
Ecoregions of Mexico
Ecoregions of Guatemala
Montane forests
Natural history of Chiapas
Neotropical tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Cloud forests of Mexico
Hurricane Roslyn was the strongest hurricane in the 1986 Pacific hurricane season. The 17th and final named storm of the season, Roslyn developed on October 15 to the south of Mexico. Its movement was initially guided by a ridge to its north, and it became a tropical storm on October 16 and a hurricane a day later. The hurricane reached peak winds of on October 19 before weakening and turning to the northeast. Roslyn ultimately moved ashore near Mazatlán, Sinaloa as a minimal hurricane, where it caused minimal damage due to the light population affected. It rapidly dissipated, although the remnants brought precipitation to Texas and other portions of the central and southern United States. There were no fatalities, and reported damage was minor.
Meteorological history
The final named storm of the season originated from a tropical disturbance that crossed Nicaragua into the eastern Pacific Ocean. With warm waters and increasing cyclonic organization, it developed into Tropical Depression Twenty-Four on October 15 offshore Guatemala. The system moved quickly west-northwestward under the influence of a ridge over Mexico. Quickly intensifying, the depression attained tropical storm status early on October 16; it was given the name Roslyn by the Eastern Pacific Hurricane Center. An eye became visible on satellite imagery, and by October 17 the storm reached hurricane status, while located about south of Acapulco, Guerrero.
As water temperatures remained very warm along its path, the hurricane was able to intensify quickly. Roslyn reached peak winds of 145 mph (230 km/h) 48 hours after attaining hurricane status, while located about southwest of Manzanillo, Colima; that made it the strongest hurricane of the season. Roslyn maintained peak intensity for about 18 hours, during which it turned more to the northwest in response to a powerful advancing cold front. On October 20, the hurricane curved northeastward as steady weakening ensued. After bypassing southeast of the Baja California Peninsula, Hurricane Roslyn moved ashore on October 22 at Mazatlán, Sinaloa with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). The low-level center rapidly dissipated, although the upper-level circulation continued northeastward along the advancing cold front. A frontal low developed in the western Gulf of Mexico, which moved over southeastern Texas and later through the Mississippi Valley. The original upper-level circulation maintained its northeast movement, bringing rainfall to the southeastern United States.
Preparations and impact
Prior to the hurricane's landfall in Mexico, officials in Mazatlán executed the evacuation of over 2,000 people in vulnerable coastal areas; such preparations prevented any deaths or injuries. Additionally, the owners of fishing vessels were advised to secure their properties by moving them to a safer area. As a result, only one yacht was sunk during the hurricane, and no major damage was reported by the fishing industry. Prior to moving ashore, Roslyn dropped light rainfall in extreme southern Baja California Sur. On the mainland, precipitation extended to the southeast and northwest of where the hurricane moved ashore; the peak total was to the southeast of Mazatlán. The brunt of the storm missed Mazatlán, instead affecting a sparsely-populated area. The highest reported winds from a land station were , with gusts to . Roslyn produced some flooding, but no serious damage. Impact was limited to flooded homes and factories, as well as some crop damage and beach erosion.
The remnants of Hurricane Roslyn produced heavy rainfall across the central and southern United States. In Matagorda, Texas, a total of was reported, which was the highest rainfall total anywhere along Roslyn's path. The system dropped upwards of in isolated locations of Alabama, Arkansas, Alabama, Georgia, and the Carolinas. The outskirts of the remnants of Roslyn brought rainfall to areas still recovering from significant flooding, partially caused by the earlier Hurricane Paine. Clouds from Roslyn began affecting the southern United States a day before it made its original landfall. The storm prompted flash flood watches in southeastern Texas, and the resulting rainfall flooded roadways and streams.
See also
Other storms named Roslyn
List of Pacific hurricanes
List of Category 4 Pacific hurricanes
References
Roslyn 1986
Roslyn
Roslyn 1986
Roslyn 1986
Roslyn
Iberia Flight 1456 was a scheduled flight from Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Spain, to Bilbao Airport, Spain. On Wednesday, February 7, 2001, the Airbus A320, which took off from Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Spain, encountered a microburst induced wind shear on final approach to Bilbao Airport, Spain. The wind shear caused the plane's landing gear to collapse. All 143 passengers onboard survived; with 25 people suffering light injuries, and 1 person receiving serious injuries. The aircraft was irreparably damaged as a result of the ordeal and was decommissioned soon after, making it the ninth loss of an Airbus A320 at that time. This accident prompted Airbus to develop a fail safe modification for its flight control software by preventing the airplane's built-in protection against stall from being activated by a high rate of change for the angle of attack.
Aircraft
The aircraft was manufactured for Iberia in 2000. It had also made its first flight in 2000. At the time of the accident, it had flown for 1,149 hours and 869 cycles. The aircraft was equipped with 2 CFMI CFM56-5B4/P engines.
Crew members
There were three cockpit crew and four cabin crew.
Cockpit crew
The captain was a 42-year old Spanish male and held an Airline Transport Pilot License. He was qualified to fly Airbus A320 aircraft under instrument flight rules (IFR). At the time of the accident, he had a total of 10,805 flight hours. The first officer was a 27-year old Spanish male and held a Commercial Pilot License. He was qualified to fly Airbus A320 under instrument flight rules (IFR). At the time of the accident, he had a total of 2,670 flight hours. The trainee pilot, who flew under supervision, was a 24-year old Spanish male and held a Commercial Pilot License. At the time of the accident, he had a total of 423 flight hours.
Cabin crew
There were four flight attendants on the aircraft.
Accident
On Wednesday, February 7, 2001, the Airbus A320 took off from Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Spain. The flight was uneventful until the final approach to Bilbao Airport. The Airbus encountered a microburst induced wind shear on final approach to the airport. The crew decided to perform a go-around, but the aircraft failed to respond, causing the plane's landing gear to collapse. A subsequent emergency evacuation was carried out. All 143 occupants on the aircraft survived, but 25 people were injured during the evacuation. One crew member and 23 passengers suffered minor injuries, while a female passenger was seriously injured. Seven injured passengers were taken to hospitals. The three pilots were not injured. The aircraft was substantially damaged and written off, making it the ninth hull loss of an Airbus A320.
Other damage
The runway received minor damage upon the aircraft's hard landing. Two runway edge lights were broken.
Investigation
The Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission (CIAIAC) immediately launched an investigation into the accident, which took 5 years and 9 months.
The investigation by the CIAIAC concluded:
Aftermath
This accident prompted Airbus to develop a modification for its flight control software by preventing the airplane's built-in protection against stall from being activated by a high rate of change for the angle of attack. Following this accident, the CIAIAC made four safety recommendations.
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in 2001
Aviation accidents and incidents in Spain
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by microbursts
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by weather
Accidents and incidents involving the Airbus A320
Iberia (airline) accidents and incidents
2001 in Spain
For the 1935 Isle of Man Tourist Trophy, Stanley Woods provided another surprise by moving again, from Husqvarna to Moto Guzzi.
The 1935 Junior TT Race provided a Junior TT double win for Jimmie Guthrie at an average race speed of and Norton with a 1-2-3 race win with Walter Rusk and "Crasher" White filling 2nd and 3rd places.
The 1935 Lightweight TT Race was a debut event for the Italian Omobono Tenni. It was team-mate Stanley Woods that led the 1935 Lightweight TT Race from start-to-finish at an average race speed of followed by Tyrell Smith and Ernie Nott, both riding for Rudge motor-cycles.
The 1935 Senior TT Race was postponed to the next day due to poor weather. Despite the delay, the race produced one of the most dramatic TT races. The race was led away by Jimmie Guthrie at number 1 while Stanley Woods starting at number 30 had a 15 minute wait. By the last lap of the 1935 Senior TT Race, Jimmie Guthrie had built-up a lead of 26 seconds.
As the Moto Guzzi pit-attendants made preparations for Stanley Woods to refuel on the last-lap, the Norton pit-crew signalled to Guthrie to easy the pace on the last lap. Stanley Woods riding for Moto Guzzi went straight through the TT Grandstand area without stopping on the last lap and set a new overall lap record of 26 minutes and 10 seconds at an average speed of . Despite the Norton team telephoning the signal-station at Ramsey on the last lap to indicate to Jimmie Guthrie to speed up the pace, Stanley Woods won the 1935 Senior TT Race by 4 seconds from Jimmie Guthrie in 3 hours, 7 minutes and 10 seconds at an average speed of .
Senior TT (500cc)
Saturday 22 June 1935 – 7 laps (264.11 miles) Mountain Course.
Junior TT (350cc)
Monday 17 June 1935 – 7 laps (264.11 miles) Mountain Course.
Lightweight TT (250cc)
Wednesday 19 June 1935 – 7 laps (264.11 miles) Mountain Course.
Notes
Stanley Woods returns to racing in the Isle of Man after breaking a scaphoid bone in his wrist after crashing a 500 Husqvarna on lap 1 of the 1934 Dutch TT Race.
Major alterations to the Snaefell mountain course are carried out for the 1935 TT Races. This includes the removal of the hump-backed bridge at Ballig and the road work is completed for the Manx Grand Prix in September 1935. Road widening occurs on the Mountain Course at the Highlander, Laurel Bank, Glen Helen (between the Old Quarry and Brew's Restaurant) and at Brandywell with the removal of the Beinn-y-Phott sheep-gate.
A warm-up period is introduced for the first-time before each race.
Associated Talking Pictures use the 1935 TT Races for the backdrop for the motion picture No Limit starring George Formby who dreams of riding a 'Shuttleworth Snap' motor-cycle in the Isle of Man TT Races. Filming starts on 15 June 1935 with co-star Florence Desmond using Douglas Beach, White City, Douglas Head Road, the Palace Ballrooms and the Douglas Camera Obscura.
Royal Enfield entered a 500 cc Four valve-Racing model for the Senior TT 1935. This is the last TT Royal Enfield entered.
During practice N.Cook riding an Excelsior crashes at Keppel Gate and George Rowley riding for AJSi at Signpost Corner. An injury to a thumb caused by replacing a drive-chain at Sulby causes Wal Handley to withdraw from the 1935 TT Races.
On lap 3 of the 1935 Junior Race, J.A.Macdonald riding a Norton motor-cycle crashes at Union Mills and is killed.
The 1935 Lightweight Race is held in poor weather conditions and Omobono Tenni crashes in the mist at the 32nd Milestone on the 5th lap. Although, Tenni continues he again crashes at Creg-ny-Baa and collides with a flag-marshal and suffers a fractured vertebra. Also during lap 5 of the 1935 Lightweight Race Doug.J.Pirie crashes at the 33rd Milestone and is killed.
The 1935 Senior TT Races are postponed from Friday 21 June 1935 to the following day. Interested visitors to the 1935 Senior Race include, Florence Desmond, the Duke of Richmond and Gordon and Baron Von Falkenhayn the General Director of NSU motor-cycles.
Sources
External links
Detailed race results
Isle of Man TT winners
Mountain Course map
Isle of Man TT
1935
Isle
Tàijíquán or T'ai chi ch'uan, or more commonly Tai chi or Taiji, is an internal Chinese martial art practiced for both its defense training and its health benefits.
Taiji or Tai chi may also refer to:
Taiji (philosophy), the concept in Daoism of "the ultimate supreme" or yin and yang, on which the martial art is based, also spelled "t'ai chi"
Taijitu, the universal symbol of Taiji, "the ultimate supreme" or yin and yang
Entertainment
Tai Chi (band), a Hong Kong rock band
Tai Chi (TVB), the television series broadcast by TVB
History
Taiji (Mongol title), a 16th-century title of nobility
Tàijí, the era of the rule of Emperor Ruizong of Tang
People
Hong Taiji (1592–1643) or Hung T'ai chi, an early Qing dynasty Manchu emperor
Taiji Sawada, Japanese musician
Seo Taiji (born 1972), South Korean musician
Taiji Tonoyama (1915–1989), Japanese actor
Taichi "Tai" Kamiya, a character in Digimon Adventure and Digimon Adventure 02
Taichi Ishikari or Taichi (born 1980), Japanese professional wrestler
Places
Taiji Cave, religious site in China
Taiji, Wakayama, a town in Japan
Other
Taiji Program in Space, is a proposed Chinese satellite-based gravitational-wave observatory
Taiji dolphin drive hunt, an annual dolphin hunt in Taiji, Wakayama
Similar and related words
Taegeuk, Sino-Korean pronunciation for Taiji
Taijitu, the symbol for the taiji concept, sometimes called the yin yang symbol
Tai chi chih, a westernized, standardized version of t'ai chi ch'uan
Taichi (name)
Tao Chi (painter) (1641–1720), Ming Dynasty artist
Japanese masculine given names
The following is a list of flags of Venezuela.
National flags
Historical flags
Governmental flags
Military flags
States, Federal Dependencies and the Capital District
Historical state flags
City and town flags
See also
List of anthems of Venezuela
Symbols of Venezuela
References
National symbols of Venezuela
Flags of Venezuela
Venezuela
F
Lydia Stephens (born 1 November 1945) is a Kenyan sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Kenyan female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Kenya
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Kenya
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic female sprinters
European Democracy (, DE) was a minor Christian-democratic, centrist political party in Italy.
History
European Democracy was founded in 2001 by Sergio D'Antoni (former leader of the Italian Confederation of Workers' Trade Unions), Giulio Andreotti and Ortensio Zecchino, all three splitters from the Italian People's Party. Many ex-members of Lega Nord, including Vito Gnutti (former Minister of Industry) and Domenico Comino (and floor leader in the Chamber of Deputies).
In the 2001 general election the party scored 2.3% on a stand-alone list, winning only two seats in the Senate. In December 2002 it was merged with the Christian Democratic Centre and the United Christian Democrats to form the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats (UDC). Sergio D'Antoni became vice-secretary of the new party.
Electoral results
Italian Parliament
References
Political parties disestablished in 2001
Christian democratic parties in Italy
Centrist parties in Italy
Political parties established in 2000
Defunct Christian political parties
2000 establishments in Italy
Defunct political parties in Italy
2001 disestablishments in Italy
Giulio Andreotti
Catholic political parties
The Cathedral of the Annunciation of Mary () also called Gospić Cathedral It is a Catholic church in the city of Gospić in Croatia, and the seat of the Diocese of Gospić-Senj.
The current cathedral was built between 1781 and 1783 in Baroque style. During the Yugoslav Wars on September 15, 1991, the church burned down: the roof and the top of the tower burned completely, while the interior of the church was damaged by fire. The reconstruction began in 1992 and ended in 1999.
On May 25, 2000, with the Bull "Ad christifidelium spirituali" Pope John Paul II erected the Diocese of Gospić-Senj, while bringing the church to the status of cathedral.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Croatia
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Croatia
Buildings and structures in Gospić
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1783
Buildings and structures in Lika-Senj County
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Croatia
Baroque church buildings in Croatia
The Yellowstone River is a river in Duchesne County, Utah in the United States. It flows south from the crest of the Uinta Mountains for to join the Lake Fork River about north of Mountain Home.
See also
List of rivers of Utah
List of tributaries of the Colorado River
References
Rivers of Utah
Rivers of Duchesne County, Utah
Live at Montreal International Jazz Festival is a live album recorded for the Italian Black Saint label by the improvisational collective New Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Fred Hopkins and Pheeroan akLaff performing at the Montreal International Jazz Festival in 1983. The album was the first release to feature akLaff who replaced original Air drummer Steve McCall.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 2½ stars, stating, "Hopkins didn't mesh as smoothly with akLaff on this date, although they found a comfortable meeting place by mid-album. Henry Threadgill, as always, was a compelling soloist, especially on alto sax".
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill
"Sir Simpleton" - 11:02
"Difda Dance" - 12:53
"Roll On" - 4:56
"Tragedy On a Thursday Afternoon" - 8:32
"No. 1" - 9:09
Recorded live July, 1983, at Montreal International Jazz Festival
Personnel
Henry Threadgill - alto saxophone, flute, baritone saxophone
Fred Hopkins - bass
Pheeroan akLaff - percussion
References
Air (free jazz trio) albums
1984 live albums
Black Saint/Soul Note live albums
The Career Preparation Center is a high school located in Sterling Heights, Michigan and is part of the Warren Consolidated School District. It aims to prepare students for a career out of high school or for college.
Programs
Academic Integration
Administrative Office Specialist
Agriscience/Floral Design and Management
Agriscience/Landscaping
Auto Body
Building Trades
Child Development
Computer Aided Drafting (CAD)
Computer Aided Manufacturing (CAM)
Computer Information Systems (CIS)
Culinary Arts
Dental Careers
Electronic Services
Emergency Medical Technician-Basic (EMT-B)
Food Services
Graphic Design & Printing Technology
Legal Office Specialist
Medical Careers
Medical Manufacturing
Medical Office Specialist
Network Administration
Visual Arts
Watch & Clock Repair
Radio/TV - at Cousino High School
External links
Career Preparation Center
Public high schools in Michigan
Schools in Macomb County, Michigan
Sterling Heights, Michigan
Duract is or was a trade name for the following pharmaceutical drugs:
Bromfenac, a discontinued pain medication
Dextromethorphan ("Duract Max Strength Cough"), a cough medication
North Kayong Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan province in Indonesia. It covers an area of 4,568.26 km2, and had a population of 95,594 at the 2010 Census and 126,571 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies in Sukadana. The nearest airport is Ketapang Airport.
History
North Kayong Regency was created in 2007, following a central government decision to split the area off from the Ketapang Regency.
Administrative Districts
At the time of the 2010 Census, the North Kayong Regency consisted of five districts (kecamatan); subsequently, the offshore islands district of Pulau Maya Karimata has been split in two - Pulau Maya (a large island situated closer to the Kalimantan "mainland", with surrounding islets) and Kepulauan Karimata (an archipelago of 83 islands lying further to the west). The districts are tabulated below with their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table includes the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, and its post code.
Note: (a) comprising the five desa of Dusun Besar, Dusun Kecil, Kemboja, Satai Lestari and Tanjung Satai.(b) comprising the three desa of Padang, Pelapis and Betok Jaya.(c) including offshore Pelintu Island. (d) including nine offshore islands - Bagu, Cermin, Datok, Juante, Katung, Lalang, Nanas, Payung and Salahnama.
Economy
The main industries consist in the production of palm oil, rubber and wood.
Education
The current political leadership has made commitments to provide free education and health care to all residents and primary and secondary school fees that are paid elsewhere in Indonesia have been waived. There are no institutes of higher education. The Regency is currently developing a polytechnic.
Health
The local government provides free public health care through clinics throughout the province, including a ‘floating clinic' based on a boat to serve the islands off the west coast of the regency. A privately run clinic is operated by the NGO ASRI in Sukadana town. The nearest hospitals are in the neighboring regency of Ketapang.
Demographics
North Kayong has a minority population of Chinese with the majority being native. Most Chinese residents in North Kayong are of either Teochew or Hakka. The native Indonesians living there are mainly of Malay descent. In regards to speech, most citizens of North Kayong incorporate a type of Malay accent in their Indonesian, which is somewhat similar to that used in Malaysia.
Transportation
The nearest airport is Rahadi Osman at Ketapang. The airport has some connecting flights to Pontianak, Semarang via Pangkalan Bun, and Jakarta. Boats from Sukadana, Teluk Melano and Teluk Batang run daily to Pontianak.
Places
Gunung Palung National Park, a beautiful rainforest park that can be reached from Sukadana.
Datok Island beach
Hotels
The largest hotel is the Makhota Kayong in Sukadana.
References
Populated places in West Kalimantan
Regencies of West Kalimantan
Frederick Harper (24 November 1863 – 19 January 1937) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played fourteen first-class matches for Otago between 1886 and 1895.
Harper was a stylish batsman and brilliant fieldsman who captained Otago in most of his matches. He made 53, the highest score of the match, and the highest score of the short New Zealand first-class season, in 1887-88 when Otago beat Canterbury.
Harper brought Joseph Lawton to Otago in 1890 as New Zealand's first professional cricket coach, and paid half of Lawton's salary for the first year. Lawton's success led to his re-engagement for several seasons.
Harper was a partner in the firm of Messrs McKerrow, Lees and Co, soft goods merchants. He retired to live in Timaru with his wife, who survived him.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1863 births
1937 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Bolton
In 1875, the Louisiana State Legislature declared Mardi Gras a legal holiday in the state of Louisiana. The holiday is observed on the day before Ash Wednesday (also known as Fat Tuesday).
Establishing the state holiday made it possible for people to celebrate Mardi Gras legally, including suspending laws against concealing one's identity with a mask for the day, though it continues to be illegal on every other day of the year. Critics maintain that this holiday has facilitated anonymity which has led to unabashed drunkenness, drug abuse, violence against individuals and businesses, and other criminal activity.
History
Mardi Gras is the celebration before Lent – a period in which people of some Christian denominations fast, give up other delicacies, or both – where people traditionally eat a large meal before the fasting period, hence the name translating to "Fat Tuesday."
The history of Mardi Gras in the United States started with Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville's defense of the Louisiane territory (modern-day Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and parts Texas.) He and his men settled a camp around 60 miles away from present-day New Orleans on Mardi Gras in 1699. They named it "Pointe du Mardi Gras", (Mardi Gras Point), accordingly. They also held a small gala in celebration, making it the first Mardi Gras in North America.
French rule
People around New Orleans, in the French territory, celebrated Mardi Gras freely. These also included slaves who worked on the plantations; these celebrations were recorded as early as 1732. Madi Gras, is a traditionally French tradition, so people who lived in the territory continued French traditions. People also celebrated Mardi Gras with balls, including the governor of Louisiana, Pierre de Rigaud, marquis de Vaudreuil-Cavagnial, who held several in his home that set the stage for future upper-class celebrations. Congo Square became a place where freemen and slaves congregated and also began to practice Madi Gras celebrations, open and freely.
Spanish rule
After the French-Indian War Louisiana was ceded to Spain in the Treaty of Paris of 1763. With this change in leadership over the region, Madi Gras celebration began to be put to a halt. People of color were prohibited from wearing masks, feathers, and attending night time balls, all actions indicative of Mardi Gras celebrations. They continued to form organizations in which they celebrated, however. The high society balls that used to be held in French Louisiana were also put to a stop in this time period. This is when Madi Gras celebrations began to be seen in a negative light in North America, which eventually led to the Mardi Gras Act of 1875.
American rule
The Louisiana purchase granted a total of around 827,000 square miles of land to the United States for around 15 million dollars. Taking place in 1803, ownership of the land around New Orleans had changed three times within a 105-year time span. Under early American rule, rules implemented by the Spanish continued to be upheld, like banning masked balls and public disguises. After a major slave revolt in 1811, and the rise of a popular belief that spies for Aaron Burr were using masks as disguises, regulations got more intense. Because of these regulations, people of color (both of African and Native American descent) began to form Krewes in which they would organize their own celebrations (they are still in operation and help to organize the parade and other celebrations today). As time went on, Creoles and other members of the New Orleans community were able to convince the American Government to reinstate the balls in 1823 and later in 1827 make masking on the street legal. In 1841, the first formal parade in celebration of Mardi Gras was held. During the Civil War float building was prohibited, but people continued to march on foot in celebration. Finally, with the passing of this act, Mardi Gras became a legal holiday in the state of Louisiana.
References
Mardi Gras in New Orleans
1875 in Louisiana
Astrakhan District ( ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the Village of Astrakhanka. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Clinical Rheumatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering rheumatology. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the International League of Associations of Rheumatology. The journal was established in 1945 as the official journal of the Belgian Rheumatology Society and carried different titles before obtaining its current title in 1982.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 2.980.
References
External links
Rheumatology journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Publications established in 1945
Monthly journals
English-language journals
Academic journals associated with international learned and professional societies
North Rock Communications Ltd. is an Internet and telecommunications service provider located in Bermuda. It is the second largest ISP on the island, and through its own WiMAX Network, is the only company to offer both Internet service and connectivity under the same corporate entity.
History
North Rock was launched in 1997 with a staff of three people offering dial-up Internet service. Over the next several years, the company developed one of the largest internet and telecommunications architectures, consisting of several data centres, a country-wide WiMax network, and a suite of telephony services.
Present
As of 2012, North Rock remains the only Bermudian-owned and operated internet service provider. Its chairwoman, Vicki Coelho, is involved in and regularly cited on matters of Bermudian telecommunications regulation. It is currently facing increasing competition from foreign-owned entities, with Jamaica-based Digicel recently entering the internet services market.
References
Further reading
Finding the right Internet service for your needs | Bermuda Technology
North Rock customers double-billed through payment processor error | Bermuda Local Business
NorthRock's ‘Follow Me' connects all your numbers | Bermuda Technology
External links
Official website
Communications in Bermuda
James Bradley Allen (born May 29, 1958 in Yakima, Washington) is an American former professional baseball third baseman for the Seattle Mariners of the Major League Baseball (MLB). He attended Arizona State University.
Amateur career
Allen was drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the first round of the 1976 MLB draft out of A.C. Davis High School in Yakima, but chose to attend Arizona State. After three years there, he was drafted again by the Seattle Mariners in the second round of the 1979 MLB draft.
Professional career
Seattle Mariners
Allen began his professional career that summer, playing for the Bellingham Mariners of the Northwest League. During an exhibition game in 1982, as a member of the Triple-A Salt Lake City Gulls, Jamie drew a walk to win the game against the major league Seattle Mariners.
Jamie was placed on the Mariners' 40-man roster on November 6, 1982 as a part of what the Mariners' General Manager Dan O'Brien rebuilding plan.
He made his MLB debut on May 1, 1983 at the Kingdome against the Baltimore Orioles. He went one-for-four in the game. In his only big league season, Allen hit .223 with four home runs, ten doubles and 21 RBIs in 86 games. He continued to play professionally until 1985, finishing his career with the Calgary Cannons of the Pacific Coast League.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Arizona State Sun Devils baseball players
Baseball players from Washington (state)
Bellingham Mariners players
Calgary Cannons players
Lynn Sailors players
Major League Baseball third basemen
Salt Lake City Gulls players
Seattle Mariners players
Spokane Indians players
Sportspeople from Yakima, Washington
Anchorage Glacier Pilots players
Alfred Washington Adson (March 13, 1887 – November 12, 1951) was an American physician, military officer, and surgeon. He was in medical practice with the Mayo Clinic and the Mayo Graduate School of Medicine of the University of Minnesota at Rochester, Minnesota. He was associated with the development of the Section of Neurological Surgery which was first established at Mayo in 1919. He functioned as its chair until 1946. He undertook pioneering neurosurgery and gave his name to a medical condition, a medical sign, a medical diagnostic manoeuvre, and medical instruments.
Early life and education
Alfred Adson was born at Terril, Iowa. His parents Anna B. Adson (1869–1955) and Martin Adson (1864–1955) were both Norwegian immigrants. Adson attained his BSc in 1912 at the University of Nebraska, his M.D. in 1914 from the University of Pennsylvania and MA in 1918 from the University of Nebraska. As a fellow in surgery, he entered the Mayo Clinic in July 1914 where he was invited to develop a section of neurological surgery. He became a substantive member of staff on January 1, 1917.
Career
He was a first lieutenant in the Medical Reserve Corps of the US Army in the First World War. After the war, he continued to be head of the Section of Neurological surgery at the Mayo Clinic until 1946 when he was appointed to senior consultant in the same section.
Adson undertook innovative neurosurgery for the treatment of glossopharyngeal neuralgia, Raynaud's Disease, Hirschsprung's disease and for essential hypertension.
He was a colonel in the US Army Medical Reserve Corps and a fellow of The American College of Surgeons and a member of the International Neurological Association, the Association for Research in Nervous and Mental Diseases Inc., the Society of Neurological Surgeons, the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, the Western Surgical Association, the Central Neuropsychiatric Association and the Minnesota Society of Neurology and Psychiatry.
He received in 1948 an honorary degree of Doctor of Science from the University of Nebraska and one from St Olaf College, Northfield, Minnesota.
He was president of the Society of Neurological Surgeons in 1932 and 1933, of the Minnesota State Medical Association in 1937, the Minnesota State Board of Medical Examiners in 1938 and 1943, the Minnesota Neurological Society in 1941, and of the North Central Medical Conference in 1948.
Personal life
He married Lora G. Smith on 3, August 1911. They had three children: William W. Adson, Mary L. Adson and Martin Adson, head of a section of surgery in the Mayo Clinic.
Selected works
Surgical Consideration of Brain Tumors (1934)
The Surgical Management of Brain Abscess (1935)
The Treatment of Cranial Osteomyelitis and Brain Abscess (1938)
Eponymous attributes
Adson-Coffey syndrome. Named by Adson and Jay R Coffey, also called thoracic outlet syndrome, a condition which involves pressure on the nerve bundle that leaves the thoracic cavity in the region of the armpit.
Adson manoeuvre: used to elicit Adson's sign. A loss of the radial pulse on the side affected by TOS when the patient fills their lungs and turns their head with stretched neck, to the affected side.
Adson-Graeff forceps: 125mm-long tissue forceps.
Beckman-Adson retractor: used for holding open surgical incisions.
Adson dissecting forceps: used for holding fine tissue.
References
Further reading
External links
1887 births
1951 deaths
People from Dickinson County, Iowa
University of Nebraska alumni
Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania alumni
United States Army personnel of World War I
United States Army Medical Corps officers
American neurosurgeons
Physicians from Minnesota
American people of Norwegian descent
20th-century surgeons
Military personnel from Iowa
Free Officers Movement can mean:
Free Officers Movement (Egypt) in Egypt who overthrew the Muhammad Ali Dynasty in the Egyptian Revolution, to form the Republic of Egypt.
Free Officers Movement (Iraq) in Iraq who overthrew the Hashemite Dynasty in the 14 July Revolution, to form the Republic of Iraq.
Free Officers and Civilians Movement in Iraq who campaigned against Saddam Hussein's rule in the 1991 Iraqi uprisings, to form the Coalition Provisional Authority.
Free Officers Movement (Syria) in Syria who fought against Bashar al-Assad's rule in the Syrian Civil War in 2011, to form the Free Syrian Army.
Free Officers Movement (Libya) in Libya who overthrew the Senussi Dynasty in the Libyan Revolution, to form the Libyan Arab Republic.
Gurley Corner is an unincorporated community in Posey Township, Switzerland County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Geography
Gurley Corner is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Switzerland County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
KF Divjaka is an Albanian professional football club based in Divjakë. They are currently competing in the Albanian Third Division.
See also
List of football clubs in Albania
References
Divjaka
1960 establishments in Albania
Association football clubs established in 1960
Divjakë
Kategoria e Dytë clubs
Albanian Third Division clubs
Patrick Parisot was a former Canadian diplomat. He was Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Norway, Cuba, Algeria, Portugal and previously to Chile.
In 2010, Parisot resigned as Ambassador to Algeria to become Principal Secretary to then-Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff.
Parisot is a former Special Policy Advisor and Press Secretary for then-Prime Minister Jean Chrétien .
A graduate of UdeM, UQAM, Parisot was as a broadcaster with Radio-Canada and TQS.
References
External links
Foreign Affairs and International Trade Canada diplomatic history
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ambassadors of Canada to Algeria
Ambassadors of Canada to Portugal
Ambassadors of Canada to Chile
Kenneth Clement Yates (born 4 August 1938) is a former cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket in England. Yates was a right-handed batsman and wicketkeeper. He was born at Keetmanshoop in what was then South-West Africa.
In 1961, Yates played a single first-class match for Cambridge University against the Free Foresters. In the match he batted once, remaining unbeaten on 0 and taking 3 catches behind the stumps.
In 1963, he played a single Minor Counties Championship match for Cambridgeshire against Wiltshire.
The following year, Yates played in a List A match for Cambridgeshire against Essex in the 1964 Gillette Cup. In his only List A match, he scored five runs but did not make any dismissals.
References
External links
Kenneth Yates at Cricinfo
Kenneth Yates at CricketArchive
1938 births
Living people
Namibian people of British descent
White Namibian people
People from Keetmanshoop
Namibian cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Chen Xuezhao (; April 17, 1906 – 1991) was a Chinese writer and journalist. She was earlier known as Chen Shuzhang or Chen Shuying. She used the pen names Ye Qu, Shi Wei, Xue Zhao and Hui. She was one of the most prolific Chinese women writers of the 20th century. Chen gave her support to Mao Zedong's policy on Art and Literature.
Life
The daughter of parents from Henan province, Chen was born in Haining in Zhejiang province in 1906. She was educated at the first Girls' Normal School in China in Nantong County. This school was founded in 1902 by Zhang Jian. Afterwards, she attended Shanghai Patriotic Girls' College. She joined the Qiancao Literary Society and published her first work Wo suo qiwang de xin funü ("The New Women of My Ideal") in 1923. Furthermore, in 1927, Chen published an article in the New Woman magazine "explaining the new phenomenon of women choosing to remain single" and instead of raising a family, "participated in civic life" as many other Chinese New Women were doing. Chen taught school in Zhejiang and Beijing. In 1924, she published Juanlu ("Weary Travels"). She helped establish the magazines Yusi and Xin nüxing. From 1927 to 1935, Chen studied western literature in Paris. From 1927 to 1931, she was a special correspondent for the Dàgōng bào newspaper. During this time, she married a Chinese medical student in France. After completing a PhD at the University of Clermont-Ferrand in 1935, she returned to China with her husband; the couple divorced in 1941.
In 1940, she went to Yan'an and became editor of the fourth section of the Jiefang ribao newspaper and a literacy teacher at the Central Party School there. In 1942 she attended the Yan'an Forum with Mao Zedong to determine Chinese communist policy on the Arts. Mao published a paper entitled "Talks at the'nan Conference on Arts and Literature". This was an important document of national policy which Chen supported and this was the basis for a major cultural rectification programme.
In 1945, she heard that she had been specifically praised by Mao Zedong. Later that year, she joined the Communist Party of China and her application was swiftly approved with only a note to study more Lenin. The following year she became editor of the fourth section of the Dongbei ribao newspaper. In 1949, she became Communist Party secretary at Zhejiang University. In 1953, she was part of a Chinese delegation to the USSR. In 1957, she was labelled as a rightist and fell out of favour. During the Cultural Revolution, Chen took a hiatus from writing. She resumed her writing in 1978.
Chen also translated some works by Balzac and Charles de Gaulle's L'Appel from French into Chinese. She died in 1991.
Selected works
Yi Bali (Memories of Paris), essays (1929)
Ru meng (Like a dream), essays (1929)
Nanfeng de meng (Dream of the south wind), novel (1929)
Gongzuozhe shi meilide (To be working is beautiful), novel, largely autobiographical (1949)
Tudi (The land), novel (1953)
Chun cha (Spring tea), novel (1957)
Fuchen zayi (Random Reflections of Life) (1981), translated into English as Surviving the storm : a memoir (1990)
References
1906 births
1991 deaths
Chinese women journalists
Republic of China essayists
Republic of China translators
Republic of China novelists
People's Republic of China essayists
People's Republic of China translators
Writers from Ningbo
Republic of China journalists
People's Republic of China journalists
20th-century Chinese novelists
20th-century Chinese women writers
20th-century Chinese translators
Chinese women novelists
People's Republic of China novelists
20th-century essayists
Tyler Palmer (born June 22, 1950) is a former American alpine skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics. In the World Cup between March 1970 and December 1971, he achieved four podiums, nine top ten finishes and won two slalom races: 17 January, 1971, at St. Moritz, and 19 December, 1971, at Sestriere. In the 1971 Alpine Skiing World Cup, he finished 10th in the overall standings and 3rd in the slalom.
External links
sports-reference.com
1950 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from New Hampshire
Holderness School alumni
Peter Levens (1552-1587) was an English lexicographer. He was born in Yorkshire, and attended Magdalen College. He received his bachelor's and master's degrees from Oxford University.
He was a contemporary of John Withals, Richard Huloet, and John Veron. He is most famous for being the author of the Manipulus Vocabulorum.
References
External links
British writers
British lexicographers
1552 births
1587 deaths
Tabcorp is Australia's largest gambling company, employing more than 5,000 people. It is the largest provider of wagering and gaming products and services in Australia. Tabcorp is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
History
In 2017, Tatts Group combined with Tabcorp Holdings Limited to create a diversified entertainment group under the Tabcorp brand. The following year UBET was transitioned back into the flagship TAB brand. In July 2021, Tabcorp announced it would spin off its lotteries and keno business into a separate listed company, with Tabcorp retaining its wagering and media arm.
Tabcorp history
In 1961, the Victorian TAB (Totalisator Agency Board) was established, legalising off-course totalisator betting. Three years later in 1964, the NSW TAB was established, betting on two race meetings on its first day at Canterbury and Menangle.
Tabcorp was listed on the Australian Securities Exchange by the Government of Victoria in August 1994, operating a wagering and gaming licence in Victoria. In 1999, Tabcorp announced the acquisition of Star City Holdings and in 2000 it acquired Structured Data Systems which developed wagering and Keno systems and animated games.
Tabcorp merged with Jupiters in November 2003 and in 2004 took over Tab Limited, the New South Wales based wagering and media company, including Sky Channel.
Matthew Slatter became CEO of Tabcorp in 2002, and oversaw the merge with Jupiters in 2003. However, after a 10% fall in profits in early 2007, he was sacked by the Tabcorp board.
In 2011, Tabcorp demerged its casino operations resulting in Tabcorp's casinos business being separately listed as Echo Entertainment Group. The existing wagering, media, gaming and Keno businesses were retained by Tabcorp.
In 2012, Tabcorp commenced operating Victoria's new Wagering and Betting Licence. In 2014 Tabcorp acquired ACT TAB. In 2016 Tabcorp acquired the gaming systems company Intecq.
In May 2022, Tabcorp shareholders approved the scheme of arrangement for the demerger of the Lotteries and Keno business The Lottery Corporation from Tabcorp. The Lottery Corporation commenced trading on the ASX on 24 May 2022. The Lottery Corporation operate the brands The Lott and Keno.
Controversies
On 16 March 2017, Tabcorp was fined 45 million for breaching money-laundering laws. Suspicious behaviour on 108 occasions was not reported to the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC).
On 22 August 2007, an investigation by news.com.au reporters Will Temple and David Higgins revealed claims that Tabcorp had secret approval from the NSW government to loan money to "select high value wagering customers".
In April 2018, the UK Gambling Commission fined Tabcorp £84,000 after its subsidiary business Sun Bets, was found to have breached gambling laws for a publicity stunt involving taking bets on Sutton United's reserve goalkeeper eating a pie during an FA Cup tie against Arsenal F.C. in February 2017.
Tatts Group history
TAB Qld (TABQ) opened for business in 1962 and was listed by the Government of Queensland on the ASX in November 1999. In 2000, TABQ acquired the Northern Territory TAB from the Government of the Northern Territory and in 2002, the South Australian TAB from the Government of South Australia. In December 2002, TABQ changed its name to UNiTAB.
In 2004, UNiTAB acquired Maxgaming NSW and in 2005 Tattersalls Ltd listed on the ASX and acquired Bytecraft. Tattersalls Ltd and UNiTAB conducted a merger of equals in 2006 under the Tattersalls brand. In 2007, Tattersalls acquired Talarius and Golden Casket and changed its name to Tatts Group.
In 2010, Tatts Group acquired NSW Lotteries. In 2012, Tatts Group acquired SA Lotteries and Tote Tasmania. In 2014, Tatts Group secured a Queensland wagering deal with 30 years exclusivity, and in the same year Victorian Instant Scratch-Its returned to Tatts Group. In 2015, Tatts Group launched Set For Life and UBET. In 2016, Tatts Group launched the Lott and MAX as well as securing a 15-year monitoring licence. In the same year, Tatts Group sold Talarius to Novomatic.
Wagering and Media
Tabcorp is the market leader in Australian wagering, operating under the TAB brand.
TAB operates in 4,400+ venues across Australia and in FY18 delivered $1 billion in returns to industry partners. TAB takes 1.1 billion bets annually and has 57% revenue market share.
Gaming Services
MAX operates gaming services across 3,500+ venues across Australia.
References
Australian companies established in 1994
Gambling companies established in 1994
Bookmakers
Companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Gambling companies of Australia
Online gambling companies of Australia
Holding companies of Australia
Multinational companies headquartered in Australia
Companies based in Melbourne
The 1935–36 GET-ligaen season was the second season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Grane won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1935–36 in Norwegian ice hockey
Jon Lomberg (born 1948) is an American space artist and science journalist. He was Carl Sagan's principal artistic collaborator for more than twenty years on many projects from 1972 through 1996. In 1998, the International Astronomical Union officially named an asteroid (6446 Lomberg) in recognition of his achievements in science communication. He was NASA's Design Director for the Golden Record on the Voyager spacecraft; the cover he designed is expected to last at least a billion years.
Biography
Jon Lomberg grew up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. During a visit to Toronto, Ontario, after college, he was invited by science fiction author Judith Merril to display his artwork at a conference she organised for the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. Lomberg moved to Toronto later that year and, after assisting Merril in a radio documentary for the CBC Radio One program Ideas, went on to create many documentaries on topics such as NASA's Viking program and Halley's Comet for the program.
In 1972, Lomberg showed some of his paintings to astronomer Carl Sagan, who then asked him to illustrate his book The Cosmic Connection (1973). This was the beginning of their quarter century of collaboration on many projects, including the Cosmos series (for which Lomberg created the talent pool and as chief artist won a Primetime Emmy Award), the Cosmos book, Broca's Brain, NASA's interstellar Voyager Golden Record, the original cover art for Sagan's 1985 novel Contact, and the opening sequence from Earth through the Solar System and its galaxy and beyond for the 1997 Contact film. At Sagan's request, Lomberg designed the original sailing ship logo for the Planetary Society in 1981.
The Smithsonian Institution commissioned Lomberg in the early 1990s to paint "A Portrait of the Milky Way", a scientifically accurate artistic representation of the Milky Way galaxy as seen by a hypothetical observer from a vantage point 10 degrees above the galactic plane and 60,000 light years from the galactic center. The by painting, which was described in a peer reviewed academic paper in 1994 as "the best representation of our galaxy to date" and "a first map like those of explorers long ago", was displayed in the National Air and Space Museum from 1992 through 2002 and remains part of its permanent collection of aviation and space art. Lomberg also designed the Galaxy Garden, a three-dimensional walk-through Milky Way scale model which is part of the Paleaku Peace Gardens Sanctuary in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii.
Lomberg co-designed the MarsDial aboard the Mars Exploration Rovers Spirit and Opportunity, and was the project director and editor-in-chief for the Visions of Mars CD-ROM and mini-DVD aboard the spacecraft Phoenix, which landed on Mars in May 2008. He was also on the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant planning teams with Frank Drake, Ben Finney, Ward Goodenough, Louis Narens, Frederick Newmeyer, Woodruff Sullivan and others.
Jon Lomberg is a founding member of the International Association of Astronomical Artists, a member of the Planetary Society advisory council, and designs exhibits and gives presentations for the Mauna Kea Astronomy Education Center in Hilo, Hawaii for the Mauna Kea Observatory and Gemini North. He lives in Hawaii with his wife and two children.
Bibliography
The books Jon Lomberg has co-authored and/or illustrated include:
1978: Carl Sagan, Frank Drake, Ann Druyan, Timothy Ferris, Jon Lomberg, Linda Salzman Sagan. Murmurs of Earth: The Voyager Interstellar Record. New York City: Random House. .
1979: Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science. New York City: Random House. .
1997: Donald Goldsmith, Worlds Unnumbered: The Search For Extrasolar Planets. Herndon, Virginia: University Science Books. .
1997: Donald Goldsmith, Einstein's Greatest Blunder? The Cosmological Constant and Other Fudge Factors in the Physics of the Universe. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press. .
2001: Donald Goldsmith and Tobias Owen, The Search for Life in the Universe. Herndon, Virginia: University Science Books. .
2004: David W. Thomson and James Bourassa, Secrets of the Aether: Unified Force Theory, Dark Matter and Consciousness. Alma, Illinois: The Aenor Trust. .
Awards and honors
The awards and honors which have been bestowed upon Jon Lomberg include:
1979: American Institute of Graphic Arts Certificate of Excellence for the cover of Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science.
1981: Primetime Emmy Award from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Creative Technical Crafts for the TV series Cosmos.
1983: Graphic Design USA magazine DESI Award for nuclear winter artwork in PARADE magazine.
1984: Vermont World Peace Film Festival Prize for Best Video Documentary for the videotape of the multi-media show Nuclear Winter with Carl Sagan.
1987: Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism Armstrong Award for Documentary for the Ideas program Halley's Comet.
1996: American Association for the Advancement of Science Best Children's Science Book Award for the "Life In The Universe" curriculum for grades 4-9, in the Life Science category.
1998: International Astronomical Union officially renamed Asteroid Lomberg, formerly asteroid 6446 1990QL.
2002: Astronomical Society of the Pacific Klumpke-Roberts Award.
References
External links
Official Jon Lomberg website
Official website of the Galaxy Garden at the Paleaku Astronomy Center in Captain Cook, Hawaii.
Two views of A Portrait of the Milky Way on the Kepler Mission website.
Transcripts of two Robyn Williams shows with Jon Lomberg for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation:
Voyager - A message from Earth - 19 November 2005 at the Sydney Observatory
Jon Lomberg, In Conversation - 5 January 2006
1948 births
Living people
Artists from Philadelphia
Artists from Hawaii
Space artists
Emmy Award winners
American science writers
Interstellar messages
HD 129445 is a G type star found in the Circinus constellation located approximately 220 light-years away from the Sun based on parallax. It is invisible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 8.80. The star has been under the Magellan Planet Search Program observation due to its absolute visual magnitude and high metallicity. The Magellan program conducted 17 doppler velocity tests, which spans a full orbital period. The results led the program to detect a planet dubbed HD 129445 b whose readings was accurate to the Keplerian orbital model.
See also
HD 152079
HD 164604
HD 175167
HD 86226
List of extrasolar planets
References
G-type main-sequence stars
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
Circinus (constellation)
CD-68 01403
129445
072203
Irena Wiśniewska-Santor (Polish pronunciation: ; born 9 December 1934), known professionally as Irena Santor, is a Polish singer, musical performer and actress.
Her career started in 1950. She's noted for singing in clear mezzo-soprano, considered one of Poland's biggest icons and is referred to as an influence for younger singers.
From 1951 to 1959 Irena Santor (then Wiśniewska) was a member and the main soloist of the Polish folk group Mazowsze, with whom she toured all continents. After leaving the group she decided to start a solo career. She has been awarded many prizes in Poland and abroad.
Irena Santor made her acting debut in Stanisław Bareja's film Przygoda z piosenką (1968). She appeared in many TV and radio shows and sat on juries for a number of talent shows and song competitions. The singer also recorded soundtracks to Polish and Soviet films.
In 2017, as the first singer in Poland, she was awarded an honorary doctorate for her accomplishments.
In 2021, she announced that she ended her professional career.
Early life and education
Irena Wiśniewska was born on 9 December 1934 in Papowo Biskupie in northern Poland. She spent her childhood in Solec Kujawski, where her family had moved in the mid-1930s. Her father, Bernard Wiśniewski, was murdered by the German Selbstschutz in the autumn of 1939, a few weeks after the start of World War II. Her mother worked as a seamstress.
After the war Irena's mother's health was failing. In 1948, Irena and her mother lived in Polanica-Zdrój, a health resort in Silesia, where Irena attended the Glass Decoration Gymnasium, and then the Vocational School of Glass Industry, in nearby Szczytna. Teachers discovered her vocal talent and at the end of the 1940s sent her to song competitions.
Career
In 1950 she met Zdzisław Górzyński, a prominent director of the Grand Theatre, Poznań, who visited Polanica-Zdrój. Górzyński was impressed with her vocal and recommended her to Tadeusz Sygietyński, who was creator and manager of the folk group Mazowsze. He organised casting and accepted Irena's candidacy but stipulated that she will take singing lessons under the direction of opera singer Wanda Wermińska. She agreed. Her mother died that same year, so Irena moved to the Karolin, where she graduated from music school and passed the matura exam. Her classmate in this term was actress Lidia Korsakówna.
She was the main soloist in a folk group Mazowsze. With the group she appeared in the first Polish color movie Przygoda na Mariensztacie (1953) and they recorded soundtrack to movie. In the 1950s she traveled around the world with the band. Later on in her life, Irena Santor revealed that she performed for Mao Zedong, which she regrets now. During that time she met her future husband, Stanisław Santor, who was a violinist in Mazowsze. Her most popular song from this period was Ej, przeleciał ptaszek – originally a folk song.
After her marriage to Stanisław Santor, she left the group and started a solo career.
In 2019 she was celebrating the diamond jubilee of her career with a concert tour called "Jubileusz, śpiewam, czyli jestem" ("Jubilee, I sing, therefore I am").
Private life
In 1958 she married Stanisław Santor. The couple divorced after 19 years, but they remained on good terms until his death in 1999.
Until his death in 2018 her partner was Zbigniew Korpolewski, whom she met in the 1990s.
Discography
Rendez-vous z I. Santor (1961)
W krainie piosenki (1963)
Dzień dobry piosenko (1964)
Halo Warszawo (1965)
Piosenki stare jak świat (1966)
Powrócisz tu (1967)
Zapamiętaj, że to ja (1969)
Wśród nocnej ciszy (1969)
Dla ciebie śpiewa Irena Santor (1970)
Moja Warszawa (1972)
Z tobą na zawsze (1972)
Witaj gwiazdko złota (1972)
Jubileusz (1973)
Irena Santor (1976)
Baśnie Andersena w piosence (1978)
Irena Santor (1978)
Telegram miłości (1979)
C.D.N. (1982)
Przeboje pana Stanisława (1982)
Irena Santor w piosenkach Ryszarda Szeremety (1985)
Biegnie czas (1990)
Trzeba marzyć (1992)
Gdy się Chrystus rodzi (1992)
Piosenki stare jak świat (1993)
Warszawa ja i ty (1993)
Miło wspomnieć (1993)
Złote przeboje (1994)
Wiara przenosi góry (1995)
Duety (1996)
Tych lat nie odda nikt (1997)
Baśnie Andersena (1997)
Przeboje Moniuszki (1998)
Moje Piosenki (1998–2001) – a series of thirteen records with all previous recordings
Embarras. Złota Kolekcja (1999)
Santor Cafe (2000)
Kolory mojej Warszawy (2CD) (2002)
Jeszcze (2002)
Tych lat nie odda nikt. Złota Kolekcja (2004)
Duety / Santor Cafe (2004)
Embarras / Tych lat nie odda nikt. Złota Kolekcja 10 lat (2008)
Urodziny Ireny Santor (2010)
40 piosenek Ireny Santor, CD1 (2009)
Kręci mnie ten świat (2010)
40 piosenek Ireny Santor, CD2 (2011)
Delicje z Podwieczorków przy mikrofonie, CD1 (2013)
Delicje z Podwieczorków przy mikrofonie, CD2 (2013)
Delicje z Podwieczorków przy mikrofonie, CD3 (2013)
Zamyślenia (2014)
Punkt widzenia (2014)
Filmography
Awards and honors
Notes
References
External links
Official site.
1934 births
Living people
Polish women singers
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta (1944–1989)
20th-century Polish women
People from Pomeranian Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Paschim Medinipur district or West Midnapore district (also known as Midnapore West) is one of the districts of the state of West Bengal, India. It was formed on 1 January 2002 after the Partition of Midnapore into Paschim Medinipur and Purba Medinipur. On 4 April 2017, the Jhargram subdivision was converted into a district. GDP of West Midnapore district is 12 billion USD.
Geography
Paschim Medinipur, located in the south-western part of West Bengal, was created with the partition of the erstwhile Midnapore district, then the largest district of India, on 1 January 2002. It ranks second in terms of geographical area (9,295.28 km2) amongst the districts of the state, next to South 24-Parganas (9,960 km2). It ranks third in terms of rural population (4.58 million) following South 24-Parganas (5.82 million) and Murshidabad (5.13 million). It ranked fourth in terms of percentage of tribal population (14.87) following Jalpaiguri (18.87), Purulia (18.27) and Dakshin Dinajpur (16.12) in 2011.
Broadly speaking, there are two natural divisions of the district. NH 14 and NH 16 (old numbering NH 60) from Bankura to Balasore, cuts across the district and roughly is the dividing line between the two natural divisions. To the east of this road, the soil is fertile alluvial and the area is flat. To the west, the Chota Nagpur Plateau gradually slopes down creating an undulating area with infertile laterite rocks and soil. The landscape changes from dense dry deciduous forests in the west to marshy wetlands in the east.
The alluvial portion may be further subdivided into two divisions. First, it is a strip of purely deltaic country nearer to the Hooghly and the Rupnarayan, intersected by numerous rivers and watercourses subject to tidal influences. Second, it is rest of the eastern half of the district. It is a monotonous rice plain with numerous waterways and tidal creeks intersecting it. The tidal creeks are lined with embankments to prevent flooding of the fields. Much of the area is water-logged.
Floods and drought
Paschim Medinipur district is subject to both floods and drought. Ghatal and parts of Kharagpur subdivision covering an area of are flood prone. Water logging during the rainy season affects Ghatal and the southern parts of Kharagpur subdivision and results in loss of crops in such areas as Sabang, Pingla and Narayangarh CD Blocks. Medinipur Sadar subdivision is drought prone. Although the district is away from the sea, cyclones hit it frequently in October–November.
Major cities and towns
Midnapore is the district headquarters. Kharagpur is the largest city in the district. Other important towns and cities in the district include: Kharagpur, Ghatal, Belda, Chandrakona, Ramjibanpur, Garbeta, Balichak, Dantan, Mohanpur, Keshiari, Keshpur, Narayangarh, Sabang, Daspur.Goaltore, Debra
Villages
Paschim Medinipur district is home to the most villages of any district in India. The 2011 census lists Paschim Medinipur as having 8,694 villages, of which 7,600 are populated, and 1,094 are uninhabited. The district with the next highest number of villages, Mayurbhanj, in the state of Odisha, has 3,950 villages, 3,751 of which are inhabited.
Economy and politics
In 2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Paschim Medinipur one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total of 640). It is one of the eleven districts in West Bengal currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).
106 districts spanning 10 states across India, described as being part of Left Wing Extremism activities, constitute the Red corridor. In West Bengal the districts of Paschim Medinipur, Bankura, Purulia and Birbhum are part of the Red corridor. However, as of July 2016, there has been no reported incidents of Maoist related activities from these districts for the previous 4 years. In the period 2009–2011 LWE violence resulted in more than 500 deaths and a similar number missing in Paschim Medinipur district.
Divisions
Paschim Medinipur district is divided into the following administrative subdivisions:
Administrative subdivisions
The district comprises three subdivisions: Kharagpur, Medinipur Sadar and Ghatal. Kharagpur subdivision consists of Kharagpur municipality and ten community development blocks: Dantan–I, Dantan–II, Pingla, Kharagpur–I, Kharagpur–II, Sabang, Mohanpur, Narayangarh, Keshiari and Debra. Medinipur Sadar subdivision consists of Midnapore municipality and six community development blocks: Medinipur Sadar, Garhbeta–I, Garhbeta–II, Garhbeta–III, Keshpur and Shalboni. Ghatal subdivision consists of five municipalities (Ramjibanpur, Chandrakona, Khirpai, Kharar and Ghatal) and five community development blocks: Chandrakona–I, Chandrakona–II, Daspur–I, Daspur–II and Ghatal.
Midnapore is the district headquarters. There are 28 police stations, 21 development blocks, 7 municipalities and 290 gram panchayats in this district.
Other than municipality area, each subdivision contains community development blocks which in turn are divided into rural areas and census towns. In total there are 11 urban units: 7 municipalities and 4 census towns.
Kharagpur subdivision
One municipality: Kharagpur.
Dantan I community development block consists of rural areas with 9 gram panchayats and one census town: Chaulia
Dantan II community development block consists of rural areas only with 7 gram panchayats.
Pingla community development block consists of rural areas only with 10 gram panchayats.
Kharagpur I community development block consists of rural areas with 7 gram panchayats and two census towns: Kharagpur Railway Settlement and Kalaikunda.
Kharagpur II community development block consists of rural areas only with 9 gram panchayats.
Sabang community development block consists of rural areas only with 13 gram panchayats.
Mohanpur community development block consists of rural areas only with 5 gram panchayats.
Narayangarh community development block consists of rural areas with 16 gram panchayats and one census town: Deuli.
Keshiari community development block consists of only rural areas with 9 gram panchayats.
Debra community development block consists of rural areas with 14 gram panchayats and one census town: Balichak.
Medinipur Sadar subdivision
One municipality: Midnapore.
Midnapore Sadar community development block consists of rural areas only with 9 gram panchayats.
Garhbeta I community development block consists of rural areas with 12 gram panchayats and two census towns: Garbeta and Amlagora
Garhbeta II community development block consists of rural areas only with 10 gram panchayats.
Garhbeta III community development block consists of rural areas with 8 gram panchayats and three census towns: Durllabhganj, Dwari Geria and Naba Kola.
Keshpur community development block consists of rural areas only with 15 gram panchayats.
Salboni community development block consists of rural areas only with 10 gram panchayats.
Ghatal subdivision
Five municipalities: Ramjibanpur, Chandrakona, Khirpai, Kharar and Ghatal.
Chandrakona I community development block consists of rural areas only with 6 gram panchayats.
Chandrakona II community development block consists of rural areas only with 6 gram panchayats.
Daspur I community development block consists of rural areas only with 10 gram panchayats.
Daspur II community development block consists of rural areas only with 14 gram panchayats.
Ghatal community development block consists of rural areas only with 12 gram panchayats.
Assembly Constituencies
There are 15 assembly constituencies in Paschim Medinipur district. They belong to four Lok Sabha constituencies. Medinipur and Ghatal constituencies both comprise six constituencies of Paschim Medinipur district and one from Purba Medinipur district. Jhargram constituency contains two constituencies of Paschim Medinipur district, while Arambagh contains one constituency.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census Paschim Medinipur district has a population of 5,913,457, roughly equal to the nation of Eritrea or the US state of Missouri. This gives it a ranking of 14th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 14.44%. Paschim Medinipur has a sex ratio of 960 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 79.04%. After bifurcation the district had a population of 4,776,909. In the divided district, Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes make up 892,763 (18.69%) and 546,167 (11.43%) of the population respectively.
Religion
Hindus are the majority population.
Language
At the time of the 2011 census, 87.15% spoke Bengali, 6.29% Santali and 2.49% Hindi as their first language. Other languages spoken in the district include Telugu, Urdu and Koda.
Culture
Tourism
Patachitra Village (Naya, Pingla)
Gopegarh Heritage Park
Hatibari Forest banglow and Jhilli Pakhiralay
Gurguripal Heritage Park
Parimalkanan park, CKT
Gangani Garhbeta
Rameshwar Temple, near Rohini (On the bank of Subarnarekha river with nearby green forest called Tapoban)
Gourya Temple, near Kharagpur
Bisnu Temple, Kultikri
Rashikananda Memorial, Rohini
Mogolmari Boudhabihar, Mogolmari, Dantan
Prayag Film City, Midnapore Film City or Chandrakona Film City at Chandrakona Road
Notable personalities
Khudiram Bose – Mohobani, situated under the Keshpur Police Station in the Medinipur. One of the youngest martyrs of the Indian Independence Movement.
Iswar Chandra Vidyasagar – Birsingha, a key figure of the Bengal Renaissance. He was a philosopher, academic educator, writer, translator, printer, publisher, entrepreneur, reformer and philanthropist.
Rajnarayan Basu, writer and proponent of Young Bengal movement.He served as the headmaster of Midnapore Zilla School (later known as Midnapore Collegiate School) which was also the forerunner of Midnapore College.
Hemchandra Kanungo, an Indian nationalist and a member of the Anushilan Samiti.He was one of the creators of the Calcutta flag, based on which the first flag of independent India
Birendranath Sasmal, social activista lawyer and political leader. He was known as Deshpran because of his work for the country and for his efforts in the Swadeshi movement. He was born in Contai, in undivided Midnapore district.
Satish Chandra Samanta, social activist
Nirmal Jibon Ghosh, revolutionary
Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, Chief Minister of Bengal during British period, Prime Minister of Pakistan and founder of the Awami League
Narayan Chandra Rana, Rana has left his mark in many branches of Astrophysics and in Amateur Astronomy in India.
Soumya Sankar Bose – Midnapore
Mahasweta Devi, writer and Magsaysay Award winner
Byomkes Chakrabarti, Linguist, writer and poet - Kharar & Jhargram
Souhardya De, Orientalist and Bal Puraskar recipient 2021
Tamal Bandyopadhyay, Indian business journalist
Anirban Bhattacharya, actor in Tollywood movies
Education
Schools
Midnapur Collegiate School
Aligunj Rishi Raj Narayan Balika Vidyalaya
Belda Gangadhar Academy
Benapur High School
Birsingha Bhagabati Vidyalaya
Borai High School
Chandrakona Jirat High School
DAV Public School, Midnapur
Debra Harimati Saraswat Vidyamandir
DAV Model School, IITKGP
Ghatal Vidyasagar High School
Griffins International School
Godapiasal Mahatma Gandhi Memorial High School
Jalchak Nateswari Netaji Vidyayatan
Belda Gangadhar Academy
Jankapur High School
Kharagpur Atulmoni Polytechnic High School
Keranitola Shree Shree Mohanananda Vidyamandir
Kharagpur Silver Jubilee High School
Midnapur Collegiate Girls' High School
Midnapore Town School
Ramkrishna Mission Vidyabhaban
Vidyasagar Shishu Niketan
Midnapore Mission Girls' High School
Jhakra high school
Universities and colleges
Ambigeria Government College
Belda College
Bhatter College
Chaipat S.P.B. Mahavidyalaya
Chandrakona Vidyasagar Mahavidyalaya
Debra Thana Sahid Kshudiram Smriti Mahavidyalaya
Dr B C Roy Institute of Medical Sciences & Research
Garhbeta College
Gourav Guin Memorial College
Government General Degree College, Mohanpur
Government General Degree College, Keshiary
Hijli College
IIT Kharagpur
Institute of Science & Technology
K.D. College of Commerce and General Studies
Kharagpur College
Keshiary Government College
Kharagpur Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital
Midnapore College (Autonomous) (formerly known as Day college)
Midnapore City College
Midnapore Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital
Midnapore Law College
Midnapore Medical College and Hospital
Oriental Institute of Science and Technology
Narajole Raj College
Paramedical College
Pingla Thana Mahavidyalaya
Raja Narendra Lal Khan Women's College
Sabang Sajanikanta Mahavidyalaya
Salboni Government College
Sankrail Anil Biswas Smriti Mahavidyalaya
Santal Bidroha Sardha Satabarsiki Mahavidyalaya
Medinipur Sadar Government Polytechnic
Sukumar Sengupta Mahavidyalaya
Vidyasagar Teachers' Training College, Midnapore
Vidyasagar University
Vivekananda Satavarshiki Mahavidyalaya
P G Institute of Medical Sciences, Chandrakona Town
Healthcare
The table below (all data in numbers) presents an overview of the subdivision-wise medical facilities available and patients treated, after the separation of Jhargram, in the hospitals, health centres and sub-centres in 2014 in Paschim Medinipur district.
Excluding nursing homes
Notes
References
External links
Map of old Medinipur district (district has now been split)
Districts of West Bengal
, NAC, is a private junior college in Sakahogi, Gifu, Japan, established in 1967. Over 90% of the students are male.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1967
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Gifu Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
Founded by entrepreneurs Richard Wrigley and Robert D'Addona, the Manhattan Brewing Company was one of the earliest brewpub concept on the East Coast of the US. The first working brewery in New York City for decades, operations started as a large on-premises multi-tap brewpub in 1984. It was located in a former Consolidated Edison substation on the corner of Thompson Street and Broome/Watts in SoHo. The international style ales and beers combined with beer cellar style tables and copper kettles were popular with New Yorkers; distribution was then expanded, via draft horses and antique dray, into the New York marketplace with medal winning brands Manhattan Amber and Manhattan Gold Lager. The business struggled however, with a large overhead, the raising of the NY drinking age and the Black Monday crash of October 19, 1987. The doors finally closed in 1991.
Former Manhattan brewmaster Garrett Oliver went on to become brewmaster of the Brooklyn Brewery in 1994.
See also
List of defunct breweries in the United States
References
External links
New York Beer Nostalgia: the early years of craft beer
Original article in New York Magazine July 16, 1984
Follow-up: More Manhattan Brewing Company nostalgia
Beer History: Manhattan Brewing Company, A Lost Craft Beer Pioneer
Postings: SoHo Renovation; What's Brewing? NYTimes Published:April 21, 1991
NEW YORK DAY BY DAY; Burgeoning Brewery NYTimes Published: May 14, 1986
BEER SCHOOL BOTTLING SUCCESS AT THE BROOKLYN BREWERY see p 10 & 30
How craft brewing grew on either side of the country
Upscale beer segment bucking the trend.
Companies based in New York City
Defunct brewery companies of the United States
The 2019–20 Taipei Fubon Braves season was the first season of the franchise in the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL), its 6th in the Taipei City and playing home games at Taipei Heping Basketball Gymnasium. They are coached by Hsu Chin-Che in his third year as head coach.
Standings
Roster
Game log
FIBA Asia Champions Cup
East Asia Qualifiers
Group Phase
Regular season
Player Statistics
<noinclude>
Regular season
Transactions
Free Agency
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
Awards
Players of the Month
Players of the Week
References
Taipei Fubon Braves seasons
2019–20 ABL season
Alenka Goljevšček (7 September 1933 – 17 January 2017) was a Slovene writer, essayist and playwright.
She won the Levstik Award in 1988 for her book on Slovene mythology Med bogovi in demoni (Amongst Gods and Daemons). She is also a playwright.
Her husband was the literary historian, philosopher and essayist Taras Kermauner. She died on 17 January 2017.
Bibliography
Youth fiction
Čudozgode (Wonderstories), 1974
Po štirih, po dveh (On Four Legs, On Two Legs), 1996
Youth plays
Čudežni kamen (The Magic Stone), 1979
Če zmaj požre mamo (When the Dragon Eats Mother), 1981
Hiša (The House), 1981
Kralj Matjaž, kako se imaš? (King Matjaž How Are You?), 1981
Volk in rdeča kapica (The Wolf and Little red Riding Hood), 1982
Zakaj avto zjutraj noče vžgati (Why the Car Won't Start in the Morning), 1982
Gornastenisedimuha (Theflyonthewall) 1983
Adult plays
Srečanje na Osojah (Meeting in Osoje), 1981
Pod Prešernovo glavo (Under Prešeren's Bust), 1984
Zelena je moja dolina (Green is My Valley), 1985
Lepa Vida 87 (The Beautiful Vida 87), 1987
Srečna draga vas domača (Happy Beloved Home Village), 1999
Monographs
Mit in slovenska ljudska pesem (Myth and Slovene Traditional Songs), 1982
Med bogovi in demoni: liki iz slovenske mitologije (Amongst Gods and Daemons: Figures from Slovene Mythology), 1988
Pravljice, kaj ste? (Fairytales What Are You?), 1991
New age in krščanstvo (New Age and Christianity), 1992
References
1933 births
2017 deaths
Slovenian dramatists and playwrights
Slovenian essayists
Levstik Award laureates
Writers from Ljubljana
Slovenian women essayists
Women dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Slovenian women writers
20th-century Slovenian writers
21st-century Slovenian women writers
21st-century Slovenian writers
Brown-Potter may refer to:
Cora Urquhart Brown-Potter (1857–1936), one of the first American society women to take to the stage
Robert Brown Potter (1829–1887), United States lawyer and a Union Army general in the American Civil War
Results from the 1996 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 18, 1996, in the Circuit de Monaco.
Classification
Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three
Formula Three
Motorsport in Monaco
The Carroll Avenue bridge may be:
Kinzie Street railroad bridge in Chicago
Carroll Avenue bridge (Maryland), part of Maryland Route 195
See also
Carroll Street Bridge
The Army Reserve's 66th Cavalry Division was created from the perceived need for additional cavalry units. It numbered in succession of the Regular Army Divisions, which were not all active at its creation. Going into World War II, the U.S. Army Cavalry contained three Regular, four National Guard, and six organized reserve cavalry divisions as well as one independent cavalry brigade, the 56th from Texas.
Organization
Headquarters & Headquarters Troop
161st Brigade
321st Cavalry Regiment
322nd Cavalry Regiment
162nd Brigade
323rd Cavalry Regiment
324th Cavalry Regiment
866th Field Artillery Regiment
466th Tank Company
66th Signal Troop
586th Ordnance Company
466th Quartermaster Squadron
466th Armored Car Squadron
406th Engineer Squadron
366th Medical Squadron
Final Organization as of November 1940
Stationing
The 66th Cavalry Division was dispersed across the United States. The division was primarily composed of personnel from Nebraska, Missouri, Utah, and North Dakota.
See also
United States Army branch insignia
List of armored and cavalry regiments of the United States Army
References
Formations of the United States Army
"Cavalry Regiments of the U.S. Army" by James A. Sawicki, Wyvern Publications 1985 pp375-379
ARMOR-CAVALRY, Part I: Regular Army and Army Reserve by Mary Lee Stubbs and Stanley Russell Connor, US Government Printing Office 1969
MANEUVER AND FIREPOWER THE EVOLUTION OF DIVISIONS AND SEPARATE BRIGADES by John B. Wilson CENTER OF MILITARY HISTORY, UNITED STATES ARMY, WASHINGTON, D. C., 1998
External links
The Ronald Reagan library at the University of Texas
Military Service of Ronald Reagan
Colonel Julien Gaujot served as Chief of Staff for the Division prior to his retirement on September 30, 1934
66
Wang Jianan may refer to:
Wang Jian'an (王建安; 1908–1980), Chinese general
Wang Jianan (table tennis) (born 1983), Congo table tennis player
Wang Jianan (footballer) (born 1993), Chinese footballer
Wang Jianan (long jumper) (born 1996), Chinese long jumper
See also
Wang Jian (disambiguation)
The azure-shouldered tanager (Thraupis cyanoptera), locally called sanhaçu, is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in the Atlantic Forest of eastern Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
References
azure-shouldered tanager
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
azure-shouldered tanager
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Air India Limited is a private entity and is under the ownership of Tata Group, and is headquartered at the Airlines house in New Delhi.
It was previously under the ownership of Ministry of Civil Aviation, Government of India. It was incorporated on 30 March 2007 as the National Aviation Company of India Limited by the Ministry of Civil Aviation, Government of India under the United Progressive Alliance administration to oversee the merger of Air India, Indian Airlines and Alliance Air. The National Aviation Company was a government owned company that functioned under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Civil Aviation. It was renamed as Air India Limited on 26 October 2010.
Air India Limited was handed over by Ministry of Civil Aviation, Government of India to Talace Private Limited, a special purpose vehicle of Tata Sons under the tenure of National Democratic Alliance administration as a move for privatisation and monetization of ailing Public sector undertakings in India. On 8 October 2021 Tata Sons paid to Government of India and Tata will also assume of Air India Limited's debt as per the transfer deal. The remaining of Air India Limited's debt was also transferred to AIAHL.
The Tata Group requested approval from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) to merge AirAsia India with Air India Limited in April 2022, which was granted on 14 June 2022.
Structure
Previous
Current
Upon completion of the merger on 26 February 2011 there is now one primary airline, Air India, with two divisions :- (Alliance Air and Air India Express) carriers providing regional and low-cost point-to-point services.
AIL carriers connect 93 destinations (60 domestic and 33 international) in 24 countries as of February 2011.
One of the subsidiaries of Air India Limited is Hotel Corporation of India. Air India Express, and Alliance Air are divisions of Air India Limited. In 2013, it split its engineering and cargo businesses into two separate subsidiaries, AI Engineering Services Ltd (AIESL) and AI Airport Services Limited (AIASL).
References
External links
Air India
Indian companies established in 2007
Companies based in Mumbai
Airline holding companies
Tata Sons subsidiaries
Formerly government-owned companies of India
Sergei Grigoryevich Prigoda (; 4 November 1957 in Moscow – 9 October 2017) was a Soviet football player and Russian coach.
He coached Mjällby AIF and IK Brage.
He died on 9 October 2017.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1976 (autumn).
Soviet Top League bronze: 1977, 1988.
Soviet Cup winner: 1986.
Soviet Cup finalist: 1982, 1988, 1989.
International career
Prigoda made his debut for USSR on 28 July 1977 in a friendly against East Germany. He played in UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).
References
External links
Profile
1957 births
2017 deaths
Footballers from Moscow
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate football managers in Sweden
Russian football managers
Russian expatriate football managers
FC Torpedo Moscow players
Östers IF players
Soviet Top League players
Mjällby AIF managers
IK Brage managers
Allsvenskan players
Soviet expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Association football defenders
"My Happy Ending" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, written by herself and Butch Walker for her second studio album, Under My Skin (2004). Structurally, the song is written in 4/4 style and has a repeated hook in both the chorus and in the intro and outro.
"My Happy Ending" was released as the album's second single in June 2004, becoming a top-five hit in Canada, the Czech Republic, and the United Kingdom while reaching the top 10 in seven other countries, including the United States, where it peaked at number nine for four weeks. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified the single gold in November 2004.
Critical reception
"My Happy Ending" has generally received favorable reviews from critics. David Browne of Entertainment Weekly magazine commented "Lavigne herself sounds more burdened; ... the sk8erboi of the first album has turned out to be a selfish, nasty creep who ... treats her like crap". Allmusic highlighted the song as a "track pick" in a review of the album, Under My Skin. Blender also did the same. PopMatters thought "The second single, "My Happy Ending", suffers from a marked similarity to a few recent hits, notably Michelle Branch's "Everywhere" and Vanessa Carlton's "A Thousand Miles" (...) The ticklish good humor of "Sk8er Boi" has been subsumed by the sardonic regret of "My Happy Ending".
In an AOL Radio listener's poll, "My Happy Ending" was voted Lavigne's third best song.
, "My Happy Ending" had sold 1.2 million digital copies in the US.
Accolades
Chart performance
"My Happy Ending" was peaked at number nine on the US Billboard Hot 100, on the year-end of the Hot 100 it charted at number fifty-four. It spent a total of twenty-five weeks on the chart. It climbed atop the US Mainstream Top 40 chart and spent twenty-six weeks, and it climbed at number three on the US Adult Top 40 chart it charted for twenty-six weeks, On the US Adult Contemporary chart, it was peaked at number thirty-seven. It debuted at number eighteen on the US Digital Song Sales chart. It was certified RIAA Gold in the United States after five months reaching 500,000 copies of the single, As of September 2015, "My Happy Ending" has sold 1.2 million digital copies in the US.
Music video
The music video for "My Happy Ending" was written and directed by MTV and Grammy winner Meiert Avis. It was shot on location in Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Harlem, New York City. The video begins with Lavigne running down Broadway and entering a cinema (the Commodore Cinemas), where she finds the film playing is a montage of her memories concerning a specific relationship she had. At first, the memories (shown in full color) are happy, depicting Lavigne at the park with her boyfriend, as he hands her a flower and they laugh together. They are also shown goofing off inside a laundromat. However, as Lavigne sings "so much for my happy ending," the memories start losing color. Lavigne and her boyfriend lie in bed together, as she looks at him and he (obviously reeling from a disagreement) stares blankly away.
The relationship culminates during the song's bridge inside a grocery store, where her boyfriend antagonizes her, insisting that he talk to her. He grabs her and tries to pull her into his embrace. Fed up, she turns and pushes him away. She proceeds to run out of the grocery store and down the street (from the beginning of the video), and to a guitar shop where she grabs a guitar and walks to the roof of the building, where she is seen performing with her band. There, she walks past her unapologetic boyfriend without looking at him. Three other girls witness an altercation between Lavigne and her boyfriend in the restaurant and leave with Lavigne as they befriend each other. The theater film tears and the memories end, leaving the final seconds of the video as a close-up on Lavigne in the theater as she tries to decide if the break-up is happy after all.
Lavigne said of the video: "It's about a relationship that doesn't work out, and having to say goodbye to all of the memories and... all that stuff." When asked if the video for "My Happy Ending" actually contains a happy ending, Lavigne said: "I don't know if the video has a happy ending. It kind of depends on how you look at it? In one way, it is because me and 'the guy' in the video aren't together anymore, and I think that's a better thing."
Live performances
Lavigne performed the song during the closing ceremonies for the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Usage in media
"My Happy Ending" was used for the movie Bring It On: All or Nothing. The song was also used in the trailer for A Lot Like Love with Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet.
The song was used in a season five episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, "Mea Culpa" (November 25, 2004), in a season four episode of Smallville, "Facade" (October 6, 2004) and in a season five episode of Gilmore Girls, with Dean's little sister listening to it. The song was used several episodes of MTV programs Date My Mom and Next.
The song has also appeared in video games, and has been featured in three major karaoke series: Lips, SingStar, and Karaoke Revolution.
Track listings and formats
Australian, German, and Taiwanese CD single
"My Happy Ending" (album version) – 4:02
"My Happy Ending" (live acoustic version) – 3:55
"Take Me Away" (live acoustic version) – 2:52
"Take It" – 2:51
"My Happy Ending" (video) – 4:02
United States 7-inch vinyl
"My Happy Ending" – 4:02
"Don't Tell Me" – 3:21
Japanese CD single
"My Happy Ending" (radio edit) – 4:02
"My Happy Ending" (album version) – 4:02
"Don't Tell Me" (live acoustic version) – 3:26
European maxi-CD single
"My Happy Ending" (album version) – 4:02
"My Happy Ending" (live acoustic version) – 3:55
"Take Me Away" (live acoustic version) – 2:52
"My Happy Ending" (video) – 4:02
European and United Kingdom CD single
"My Happy Ending" (album version) – 4:02
"Take It" – 2:51
Credits and personnel
Credits and personnel are adapted from the Under My Skin album liner notes.
Avril Lavigne – vocals, writer
Butch Walker – writer, producer, electric guitar, bass, acoustic guitar, piano, programming
Kenny Aronoff – drums, percussion
Patrick Warren – keyboards, strings, Chamberlin
Dan Chase – drum programming
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
Release history
References
External links
"My Happy Ending" music video
2004 singles
Avril Lavigne songs
Arista Records singles
RCA Records singles
Music videos directed by Meiert Avis
Number-one singles in Italy
Record Report Pop Rock General number-one singles
Post-grunge songs
Rock ballads
Songs written by Avril Lavigne
Songs written by Butch Walker
Song recordings produced by Butch Walker
2004 songs
Sony BMG singles
2000s ballads
he:Under My Skin#סינגלים
lt:Under My Skin#My Happy Ending
James Wakhungu Situma (born 11 November 1984 in Ndivisi, Bungoma, Kenya) is a retired Kenyan football player who played for Tusker in the Kenyan Premier League and the Kenya national team. He can play as a central defender or as a central midfielder. He achieved great success in his first spell at Sofapaka before his move to KF Tirana, winning 4 trophies during his 4 years at the club including their first ever Kenya Premier League title as well as captaining the side in the CAF Champions League. He also played for Mathare United FC and Kakamega Homeboyz FC before hanging up his boots in 2019. The “Fun Fact” is that Situma served as a captain in all the club's that he traded his services in Kenya. He currently serves as the President of the Kenya Footballers Mathare United FC Association (KEFWA), a body that articulates for issues related to contracted soccer players in Kenya. Part time he serves also as a pundit and youth coach in Nairobi, Kenya running a soccer academy known as Inspire Soka Academy.
Career
KF Tirana
He signed a two-year contract with KF Tirana on 2 July 2011, making him the first Kenyan to ever play in Albania. He made his Tirana debut in a UEFA Europa League qualifying match against Slovakian side Spartak Trnava on 14 July 2011, he started the game in the centre of midfield and helped his side to a goal less draw.
Situma's first trophy in European and Albanian football came in just his second game, as he won the 2011 Albanian Supercup against the champions of Albania Skënderbeu Korçë in a 1–0 win.
Tusker
On 26 January 2015, it was announced that Situma joined Tusker from A.F.C. Leopards. He made his debut for Tusker in a 1–1 draw against Thika United at the Thika Municipal Stadium, on the side's first league game of the 2015 season on 21 February.
Honours
Sofapaka
Kenyan Premier League (1): 2009
Kenyan President's Cup (1): 2009
Kenyan Super Cup (2): 2009, 2010
KF Tirana
Albanian Supercup (1): 2011
Personal life
He is the second of three children to Japheth and Anne Wakhungu; his brothers' names are Alfred and Cyrus. His inspirations are Dennis Oliech and McDonald Mariga.
References
External links
Profile at Sofapaka.com
1984 births
Living people
Kenyan footballers
Association football defenders
KF Tirana players
Sofapaka F.C. players
Nairobi City Stars players
Tusker F.C. players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kenyan Premier League players
Kenya international footballers
Kenyan expatriate footballers
Kenyan expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
The Kazakhstan Super Cup (, Qazaqstan Sýperkýbogy) is a one-match football annual competition. The two participating clubs are the Kazakhstan Premier League champion and the Kazakhstan Cup winner. If these two competitions are won by the same team, then the other participant will be the runner-up of Kazakhstan Premier League.
The inaugural edition of the trophy was in 2008.
Finals by year
Two-team format
Four-team format
Titles by team in Super Cup
The trophy
The material is made out of jasper at Jewellery Plant in Zlatoust. The height is 55 cm.
All-time top goalscorers
References
2
National association football supercups
Old Wives Tales is an EP by Joy Electric. Like most of Joy Electric's EPs, Old Wives Tales sports a much more simplistic and minimal style then on the majority of the full-length discs. This is mainly due to Martin having less spare time because of touring and being generally fatigued from the intense recording process as well as an intentional break from the norm into a lighter, more spontaneous style of recording. Along with two remixes of songs from "We Are the Music Makers", this EP contains another version of "Candy Cane Carriage", originally found on "Melody", Joy Electric's first album.
Track listing
"The Cobbler" – 3:11
"And It Feels Like Old Times" – 3:52
"Burgundy Years (Remix)" – 4:19
"Old Wives Tales" – 3:04
"Marigoldeness" – 2:18
"The Golden Age" – 2:05
"Candy Cane Carriage (Lost in the Forest)" – 2:17
"I Beam, You Beam (Remix)" – 3:47
References
1996 EPs
Joy Electric EPs
Tooth & Nail Records EPs
Indian Institute of Technology Jodhpur (IIT Jodhpur or IITJ) is a public technical university located in Jodhpur in the state of Rajasthan in India. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011 which declares these eight IITs as well as the conversion of the Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University to IIT. The Act was passed in the Lok Sabha on 24 March 2011 and by the Rajya Sabha on 30 April 2012.
History
IIT Jodhpur was first announced by the Central Government in July 2007, although the formal announcement was made in 2008, with IIT Kanpur mentoring IIT Jodhpur . In July 2008, the first academic session of IIT Jodhpur began at the IIT Kanpur campus, with 109 undergraduate students in Computer Science Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Electrical Engineering. The institute was sanctioned as an IIT for Rajasthan, and not for Jodhpur in specific. It was after considering various cities, including Ajmer, Bikaner, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kota and Udaipur that the Prof. Vijay Shankar Vyas led committee suggested Jodhpur as the location for the IIT in Rajasthan. In late 2009, the MHRD granted final approval for establishing the institute at Jodhpur.
A portion of the MBM Engineering College under JNV University, Jodhpur was identified as the location for the transit campus of IIT Jodhpur. In May 2010, classes of IIT Jodhpur were shifted from IIT Kanpur to the transit campus in Jodhpur. In July 2017, the academic and residential campuses of IIT Jodhpur were migrated to the permanent campus. Construction of the permanent campus is still in progress.
Campus
Permanent campus
IITJ is located about 24 km from Jodhpur city on National Highway 62 which connects Jodhpur to Nagaur. The site spans over of land around Jhipasni and Gharao villages. M. M. Pallam Raju, then Union Minister for Human Resources Development, laid the foundation stone on 16 April 2013.
The permanent campus is being built on a self-sustainable model, catering for its own energy and water requirements. The campus' masterplan got 'GRIHA Exemplary Performance Award' under 'Passive Architecture Design' category at the 8th GRIHA Summit held during 2–3 March 2017, at India Habitat Centre, New Delhi.
Transit academic campus
Until the first migration of IITJ to the permanent campus, IIT Jodhpur used to function from its transit campus, at the Department of Computer Science, MBM Engineering College. The transit campus is separate from the main campus of MBM Engineering College. The transit academic campus has 20 laboratories, six classrooms of 50-person capacity and four classrooms of 200-person capacity. Two of the four large classrooms have networking and video conferencing facility to facilitate video-conferencing lectures.
The academic campus' sports facilities include basketball, football, cricket, volleyball and badminton courts.
Transit residential campus
IIT Jodhpur had set up its transit residential campus at Kendranchal colony on New Pali Road, Jodhpur. Faculty and students used to reside in the transit residential campus, which had a dining facility and a health center. It has courts for outdoor and indoor sports. There was a computer center and library annexure.
The residential campus was connected to the academic campus by institute's buses which run at frequent intervals.
Organisation and administration
Governance
All IITs follow the same organization structure which has President of India as visitor at the top of the hierarchy. Directly under the president is the IIT Council. Under the IIT Council is the board of governors of each IIT.
Under the board of governors is the director, who is the chief academic and executive officer of the IIT. Under the director, in the organizational structure, comes the deputy director. Under the director and the deputy director, come the deans, heads of departments, registrar.
Departments
The Institute has organised its academic activities to be conducted through 14 Departments & Schools. The departments are:
School of Artificial Intelligence & Data Science
School of Management & Entrepreneurship
School of Liberal Arts (SoLA)
Biosciences and Bioengineering
Chemical Engineering
Chemistry
Civil and Infrastructure Engineering
Computer Science & Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Humanities & Social Sciences
Metallurgical & Materials Engineering
Mathematics
Mechanical Engineering
Physics
Academics
Admissions
For undergraduates, IIT Jodhpur offers BTech programs. Admissions to BTech programs are carried through Joint Entrance Examination, after completing 10+2 schooling.
For PG Courses, it offers MTech, MSc, MSc – MTech, MTech – PhD, MBA and PhD programs. The eligibility criteria for MTech involves degree in BTech, B.E. or BSc (Engineering) with at least 60% marks or 6.5/10 Cumulative Performance Index (CPI) or Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA). A valid GATE score is necessary for considering enrollment for MTech program. The MSc programs are administered through JAM exam with other minimum qualifying criterion in place.
Rankings
Indian Institute of Technology Jodhpur was ranked in 30th place among engineering colleges by the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) in 2022.
Research
At IIT Jodhpur sponsored research and development programs were and are carried out in Centers of Excellence in the areas of information and communication technology, energy, and systems sciences. The French government had shown its interest in helping IIT Jodhpur develop its research and academic institute. IIT Jodhpur has signed an Agreement on Academic Exchanges and MoU with Nara Institute of Science and Technology, Japan.
Student life
Cultural festivals
The annual inter-collegiate festival Ignus, usually held in the month of February is a cultural and technical festival hosted by the student body. It features competitions and events involving participants from all over the country, and concerts by eminent performers.
The annual inter-collegiate sports week, Varchas is another event organized by the student body. It involves participation from a number of institutes around the country in various sports competitions including athletics, badminton, basketball, football, cricket, chess, tennis, table tennis, volleyball and Jodhpur mini-marathon.
Students are also actively involved in activities like dramatics, literary arts, stargazing, music, quizzing, and fine arts. The Entrepreneurship Cell, which supports the growth of startups involves the student community in innovation and business activities as well.
See also
List of universities and higher education colleges in Jodhpur
Indian Institutes of Technology
Arid Forest Research Institute (AFRI) Jodhpur
References
External links
Official website, IIT Jodhpur
Jodhpur
Colleges in Jodhpur
Engineering colleges in Jodhpur
Educational institutions established in 2008
2008 establishments in Rajasthan
Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of cross-cultural psychology. The journal's editor is Deborah L. Best (Wake Forest University). It has been in publication since 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology is abstracted and indexed in among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2020 impact factor is 2.618, ranking it 36 out of 66 journals in the category 'Psychology, Social'.
See also
International Association for Cross-Cultural Psychology
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1970
Cross-cultural psychology
Cultural psychology journals
10 times per year journals
The Twin Falls Bruins were the first minor league baseball team based in Twin Falls, Idaho. From 1926 to 1928, the Twin Falls Bruins played exclusively as members the Class C level Utah-Idaho League, hosting home games at Athletic Park.
The Bruins were succeeded in Twin Falls by the Twin Falls Cowboys, who joined the Pioneer League in 1939.
History
Twin Falls first hosted the semi–pro "Twin Falls Irrigators", who began play in 1905, playing other area teams for many seasons.
Minor League baseball came to Twin Falls in 1926, when the Twin Falls Bruins became charter members of the Class C level Utah-Idaho League. The Bruins joined the Idaho Falls Spuds, Logan Collegians, Ogden Gunners, Pocatello Bannocks and Salt Lake City Bees in the new six–team league.
In their first season of play, the 1926 Twin Falls Bruins ended the season with a record of 63–50, playing under manager Carl Zamloch. The Bruins placed 2nd in the regular season standings, finishing 11.5 games behind the champion Idaho Falls Spuds. The Utah-Idaho League did not have playoffs in 1926.
In 1927, the Bruins placed 6th and last at 40–63 in the Utah-Idaho League under managers Curly Gardiner, Phil Apperson and Bill Leard. Twin Falls finished 18.0 games behind the first place Ogden Gunners and did not qualify for the playoffs that were held.
The Twin Falls Bruins folded during the 1928 season. On July 5, 1928, the Bruins had compiled a record of 29–29 playing under manager Bill Leard when the franchise disbanded. Fellow Utah-Idaho League member Idaho Falls Spuds disbanded on the same day. The Utah-Idaho League finished the season with four teams and permanently folded after conclusion of the 1928 season.
Minor league baseball returned to Twin Falls in 1939, when the Twin Falls Cowboys became charter members of the six–team Pioneer League.
The ballpark
The Twin Falls Bruins were noted to have played at minor league home games at Twin Falls Athletic Park. Baseball Hall of Fame inductee Ty Cobb had a brother who lived in Twin Falls. Cobb hosted an exhibition game at Twin Falls Athletic Park on Nov. 9, 1915, between a group of American League All-Stars and a team from the National League. Torn down in 1974, Twin Falls Athletic Park was located on the 500 block of Second Avenue South in Twin Falls, Idaho.
Timeline
Year–by–year records
Notable alumni
Bill Brenzel (1927)
Ed Coleman (1928)
Pete Daglia (1926)
Myril Hoag (1927) MLB All-Star
Lou Rosenberg (1926–1927)
Carl Zamloch (1926, MGR)
See also
Twin Falls Bruins players
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Twin Falls, Idaho
Baseball teams established in 1926
Baseball teams disestablished in 1928
1926 establishments in Idaho
1928 disestablishments in Idaho
Defunct baseball teams in Idaho
Professional baseball teams in Idaho
Twin Falls County, Idaho
Kinnea (Irish: Ceann Eich) a townland in the Urris Valley, located in the North-West corner of the Inishowen Peninsula.
It is in the Electoral Division of Dunaff, in Civil Parish of Clonmany, in the Barony of Inishowen East, in County Donegal. It borders the following other townlands: Dunaff to the west; Letter to the south; Straid to the south and Tullagh to the east. It has four subtownlands; Rockstown (Irish: Baile na Creige), Altnacullentra, Kindrohid (Irish: Ceann Droichid) and Crocknagee (Irish: Croc na gaoithe).
Kinnea has an area of 227.53 hectares (562.23 acres).
Etymology
The name Kinnea is an anglicization of Ceann Eich, meaning Horse's Head. The area is commonly known as Rockstown. This name was introduced in the 17th century by English settlers, which supplanted the much older Gaelic name of Kinnea.
History
The townland is not mentioned in the Civil Survey - a cadastral survey of landholdings in Ireland carried out in 1654–56, nor in the Down Survey of 1655. The townland is mapped in William Mc Crea's "A Map of County Donegal" published in 1801. It is also referenced in the Griffiths Valuation of the 1850s. The townland is also mentioned in the Irish Census' of 1901 and 1911. In the 1860s, Rockstown is recorded as having a harbour.
Kinnea is mentioned the 1814 Statistical Account (Parochial Survey of Ireland). The Survey described the land ownership:"A part of the lands of this Parish (Clonmany) belongs to the Bishop of Derry, and the remainder was the fee-simple estate of the Marquis of Donegal until the year 1810, when the townlands of Tullagh, Kinnea, Letter, Dunaff, and Urrismana, Leenan...were sold...to Sir Robert Harvey."The Survey also indicated that Arthur Chichester, MP owned a small villa in Roxtown (Kinnea).
During the 19th century, there was a coast-guard station in Kindrohid. It is marked on the maps used in the Griffiths Valuation.
Great Famine
Between 1845 and 1852, Ireland suffered a catastrophic famine due to a potato blight, which destroyed the primary source of food for the poorest sections of society. There are no direct records of the death toll in Kinnea. A comparison of the 1841 and 1851 census indicates that the population fell from 241 to 205; a decline of 14.5 percent. While it is not possible to attribute that decline to famine-related deaths or to immigration, the number of inhabited houses remained constant during that period, suggesting that the primary cause of the population decline was immigration. Kinnea's proximity to the sea offered alternative food sources which helped limit the population's dependence on potatoes.
Shipwreck
A three masted ship ran around in Rockstown bay in October 1860. The crew abandoned the ship before it broke up.
Rural unrest in the late 19th century
Land ownership in Kinnea and the surrounding valley of Urris was highly contentious, with landlords often issuing eviction notices to tenant farmers. These evictions often led to violent confrontations between the bailiffs and local residents.
Evictions of tenants in rent arrears was a relatively frequent occurrence, and efforts to remove people from their homes was met by protest. In January 1881, four local men, named Bernard Toland. Patrick McCanny, Owen Doherty, and Denis McCool, were charged with having engaged in a riot and unlawful assembly. They were also accused of assaulting Thomas Stuart, a Bailiff who had visited Kinnea to serve eviction notices. A crowd of 150 residents confronted Stuart and pelted him with snowballs and sods of turf. The police, who had accompanied Stuart, identified the four men from the assembled crowd. The magistrates took a lenient view of the incident and dismissed the case.
Beached Whale
In September 1931, a large whale was beached in Rockstown Bay. The whale was sighted for several days, vainly attempting to escape the shallows. Eventually it landed ashore and despite the efforts of local people, the whale died. The whale attracted large crowds from as far away as Londonderry.
Second World War
In October 1940, a crate containing a bomber plane came ashore in a crate in Rockstown Bay. Three local men, Philip Diver, from Letter, John Devlin from Rockstown and John O'Donnell, from Rockstown found the crate, dismantled parts of the plane and used the wood and other items for construction materials. They were later arrested and charged under the Merchant Shipping Act of 1894. They were subsequently found guilty and fined at Carndonagh Court.
Binion Head Fishing Disaster
On Friday, 17 August 1962, three fishermen from Rockstown drowned when their lobster boat hit submerged rocks and sank in calm seas off Binion Head. The three men were Patrick Doherty (aged 40), John McGilloway (aged 50) and his son, also called John McGilloway (aged 24). Patrick Doherty left behind a wife and five children ranging in age from ten to four years. A fourth man, John Devlin, the brother-in-law of John McGilloway, normally joined the fishing crew, but chose to stay at home on the day of the disaster.
The men went off fishing as usual at 9a.m. and were expected to be back by early evening. Their boat was observed passing Binion at about 11am. When the men failed to arrive by late evening the alarm was raised. At around 8:30pm, the local parish priest, Fr. James O'Conner organised a search party. He telephoned the Malin Head wireless station. A lifeboat from Portrush was called to assist and arrived in the area at 4am the following morning. Later the shattered wreckage of part of the 25-foot boat washed ashore on Ballyliffin Strand, a few hundred yards from Binion Head. The search party also found three full tea flasks, indicating that tragedy struck before the men had their lunch. Over the next two days, wreckage from the boat washed ashore from Pollan beach to Binion, a distance of more than a mile.
Through Saturday and Sunday the search continued. Frogmen came to help from a Londonderry-based British naval unit. An RAF helicopter also joined the search effort. On Monday, frogmen from the "Sea Eagle" Royal Navy Unit found the bodies of John McGilloway Senior and his Son. The keel of the boat with timber from the bow was beside the bodies. A week later, the body of Patrick Doherty was recovered.
The following Tuesday Royal Navy frogmen conducted another search where the bodies of John McGilloway and his son were found. The divers located the boat's engine on the seabed off Rockstown Harbor. A rope was entangled in the propeller, which according to the coroner "fouled the engine, causing the boat to drift and strike submerged rocks". The frogmen suggested that the rope was attached to a buoy from missing lobster pots. However, pieces of the wreckage were blackened which gave rise to an alternative theory that the boat was destroyed by an explosion on board.
A relief fund was later established to support the families of the lost men.
Places of interest
Rockstown Bay - Situated between Dunaff Head and Tullagh point, the Bay has a large pebble beach. On the easterly side of the bay there is an attractive sandy beach.
Rockstown House - Built in the early 19th century. It was a summer home to the Chichester family.
The Wild Atlantic Way - A small section of this tourism trail bisects through Kinnea, largely tracing the banks of Rockstown Bay.
Raghtin Beg - A mountain with an elevation of 1,358 ft.
References
Townlands of County Donegal
Bootle is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton near Liverpool, England.
Bootle may also refer to:
Associated with the town of Bootle:
Bootle F.C., a football club
Bootle F.C. (1879), a football club
Bootle (UK Parliament constituency)
HMS Bootle, two ships of the Royal Navy
Other uses:
Bootle, Cumbria, England, a village
William Augustus Bootle (1902–2005), an American judge
Dicaprio Bootle (born 1997), American football player
Roger Bootle, a British economist and a weekly columnist for the Daily Telegraph
Larisa Ocvirk (born May 26, 1997) is a Slovenian basketball player for ŽKK Celje and the Slovenian national team.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1997 births
Living people
Slovenian women's basketball players
Sportspeople from Celje
Small forwards
Life Sucks is a graphic novel written by Jessica Abel and Gabe Soria, illustrated by Warren Pleece. It is about a vampire who works at night as a store clerk and is in love with a goth Latina woman who wants to be a vampire.
References
American graphic novels
Year of work missing
"Cutting" Ball was a notorious criminal during the Elizabethan Age. (His name came from a "cutpurse", a thief.)
Thomas Nashe mentions a ballad written about him, which does not survive. His sister, Em, or Emma, was a prostitute, "a sorry ragged quean", who according to various reports was the mistress of the clown Richard Tarlton and later of the writer Robert Greene and cared for both on their death-beds. She is said to have had a son, Fortunatus (d. 1593), by Greene.
Greene, who wrote much about the London underworld, once hired Ball as a bodyguard.
Ball was hanged at Tyburn.
The San Francisco experimental Cutting Ball Theatre was named after him.
Sources
16th-century English criminals
People executed at Tyburn
Gonadotropins are glycoprotein hormones secreted by gonadotropic cells of the anterior pituitary of vertebrates. This family includes the mammalian hormones follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), the placental/chorionic gonadotropins, human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and equine chorionic gonadotropin (eCG), as well as at least two forms of fish gonadotropins. These hormones are central to the complex endocrine system that regulates normal growth, sexual development, and reproductive function. LH and FSH are secreted by the anterior pituitary gland, while hCG and eCG are secreted by the placenta in pregnant humans and mares, respectively. The gonadotropins act on the gonads, controlling gamete and sex hormone production.
Gonadotropin is sometimes abbreviated Gn. The alternative spelling gonadotrophin which inaccurately implies a nourishing mechanism is also used.
There are various preparations of gonadotropins for therapeutic use, mainly as fertility medication. There are also fad diet or quack preparations, which are illegal in various countries.
Natural types and subunit structure
The two principal gonadotropins in vertebrates are luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), although primates produce a third gonadotropin called chorionic gonadotropin (CG). LH and FSH are heterodimers consisting of two peptide chains, an alpha chain and a beta chain. LH and FSH share nearly identical alpha chains (about 100 amino acids long), whereas the beta chain provides specificity for receptor interactions. These subunits are heavily modified by glycosylation.
The alpha subunit is common to each protein dimer (well conserved within species, but differing between them), and a unique beta subunit confers biological specificity. The alpha chains are highly conserved proteins of about 100 amino acid residues which contain ten conserved cysteines all involved in disulfide bonds, as shown in the following schematic representation.
+---------------------------+
+----------+| +-------------|--+
| || | | |
| | | |
+------|-----------------+ |
| |
+----------------------------+
'C': conserved cysteine involved in a disulphide bond.
Intracellular levels of free alpha subunits are greater than those of the mature glycoprotein, implying that hormone assembly is limited by the appearance of the specific beta subunits, and hence that synthesis of alpha and beta is independently regulated.
Another human gonadotropin is human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), produced by the placenta during pregnancy.
Mechanism
Gonadotropin receptors are embedded in the surface of the target cell membranes and coupled to the G-protein system. Signals triggered by binding to the receptor are relayed within the cells by the cyclic AMP second messenger system.
Gonadotropins are released under the control of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) from the arcuate nucleus and preoptic area of the hypothalamus. The gonads — testes and ovaries — are the primary target organs for LH and FSH. The gonadotropins affect multiple cell types and elicit multiple responses from the target organs. As a simplified generalization, LH stimulates the Leydig cells of the testes and the theca cells of the ovaries to produce testosterone (and indirectly estradiol), whereas FSH stimulates the spermatogenic tissue of the testes and the granulosa cells of ovarian follicles, as well as stimulating production of estrogen by the ovaries.
Although gonadotropins are secreted in a pulsatile manner (as a result of pulsatile GnRH release), unlike the case of GnRH and GnRH agonists, constant/non-pulsatile activation of the gonadotropin receptors by the gonadotropins does not produce functional inhibition. This can be seen during the first 7–10 weeks of pregnancy, where constantly high and progressively-increasing levels of hCG circulate and mediate production of estrogen and progesterone by the corpus luteum until the placenta takes over the production of these hormones.
Diseases
Gonadotropin deficiency due to pituitary disease results in hypogonadism, which can lead to infertility. Treatment includes administered gonadotropins, which, therefore, work as fertility medication. Such can either be produced by extraction and purification from urine or be produced by recombinant DNA.
Failure or loss of the gonads usually results in elevated levels of LH and FSH in the blood.
LH insensitivity, which results in Leydig cell hypoplasia in males, and FSH insensitivity, are conditions of insensitivity to LH and FSH, respectively, caused by loss-of-function mutations in their respective signaling receptors. Another closely related condition to This is GnRH insensitivity.
Pharmaceutical preparations
There are various preparations of gonadotropins for therapeutic use, mainly as fertility medication. For example, the so-called menotropins (also called human menopausal gonadotropins) consist of LH and FSH extracted from the urine of menopausal women. There are also recombinant variants. Besides the aforementioned legitimate pharmaceutical drugs, there are fad diet or quack preparations, which are illegal in various countries.
See also
Antigonadotropin
Gonadotropin surge-attenuating factor
References
External links
10th International Symposium on GnRH
Peptide hormones
Hormones of the hypothalamus-pituitary-gonad axis
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone and gonadotropins
Animal reproductive system
Sex hormones
2008 Rugby League World Cup Group C was one of the three groups of teams that competed in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup tournament's group stage. Group C consisted of three teams: Ireland, Tonga and Samoa. After all teams played had each other once, only Ireland advanced to 2008 Rugby League World Cup knockout stage.
Group C
Tonga vs Ireland
Samoa vs Tonga
Ireland vs Samoa
Final standings
In the 2008 Rugby League World Cup knockout stage Ireland played in the qualifying final while Tonga and Samoa played for 7th and 9th place respectively.
References
Group C
Maxwell Milton Rabb (September 28, 1910 – June 9, 2002) was a lawyer who served in various positions as an advisor to U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower, and later than Ambassador to Italy under President Ronald Reagan.
Rabb was born in Boston, Massachusetts and earned an A.B. and an LLB from Harvard University in 1932 and 1935, respectively.
From 1937 to 1943, Rabb served as administrative assistant (secretary) to U.S. Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr. of Massachusetts. In 1944, when Lodge left the Senate, Rabb briefly worked as an administrative assistant for Lodge's successor as U.S. Senator, Sinclair Weeks.
From 1944 to 1946, Rabb joined the United States Navy Reserve and served as a lieutenant. In 1946 he would also serve as legal consultant to United States Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal.
Rabb got involved in the Eisenhower for President campaign in late 1951 and worked full-time for the campaign in 1952. In January 1953 he joined the White House staff as aide to Sherman Adams and counsel to the President, and in 1954 he became Secretary to the Cabinet (or Cabinet Secretary), a position he held until he resigned in 1958. Throughout all his time in the White House, Rabb was viewed as the staff member in charge of minority affairs. Correspondence, reports, and printed materials involving Jewish issues, African-Americans, civil rights, segregation, integration, anti-Semitism, refugees, and immigration were often referred to Rabb.
Following his resignation in 1958, Rabb became chairman of the U.S. delegation to the 1958 UNESCO Conference in Paris.
Rabb was a partner in the New York City law firm of Stroock & Stroock & Lavan before returning to public life and serving as the United States Ambassador to Italy from 1981 to 1989. During his tenure as Ambassador he was accused by the actor Nico Minardos of sanctioning, on behalf of the U.S. Government, an arms deal with Iran during a meeting between Rabb and Minardos at the U.S. Embassy in Rome. At the time, Minardos was involved in business dealings with famed Saudi arms merchant Adnan Khashoggi. Rabb emphatically denied his involvement and ultimately he was not required to testify after the criminal indictment against Minardos and others was dismissed by U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani in the wake of the Iran-Contra scandal.
References
External links
Papers of Maxwell Rabb, Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library
|-
1910 births
2002 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to Italy
Eisenhower administration cabinet members
Harvard Law School alumni
Jewish American attorneys
Massachusetts Republicans
United States Navy officers
20th-century American diplomats
HOLY R' Nachum Dov Brayer (born 15 April 1959) is the Rebbe of the Boyan Hasidic dynasty. He is the grandson of the former Boyaner Rebbe of New York, Rabbi Mordechai Shlomo Friedman. On Hanukkah 1984, at the age of 25, he was crowned Boyaner Rebbe. He lives in Jerusalem.
Biography
The Rebbe's father, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Brayer (1922–2007), was an academic researcher, student psychologist, and lecturer in Bible, education, and Jewish philosophy at Yeshiva University. His mother, Malka (1923–31 August 2012), was the only daughter of the Boyaner Rebbe of New York. On his mother's side, Nachum Dov is the great-grandson of the founder of Boyaner Hasidut, Rabbi Yitzchok Friedman (also known as the Pachad Yitzchok), a son of the first Sadigura Rebbe, Rabbi Avrohom Yaakov Friedman, and a grandson of the founder of Ruzhiner Hasidut, Rabbi Yisroel of Ruzhin. He has a brother, Yigal Yisroel Avrohom, and a sister, Nechama Chaya, wife of Rabbi Gedalyah Block.
When the Boyaner Rebbe of New York died of a stroke on 2 March 1971, the Boyaner Hasidim were left leaderless. They asked the Rebbe's eldest son, Yisroel, to become the next Rebbe, but he declined. The Hasidim then asked the Rebbe's daughter Malka and her husband, Rabbi Dr. Brayer, to offer one of their two young sons for the leadership. The eldest, Yigal, who was studying to be an aerospace engineer, was suggested and then rejected. The lot fell to the younger son, Nachum Dov, who originally studied at Yeshiva Rabbi Samson Raphael Hirsch in Washington Heights & Yeshiva Chasan Sofer in Brooklyn then enrolled at the Ruzhiner Yeshiva in Jerusalem to prepare himself for the task.
Over the years, Brayer was subjected to intense pressure to accept the mantle of leadership, even though he preferred to join a kollel and dedicate his life to Torah study. Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson of Lubavitch, Rabbi Yisrael Alter of Ger, and Rabbi Moshe Feinstein were among those who prevailed upon him to accept the position, while Boyaner Hasidim kept reminding him of the great moral responsibility he had to keep the dynasty going. Finally he agreed, and on Hanukkah 1984, at the age of 25, he was declared Boyaner Rebbe.
Current activities
The Rebbe is the leader of more than 5,000 Boyaner Hasidim, making Boyan the largest of the Ruzhiner dynasties (the others are Sadigura, Bohush, Chortkov, Husiatyn, Kapishnitz, Vasloi and Shtefanesht). The Rebbe serves as president of the Ruzhiner Yeshiva now in Modiin Illit, and has built new Boyaner yeshivas and kollels in Israel, Europe and the United States. In Israel, he encouraged the opening of Boyaner batei medrash (study halls) in young communities such as Ramat Shlomo, Ramot, Kiryat Sefer and Beitar Ilit. He does not comment on Israeli politics.
Being led by an American-born Rebbe, the Hasidut attracts many American students learning in nearby yeshivas. Over the years, these students have been invited to join the Rebbe and his family for the third Shabbat meal.
The Boyaner Rebbe traditionally lights the first bonfire at the annual Lag BaOmer celebration at the tomb of Rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai in Meron, Israel. This privilege was purchased by Rabbi Avrohom Yaakov Friedman, the first Sadigura Rebbe, from the Sephardi guardians of Meron and Safed; the Sadigura Rebbe bequeathed this honor to his eldest son, Rabbi Yitzchok, the first Boyaner Rebbe, and his progeny. The first hadlakah (lighting) is attended by hundreds of thousands of people each year; in 2001, the crowd was estimated at 300,000.
Family
Brayer married Shoshana Bluma Reizel Heschel (born 16 October 1960), daughter of Rabbi Meshulam Zusia Heschel and granddaughter of Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel of Kopyczynce (1888–1967). They have five sons and five daughters.
See also
Ruzhin (Hasidic dynasty)
References
External links
Boyaner Rebbe at the hadlaka (bonfire-lighting) in Meron on Lag BaOmer
Rebbes of Boyan
21st-century rabbis in Jerusalem
Rabbis from New York City
American Hasidic rabbis
1959 births
Living people
20th-century American rabbis
Mount Rees () is a mountain located northwest of Mount Steere in the northern end of Crary Mountains, Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the U.S. Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–66, and was named for Manfred H. Rees, aurora scientist at Byrd Station during the 1965–66 season.
It is a shield volcano formed during the late Miocene to early Pliocene. The 1967-1968 Marie Byrd Land Survey found lichen on Mount Rees, but no other traces of life.
References
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Volcanoes of Marie Byrd Land
Miocene shield volcanoes
Pliocene shield volcanoes
Crary Mountains
Douglas Ireland Park (born 23 June 1950) is a Scottish businessman. He is the current chairman of Rangers Football Club.
Business career
Park is the founder of Park's Motor Group, one of the largest privately owned motor dealership groups in Scotland. Park founded the company in 1971, aged only 21.
Football career
Heart of Midlothian
Park bought a £75,000 share in Heart of Midlothian Football Club in 1982 after a chance meeting with the clubs then chairman Wallace Mercer at the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He increased his stake to be the second largest shareholder and was briefly appointed a director on the board in 1988. Park quit the club in November 1988 after assistant manager Sandy Jardine was sacked and sold his shareholding shortly thereafter.
Rangers
Park was one of the so called Three Bears who, along with fellow fans George Taylor and George Letham, purchased a 19.5 per cent stake in Rangers Football Club in January 2015. He became director of the club for the first time on 6 March 2015, during an AGM takeover led by Dave King. Park resigned after just five months on 4 August to concentrate on business commitments and his son, Graeme, replaced him as a director. Park rejoined the board later the same year on 16 November and was elected to the position of deputy chairman on 12 April 2018. He became chairman after the departure of King on 27 March 2020, initially on an interim basis, before taking the position permanently.
References
1950 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Glasgow
20th-century Scottish businesspeople
21st-century Scottish businesspeople
Heart of Midlothian F.C. directors and chairmen
Rangers F.C. non-playing staff
Rangers F.C. chairmen
Chairmen and investors of football clubs in Scotland
Bazaar Rowdy () is a 1988 Telugu-language action drama film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. It stars Ramesh Babu, Nadhiya, Gautami, Seetha, Mahesh Babu. The film was produced by U. Suryanarayana Babu under the Padmavathi Films banner and was presented by Krishna.
Music of the film was composed by Raj–Koti. Until this film, Kodandarami Reddy has collaborated only with K. Chakravarthy and Ilaiyaraaja as music composers. The film also marked the Telugu debut of actress, Nadhiya.
Cast
Ramesh Babu as Ranjeeth
Nadhiya as Sirisha & Sarika (Dual role)
Gautami as Manga
Seetha as Lalitha
Mahesh Babu as Mahesh
Satyanarayana as Ahobala Rao
Allu Ramalingaiah as Ambhujam's father
Prabhakar Reddy as Bhanoji Rao
Subhalekha Sudhakar as Mohan
Pradeep Shakti as CBI Officer Pradeep
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Bujji Pandu
Ramana Murthy as Master
P. J. Sarma as Dr. Sundara Murthy
Bhimiswara Rao as Sirisha's father
Jaya Bhaskar as Inspector
Telephone Satyanarayana as Governor
Shubha as Lawyer
Kalpana Rai as Rangamma
Y. Vijaya as Ambhujam
Nirmalamma as Parvathamma
Special Appearance
Krishna as himself
Radha as herself
Soundtrack
Music composed by Raj–Koti. Lyrics were written by Veturi. Music released on Cauvery Audio Company.
References
Indian action drama films
Films directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy
Films scored by Raj–Koti
1980s Telugu-language films
1980s action drama films
1988 drama films
1988 films
Paine College is a private, historically black Methodist college in Augusta, Georgia. It is affiliated with the United Methodist Church and Christian Methodist Episcopal Church. Paine College offers undergraduate degrees in the liberal arts, business administration, and education through residential, commuter, and off-site programs. The college is accredited by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools (TRACS).
Campus
Paine College has a campus in the heart of Augusta. Most of its buildings, including residence halls, classroom buildings, and the library, are located in the main campus area. The athletic field, gymnasium, tennis court, and the chapel/music building are included in the rear campus area. The Collins-Calloway Library and Resources Center houses the Paine College Digital Collections, which feature historical images of Paine College and oral history interviews of Paine College alumni and presidents.
A historic district within the campus was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 26, 2012, for its contributions to education and African-American heritage.
Athletics
Paine College's athletic teams are nicknamed as the Lions. The college currently competes as a member of the National Christian Collegiate Athletic Association (NCCAA). Men's sports include baseball and basketball; women's sports include basketball, softball, and volleyball.
Paine formerly competed in the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), primarily in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) from 1985–86 to 2020–21.
The college's football team was dropped after the 1963 season, but returned to play in 2014. In their first season back, the football team finished 2-8 before the program was again shut down.
Accreditation and finances
The college is experiencing financial issues and had its regional accreditation revoked by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) in 2016.
In November 2015, following an initial recommendation from SACS to revoke its accreditation, Paine College launched the "Build it Back Campaigns", which raised over half a million dollars in six months. This was to support its fundraising goal of $3.5 million, of which $2.5 million in cash was raised. The college plans to use the money to offset the debt of $5.4 million. Following a March 2016 onsite visit, SACS found the college in compliance with one of the standards that was previously problematic, leaving a total of three standards in question: financial resources, financial stability, and control of sponsored research/external funds. In May, the college celebrated meeting its fundraising goal. However, one month later SACS recommended that the college lose its regional accreditation. The college unsuccessfully appealed to the accreditor and federal courts.
The college subsequently applied for and was granted candidate status with the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools (TRACS) in 2018.
Notable alumni
This is a list of notable alumni of Paine Institute and/or Paine College.
See also
List of historically black colleges and universities
References
External links
Official athletics website
Educational institutions established in 1882
Buildings and structures in Augusta, Georgia
Education in Augusta, Georgia
1882 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Private universities and colleges in Georgia (U.S. state)
Historically black universities and colleges in the United States
Robert Henry Fowler (28 June 1857 – 11 May 1957) was an Irish soldier and first-class cricketer of English descent. He died seven weeks before what would have been his 100th birthday, making him the longest-lived person to have played international cricket for Ireland. He is also one of the longest-lived first-class cricketers of all time, having survived for nearly 81 years after he played his first – and only – first-class match.
Fowler was born at Mellifont, Collon, County Louth, Ireland, the eldest son of Robert Fowler (1824–1897). His grandfather, another Robert Fowler (1797–1863), was a deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace in County Meath. His great-grandfather, another Robert Fowler, was Bishop of Ossory and then Bishop of Ossory, Ferns and Leighlin from 1817 until his death in 1841, and his great-great-grandfather, yet another Robert Fowler, was an Anglican clergyman who settled in Ireland in the 1760s and was Archbishop of Dublin from 1779 until his death in 1801.
Fowler played cricket for Cheltenham College in 1874 and 1875, gaining some success as a right-handed opening batsman. He went up to St John's College, Cambridge, in 1875 and played one first-class cricket match for Cambridge University in 1876, batting twice at number 9 against the Marylebone Cricket Club and scoring 3 and 1. Also in the Cambridge team were later Test cricketers A. P. Lucas and Alfred Lyttelton (and his brother Edward Lyttelton).
He attended RMC Sandhurst and joined the British Army in 1878, being promoted to captain in the King's Shropshire Light Infantry in 1886.
Fowler played cricket for the MCC in 1885. He played in two matches for Ireland in 1888, one against Scotland and one against I Zingari, and then for I Zingari against Ireland in 1889 and 1890.
His son, Robert St Leger Fowler, was captain of Eton College in the match against Harrow in 1910, commonly referred to as Fowler's match due his outstanding all round performance; he is regarded as the best Irish cricketer not to have represented Ireland itself.
Fowler died at Rahinstown, Enfield, County Meath, Ireland.
References
External links
Profile at Cricinfo
Profile at CricketArchive
Matches and detailed statistics for Robert Fowler from CricketArchive
Profile of Robert St Leger Fowler
Wisden obituary, 1958
1857 births
1957 deaths
People educated at Cheltenham College
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Irish cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
King's Shropshire Light Infantry officers
Irish people of English descent
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Sportspeople from County Louth
Vrnčani is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 279 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Imma tetrope is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Alexey Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in Nepal.
The wingspan is about 15 mm. The forewings are dark purplish fuscous, anteriorly more dull blackish fuscous, posteriorly slightly lighter brownish fuscous with a bronze gloss. A slightly outwards-oblique transverse erected-oval white discal spot is found just beyond and parallel to the closing vein, rounded on both ends, gently narrowed downwards. There is a small whitish inwards-oblique mark beyond two-thirds of the costa, with a metallic blue dot below it and a couple of similar dots is found below the costa halfway between the preceding and the apex and a close series of such dots is located before the termen. The hindwings are deep purplish fuscous, suffused with dark purple and with an ill-defined paler fuscous marginal streak from around the apex to the tornus, preceded by a narrower similar streak. There is also a narrow blue-metallic line, throughout edging a marginal streak anteriorly and an erected-triangular suffused whitish discal spot, slightly before the middle, from the costa, with a truncate base on the lower edge of the cell.
References
Moths described in 1978
Immidae
Moths of Asia
For Those Who Think Young, appearing on the album cover as (for those who think young) and originally to be entitled for those who think jung, was the third album by Canadian new wave band Rough Trade; it was released in 1981 (True North TN-48 in Canada; Boardwalk NB-33261-1, US; Big Time, UK; CBS 85385, The Netherlands). It climbed to #9 in Canada on the RPM Top 50 Albums Chart on November 7, 1981 (putting it at #1 on the CANCON Chart listing), and held the position for three weeks, dropping out of the Top 50 after sixteen weeks on February 6 of the following year. It was certified gold in Canada by the CRIA on November 1, 1981. The single "All Touch" gave the band its biggest commercial success, reaching #12 in Canada on the RPM Top 50 Singles Chart (#2 on the CANCON Chart) and #58 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.
Singles released from the album included "All Touch" (b/w "Baptism of Fire") [True North TN4-165], "Blood Lust" (b/w "Bodies In Collision") [True North TN4-170], "For Those Who Think Young" (b/w "Attitude") [True North TN4-171], all 1981 Canadian releases in picture sleeves, and the 1982 U.S. release of "All Touch" (b/w "The Sacred And The Profane") [Boardwalk NB-11-167-7].
Track listing
Personnel
Carole Pope – Songwriter, lead vocals
Kevan Staples – Vocals, guitar, piano, synthesiser, producer
David McMorrow – Vocals, piano, Rhodes, synthesisers
Terry Wilkins – Vocals, Fender fretless bass
Bucky Berger – Vocals, drums
Gene Martynec – Producer
Gary Gray – Engineer
Rick Starks – Assistant engineer
Jack Skinner – Mastering
Peter J. Moore – Remastering, restoration
Dusty Springfield – Backing vocals
Shawne Jackson – Backing vocals
Colina Phillips – Backing vocals
Derek Taylor – Make-up
Charts
Singles
References
External links
Amazon.com review
Artist Direct review
Rate Your Music review
1981 albums
Rough Trade (band) albums
Kalthoum Sarrai كلثوم السراي in Arabic (25 September 1962 – 19 January 2010), best known as Cathy Sarrai, was a Tunisian-born French television presenter, anchorwoman and television personality. She was known to many French and Belgian television viewers for her role in the French version of Super Nanny, which began airing on M6 on 1 February 2005.
Sarrai was born in Tunis, Tunisia, on 25 September 1962, as one of seven children. She moved to France in 1979, where she studied child psychology before pursuing a successful career as a television presenter. Sarrai also authored three books, including an autobiography.
She began appearing on the French version of Super Nanny in 2005. The show, in which she taught parents basic child care and parenting techniques, attracted 3.7 million viewers in Belgium and France, making her a familiar personality on M6.
Kalthoum Sarrai died in Paris on Tuesday 19 January 2010, of cancer at the age of 47. She was buried in Tunis.
References
External links
The death of the France's Super Nanny - Cathy Sarraï
1962 births
2010 deaths
French television presenters
French psychologists
French women psychologists
Tunisian emigrants to France
French women writers
Tunisian writers
Writers from Tunis
Writers from Paris
French women television presenters
Ramensky (masculine), Ramenskaya (feminine), or Ramenskoye (neuter) may refer to:
People
Johnny Ramensky (1905–1972), Scottish criminal and war hero
Leonty Ramensky (1884–1953), Russian/Soviet ecologist
Places
Ramensky District, a district of Moscow Oblast, Russia
Ramenskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which the Town of Ramenskoye in Ramensky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
Ramensky (inhabited locality) (Ramenskaya, Ramenskoye), several inhabited localities in Russia
Grupo Senda is a leading provider of bus transportation services in Mexico, mainly serving the northeastern and central regions of Mexico as well as the states of Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Oklahoma, and Missouri in the United States. The company offers scheduled bus passenger service to more than 300 main routes and more than 1,000 destinations throughout 13 states in Mexico and 30 destinations in the United States with an average of 2,400 daily departures and a fleet of over 1,400 buses. It also offers contracted intra-city service to transport personnel and students to industrial and educational facilities with a fleet of over 1,100 buses. The Company maximizes the use of its fleet by offering packaging delivery services through using excess storage capacity on its passenger bus routes, terminals and sales infrastructure and, at the same time, by offering charter services, in which people may contract buses for special occasions, trips and/or corporate events.
The corporation was founded in Linares, N.L., MEX, by the Rodriguez family, and has been passed down through generations. The headquarters are currently located in Monterrey.
Bus Lines
National service
Senda Ejecutiva (Servicio Ejecutivo)
Del Norte (Servicio Primera Clase)
Coahuilenses (Servicio Económico)
Tamaulipas (Servicio Económico) (Discontinued service)
Sendor (Servicio Económico) (Discontinued service)
International service
Turimex Internacional
Services
Domestic passenger bus transportation services (scheduled and chartered)
Cross-border bus transportation services
Industrial personnel and education transportation services (contracted and chartered)
Package delivery services
Key statistics
More than 700 sales offices
Total Passengers Transported: 57 million per year
Total Fleet: 820,020 buses
Average Fleet Life: 5.1 years
Total Employees: 7,500
Emilio Rodriguez is the owner.
External links
Official site
Bus companies of Mexico
The 2006–07 Luge World Cup was a multi race series over a season for luge. The season started on 18 November 2006 and ended on 18 February 2007. The World Cup is organised by the FIL.
Calendar
Standings
Men's singles
Men's doubles
Women's singles
Team Relay
References
2006 in luge
2007 in luge
Luge World Cup
Dame Bridget Horatia Plowden, Baroness Plowden, (née Richmond; 5 May 1910 – 29 September 2000) was a British educational reformer and influential figure in primary education, broadcasting and the rights of Romani people. She chaired the group which authored and published the 1967 Plowden Report on primary education in Britain, and was chair of the Independent Broadcasting Authority from 1975–80.
Early life and family
Lady Plowden was born Bridget Horatia Richmond at Rounton Grange, East Rounton, Yorkshire, the second daughter and second child of the five children of Admiral Sir Herbert William Richmond (1871–1946), naval officer, and later master of Downing College, Cambridge, and his wife, Florence Elsa (1879/80–1971).
Her husband was Edwin Noel Auguste Plowden, GBE, KCB. He was first knighted in 1946, and later elevated. In 1959, he was made a life peer as Baron Plowden, of Plowden, Shropshire. The couple had four children: William Julius Lowthian Plowden (1935–2010), Anna Bridget Plowden (1938–1997), Penelope (b. 1941), and Francis (b. 1945). In 1947 the couple bought Martels Manor, a medieval farmhouse in Great Dunmow, Essex.
Career
Lady Plowden held roles in numerous charitable organisations, particularly those involving children. In the 1930s she worked as a leader for the Brownies, and as a children's court magistrate. From 1961 to 1972 she was also a director of Trust House Forte.
In August 1963 Plowden was asked by Sir Edward Boyle, the Minister of Education, to chair the Central Advisory Council for Education (England) enquiry into primary schools. The Children and their Primary Schools report was published in 1967 and is popularly known as the Plowden Report. The report promoted a child-centred approach to primary education and became influential in shaping education policy.
Following the publication of the report Lady Plowden became a co-opted Conservative member of the inner London education authority from 1967 to 1973 and was involved in several later inquiries, committees and organisations relating to education. As late as the 1980s she was fully involved in the annual National Residential Plowden conference. She networked to encourage the BBC and quality newspapers to feature primary education. The Ford Foundation funded the Anglo-American primary schools project, and published over twenty booklets in the United States. From the late 1970s onwards there was intense public debate about the merits of her policies. Her report emphasized the need for education through discovery rather than through instruction, and that creativity and adaptability were essential in a global economy. It insisted that parents had a right to annual reports and recommended objective testing of attainment.
Lady Plowden became a governor and vice-chairman of the BBC in 1970. She left the post in 1975 to take up the chair of the Independent Broadcasting Authority, where she helped to establish a fourth UK television service and breakfast television.
After stepping down as IBA chair in 1980 Lady Plowden went on to serve on the boards of governors for several schools, as well as serving as president of the National Marriage Guidance Council (later Relate) from 1983 to 1993. She was also president of two charities which she established, the Advisory Council for the Education of Romany and other Travellers (in 1973) and the Voluntary Organisations Liaison Council for Under Fives (in 1978).
Later years and death
Lady Plowden remained active into her 80s but by the 1990s her husband's ill health necessitated a move to live full-time in Martels Manor in Essex. She died at home on 29 September 2000.
Honours
She was appointed DBE in the 1972 Queen's Birthday Honours.
References
1910 births
2000 deaths
British baronesses
British educational theorists
British reformers
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Spouses of life peers
People from Hambleton District
Schleusingen is a city in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 10 km north of Hildburghausen, and 12 km southeast of Suhl.
Geography
The city of Schleusingen in the Henneberger Land got its name from the river Schleuse, which passes through its city districts Ratscher and Rappelsdorf. The city itself is located on the river Nahe, a tributary of the Schleuse, which runs south of the core city area. From the north, from Erlau, the Erle river joins the Nahe river in Schleusingen.
City Arrangement
The city of Schleusingen includes next to the core city another seventeen districts: Altendambach, Breitenbach, Erlau, Fischbach, Geisenhöhn, Gethles, Gottfriedsberg, Heckengereuth, Hirschbach, Hinternah, Oberrod, Rappelsdorf, Ratscher, Schleusingerneundorf, Silbach, Sankt Kilian and Waldau
In addition, terms for residential areas such as' 'Upper-' 'and' 'Lower Town, Schmuckplatz, Weißer Berg, Hirtengrund, Kalkrangen, Sonneneck, Rubetal ' etc. are common in the population.
History
Schleusingen was first mentioned in documents in 1232 as 'Villa Slusungen'. Earl Poppo VII of Henneberg built as a residence and fortification in the period from 1226 to 1232 the Bertholdsburg. 1274 was the division of the Shire Henneberg into three lines. The Bertholdsburg then became the residence of the Schleusinger line of the Earls of Henneberg.
Schleusingen experienced a first fire catastrophe in the year 1353. Further town fires in 1679, 1765, 1773 and 1876 destroyed whole districts of the city.
In 1412 Schleusingen received the Stadtrecht (the right to be considered a city instead of a town) but only in 1533 the Marktrecht (the right to, among other things, hold a folk festival or a weekly market). In 1502 Earl Wilhelm IV. founded a Barfüsserkloster (monastery) in the outskirts. During the riots in the German Peasants' War in the spring of 1525, the inhabitants, documents and valuables of the neighboring monasteries Veßra and Trostadt were sent to Schleusingen to be brought to safety at the Bertholdsburg. In 1544 the Reformation was introduced. The Aegidienkapelle of the St. Johannis Church became the burial place of the Earls of Henneberg in 1566 and of Elisabeth of Brandenburg. The Barfüsserkloster was transferred into state ownership and from 1560 it was used as a school. On 7 June 1577 this school was inaugurated on as a Gymnasium (high school) and still exists today under the name Hennebergisches Gymnasium ‘Georg Ernst']. Until 1583 Schleusingen was the seat of the Earls of Henneberg. After the death of Earl Georg Ernst), with whose death the royal line was extinguished, Schleusingen was transferred to the Saxon dukes of the Ernestine and the Albertiner line, at first under joined administration. From 1500 to 1806 Schleusingen belonged to the Franconian Imperial Circle.
Incorporations
Fischbach on 1 March 1970
Geisenhöhn and Gottfriedsberg on 1 April 1974
Gethles, Ratscher and Heckengereuth on 22 February 1994
Rappelsdorf on 1 June 1996
Nahetal-Waldau and Sankt Kilian on 6 July 2018
Population Development
Population development '(from 1960 on 31 December respectively)' ':
Main sights
Castle Bertholdsburg
Townchurch St. Johannis
Teutsche Schule
marketplace
References
Hildburghausen (district)
Province of Saxony
Anonima Petroli Italiana or simply api (in lower case) is a large oil company in Italy. It is a provider of crude oil for the petrochemical industry and a distributor of petroleum products. It is the most important subsidiary of the holding company Gruppo api (api Group), which also includes api Raffineria di Ancona SpA, api Energia SpA, Festival SpA, apioil Ltd, api GmbH and api Services Ltd. It is headquartered in Rome, Italy.
Description
The company was founded in Ancona in 1933 by Ferdinando Peretti. It operates as a strategic coordinator of all api group's activities, through the direct supplying of semi-finished crude oil and assigned in the production, the acquisition of finished products and their transport, the exchanges with other oil companies to optimize the distributive logistics, the complementary activity of trading of crude oil and by-products to clients, and the sale of all the by-products in Italy and to foreign countries. It also is dedicated to operate and develop oil and gas field properties. It owns a refinery in Ancona with a capacity of 3.9 million tonnes/year and an electric power plant of 250 MW.
In 2005, it acquired the IP gas station chain from ENI. After a few years running the chains in parallel, it switched all its stations to a revamped IP image and now supplies around 4,200 filling stations (up from around 1,600 at the time of the acquisition) with a market share of 11%.
In 2017, Total SA and ERG SpA signed an agreement with Anonima Petroli Italiana SpA, to sell the fuel marketing and refining assets in their TotalErg joint venture. Total has stated that the reason behind this divestment is that the Italian fuel market is highly fragmented and the company's expectations for profitability have not been met.
The company derives its revenue from two main sources. Firstly, they distribute semi-finished crude oil products to customers to use in the rubber and other associated industries. These products are being sold in both domestic and international markets. Secondly, the company generates income from the ownership and operations of the IP gas station chain. After purchasing 2,600 gas stations from the company ENI, API currently manages over 4,200 gas stations, which are supported by the company's own oil products.
References
official company site
Electric power companies of Italy
Oil and gas companies of Italy
Juan J. Manfredi is a [Spanish] mathematician. From 2010 to 2017 he served as vice provost for undergraduate studies at University of Pittsburgh. Prior to that, he served as an associate dean and professor of mathematics. He received his bachelor's degree from Universidad Complutense de Madrid in 1979 and his PhD from Washington University in St. Louis in 1986. His scholarly work focuses on nonlinear partial differential equations.
In 2017 he was elected foreign member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters.
He lives in O'Hara Township, a suburb of Pittsburgh. He has a wife, Vivian, and two children.
References
External links
Manfredi's personal homepage
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
University of Pittsburgh faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Washington University in St. Louis mathematicians
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Alice Walker (born 1944) is an American novelist, poet, and social activist.
Alice Walker may also refer to:
Alice Walker (fencer) (1876–1954), British Olympian
Alice Walker (scholar) (1900–1982), British literary scholar
Alice Leslie Walker (1885–1954), American archeologist
See also
Alice Walker: Beauty in Truth, a documentary film about the novelist
Philipp Adolph Böhmer (26 August 1711 – 30 October 1789) was a Prussian physician and professor of medicine at the University of Halle. He was a personal physician to King Friedrich William II of Prussia.
Böhmer was born in Halle in a landed family of well-known lawyers and his father Justus Henning Böhmer was a jurist married to Eleonore Rosine Stützing (1679-1739). He studied medicine under Friedrich Hoffmann and Johann Heinrich Schulze at the University of Halle, receiving a doctorate in 1738 after which he went to study in Paris under Grégoire the Younger and practiced for a while in Strasbourg. He returned to Germany in 1739, serving as physician in Eislebeneas and in the court of Saxe-Weimar. He became chair of the anatomy department at the University of Halle, replacing Johann Friedrich Cassebohm in 1741. He wrote a few books including a translation of Richard Manningham's compendium of obstetrics (1746) and a treatise De usu et praestantia forcipis anglicanae describing fenestrated forceps.
Böhmer married Johanna Dorothea (1718–1761) daughter of Johann Christoph Naumann, and they had four children. In 1786, he married Maria Sophie Caroline von Brandenstein (1739–1789), divorced from Count Friedrich Wilhelm von Wartensleben (1728–1798) which may have helped his appointment as personal physician to King Friedrich William II in 1787. He inherited the family home on 5 Große Märkerstraße. He is buried at the Halle's Stadtgottesacker (arch 78).
References
1711 births
1789 deaths
German anatomists
Rhabdophis auriculatus, the white-lined water snake , is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in the Philippines.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Reptiles described in 1858
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Holthuisana festiva is a species of freshwater crab in the family Gecarcinucidae. The species is endemic to New Guinea.
References
Animals described in 1911
Frances Mary Theresa Brazier (born 1957) is a Canadian-Dutch computer scientist, known as one of the founders of NLnet, the first Internet service provider in the Netherlands and one of the first in Europe. She is a professor in Engineering Systems Foundations at the Delft University of Technology, where her research concerns multi-agent systems and participatory systems design.
Education and career
Brazier was born in Toronto, and moved to the Netherlands as a teenager. She studied mathematics, computer science, and cognitive psychology at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, earning a master's degree in 1983, and completing a doctorate in 1991. Her dissertation was Design and evaluation of a user interface for information retrieval, promoted by Reinder van de Riet and Sipke Fokkema.
She became an assistant professor at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam in 1991, an associate professor in 1998, and professor in the chair of intelligent interactive distributed systems in 2000. She moved to Delft University of Technology in 2009 where she holds the chair of systems engineering foundations.
References
External links
Vrouwen in de Wetenschap: Frances Brazier, ATRIA, 15 March 2021
Living people
Dutch computer scientists
Dutch women computer scientists
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam alumni
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam faculty
Delft University of Technology faculty
1957 births
Franco Carraro (born 6 December 1939 in Padua, Italy) is an Italian sport manager and a former member of Italian Socialist Party in the 1980s and 1990s.(2013–present)
Career and scandals
Carraro had worked in many high profiles in the public and private sectors,
He was the president of the Italian Federation of Ski-Nautic (1962 and 1965). That was followed by the presidency of AC Milan (1967 and 1971).
In the 1970s he worked in Italian Football Federation (FIGC). He was president of Italian League of Serie A and B (1973–1976), and president of the Italian Football Federation (1976–1978). On 19 May 1978 he resigned to become the president of Italian National Olympic Committee CONI ({{lang-it|Comitato Olimpico Nazionale Italiano) (1978-1987).
The Totonero 1986 Totonero 1986 scandal created a vacancy that Carraro would accept as the commissioner (commissaire) of FIGC (1986 and 1987) The presidency would follow of the Italia'90 Committee (Executive Comitate of the FIFA World Cup 1990).
Carraro was president of the Italian League (1997 to 2001). He rejoined as president FIGC (2001 and 2006). In 2006, it emerged that he was involved in the 2006 Italian football scandal; in a talk with Paolo Bergamo (manager of Italian referees) Carraro declared that SS Lazio must be helped to avoid being relegated in Serie B.
His original prison sentence was 4 years and 6 months, but later that sentence was replaced by a fine of 80,000 euros.
He was a member of the UEFA executive board.
Since 1982, Carraro had been a member of the International Olympic Committee, and per IOC policy, he would be turning 80 years old which is the expected time to retire.
Politics
He was Italian minister of tourism in Giovanni Goria, Ciriaco De Mita and Giulio Andreotti's governments (1987–1991) and was Mayor of Rome (1989–1993) as a member of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI). He was also supported by actor Carlo Verdone.
Today Carraro works in Capitalia.
Franco Carraro is the protagonist of the text of a song the band's ska Roman Banda Bassotti in the song Carraro mayor, whose text is used as criticism against the former president of FIGC for the way it handles the city of Rome and for the possession of several houses also donate to his "horse" (it: buoi):
References
External links
Jonathan O'Brien, The Sunday Business Post, 16 July 2006, "The Italian Job"
1939 births
Living people
Politicians from Padua
People involved in the 2006 Italian football scandal
Italian sports directors
Italian Socialist Party politicians
International Olympic Committee members
A.C. Milan chairmen and investors
Cropston is a village within the civil parish of Thurcaston & Cropston, part of the Borough of Charnwood in Leicestershire, England. It is on the edge of Charnwood Forest, and lies close to Bradgate Park.
The village's name means 'farm/settlement of Kroppr/Croppa'.
The village itself is small, with the older properties close to the crossroads of Reservoir and Station Roads. Near the crossroads there are two pubs, The Bradgate Arms and The Badger's Sett (formerly The Reservoir Inn), and a garage. There are a number of cottages dating back to the 16th century. Cropston Reservoir lies between the village and Bradgate Park. The Victorian pumping station next to the reservoir has now been replaced with a more modern facility.
Cropston Cricket Club hold regular fixtures at their Waterfield Road cricket field.
The Rothley Brook flows between Cropston and Thurcaston, and other nearby villages include Rothley, Anstey, Swithland and Newtown Linford.
References
External links
Cropston at Leicestershirevillages.com
Thurcaston & Cropston Parish Council
Cropston Pumping Station image at ViewFinder
Villages in Leicestershire
Borough of Charnwood
The Dutch National Time Trial Championship is a time trial race that takes place inside the Dutch National Cycling Championship, and decides the best cyclist in this type of race. The first edition took place in 1991. The first race winner of the time trial championship was Bart Voskamp in 1991. Stef Clement and Tom Dumoulin hold the record for the most wins in the men's championship with four. The women's record is held by Leontien van Moorsel with six wins.
Multiple winners
Men
Women
Men
Elite
U23
Women
Elite
See also
Dutch National Road Race Championships
Dutch Headwind Cycling Championships
National Road Cycling Championships
External links
Past winners on cyclingarchives.com
National road cycling championships
Cycle races in the Netherlands
Recurring sporting events established in 1991
1991 establishments in the Netherlands
Dutch cycling time trial champions
The kan () is a traditional unit of measurement used in Korean architecture still found in use today primarily to describe palaces, Buddhist temples and shrines, and Confucian school buildings, from the Joseon era. A Kan is the distance between two support beams or pillars. 1 Kan is defined as being a space of about two meters, or 6–8 feet. Kan is also used to define an area in a traditional building, referring to the square space enclosed by 4 wooden pillars.
See also
Korean units
Ken, its Japanese equivalent
References
Korean architecture
Units of length
Weird City is an American comedy science fiction anthology streaming television series released on YouTube Premium on February 13, 2019.
Premise
Weird City is set in the near future in the city of Weird, which has been physically divided into two halves and segregated by economic class: Above The Line, populated by Haves, and Below The Line, populated by Have-Nots. Each episode follows different individuals as they navigate life in the city.
Episodes
Production
Development
On June 28, 2018, it was announced that YouTube had given the production a series order for a first season consisting of six episodes. Executive producers were set to include Jordan Peele, Jose Molina, Charlie Sanders, Adam Bernstein, Win Rosenfeld, Tom Lesinski, Jenna Santoianni, Sam Hansen, Jimmy Miller, Keith Raskin, and Linda Morel. Bernstein was expected to direct the first two episodes and Molina to serve as showrunner. It was reported in January 2019 that Amy Heckerling, Tricia Brock, and Adam Bernstein would serve as directors for the series with each directing two episodes.
Casting
On July 27, 2018, it was announced that guest stars in the first season would include Sara Gilbert, Dylan O'Brien, Ed O'Neill, Rosario Dawson, Michael Cera, Laverne Cox, and LeVar Burton. On January 9, 2019, it was reported that Awkwafina, Hannah Simone, Gillian Jacobs, Malcolm Barrett, Mark Hamill, Yvette Nicole Brown, Trevor Jackson, Travis Bryant and Auli'i Cravalho would also make guest appearances.
Filming
Principal photography for the series began on July 20, 2018 in the Toy District of Downtown Los Angeles, California. Filming took place at various locations around Downtown Los Angeles that week including the Calvin S. Hamilton Pedway and the Jewelry District.
Release
On January 9, 2019, the official trailer for the series was released. All six episodes of the first season were released on February 13.
Reception
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported an 83% approval rating for the first season, with an average rating of 6.16/10 based on 23 reviews. The website's consensus reads, "A delightfully off-kilter combination of satire and science fiction, Weird City lives up to its name and then some -- even when it retreads familiar genre ground."
References
External links
English-language television shows
2019 American television series debuts
Television series set in the future
Science fiction anthology television series
YouTube Premium original series
Television series created by Jordan Peele
Dystopian web series
2010s American comic science fiction television series
2010s American satirical television series
American science fiction web series
Science fiction anthology web series
Television shows set in Los Angeles
2010s American anthology television series
Satirical web series
Dystopian television series
Social reputation in fiction
Mambas Noirs FC are a Beninese football club based in Cotonou. They currently play in the Benin Premier League for season 2010.
Football clubs in Benin
Karaseki can refer to:
Karaseki, Aydıncık
Karaseki, Bucak
John Calloway "Jack" Walton (March 6, 1881 – November 25, 1949) was an American politician and the fifth Governor of Oklahoma. He served the shortest term of any Governor of Oklahoma, being the first Governor in the state's history to be removed from office.
Following his removal from office, he entered the primary for a seat in the United States Senate, winning the Democratic nomination, but losing to William B. Pine, a Republican. He was elected to the Oklahoma Corporation Commission in 1932 and served until 1939, running for governor again in 1934 and 1938. He died in 1949 and is buried in Rose Hill Cemetery in Oklahoma City.
Early life
John Calloway Walton was born on March 6, 1881, in Greensboro, Indiana. He spent six years in Indianapolis before his family moved to Lincoln, Nebraska. At the age of sixteen, Walton joined the United States Army in 1897, and served for six years. Walton did not see combat service during the Spanish–American War; however he did serve at a post in Mexico for some time.
Following his discharge from the Army in 1903, Walton traveled to Oklahoma Territory to make his life as a contractor in the field of civil engineering. Walton set up his practice in the thriving metropolis of Oklahoma City. Walton lived in Oklahoma City when Oklahoma was officially admitted to the Union on November 16, 1907, and saw the capital moved from Guthrie, Oklahoma to Oklahoma City in 1910.
Walton joined the Democratic Party and became an active participant in the state's political matters. In 1917, under the Robert L. Williams administration, Walton was elected to his first political office. Due to his engineering experience, Walton easily won election to the office of Commissioner of Public Works of Oklahoma City. Due to his success in that office, two years later Walton was elected as the mayor of Oklahoma City, a post he served in until 1923.
Before his term as mayor ended, Walton entered his name in the Democratic primary as a candidate for Governor of Oklahoma to succeed James B. A. Robertson. After winning the Democratic nomination Walton travelled around the state giving the most colorful and liveliest speeches and campaign platforms in Oklahoma's history until that point. In the general election, Walton was successful in his bid (despite an advertising campaign by conservative Democrats accusing him of "Sovietism" and "state Socialism"), and his inauguration and inaugural ball were just as lively as his campaign.
Governor of Oklahoma
Walton was inaugurated as the fifth Governor of Oklahoma on January 9, 1923. Walton represented the progressive wing of the Democratic Party and his policies reflected this. Despite this, many of the programs in his domestic policy (the Reconstruction League) were accepted by the Oklahoma Legislature and 1923 proved to be one of the most progressive legislative sessions in the state's history. Among Walton's reforms were an expanded farm cooperative program to aid troubled farms, a revision of the Workman's Compensation Law for improved benefits to employees, and stronger warehouse inspection laws to satisfy Oklahoma's cotton and wheat farmers.
Walton looked to his predecessor Robertson for many ideas of his administration. Just as education had been a large part of Robertson's programs, so it became with Walton. Walton passed through the Legislature Oklahoma's first program to allow free text books to all students in Oklahoma's schools and a grant of over $1,000,000 in state funds to aid weak schools. In true progressive manner, Walton instituted harsher penalties for breaking state laws and regulations, increased spending on welfare programs, and instituted a farm stabilization program under the supervision of the State Board of Agriculture.
Walton's troubles first began when he began to flip-flop between those progressives who supported his programs and those conservatives who did not. Walton began to lose control of the Legislature and by trying to appeal to both sides, lost all support. Hoping to regain his lost support, Walton attempted to gain factional support by making appointments of the faction leaders to the higher level government and educational positions. Though he would see minor success in this venture, in the long term this proved to be ineffective.
By 1921, the white racist Ku Klux Klan had grown to dangerous levels of power, which resulted in the Tulsa Race Massacre in which angry whites raged through black neighborhoods, beating and killing. As many as ten thousand were left homeless with "the official count of 36" dead. The violence continued during Walton's administration. In order to crack down on the Klan, Walton declared martial law in Okmulgee and Tulsa counties, and the suspended the writ of habeas corpus in Tulsa County.
Impeachment and removal
Walton's main opponents in Oklahoma politics were "disappointed office-seekers, the klan, and the school bloc" according to a 1930 study.
The Oklahoma Constitution strictly forbade any member of the state government from suspending this writ and the legislature was outraged by Governor Walton's action. In response, a Grand Jury was established in Oklahoma City and charged with investigating. Following the announcement of the creation of the grand jury, on September 15, 1923, Walton declared "absolute martial law" for the entire state. Impeachment demands filled the State Capitol and the leaders of the House of Representatives and Senate acted by calling a special session on October 2.
Hoping to prevent the impeachment charges from being carried out, Walton called the Legislature into a special session of his own on October 11 with the topic being the KKK. The Legislature refused to meet and recessed until October 17 when impeachment charges could be organized. Under the supervision of the Speaker of the House William Dalton McBee, the House brought twenty-two charges against Walton, and voted for impeachment. Soon after, on October 23, Walton was suspended in his office as Governor and Lieutenant Governor Martin E. Trapp became acting Governor.
Representative Wesley E. Disney (D-Tulsa), acted as the prosecutor in the Senate in its function as the Court of Impeachment, which was presided over by the Chief Justice. Of the House's twenty-two charges, eleven were sustained, including "illegal collection of campaign funds, padding the public payroll, suspension of habeas corpus, excessive use of the pardon power, and general incompetence." On November 19, 1923, Walton was convicted and removed from office. Lieutenant Governor Trapp succeeded Walton and became the sixth Governor of Oklahoma on the same day.
The impeachment is said to have "frightened" the state "into a system of preferential voting as an escape from minority nominations." Walton received only "an extremely small per cent of the total votes cast" in the Democratic primary, yet was still selected as the Democratic candidate. This perceived injustice induced the Legislature to adopt a different electoral system. Eventually, they created the primary electoral system in the state.
Later political activity and death
In 1924, the year after Walton's removal from office, U.S. Senator Robert L. Owen retired; he had represented Oklahoma in the Senate since it became a state in 1907. Walton promptly entered the primary for Senator and won the Democratic nomination with just 30% of the vote, narrowly defeating Rep. E. B. Howard. Walton may have won the nomination so soon after his removal from office because he was the only Democratic candidate to criticize the Klan publicly. However, Walton lost in the general election in a landslide (62% to 35%) to Republican William B. Pine. Leading Democrats in the state responded by enacting a ranked-choice voting scheme that required voters to support second and third choices in order for their ballots to count, a provision that resulted in the primary electoral system being ruled unconstitutional. After that legislation was passed to implement the run-off system that is in place in the state today.
In 1932, Walton was elected to the Oklahoma Corporation Commission, and served from 1933 to 1939.
In 1934, and again in 1938, he ran for Governor, losing both times in Democratic primary.
After his service as Commissioner, Walton retired from political office. He spent his remaining years practicing law in Oklahoma City, where he died at the age of 68 on November 25, 1949. He is buried in Rose Hill Cemetery in Oklahoma City.
State of the State Speech
First and only State of the State Speech
References
Further reading
Brad L. Duren, "'Klanspiracy' or Despotism? The Rise and Fall of Governor Jack Walton, Featuring W. D. McBee," Chronicles of Oklahoma 2002–03 80(4): 468–485.
External links
|-
|-
|-
1881 births
1949 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American politicians
Democratic Party governors of Oklahoma
Governors of Oklahoma
Impeached United States officials removed from office
Lawyers from Oklahoma City
Oklahoma Democrats
Oklahoma lawyers
Politicians from Indianapolis
Politicians from Oklahoma City
10,000 Nights Nowhere () is a 2013 Spanish film written and directed by Ramón Salazar. The cast features Andrés Gertrúdix, Susi Sánchez, Lola Dueñas, Rut Santamaría, Najwa Nimri, Manuel Castillo and Paula Medina.
Plot
An unnamed man (the 'Son') experiences three parallel lives in Madrid (with his disfunctional family: his 'Mother' and 'Sister'), Paris (with a 'Friend') and Berlin (with a group of friends: Claudia, Ana and Leon).
Cast
Production
Shooting took place over the course of three years.
Release
The film premiered at the Seville European Film Festival in November 2013. It was theatrically released in Spain on 9 May 2014.
Reception
Philipp Engel of Fotogramas rated the film 4 out of 5 stars, highlighting the editing pertaining the film's dreamlike structure, while citing certain lack of aesthetic simplicity and naturalness and some out-of-place character as a negative point.
As a bottom line, Jonathan Holland of The Hollywood Reporter underscored the film to be a "valuably ambitious fare which is swooningly lovely, intensely personal, evocative -- and inevitably somewhat pretentious".
Sergio F. Pinilla of Cinemanía also scored 4 out of 5 stars, writing that Ramón Salazar tells "the unique chronicle of a lost man", comparing the film to works by Terrence Malick and Julio Medem, also considering that the director manages to bring out the qualities of two of the best Spain's specialists in "trance films" (Nimri and Dueñas).
Accolades
|-
| align = "center" rowspan = "4" | 2014 || 28th Goya Awards || Best Supporting Actress || Susi Sánchez || || align = "center" |
|-
| rowspan = "3" | 23rd Actors and Actresses Union Awards || Best Film Actor in a Leading Role || Andrés Gertrúdix || || rowspan = "3" |
|-
| Best Film Actress in a Leading Role || Susi Sánchez ||
|-
| Best Film Actress in a Secondary Role || Lola Dueñas ||
|}
See also
List of Spanish films of 2014
References
2013 drama films
Spanish drama films
2010s Spanish-language films
Films set in Madrid
Films set in Paris
Films set in Berlin
Sesame Tree is an adaptation of the American children's television series, Sesame Street, which was made entirely in Northern Ireland. The series was produced by Belfast based production company, Sixteen South and Sesame Workshop. The first episode aired on BBC Two in Northern Ireland on 5 April 2008, with the first series subsequently airing nationwide on CBeebies in August 2008.
A second series was launched in November 2010, and broadcast on CBeebies and BBC Two from 22 November 2010.
Production
The project has been under consideration since 2004; in Sesame Workshop's presentation on their international projects, Northern Ireland was listed as a goal, with the intent of 'building the Sesame model for respect and understanding curriculum across the sectarian divide."
In January 2006, The American Ireland Fund provided support to realise the project. Additional funding was secured from the International Fund for Ireland (IFI) and the Northern Ireland Fund for Reconciliation. Funding for the second series is provided by IFI and Northern Ireland Screen.
Format
The initial series of Sesame Tree comprised twenty seventeen minute programmes, aimed at an audience of children aged 3 and up. Following a format similar to that of The Hoobs, it is composed of original puppet segments featuring Muppets created specifically for the series, local mini documentaries depicting a child's eye view of life in Northern Ireland, and classic Muppet segments from the library of Sesame Street.
The common area of the programme is the "Sesame Tree" – a hollow tree where children can ask questions and have them answered; the Sesame Tree is the programme's analogue to the street in the original Sesame Street programme. The residents of the Tree are Potto; Hilda and Archie, a new arrival for the second series.
All the characters were developed by Sesame Workshop and Sixteen South, and the Muppets for the series were built by The Jim Henson Company in New York, who worked with exclusively local writers and Muppet Performers. Martin P. Robinson assisted in auditioning and training local performers, who include Lesa Gillespie, Paul Currie, Michael McNulty, Mike Smith, Helen Sloan and Alana Kerr.
The Northern Irish science fiction writer, Ian McDonald, has contributed scripts to the series, along with local writing trio Kieran Doherty, Danny Nash and Ian Nugent. Each of these four writers has written five episodes each, comprising the full twenty episodes of the first series.
Speaking at the launch of Sesame Trees second series, Executive Producer Colin Williams said of Sesame Tree: "The programme continues to show contemporary life here in Northern Ireland and addresses issues such as respecting differences, sharing and dealing with new experiences such as going to school for the first time – things that are really important for young children not just in Northern Ireland but everywhere."
Dr. Charlotte Cole, Senior Vice President, Global Education for Sesame Workshop, said of the programme: "...we have worked in collaboration with [experts in] Northern Ireland, to create resources which focus on social inclusion, encouraging children to develop as individuals and as members of the larger community. We believe that Sesame Tree will have a long term, positive impact on how today's young children perceive the world around them and their own potential role in that world."
The production also coincides with Tar ag Spraoi Sesame, an Irish dubbed package of Play with Me Sesame, airing on TG4 in Ireland. The title and background music for the programme was composed by artist of Northern Ireland, Duke Special.
Characters
Potto (performed by Paul Currie) – The main character of the series. He is a book loving monster inventor who likes to "potter" around the devices. Potto is best friends with Hilda the Hare and is the cousin of Telly Monster. His puppet is the same AM Monster design that was used for Humphrey from Sesame Street.
Hilda (performed by Lesa Gillespie) – A seven-year-old Irish Hare who is best friends with Potto.
Claribelle (performed by Alana Kerr) – A bespectacled, red Muppet bird.
Samson and Goliath – A bunch of Bookworms that live amongst Potto's books.
Weatherberries – A bunch of singing fruit. They announce the weather whenever Hilda asks what the weather will be like that day.
Archie' (performed by Mike Smith) – A bespectacled red squirrel who loves math. He was introduced in Season 2.
Episodes
Series 1
The Bookworms Move House
Food for Thought
Booga Granny Hare!
The Share Necessities
Big Hare Day
Finders Keepers
A Present for Claribelle
CSI Sesame Tree
Beezer Broccoli Birthday Cake
Arty Party
Turn and Turn About
Practice Makes Perfect
Potto's Really Rockin' Pocket Shoes
One Wee Minute
Hilda's Two Birthdays
Same Difference
Potto's Perfect Picnic
Sad Hare Blues
The Goldfish Tree
A Very Special Visitor
Series 2
Hilda's Beezer Buddies
Best of Furry Friends
Let's Have a Party
Run Potto Run
Out of Tune
Super Squirrel's Super Glasses
Potto's Heard of Cows
Potto's Movie Mania (Elmgrove Primary School)
Squirrel's Day
It's Not Me It's You
Potto's Never Ending Story
Pizza Perfection
Scaredy Squirrel
Treemendous
The Trying Game
Promises, Promises
Squirrel School
The Big Sleepover
Yes We Can
Potto's Big Day Out
Cast
Paul Currie – Potto
Lesa Gillespie – Hilda
Alana Kerr – Maisie the Weatherberry, Goliath the Bookworm (Series 1), Claribelle (Series 2)
Sarah Lyle – Samson the Bookworm, Weatherberries
Michael McNulty – Weatherberries, Potto (Right Arm)
Helen Sloan – Claribelle, Weatherberries (Series 1)
Mike Smith – Archie
References
External links
BBC Northern Ireland: Sesame Tree schools
Sesame Tree at Muppet Wiki
Sesame Street international co-productions
BBC Northern Ireland television shows
2008 British television series debuts
2011 British television series endings
2000s British children's television series
2010s British children's television series
2000s television series from Northern Ireland
2010s television series from Northern Ireland
2000s preschool education television series
2010s preschool education television series
British television shows featuring puppetry
CBeebies
Thomas Vaughan (died 1696) was an Irish pirate and privateer who sailed for France during the Nine Years' War. His trial was notable as a test of English common law versus Admiralty law.
History
Vaughan has been a privateer as early as 1692, raiding Protestant settlements and briefly capturing the Aran islands. His ship Loyal Clencarty was captured in July 1695 but escaped the following month before he could be tried. He was recaptured in Hamburg in early 1696, escaped again, and was recaptured and sent to England for trial that June.
English authorities wanted to try Vaughan for piracy, either ignoring his French privateering commission or linking him to ships stolen before he joined the French. They were warned that English captives in France could face the same fate if Vaughan were tried as a pirate. English subjects were forbidden from serving foreign rulers against England, so they instead accused him of treason. The trial was conducted under common law but before Admiralty judges. Lord Chief Justice Holt remarked that “Acting by Vertue of a Commission from the French King, will excuse them from being Pyrates, tho not from being Traitors to their own State.” Vaughan argued that he was born in Martinique and was thus a French subject but several witnesses confirmed his Irish citizenship.
He was tried in November 1696 with two of his men, and was executed soon after. Their trials were conducted the same day as the piracy trial of several sailors from Henry Avery's crew. Vaughan's counsel William Oldys was also present for the piracy trials of John Golden and William Kidd. Golden's trial was similar: he was convicted of treason, not piracy, though his commission had come from the deposed James II instead of from Louis XIV as had Vaughan's.
See also
Jacobitism, the movement to return James II to the throne of England
References
Further reading
The tryal and condemnation of Capt. Thomas Vaughan - The full transcript of Vaughan's trial.
17th-century pirates
Year of birth missing
Privateers
Pirates
English pirates
People executed for piracy
1696 deaths
Holt Glacier () is a broad glacier on Bear Peninsula that flows east to the sea between Grimes Ridge and the Jones Bluffs in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was first delineated by the United States Geological Survey from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Joseph V. Holt, a member of the U.S. Army Aviation Detachment in Antarctica, 1965–66. Webster Pass divides Brush Glacier from Holt Glacier.
See also
Wright Pass
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Gigantspinosaurus () is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Middle to Late Jurassic. It was a stegosaur found in China.
Discovery
The first fossil was found in 1985 by Ouyang Hui at Pengtang near Jinquan and was reported upon in 1986 by Gao Ruiqi and colleagues, mistaking it for a specimen of Tuojiangosaurus. The type species, Gigantspinosaurus sichuanensis, was described and named by Ouyang in 1992 in an abstract of a lecture. The generic name is derived from Latin gigas or giganteus, "enormous", and spina, "spine", in reference to the gigantic shoulder spines. The specific name refers to Sichuan.
The name was generally considered a nomen nudum in the West, until in 2006 it was disclosed that the abstract contained a sufficient description. Despite its uncertain nomenclatural status, images of Gigantspinosaurus had appeared in several sources. Public awareness of this animal was increased in early 2006 when Tracy Ford, considering it a validly established taxon, published a short article on reconstructing it. Ford suggested that earlier reconstructions of Gigantspinosaurus attached the shoulder spines upside-down, and his new reconstruction shows the spine extending somewhat upwards, ending higher than the top of the animal's back. Susannah Maidment and Wei Guangbiao in 2006 concluded that G. sichuanensis was a valid taxon in their review of Late Jurassic Chinese stegosaurs, but did not redescribe it because at that time it was under study by Zigong Dinosaur Museum staff. In fact, a Chinese redescription by Peng Guangzhao and colleagues in 2005 would predate Maidment's publication.
The holotype, ZDM 0019, was found in layers of the Upper Shaximiao Formation of Zigong (Sichuan province), which date to the Oxfordian. It consists of a partial skeleton of a probably subadult individual missing the skull (though the lower jaws are present), hind feet, and the tail end. Apart from skeletal elements also plates, spines and scutes have been found. At the left shoulder an impression of the skin had been preserved. The specimen is part of the collection of the Zigong Dinosaur Museum and has as a mounted restored skeleton been on display since 1996. In 2005 Peng e.a. reported a second specimen, ZDM 0156, a pelvis found at Chenjia near Fuquan.
Description
Gigantspinosaurus was described by Peng and colleagues as a "medium-sized stegosaur". It was estimated by Gregory S. Paul in 2010 to have been about long and in weight. Gigantspinosaurus has a distinctive appearance with relatively small dorsal plates and greatly enlarged shoulder spines, spinae parascapulares, twice the length of the shoulder blades on which they rested via large flat bases. The plates on the neck are small and triangular. The head must have been relatively large with thirty teeth in each lower jaw. The hips are very broad and the low neural spines of the four sacral vertebrae and the first tail vertebra have been fused into a single plate. It also had robust forelimbs.
The skin impressions were described by Xing Lida and colleagues in 2008. They cover a surface of and show rosettes with a central pentagonal or hexagonal scale surrounded by thirteen to fourteen ridged smaller square, pentagonal or hexagonal scales with a diameter of .
Classification
A study by Maidment indicated that Gigantspinosaurus is the most basal known member of the Stegosauria. , A 2018 redescription by Hao et al clarified aspects of the anatomy and found that it was an intermediate basal stegosaur, sharing basal traits with huayangosaurids as well as somewhat more advanced traits with other stegosaurs. Nevertheless, this analysis found that it was not the most basal stegosaur, as the huayangosaurids Chungkingosaurus and Huayangosaurus were considered more basal.
See also
Timeline of stegosaur research
References
Stegosaurs
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 1992
Paleontology in Sichuan
Ornithischian genera
Christopher T. Whelan is an Irish academic who is professor and head of sociology in UCD. He was formerly a research professor at the Economic and Social Research Institute (ESRI) in Dublin, Ireland, where he coordinated the research programmes of social inclusion and social cohesion and quality of life.
Whelan is a leading researcher on such issues as the causes and consequences of poverty and inequality, the measurement and monitoring of poverty, social inclusion, social mobility, quality of life, and inequality of opportunity. His research has been published in leading journals, including the European Sociological Review. He is a sociologist, but his work straddles sociology and economics, and he was listed among Ireland's top economists.
Whelan has served on committees, including the Social Sciences Committee of the Royal Irish Academy, the Standing Committee of the Social Sciences of the European Science Foundation, and the Council of Economic and Social Studies.
Whelan has appeared in Irish news sources such as The Irish Times.
References
External links
Home page
Google Scholar
Academics of University College Dublin
Economic and Social Research Institute
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
(The Ship) is an opera in a prologue and three "episodes" by Italian composer Italo Montemezzi. Its Italian-language libretto was adapted by from Gabriele D'Annunzio's 1908 play of the same name. It premiered at La Scala in Milan on 3 November 1918.
First performance
The opera premiered at La Scala in Milan on 3 November 1918, conducted by Tullio Serafin. La nave is a work which contains strongly patriotic and imperialistic themes, and fortune seemed to smile on its first performance when, after the conclusions of the first and second episodes, the performance was interrupted by announcements that Italian troops had entered Trento and Trieste respectively, thus signaling a successful end to Italy's involvement in World War I. A myth later developed that La nave had been a great popular and critical success in 1918. The source of this error appears to be a statement Serafin made in Opera News in 1953: "La nave was received as well as – perhaps better than – [Montemezzi's great hit] L'Amore [dei tre re]. ... it was received with warm enthusiasm by the critics of all the Milan papers" In fact, Serafin was misremembering, and none of the reviews was particularly enthusiastic. The critics praised Montemezzi's orchestral and choral writing, but criticised the opera for being insufficiently tuneful, too Germanic in style, and based on an unsuitable source. The most positive review, which appeared in the Corriere della Sera (attributed to Renato Simoni by David Chandler), described the opera as a "sincere success" with the public, but also noted that the audience response had been "only occasionally truly enthusiastic."
Later performances
Productions followed in Chicago in 1919 and Verona in 1923. It was also revived in Rome in 1938. But many factors militated against the opera's long term success. It was extremely expensive to stage, due to its large choruses, extravagant scenery, and, especially, the requirement of having a full-sized ship heading out to sea, on stage, in the final act. The lead roles are also very difficult. In addition, La nave's extremely violent and aggressively imperialistic rhetoric seemed out of place after the fall of Mussolini at the end of the Second World War.
La nave was performed in New York City by Teatro Grattacielo in concert on October 31, 2012, the first time the opera had been heard in the United States since Montemezzi conducted it in Chicago in 1919.
Roles
See also
L'amore dei tre re, 1913 opera by Montemezzi
L'incantesimo, 1943 opera by Montemezzi
Notes
References
Sources
This includes (in English translation) the 1918 reviews from the Corriere della Sera, Il Secolo, Il Popolo d'Italia, La Perseveranza, , Corriere di Milano and Rivista d'Italia, as well as an extended extract from the review in La Nazione.
Further reading
Cooke, Mervyn (2005). The Cambridge Companion to Twentieth-Century Opera. Cambridge University Press.
Moore, Edward C. (1930). Forty Years of Opera in Chicago. H. Liveright, pp. 202–204
External links
Italian-language operas
Verismo operas
Operas
1918 operas
Operas by Italo Montemezzi
Operas based on plays
Opera world premieres at La Scala
Operas set in Italy
Operas based on works by Gabriele D'Annunzio
Khedivate's Somali Coast was a short-lived dominion of the Khedivate of Egypt over a few ports of the northern Somali coast. It came about when in 1874 Isma'il Pasha ordered the dispatch of two warships and three Khedival ships of the line towards the northern Somali coast. Ten years later, due to an internal rebellion in the Egyptian khedivate's mainland territories, it was forced to abandon its Somali territories in 1884, and Britain began to take over these ports. Controversies which existed during Egyptian administration included the payment of port duties by the Khedivate to the Ottomans, the inspection of the status of slave trade, and the demarcation of territory with the French Somali Coast as well as the Abyssinian towards the west.
See also
Garissa
References
Egypt under the Muhammad Ali dynasty
History of Somalia
I've Never Seen Star Wars may refer to:
I've Never Seen Star Wars (radio series), a BBC Radio 4 comedy chat show presented by Marcus Brigstocke, in which celebrity guest try new experiences.
I've Never Seen Star Wars (TV series), a television version of the original radio show, broadcast on BBC Four''.
Frederick Creighton Wellman (born on January 3, 1873 near Kansas City, Missouri; died September 3, 1960 Chapel Hill, North Carolina) was an American physician specialising in tropical medicine, scientist, author, playwright, teacher, artist and engineer. As an author he wrote under the pseudonyms Cyril Kay-Scott and Richard Irving Carson. His colorful life led to the epithet "the Casanova of Tropical Medicine".
Early life and education
Frederick Creighton Wellman was born on January 3, 1873 in Independence, Missouri, his father was Wheeler Montgomery Wellman and his mother was Nellie Jane, née Blake. He attended the Central High School, Kansas City before going on to study medicine at the Medical Department, University of Kansas, Kansas City in 1894 conducting his clinical studies at Rush and Cook County hospitals in Chicago. He also studied Natural science and social science at the University of Chicago before moving to England to study clinical pathology at various hospitals and tropical medicine and hygiene at the London School of Tropical Medicine where he achieved a diploma in 1904. He also appears to have studied at the Chicago Theological Seminary for a Bachelor of Divinity degree with a thesis entitled Physical obstacles to evangelization which was completed in 1895.
Portuguese West Africa and Tulane
In 1896 he took up a post in Portuguese West Africa as a medical missionary for a British charity, in the travelling with his first wife, Lydia Jeanette Isely (1869-1948), where he remained for nine years. During his time in Portuguese West Africa he was said to have "gone native", to the horror of the missionaries he was working alongside. In 1907 Wellman was involved, as a scientist, in the exploration of the route of the Benguela railway. In Africa he undertook research, publishing many papers and he had a correspondence with the American Society of Tropical Medicine. After leaving Africa he returned to London where he studied entomology and soon he had gained some renown in that field. From 1909-1911 he was a professor of tropical medicine at the Oakland (California) College of Medicine. By 1911 Lydia and Wellman, who by now had four children were divorced. He married his second wife, the concert pianist Edna Willis, at Buffalo, New York in 1908. He also travelled to Honduras in 1912 where he met and befriended Seely Dunn, a railroad engineer who was constructing a railroad in that country for the United Fruit Company. That year he published a paper entitled The New Orleans School of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene in the American Journal of Epidemiology under the name "Dr Creighton Wellman", this paper set out a plan for the creation of a new independent school of public health. Wellman had been appointed chair of tropical medicine and hygiene at Tulane in 1911. The founding of a school of tropical medicine and hygiene at Tulane was largely funded by the American Society of Tropical Medicine and it was largely funded by a donation of US$25,000 by the businessman Samuel Zemurray. However, Wellman unexpectedly departed this post on December 26, 1913, when he suddenly eloped with the then 20 year old Elsie Dunn, the daughter of his friend from Honduras, Seely Dunn. The couple moved to New York City where the adopted the aliases of Cyril Kay-Scott and Evelyn Scott. Wellman was editor of the American Journal of Tropical Diseases and Preventive Medicine from 1913 to 1915.
Brazil
As Elsie was a minor, and Wellman had travelled state lines over with her, the Dunns reported him to the police so soon after they got to New York, they fled to London living for a time in Bloomsbury as husband and wife. At some point Wellman realized that they were about to be recognized and he was able to persuade the British Museum to send him to South America to collect insect specimens. The couple took a steamer from Southampton to Rio de Janeiro. However he was unable to fulfil his commitment to the Museum as it would give his identity away. Wellman was able to obtain a position as a bookkeeper at a shop selling Singer Sewing Machines. While in Brazil they lived in poverty, staying for six years and while there where Elsie gave birth to their son Creighton Scott. This period is recounted in Escapade a memoir Elsie wrote under her pseudonym of Evelyn Scott While in Brazil Wellman completed the manuscript of his novel Blind Mice, which was not published until 1921. At the shop, helped by his ability to speak Portuguese and his reporting of the manager's embezzlement, he gained promotion to auditor and then to superintendent which meant that the couple to move to Natal, where Creighton “Jigg” Scott was born on October 26, 1914. Maud Dunn, Elsie's mother, had by this time arrived in Brazil on a one-way ticket paid for by Seely Dunn who then divorced Maud for desertion. The family, now including Elsie's mother, relocated to a sheep ranch located in an isolated rural area where the couple both began to compose poems and prose, for publication at home in the United States. They abandoned the ranch in 1917 to move to Villa Nova where Wellman had gained a position in a manganese prospecting with the International Ore Corporation and in 1919 they went back to New York to get medical treatment for Elsie.
Career as an artist
As the Scotts, they lived in Greenwich Village for two years where they were able to interact with other writers. "Cyril" and "Evelyn" maintained their writing but the relationship was in difficulties and the couple separated. Wellman's novels were critically acclaimed but they were not commercially successful and he found himself in some debt and, to try and improve his situation, he tried to reconcile with Evelyn. In 1922, the couple were living in Bermuda and were hosts to the artist Owen Merton who encouraged Wellman to take up watercolors while at the same time carrying on an affair with Evelyn. The following year the couple toured Europe but became more estranged. In Paris, Wellman studied art and lived as a successful artist, embarking on an affair with a woman known as Madame Elise which ended when his lover suddenly died. Wellman then returned to America with his son Creighton to legally dissolve their common-law marriage relationship with Evelyn, he achieved this through some form of divorce proceedings in Chihuahua, Mexico in 1928. However the two remained close and Wellman wrote admiringly of her in his autobiography. He began to work as an art teacher, establishing an art school in Santa Fe, New Mexico which was taken over by the University of Denver as a summer school in 1931 and he was appointed as director of the Denver Art Museum, going on to become the Dean of the College of Fine Arts at the University of Denver, a position he held until at least 1934. While he was in Santa Fe he married the children's author Phyllis Crawford, who was then a writer for the New Yorker Magazine. They were divorced in 1931.
Later life
Wellman worked for a while on a project for the New Deal era Works Progress Administration with Creighton before he finally retired. In 1943 he published his first autobiography Life is Too Short which was dedicated to his children and grandchildren. He died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina on September 3, 1960. His colorful private life, involving no less than four marriages and one elopement has led to him being dubbed the "Casanova of tropical medicine".
Family
He married at least four times, if the apparently common law relationship with Evelyn Scott is included. With his first wife, Lydia, he had four children. Two of his sons with Lydia, Paul Wellman and Manly Wade Wellman were notable authors, the other Frederick Lovejoy Wellman became a respected phytopathologist and their daughter Alice Wellman Harris was also an author of children's books and theater director and producer. He had one child with Evelyn Scott, Creighton "Jigg" Scott (1914-1965). Wellman was one of the few people to gain the distinction of being listed in the American Who's Who under two names, Frederick Creighton Wellman and Cyril Kay-Scott. At some point he did legally change his name to Cyril Kay-Scott.
Bibliography
As Cyril Kay Scott Wellman published the following books:
Blind Mice George H. Doran Company, New York, c. 1921 (321pp)
Sinbad a romance Thomas Seltzer, New York, 1923 (282pp)
Siren Faber & Gwyer, London, 1925 (287pp)
Life is too short J.B. Lippincott Company, Philadelphia & New York, 1943
References
American tropical physicians
American entomologists
University of Kansas alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Alumni of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine
Thomas Haines Dudley (1819-1893) was consul of the United States of America in Liverpool during the American Civil War. He was instrumental in leading efforts by the Federal Government to prevent British involvement in the war, and in particular in preventing blockade runners from Liverpool, such as the CSS Alabama, from assisting the Confederate war effort.
Early life
Family and childhood
Thomas Haines Dudley was born in Burlington County New Jersey on October 9, 1819 to Evan and Ann Dudley. Evan Dudley died when Haines Dudley was two years old. He was raised as a quaker by his mother. Dudley was the youngest of four children.
Marriage and children
On March 4, 1846 Dudley married Emaline Matlack. They had four children together named Edward, Mary, Ellen and Henry. The youngest, named after Dudley's idol, Henry Clay, died at the age of two.
Early career
Dudley began his career as a school teacher and later began to study law under William N. Jeffers in Camden, New Jersey. He was admitted to the bar in 1845. As a lawyer he was active in anti-slavery affairs. His first case found him disguising himself as a slave trader to retrieve a free black mother and her children from southern slaveholders. Dudley was successful in his rescue attempt and was assisted by funds amassed by The Society of Friends, a Quaker organization located in Camden. By 1850, Dudley had held more prominent local positions like the city treasurer of Camden, the city solicitor, and chairman of the New Jersey executive committee for the Republican Party.
Health
In March 1856, when he was 37 years old, Dudley was involved in an accident involving a fire aboard the Steamboat New Jersey. As a result of this fire, fifty people died. When Dudley was pulled from the steamboat, he was near death. While he did ultimately recover, he was plagued by health and nervous system issues for the duration of his life. These health issues ultimately contributed to his decision to be stationed in Liverpool for his tenure as consul.
Political contributions
In 1852 Dudley was appointed as a member of the Whig State Executive Committee and contributed to Winfield Scott's campaign. By 1860 he had become chairman of the Republican State Executive Committee of New Jersey. Dudley was eventually chosen as delegate-at-large for New Jersey at the Republican Convention in 1860. Dudley campaigned for Abraham Lincoln and worked to persuade the delegates from New Jersey to vote for Lincoln. Dudley, a Republican who fought for the protective tariff plank and was against slavery, was pivotal in the election of Abraham Lincoln and according to David Davis, another member of the Republican State Executive Committee stated, “Few men … deserve more at the hands of the administration.” Another New Jersey delegate, Charles P. Smith, also stated that, “as a fact beyond contradiction, that had it not been for [Dudley's] services, Mr. Lincoln would not have been nominated.”
American Civil War
Appointment as Consul
After Abraham Lincoln's election as president he offered Dudley the choice between an official appointment as Minister of Japan or Consul at Liverpool. Lincoln hoped that Dudley would take the post as Minister of Japan because he planned to appoint Gustave Koerner to the Consulship at Liverpool. Ultimately, Dudley chose the Consul at Liverpool because of the availability of superior medical advice that he needed for the duration of his life as a result of the steamboat accident in 1856. Dudley and his family traveled to Liverpool on the steamer Africa and arrived on November 19, 1861. He assumed his duties on November 20, 1861. He appointed Henry Wilding as his Vice Consul.
Spy efforts during the War
During the American Civil War (1861–65), consul Dudley made strenuous efforts to prevent ships from Liverpool from breaking the United States Navy blockade of Confederate ports. Upon his arrival to Liverpool, the steamship Oreto was the first ship he noticed that had Confederate ties. He sent proof that the Oreto was owned by the Confederates to William H. Seward and Charles Francis Adams.
Great Britain remained officially neutral throughout the war but there were many Confederate sympathizers in Liverpool. The commerce raider CSS Alabama was a screw sloop-of-war built for the Confederate States Navy at Birkenhead in Merseyside in 1862 by John Laird Sons and Company. She was eventually sunk by the in 1864.
As Consul Dudley was responsible for reporting over 120 suspicious steamers to the United States in addition to a large number of sailing vessels.
The British required proof of Dudley's allegations that there were ships being built to aid the Confederates. One of Dudley's tasks, as Consul, was to provide this proof and prepare the legal case. He used affidavits as his primary source of evidence. These affidavits specified the features of the questionable ships to determine if they were made for war, and confirmed that James D. Bulloch had a connection with the Confederate government and played a role in the materials that were used on the boats in the shipyards. Dudley also hired a private investigator, Matthew Maguire. In his role, Maguire would locate citizens like Clarence Randolph Yonge, the paymaster on the USS Alabama, to testify as witnesses in the legal cases. Through Dudley's legal work, he was responsible for the detainment of many prominent Confederate ships housed in the Liverpool shipyards like the U.S.S. Alabama and the gunboat Alexandria.
Dudley wished to retire after the war and return to his law practice in New Jersey, but such was his knowledge of Confederate assets in Liverpool that he stayed on as consul, seizing Confederate ships and returning the proceeds of sale to the victorious United States Government. Relations between Britain and the United States were tense after the war, in part because of the role of Liverpool blockade runners and the widespread perception in America that Britain had been sympathetic to the defeated Confederacy. The claims arising out of these disputes, especially the Alabama Claims, would not be settled until the 1871 Treaty of Washington.
Post Civil War
Thomas Haines Dudley submitted his resignation to the state department in the fall of 1872. Upon his return to the United States he opened a law practice with his son Edward and also served as president of multiple companies including the Pittsburgh, Titusville, and Buffalo Railroads as well as the New Jersey Mining Company and the Bar Association of Camden. Dudley served on the boards of the Camden, Atlantic, and West Jersey Railroad as well as the Camden and Philadelphia Ferry Company and was the first vice president of the American Protective Tariff League. In 1880, he was elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society.
Death
Thomas Haines Dudley died at the age of 73 on April 15, 1893 of a massive heart attack in Broad Street Station in Philadelphia. Upon his death his eulogy, published by the Camden Post stated:Deeply religious in the Quaker sense, which makes each man alone responsible to his Maker and not to conventional ceremony, he was more spiritual minded than a practical prosaic lawyer and man of affairs would be taken to be, but never wore his heart upon his sleeve save to familiars. Hated by many through the prejudice and misconception engendered in political strife (as strong characters often are), misunderstood by many more because he would not stoop to conquer, he pursued the even tenor of his way in the respect and love of his confidants. Rarely heading public subscriptions, he was instant in good ways and works, and most of his generous benefactions were only known to the needy recipients.
References
External links
Genealogy and siblings at Geni.com
Gravesite at Findagrave.
Image of the restored consular eagle at Les Auld Photography, Retrieved July 12, 2010
19th-century American diplomats
United States consuls in Liverpool
1819 births
1893 deaths
Thomas Henry Armstrong (born 2 April 1857, Dublin - died 23 March 1930) was a bishop of the Church of England in Australia (now the Anglican Church of Australia).
Education
He was educated at Geelong Grammar School, The Geelong College and Trinity College (University of Melbourne) (BA 1880, MA 1883). He was ordained deacon by Bishop James Moorhouse in December 1880 and priest in 1881,
Ordained ministry
He was curated of Christ Church, St Kilda (1881–83) and Christ Church, Hawthorn (1883), first vicar of St Columb's, Hawthorn (1883–94), and Archdeacon of Gippsland (1894–1902). He was a rural dean of Sale (1896–99), and a canon of St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne and examining chaplain to the Bishop of Melbourne (1899–1902).
On 24 February 1902 he was consecrated as the first Bishop of Wangaratta. During his tenure the bishop's lodge was built, St Columb's Hall for the education of clergy established and a cathedral partially completed.
In 1903 he was awarded an honorary DD by the University of Trinity College, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
He retired on 31 March 1927 and became acting incumbent of St John's Toorak and was president of the Melbourne College of Divinity in 1930.
Family
He married Marion Ruth Henty on 19 May 1892.
Sources
1857 births
1930 deaths
Christian clergy from Dublin (city)
Anglican bishops of Wangaratta
Wangaratta
People educated at Geelong Grammar School
People educated at Geelong College
People educated at Trinity College (University of Melbourne)
University of Melbourne alumni
Irish emigrants to colonial Australia
The Jensen FF is a four-wheel drive grand tourer produced by British car manufacturer Jensen Motors between 1966 and 1971. It was the first non all-terrain production car equipped with four-wheel drive and an anti-lock braking system. The powertrain was sourced from Chrysler, installing the second generation V8 engine and 3-speed TorqueFlite A727 automatic transmission.
The use of four-wheel drive in a passenger car preceded the successful AMC Eagle by thirteen years, the Audi Quattro by fourteen years, and the Subaru Leone by five years. The Dunlop Maxaret mechanical anti-lock braking system had previously been used only on aircraft, lorries, and racing cars. An experimental version was first fitted to the earlier Jensen C-V8, but this did not go into production.
The letters FF stand for Ferguson Formula, after Ferguson Research Ltd., who invented the car's four-wheel drive system. The FF is related to the similar-looking, rear-wheel drive Jensen Interceptor, but is longer, and mechanically very different.
Standard FF features included front seat belts, a tachometer, and map pockets.
Reception and sales
Although it was a highly innovative vehicle in a technical sense, the FF was not commercially successful. Its price was high — about 30% higher than the Jensen Interceptor, and more than that of luxury GTs from much more prestigious makers. In the UK a reputed 320 to 330 examples of the Jensen FF V8 model were made by Jensen Motors Limited according to The Jensen Owners Club.
The FF also suffered from a design problem, and not one easily cured: the system was set up for a driver in the right-hand seat, and no considerations had been made to making it left-hand drive. In particular, the central transfer case and both propeller shafts protruded into the left-hand seat space. The steering gear and brake servo were fitted on the right-hand side, and there was no space for them on the left. By the early 1970s, Jensen's primary markets were in overseas markets where cars were driven on the right-hand side of the road. The FF could not be sold in the United States.
Appearance
The FF may be distinguished from the Interceptor by a few styling cues, the most obvious being the twin (rather than single) diagonal air vents on the front wing, just rear of the wheel-arches. The frontal appearance was revised in September 1968.
Only coupés were made; there were no convertibles.
Derivatives
One experimental Ferguson FF was built in 1968 with a 7-litre (426 cubic inch) Hemi engine imported from Chrysler in the U.S. Further Hemi engine equipped models were not built, due to the limits of the suspension at extremely high speeds, and the cost of importing the Hemi engine into Britain, which was deemed too great.
An "SP FF" version is rumoured to have been made at some point in the production run. This version was equipped with a 7.2-litre (440 cubic inch) engine with a "Six Pack" induction system (three 2-barrel carburettors) as well as four-wheel drive. Less than ten are thought to have been built.
Models
Dinky Toys produced a die-cast model of the FF, available in both ready-constructed and kit form. Playart also produced a 1:64 scale FF, possibly scaled down from the Dinky model.
The Dinky car had opening doors and both the Playart and Dinky models featured an opening bonnet (hood).
References
External links
History and photographs
/ Enthusiast's website pre-2005
Dedicated website
FF
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 1966
1970s cars
Grand tourers
Arena Randers is a complex of sports facilities, located in Randers, Denmark
The hall's history goes back to 1952, when Randers Freja constructed Annex Hall. The ground was provided by Randers Municipality, which in 1962 took over the hall. It was also the municipality that paid for the construction of the Randershallen, which was completed in 1972 and cost 9 million. kr. to construct. The hall has over the years laid floor for everything from boxing handball matches to consumer fairs. The third hall simply called Hall 3, was inaugurated in 2007. Today the hall is run by the private institution Randers Sports centers, which also owns other halls in the city.
The energy Company Elro bought in 2006 a name sponsorship, and the hall was therefore called Elro Arena until 2011. From 2011 goes the halls under the name Skyline Arena
Sources and external references
Arena Randers' homesite (Danish)
Randershallen that was to Elro Arena Randers Amtsavis December 23, 2010 (Danish)
Handball venues in Denmark
The R730 road is a regional road in County Wexford, Ireland. From its junction with the R702 in Kiltealy it takes a southeasterly route to its junction with the R741 in the centre of Wexford Town, continuing south to Blackhorse to its junction on a roundabout with the N25 Wexford bypass. En route it crosses the N30 national primary road. The road is long.
The road has subsumed short sections of the N11 and N25 which formerly passed through Wexford Town, prior to the opening of the Wexford bypass. This section of the road also formed part of the former Trunk Road, T8.
See also
Roads in Ireland
Motorways in the Republic of Ireland
National primary road
National secondary road
Trunk Roads in Ireland
Road signs in the Republic of Ireland
References
Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2006 – Department of Transport
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Wexford
Shawswick is an unincorporated community in Shawswick Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Shawswick contained a post office from 1891 until 1896. The community took its name from Shawswick Township.
Geography
Shawswick is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Maag is a surname. Notable persons with that name include:
Bruno Maag (born 1962), Swiss type designer
Dan Maag (born 1975), German film producer
Karin Maag (born 1962), German politician
Peter Maag (1919–2001), Swiss conductor
Ron Maag (born 1945), American politician
See also
AnnaSofia Mååg (born 1968), Swedish ice artist
MAAG
The 5th Filmfare Awards were held in 1958.
Mother India won 5 awards, including Best Film, Best Director (for Mehboob Khan) and Best Actress (for Meena Kumari), thus becoming the most-awarded film at the ceremony.
Main Awards
Best Film
Mother India
Best Director
Mehboob Khan - Mother India
Best Actor
Dilip Kumar - Naya Daur
Best Actress
Nargis - Mother India
Best Supporting Actor - Male
Raj Mehra - Sharada
Best Supporting Actor - Female
Shyama - Sharada
Best Music
O. P. Nayyar - Naya Daur
Best Story
Akhtar Mirza - Naya Daur
Technical Awards
Best Art Direction
M. R. Acharekar - Pardesi
Best Cinematography
Faredoon A. Irani - Mother India
Best Sound Recording
R. Kaushik - Mother India
Best Editing
Shivaji Awdhut - Sharada
See also
Filmfare Awards
References
External links
5th Filmfare awards
Filmfare Awards
Filmfare
1958 in Indian cinema
The CMMG Mk47 Mutant is an American-made semi-automatic rifle chambered in 7.62×39mm caliber, made by CMMG Inc. It can accept all types of Kalashnikov pattern magazines, including steel, polymer and drum magazines.
History
The Mk47 was publicly announced for a release in 2014. In 2015, CMMG released its first production Mk47s to stores throughout the US.
According to CMMG Production Manager Tyson Bradshaw, he mentioned that CMMG made the rifle due to the need of "consumers to have a reliable, U.S.-made rifle that could properly handle the dimensions of the 7.62x39 mm cartridge. To do this properly, it required CMMG to build the rifle around the caliber. Using AK magazines was an easy decision to make, because they are known to be some of the most reliable magazines available that work properly with the tapered cartridge".
In SHOT Show 2015, CMMG representatives have suggested the possibility that they can do a variant of the rifle based on the 5.45×39mm caliber.
Design
The Mk47 Mutant has an AR-10-sized bolt carrier, which was enlarged, with a CMMG RKM KeyMod handguard and an upper/lower receiver manufactured from 7075-T6 billet aluminum.
The rifle has an AR-15-based pistol grip, safety selector, trigger group and a buffer tube. It was influenced by the CMMG Mk3 assault rifles. The Mk47 relies on a direct impingement gas system.
For rifles/pistols being marketed to California, they are sold with Vepr 10-round magazines and with the mandated bullet button on the magazine release.
Variants
The following variants are made by CMMG:
CMMG Mk47 K Pistol - Has a 10" medium taper profile barrel with a Magpul MOE pistol grip and a CMMG single stage trigger.
CMMG Mk47 K Short Barrel Rifle - Same specs with the K Pistol, with the addition of a Magpul CTR buttstock.
CMMG Mk47 Mutant AKM - Has a 16.10" medium taper profile barrel with a SV brake and a CMMG single stage trigger with a Magpul MOE pistol grip and CTR buttstock.
CMMG Mk47 Mutant AKM CA - Has a 16" medium taper profile barrel with an SV brake with a CMMG single stage trigger.
CMMG Mk47 Mutant AKM 2 CA - Same specs with the AKM CA, but equipped with a Geissele SS trigger.
CMMG Mk47 Mutant T CA - Has a 16" medium taper profile barrel, CMMG single stage trigger, A4 6-Position Collapsible Stock and an A2 Pistol Grip.
CMMG Mk47 AKS8 - Released in 2016, can be used in a pistol and in a SBR configuration with an 8" medium taper profile barrel and a Krink muzzle device.
CMMG Mk47 AKS13 - Released in 2016, has a 13" medium taper profile barrel and Krink muzzle device.
Reception
The Mk47 underwent several tests in reliability, being manageable to handle, especially with a suppressor. Shooting Illustrated mentioned that the only thing the rifle needs is something to hold the bolt open so that the shooter or someone can see that the weapon is not loaded.
References
External links
Official Page (Shop)
7.62×39mm semi-automatic rifles
ArmaLite AR-10 derivatives
Rifles of the United States
AR-15 style rifles
Wolong District () is a District in the center part of Nanyang, in the southwest of Henan province, People's Republic of China. It possesses a total area of , and has a population of 930,000.
Geography
Within this area, the land level is much higher in the north than in the south.
The Wolong District is part of the Yangtze River Basin.
Administrative divisions
As 2012, this district is divided to 9 subdistricts, 7 towns and 4 townships.
Subdistricts
Towns
Townships
Education
Higher education
Nanyang Institute of Technology()
Nanyang Normal University()
Nanyang Medical College()
Nanyang Vocational College of Agriculture()
Infrastructure
Transport
Railways
Highways and expressways
China National Highway 312
G40 Shanghai–Xi'an Expressway
G55 Erenhot–Guangzhou Expressway
See also
Expressways of Henan
China National Highways
Expressways of China
Henan
Nanyang, Henan
Wancheng District
References
External links
www.wolong.gov.cn
Nanyang, Henan
County-level divisions of Henan
Evelina Afoa (born 13 September 1998) is a Samoan swimmer, who represented Samoa at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She holds several Samoan records in swimming.
Personal life
Afoa was born in 1998 in Wellington, New Zealand. She attended Brisbane State High School.
Swimming career
2013
Afoa represented Samoa at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, competing in the 50m and 100 metre backstroke events.
2014
She competed for Samoa at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, racing in the 50 metre freestyle, the 50m and 100 metre backstroke, and the 50 metre butterfly.
At the 2014 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m), Afoa competed in the 50m freestyle, the 50m and 100m backstroke, and the 50 metre butterfly.
2015
She represented Samoa at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, racing in the 50m and 100 metre backstroke.
2016
Afoa raced at the 2016 Oceania Swimming Championships.
She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics, racing in a heat of the 100 metre backstroke.
References
External links
Olympic swimmers of Samoa
People educated at Brisbane State High School
Samoan female swimmers
1998 births
Swimmers from Wellington City
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Samoa
Swimmers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Female backstroke swimmers
Living people
Curtis Hamilton may refer to:
Curtis Hamilton (actor) (born 1985), American actor
Curtis Hamilton (ice hockey) (born 1991), American-born Canadian ice hockey player
The 56th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1993 Nova Scotia general election, the 55th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 56th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1998 Nova Scotia general election, the 56th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 57th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 34th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Red 76 is a multi-artist collective started in Portland, Oregon. Since 2000 they have produced numerous projects and appeared in The New York Times, Artforum and Modern Painters, and shown at Southern Exposure and Yerba Buena Center for the Arts and in projects by Creative Time.
Themes
Red 76's work centers on the practice of grassroots publishing (both zines small newspapers, and online), conversation, and alternative economies which center on a larger theme of the American Revolution (the 76 in their name references 1776, the year the US independence) and a general revolutionary spirit.
Projects like Ghosttown and Taking Place sought to charge space and create an atmosphere wherein the public may become highly aware of their immediate surroundings, and their day-to-day activities, is an often recurring element within many of the group's activities.
Members
Red 76 is a moniker for collaboratively based projects conceived most frequently by Sam Gould, and fleshed out by a group of like minded artists usually consisting, but not limited to; Khris Soden, Zefrey Throwell, Paige Saez, Dylan Gauthier, Gabriel Mindel Saloman, Katie Bachler, Colin Beattie, Jen Rhoads, Laura Baldwin, and many others. Their projects have taken place in Portland, New York, San Francisco and Prague.
References
External links
Red 76 Home Page
American artists
American artist groups and collectives
Culture of Portland, Oregon
The Montreal Building (Portuguese: Edifício Montreal) is an apartment building in São Paulo, Brazil. It was designed by the architect Oscar Niemeyer (1907–2012) and executed by Carlos Lemos (1925-). The building was designed in 1950, construction began in 1951, and opened in 1954. It was one of several buildings in São Paulo commissioned by the Banco Nacional Imobiliário (National Real Estate Bank) to meet the demand for dense, high-rise residential structures in the center of the city. The building was the first of Niemeyer's large-scale works in São Paulo; it predates the Copan, Triângulo e Califórnia buildings. Basic units in the building sold for ₢$280,000 at the time of its opening.
The Montreal Building sits on a narrow, irregular corner of Ipiranga and Cásper Líbero avenues opposite of Praça Alfredo Lessa. Units in the building range from to , many in a trapezoidal floor plan. Units in the building are small and were meant to attract single occupants or small families. The entrance hall features three large panels of mosaics by Emiliano Di Cavalcanti. The pattern of horizontal fins on the north façade of the building closely resembles that of the Banco do Estado de Minas Gerais, designed in the same period by Niemeyer. The brise soleil facing avenues Ipiranga and Cásper Líbero were removed in a 2004 renovation. Edifício Montreal is a listed building by the Municipal Council for the Preservation of Historical, Cultural and Environmental City of São Paulo (SPHAN).
References
Modernist architecture in Brazil
Oscar Niemeyer buildings
Residential buildings completed in 1954
Skyscrapers in São Paulo
Residential skyscrapers in Brazil
The Miracle of Bali is a BBC series of cultural documentaries narrated by David Attenborough and first shown in 1969. The series comprises three programs about the culture of Bali. The complete series is available as a special feature on the DVD release of David Attenborough's 1975 series The Tribal Eye.
Episodes
Episode 1. The Midday Sun
The first episode is a general introduction to Bali, its people and their varied arts, with the main focus on Peliatan village, its orchestra and dancers. It focuses first on the gamelan orchestra, before turning to the influence that Walter Spies has had on the younger generation of painters. It concludes with the training of new pre-puberty Legong dancers and their first performance.
Episode 2. Night
This episode covers the animistic rituals and festivals of Bali, officially Hindu, but with origins in ancient ceremonials practised long before Hinduism came to the island. It opens with the spirit possession of children, said to be the origin of the Legong dance; it continues with possession by pigs, horses and even pots; and concludes with the all-important Barong ritual. This episode includes historical footage of the 1963 eruption of Mount Agung.
Episode 3. Recital Of Music
This episode is about music and dancing from the Balinese village of Peliatan, the separate items linked by an appropriately illustrative detail from Balinese paintings. It opens with a virtuoso instrumental from the gamelan orchestra; next is a dance choreographed in 1951, The Bee Sips Honey; the 3rd section presents snippets from 4 different ensembles; and it closes with the unforgettable Monkey Dance.
References
Life in the Undergrowth
1960s British documentary television series
1969 British television series debuts
1969 British television series endings
Balinese culture
Documentary films about Indonesia
Television shows set in Indonesia
Be Careful What You Wish For... is the first album by Gabby La La, the multi-instrumentalist on Les Claypool's Prawn Song record label.
The album is written almost like children's music, using themes such as backpacks, elves and pirates. The overall sound seems to pay homage to the sound of an off-key circus calliope. Her range of instruments include a sitar, accordion, toy piano, and ukulele. Les Claypool produces and provides bass, drums and percussion.
Track listing
Personnel
Gabby La La – sitar, ukulele, accordion, guitar, theremin, toy piano, lead vocals
Les Claypool – bass guitar, upright bass, drums, percussion
Production
Les Claypool – producer, arranger, engineer
Stephen Marcussen – mastering
Jesse Rice – project supervisor
Derek Walls – assistant
Jay Blakesberg – photographer
References
2005 debut albums
Gabby La La albums
Prawn Song Records albums
Holy Name of Jesus Parish is a church in Stamford, Connecticut, United States, founded on July 19, 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport. Holy Name of Jesus Church is the second oldest Catholic Church in Stamford.
History
The first building acquired by the parish was the 1852 Duncan Phyfe House, located at 4 Pulaski Street. This fine Italianate house was home to Duncan Phyfe, a noted cabinetmaker. The existing church was built in 1925 to plans supplied by architect Henry F. Ludorf of Hartford, Connecticut. The parochial school, which had been closed, was re-opened by the Bernadine Sisters from Reading, Pennsylvania. Work on Holy Name of Jesus started on April 5, 1925. The same year, on August 23, Bishop Nilan consecrated the cornerstone of the church. On Easter Sunday, 1927 the mass was celebrated in the lower part of the church because the upper church was not completed. The work was slow, but steady. Following the financial crash of 1929, the Rev. Wladasz continued work on the church. On December 25, 1934 the first mass was celebrated in the completed upper portion of the church.
The parochial school, located just west of the church, was built in 1929, and the convent, on the other side of the church, was added in 1956. The entire complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Pastors
Rev. Fr. Zdislaw Luczycki (1903 to 1906)
Rev. Fr. Ignacy Krusinski (1906 to 1910)
Rev. Fr. Jozef Raniszewski (1910 to 1917)
Rev. Fr. Ludwik Rusin (1917 to 1922)
Rt. Rev. Msgr. Francis Wladasz (1922 to 1959)
Rev. Fr. Felix Werpechowski (1959 to 1971)
Rt. Rev. Msgr. Alphonse Fiedorczyk (1971 to 1985)
Rev. Fr. Stanley Koziol (1985 to 1987)
Rev. Fr. Sherman Gray (1987 to 2003)
Rev. Fr. Stanislaw Stanieszewski C.M. (2003 to 2008)
Rev. Fr. Eugene Kotlinski C.M. (2008 to 2012)
Rev. Fr. Pawel M. Hrebenko (2012–Present)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stamford, Connecticut
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Holy Name of Jesus - Official Website
Holy Name of Jesus - Diocesan Information
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Bridgeport
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1925
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Roman Catholic churches in Stamford, Connecticut
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Italianate architecture in Connecticut
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Fairfield County, Connecticut
1852 establishments in Connecticut
Italianate church buildings in the United States
The Giorgio Cini Foundation (Italian: Fondazione Giorgio Cini), or just Cini Foundation, is a cultural foundation founded 20 April 1951 in memory of Giorgio Cini, an Italian entrepreneur who died in August 1949.
History
The Foundation is located in the former San Giorgio Monastery on the island of San Giorgio Maggiore, Venice. The foundation was established by Vittorio Cini in memory of his son, Giorgio Cini, who died in an airplane accident near Cannes in 1949.
Vittorio Cini had a long relationship with the Italian Fascist party, joining in 1926, and had occupied influential positions within government and industry throughout the decades of Benito Mussolini's rule. In early 1943 he was named to the Ministry of Communication, but soon resigned, publicly castigating the obvious dire state of the national situation. He joined the plotting against Mussolini, and with the Nazi occupation of Northern Italy, he was arrested by the SS and sent to the Dachau concentration camp. Transferred to a hospital, his son Giorgio was able to get him released by bribing officials with diamonds and jewelry. Giorgio would also lobby successfully against the elder Cini's legal exclusion from political activities, arguing that his final break with Mussolini mitigated his long years of collaboration.
Purpose and collections
Part of the original purpose of the Foundation was to rebuild the convent that had been destroyed by Napoleon and later used by the Austrian Army, then the Italian Army, and rehabilitate the island within the context of the cultural history of Venice. It now houses a historical library of about 15,000 volumes, an archive of manuscripts, and a collection concerning documents about history, music, theater and art. It is also a venue for exhibitions, concerts and meetings. As such it was a meeting place for the G7 meetings in 1980 and 1987.
The Foundation possess manuscripts and letters of famous persons of the theatrical and literary life of Italy at the turn of the nineteenth and twentieth century, including Arrigo Boito, Eleonora Duse, Gabriele D'Annunzio, Giovanni Pascoli, Gian Francesco Malipiero, and Diego Valeri (poet). The Malipiero collection includes the library of the composer as well as scores, correspondence and many musical autographs. The Foundation also retains most of the music by Nino Rota, including a collection of sketches.
The Foundation also is home to the School of San Giorgio for the Study of Venetian Civilisation, an academic center to examine the contributions of the Republic of Venice to civilization.
La Foresteria
The Foresteria are the exclusive guest quarters that were built for Cini's friends and have been reserved for important guests who attend meetings at the Cini Foundation. Filled with valuable art and presenting across the water a view of St. Mark's Square and the Doge's Palace, the place has been visited by heads of state including Jimmy Carter, Margaret Thatcher, Ronald Reagan, François Mitterrand, Romano Prodi, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, and King Juan Carlos I of Spain.
References
Sources
The initial English version of this article is based on the corresponding Italian version in Wikipedia from February 11, 2009
External links
Official site
Museums in Venice
Culture in Venice
Foundations based in Italy
Dueling scars () have been seen as a "badge of honour" since as early as 1825. Known variously as " scars", "the bragging scar", "smite", "" or "", dueling scars were popular amongst upper-class Austrians and Germans involved in academic fencing at the start of the 20th century. Being a practice amongst University students, it was seen as a mark of their class and honour, due to the status of dueling societies at German and Austrian universities at the time, and is an early example of scarification in European society. The practice of dueling and the associated scars was also present to some extent in the German military.
Foreign tourists visiting Germany in the late 19th century were shocked to see the students, generally with their , at major German universities such as Heidelberg, Bonn, or Jena with facial scars – some older, some more recent, and some still wrapped in bandages.
The sport of academic fencing at the time was very different from modern fencing using specially developed swords. The so-called (or simply , 'hitter') existed in two versions. The most common weapon is the with a basket-type guard. In some universities in the eastern part of Germany, the so-called is in use which is equipped with a bell-shaped guard. The individual duels between students, known as , were somewhat ritualised. In some cases, protective clothing was worn, including padding on the arm and an eye guard.
The culture of dueling scars was mainly common in Germany and Austria, to a lesser extent some Central European countries and briefly at places such as Oxford, and some other elite universities. German military laws permitted men to wage duels of honor until World War I. During the Third Reich the was prohibited at all Universities following the party line.
Within the duel, it was seen as ideal and a way of showing courage to be able to stand and take the blow, as opposed to inflicting the wound. It was important to show one's dueling prowess, but also that one was capable of taking the wound that was inflicted.
Social significance
As the scars were gained in this particular elite social context, associated with status and an academic institution, the scars showed that one had courage and also was "good husband material". The dueling scars, while obvious, were not so serious as to leave a person disfigured or bereft of facial features. The scars were even judged by Otto von Bismarck to be a sign of bravery, and men's courage could be judged "by the number of scars on their cheeks".
Minority groups in Germany also indulged in the practice, some seeing it as an aid in their social situation. In 1874, William Osler, then a medical student on a visit to Berlin, described "one hopeful young Spanish American of my acquaintance who has one half of his face – they are usually on the left half – laid out in the most irregular manner, the cicatrices running in all directions, enclosing areas of all shapes, the relics of fourteen duels."
Nature of the scars
Because Mensur swords are wielded with one hand and most fencers are right-handed, Mensur scars were usually targeted to the left profile, so the right profile appeared untouched. Experienced fencers, who had fought many bouts, often accumulated an array of scars. A duelist who died in 1877 "fought no less than thirteen duels but had 137 scars on the head, face and neck".
The wounds were generally not that serious, "wounds causing, as a rule, but temporary inconvenience and leaving in their traces a perpetual witness of a fight well fought. The hurts, save when inflicted in the nose, lip, or ear, are not even necessarily painful, and unless the injured man indulges too freely in drink, causing them to swell and get red, very bad scars can be avoided. The swords used are so razor-like that they cut without bruising so that the lips of the wounds can be closely pressed, leaving no great disfigurement, such, for example, as is brought about by the loss of an ear."
Sometimes, students who did not fence would scar themselves with razors in imitation, and some would pull apart their healing cuts to exacerbate the scars, although this was generally frowned upon. Others paid doctors to slice their cheeks. The number and extremity of scars was reduced in more recent times and virtually does not exist anymore in modern Germany, and the custom of obtaining dueling scars started to die off after the Second World War.
Modern day
Roughly 300 fencing fraternities () still exist today and most of them are grouped into umbrella organizations such as the Corps, or the (DB) in the Federal Republic of Germany, Austria, Switzerland and several other European nations. Their traditions still include academic fencing and dueling scars. However duel scars do not exist anymore in modern German fraternities.
Notable persons
Caesar Rudolf Boettger
Curt Silberman
Ernst Kaltenbrunner
Ernst Röhm
Heinz Reinefarth
Kurt H. Debus
Otto Skorzeny
Rudolf Diels
Karl Eberhard Schöngarth
References
Further reading
Lisa Fetheringill Zwicker. Dueling Students: Conflict, Masculinity, and Politics in German Universities. University of Michigan Press.
Fencing
Historical fencing
Student societies in Germany
Body modification
Polysacos is an extinct genus of multiplacophorans (chitons) known from articulated Carboniferous fossils; its seventeen shell plates are arranged in three rows, with seven iterated units. It demonstrates that multiplacophora are related to modern polyplacophora. It was fringed with a ring of hollow spines resembling those of the Ordovician Echinochiton.
References
Prehistoric chiton genera
Deal railway station serves Deal in Kent, England. The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern. The station is on the Kent coastline north east of Dover Priory and south east of London Charing Cross.
History
Early Years
Deal was originally the terminus of a South Eastern Railway branch line from Minster Junction through Sandwich and opened on 1 July 1847. This meant the original services to London ran via Canterbury, Ashford, Tonbridge, Redhill and Croydon to London Bridge. Charles Dickens attended the celebrations that accompanied the opening of the line. The link south to Dover was delayed by commercial rivalry between the two Kent railway companies, the South Eastern Railway and the London, Chatham & Dover Railway. However, the companies finally agreed to build the line jointly and it opened on 15 June 1881.
The original single platform with its 2-storey 1847 building became the new 'up' platform. This line now continued south under a new flyover carrying London Road and necessitated demolition of the middle houses in Sunnyside Terrace. The siding next to this was extended to become a through siding. Finally, a new 'down' platform was built to the west with buildings similar to those at Walmer. The existence of this middle siding explains the gap between the current tracks. The footbridge, which originally had a roof, also dates to 1881.
Mileage on the line is measured from via and ; on this basis, Deal is from Charing Cross. Hence the milepost on the 'up' platform at Deal says 90¾ (via Canterbury) but Deal is actually only 86¾ miles from Charing Cross (via Dover).
Deal used to have extensive coal yards (bordered by St Patrick's Road), goods yards (now Sainsbury's) and a locomotive shed and turntable (now Bridgeside). The locomotive shed was shut in 1930. Albert Terrace was built in the 1860s for railway employees in a line with Lower Queen Street before the railway was extended to Dover. Hence the London Road flyover was built with a 'kink' around them. The station-master's house received a direct hit during World War 2 (although a garden wall still exists), as did the goods shed. The substantial buildings on the 'down' platform were demolished about 1970 and replaced with small CLASP-style buildings. These have since been replaced with a small modern shelter, as shown in the photograph on the right.
Signalling
Deal retains its semaphore signals at the station and at Victoria Park.
The signal box moved from the platform to the Western Road level crossing in 1939. It is a good example of a Southern Railway odeon/art deco ‘glasshouse' signal box (a Type 13). One siding remains, occasionally used for infrastructure trains.
Former services
During the 19th and early 20th centuries Deal enjoyed a higher status than now as a resort and, with extensive Royal Marine barracks, was a terminating/originating point for a number of trains travelling routes that seem unusual nowadays. Trains to/from London could run either north or south. For example, there were direct trains to Reading via Redhill, and a daily service to Birkenhead began in 1903 and continued for many years, surviving as a daily through train to Wolverhampton until 1962. There was also a daily train to Manchester before WW1 and regular daily trains to Victoria until the 1960s. From 1948 to 1962, the peak 16:56 service from Cannon Street that divided at Ashford was unusual in having both portions call at Deal. The portion via Dover called at Deal at 19:16, to Ramsgate. The portion via Canterbury called 3 minutes later, to Dover.
Electrification
Services through Deal were electrified using the 3rd rail system at 750 volts DC as Phase 2 of British Rail's Kent Coast Electrification Scheme. Some electric trains began running in 1961, with the full service beginning with the Summer timetable on 18 June 1962. There were 2 trains per hour (tph) off-peak, mostly from Charing Cross to Ramsgate, until May 1982, when the service was reduced to 1 tph off-peak (2 tph in the peaks).
Services
All services at Deal are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by a number of services between Ramsgate and London Charing Cross via .
TV
Deal and its station featured in an episode of the BBC TV Great British Railway Journeys, Series 2, that aired on BBC2 on 27 January 2011. Presenter Michael Portillo travelled from Ramsgate to Folkestone and spent the night at Deal's historic Royal Hotel. He explored local attractions including Walmer Castle and the Timeball Tower.
Current facilities and access
Deal station has a ticket office, waiting room and café.
The station building also incorporates toilets (including disabled access and baby-changing facilities), staff facilities, photo machine and snack machines. There is a help-point and automatic ticket machine on the platform.
References
External links
Deal, Kent
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1847
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1847 establishments in England
The Northern Indiana Valley Conference was an Indiana High School Athletic Association sanctioned conference in the South Bend/Mishawaka metropolitan area. The conference began as the St. Joseph County Conference in 1932, made up of county schools and South Bend schools not in the Northern Indiana Conference. Smaller county schools consolidated and moved to different conferences with schools of similar size, and by 1966 the county league was down to four members. The league decided to take in the two county Catholic schools, Marian and St. Joseph the next year, and rebranded as the Northern Indiana Valley Conference. The league took a hard hit beginning in 1974. Clay became an Independent (until 1978). Penn was accepted into the Northern Indiana Athletic Conference, South Bend Jackson announced its closure after the school year, and the league stopped sponsoring football. South Bend LaSalle were invited to replace LaPorte in the Northern Indiana Athletic Conference in 1976, although like Penn, they played in both leagues where schedules permitted. However, when Clay joined the Northern Indiana Athletic Conference in 1978, the schools broke off their relationship with the Catholic schools. Marian and St. Joseph continued on as independents for the next 27 years. With LaSalle closing in 2002, the Northern Indiana Athletic Conference discussed expanding beyond its seven schools, and took on both of the Catholic schools in 2005, so they absorbed every school in the Northern Indiana Valley Conference.
Membership
''All schools located in St. Joseph County.
Was Washington-Clay until 1963
Concurrent in Northern Indiana Valley Conference and Northern Indiana Athletic Conference, 1974–78.
Concurrent in Northern Indiana Valley Conference and Northern Indiana Athletic Conference, 1976–78.
Conference Champions (Football)
1967 - Mishawaka Marian (5-0)
1968 - South Bend St. Joseph's (4-1)
1969 - Mishawaka Marian (5-0)
1970 - Mishawaka Marian (5-0)
1971 - Mishawaka Marian (5-0)
1972 - South Bend St. Joseph's (5-0)
1973 - South Bend St. Joseph's (5-0)
Related links
Northern Indiana Football History
Indiana High School Athletic Association
List of high school athletic conferences in Indiana
Indiana big school football champions
Indiana high school athletic conferences
Indiana High School Athletic Association disestablished conferences
Akhmedkent (; Kaitag: Ахӏмадла шши; Dargwa: ГIяхIмалаша) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Akhmedkentsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,023 as of 2010. There are 28 streets.
Geography
Akhmedkent is located 2 km west of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Madzhalis and Sanchi are the nearest rural localities.
History
Whilst travelling in the Caucasus, German explorer Samuel Gottlieb Gmelin was taken hostage by Usmey Khan of Khaïtakes and died of ill treatment in captivity in Akhmedkent.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
Famous residents
Gadzhimagomed Kambulatov (Hero of Socialist Labor)
Galiz Chupanov (Hero of Socialist Labor)
Samuel Gottlieb Gmelin (1745–1774), German physician and botanist
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
The 891st Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron (Serbo-Croatian: ) was an aviation squadron of the Yugoslav Air Force formed in 1952 at Skoplje airfield as Liaison Squadron of 3rd Military district (Serbo-Croatian: ).
History
The squadron was formed by order from December 17, 1951, on February 1, 1952, as part of the 3rd Military district. It was equipped with various training and liaison aircraft. The squadron was transformed into Liaison Squadron of 3rd Air Command (Serbo-Croatian: ) by 1959.
After April 1961 and the reorganization of the Air Force, a new type of designation system began to be used to identify squadrons, so the Liaison Squadron of 3rd Air Command became the 891st Liaison Aviation Squadron.
It was equipped with domestic liaison Ikarus Kurir aircraft. In May 1961 it was reattached to the 81st Support Aviation Regiment. With the 81st Regiment being disbanded in 1964, the squadron was reattached to the 1st Aviation Corp and later to the 198th Regiment for a short time in 1965. The squadron was part of the 107th Support Aviation Regiment from 1965 until it was disbanded by order as of June 8. Its numeration has remained in reserve.
By order from January 9, 1980, the 891st Helicopter Flight (Serbo-Croatian: ) was established at Skopski Petrovac military airfield with the 3rd Army of the Yugoslav People's Army for reconnaissance and liaison duties equipped with domestic-made SOKO SA 341 Gazelle helicopters. By order from March 1, 1985, it was designated as the 891st Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron. Due to the 1988 reorganization of the field armies of the Yugoslav People's Army, the 891st Squadron was strengthened for two flights, one at Niš airport (former 893rd Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron), and one at Golubovci Air Base (former 898th Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron).
The 891st Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron was disbanded in 1992 after the withdrawal of the Yugoslav People's Army from Republic of Macedonia.
Assignments
3rd Military district (1952–1959)
3rd Air Command (1959–1961)
81st Support Aviation Regiment (1961-1964)
1st Aviation Corps (1964-1965)
198th Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment (1965)
107th Support Aviation Regiment (1965-1968)
3rd Army (1980-1992)
Previous designations
Liaison Squadron of 3rd Military district (1952–1959)
Liaison Squadron of 3rd Air Command (1959–1961)
891st Liaison Aviation Squadron (1961-1965)
891st Helicopter Flight (1980-1985)
891st Helicopter Reconnaissance and Liaison Squadron (1985-1988)
Equipment
Polikarpov Po-2 (1952-1959)
Fieseler Fi 156 (1952-1958)
Utva 212 (1952-1959)
Ikarus Aero 2 (1952-1959)
Utva Aero-3 (1959-1961)
Ikarus Kurir (1955-1968)
Soko SA.341 Gazelle Hera (1980–1988)
References
Yugoslav Air Force squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1952
Jeffery (originally titled No, My Name is Jeffery) is the fourth commercial mixtape by American rapper Young Thug. It was released for retail purchase on August 26, 2016, by 300 Entertainment and Atlantic Records. The mixtape features guest appearances from Travis Scott, Gucci Mane, Gunna, Migos members Quavo and Offset, and Wyclef Jean. It also features production from TM88 and Wheezy.
Jeffery charted at number eight on the US Billboard 200, and received widespread acclaim from critics. Its artwork, which features Young Thug in a dress, went viral. The mixtape was named among the best releases of 2016 by several publications, including Pitchfork, Fact, Complex, and Rolling Stone.
Background
Jeffery was announced on July 9, 2016, via Young Thug's Instagram, along with previews of new music. It was initially slated for release on August 16, coinciding with Young Thug's birthday, but was pushed back. The mixtape was accompanied by his decision to abandon the stage name Young Thug in favor of the new moniker No, My Name is Jeffery, or simply his birth name Jeffery. The change of stage name was announced by his manager Lyor Cohen in the preparation for the mixtape's release. According to Young Thug, "Jeffery is all about Jeffery. It ain't even about Young Thug. Ain't no Young Thug songs on there. The mixtape is a straight crossover". On Beats 1, he clarified that the name change was only for one week, unless the mixtape sold 100,000 copies.
With the exception of "Pick Up the Phone", each track was named after one of Young Thug's idols, including Gucci Mane ("Guwop"), Wyclef Jean ("Wyclef Jean"), Rihanna ("RiRi"), Future ("Future Swag"), Harambe, the gorilla killed at the Cincinnati Zoo in May 2016, and Kanye West ("Kanye West").
Artwork
The project artwork features Young Thug in an androgynous dress designed by Italian designer Alessandro Trincone, and was photographed by Garfield Lamond. The artwork went viral and prompted a wide range of responses on social media.
Release and promotion
The song "Kanye West" (originally titled "Elton" and then later "Pop Man") featuring Wyclef Jean, was released on August 19, 2016. The mixtape release was then preceded by a short album trailer released on August 23, which depicted Young Thug being interrogated about his name by the authorities.
The mixtape's lead single, "Pick Up the Phone" featuring American rappers Travis Scott and Quavo, was released on June 3, 2016, the song peaked at number 43 on the US Billboard Hot 100. "Wyclef Jean" was sent to urban contemporary radio on January 24, 2017, as the mixtape's second single, it peaked at number 87 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Critical reception
Jeffery was met with widespread critical acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the mixtape received an average score of 82, based on 11 reviews. Aggregator AnyDecentMusic? gave it 7.4 out of 10, based on their assessment of the critical consensus.
AllMusic's Neil Z. Yeung called the mixtape "thrilling and essential, one of the best rap releases of 2016", writing that "there's enough freshness here to make it his most exciting and mainstream release to date". Daniel Bromfield from Pretty Much Amazing described it as "a more satisfying major-label rap album than most mixtape-bred rappers ever make", asserting that "despite being more extreme in many ways than his prior work, Jeffery is his poppiest tape since 2014's Tha Tour with Rich Gang". PopMatters critic Brian Duricy stated that "as a collection of songs, it's his most realized set to date". Rolling Stones Jody Rosen stated that "it's Thug's own sound that predominates: the heroic howls, rasps, mumbles and wheezes of a man who is as captivating a vocalist as any in pop".
For MTV News, Meaghan Garvey wrote that "Jeffery, like ATLiens 20 years prior, has that unqualifiable, absolute feeling of arrival", describing it as "irrepressible, bursting with uncannily memorable one-liners and dynamic experiments in flow and cadence over beats that, attached to a more easily marketable rapper, could be obvious radio hits". Pitchforks Sheldon Pearce described it as "rangy and stunning, an exciting new curve in the fascinating Young Thug arc", stating that "Thug understands the modern pop song construction better than anyone: anything and everything can be a hook". Robert Christgau wrote in Vice that Young Thug "makes black comedy out of irrepressible sound", stating that "his hoohoos and melismas and blahs and mwas and frogcroaks and put-puts are the message". In a less enthusiastic review, Lanre Bakare of The Guardian described it as "a mixtape that features gems among run-of-the-mill trap fodder" while praising the single "Pick Up the Phone" as "an example of all the things Young Thug excels at coming together on one track".
Year-end lists
Commercial performance
Jeffery debuted at number eight on the US Billboard 200 and number five on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, with 37,000 album-equivalent units and sold 18,000 copies in its first week. This is Thug's third debut in the top 40 and his second in the top 10.
Track listing
Notes
"Kanye West" was formerly known as "Pop Man"
Personnel
Credits adapted from the mixtape's liner notes and Tidal.
Musicians
Young Thug – vocals (all tracks), programming (2)
TM88 – programming (1, 2, 4, 6)
Supah Mario – programming (1)
Billboard Hitmakers – programming (2, 5, 7, 8)
Goose – programming (2)
Wheezy – programming (2, 3, 6, 9)
Cassius Jay – programming (6, 9)
Technical
Young Thug – executive producer
Joe LaPorta – mastering engineer
Alexander Tumay – mixing engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Footnotes
Citations
Young Thug albums
2016 mixtape albums
Albums produced by TM88
One Time Bells is the first studio album by the pop rock band French Kicks. It was released in 2002.
Track listing
All songs written by French Kicks (Jamie Krents, Nick Stumpf, Matthew Stinchcomb, Josh Wise) unless otherwise noted.
"Wrong Side" (Stumpf) – 3:28
"When You Heard You" (Stumpf, Wise) – 2:33
"Down Now" (Stumpf, Wise) – 4:01
"Crying Just for Show" – 3:32
"Close to Modern" (Stumpf) – 2:51
"1985" (?) – 3:51
"Right in Time" – 3:50
"Trying Whining" (Stumpf) – 2:59
"One Time Bells" (Stinchcomb, Stumpf) – 4:50
"Where We Went Off" (Stumpf, Wise) – 3:05
"Sunday Night Is Fair" – 3:43
Japanese Version
The Japanese and European versions of One Time Bells have a re-arranged track listing, extra tracks and different cover art.
"When You Heard You"
"Wrong Side" (Alt. Version)
"Crying Just for Show"
"Down Now"
"Close to Modern"
"Right in Time"
"Trying Whining"
"One Time Bells"
"Where We Went Off"
"Sunday Night Is Fair"
"Piano"
"1985"
"Was It a Crime" (Demo Version)
European Version
"When You Heard You"
"Wrong Side" (Alt. Version)
"Crying Just for Show"
"Down Now"
"Close to Modern"
"Right in Time"
"Trying Whining"
"One Time Bells"
"Where We Went Off"
"Sunday Night Is Fair"
"Piano"
French Kicks albums
2002 debut albums
Startime International albums
Purba Paschim () is a Bengali theatre group of Kolkata, West Bengal, India. The group was founded in 2005 and has staged several plays like Babli, Ashalin etc. The famous productions of the group are "Patalbabu Filmstar" based on Satyajit Roy's story and " Antony Soudamini" Directed By Soumitra Mitra, Tagores Play Chaturanga Directed By Bratya Basu acted by Kushal Chakraborty, Chaity Ghoshal, Debdut Ghosh, Soumitra Mitra. Notable people like Biswajit Chakraborty, Gargi roychoudhry, Shaantilal Mukherjee, Chaity Ghosal, Debdut Ghosh, Kanchana Moitro, Subhrajeet Dutta, Kushal Chakraborty, Film Actor Rahul acted in this Group. In the Festivals of this Group We have seen, Amman Ali Khan, Ayaan Ali Khan, Sharmila Tagore, Soumitra Chatterjee, Mohan Aghase, Gulzar, Shabana Azmi, Amol Palekar, Nandita Das and Many Others.
History
Purba Paschim was launched in the year 2005. The first play they staged was Babli directed by Bratya Basu. Soumitra Mitra is the Director of the Group. The group organizes a theatre workshop every year. Many Directors have worked in various productions of the group like Bibash Chakraborty, Arun Mukhopadhayay, Ramaprasad Banik, Debesh Chattopadhyay,Goutam Halder,etc.
Productions
(in alphabetical order)
Ashalin
Akkel Gurum
Antony Soudamini
Babli (2005)
Chaturanga
Bhalomanush
Hasuli Banker Upokotha (2015)
Patalbabu Filmstar
Raktakarabi
Ek Mancha Ek Jibon
References
External links
Theatre companies in India
Bengali theatre groups
Kendra Santacruz (born July 24, 1989, in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico), is a Mexican television actress.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Mexican actresses
1989 births
Mexican telenovela actresses
21st-century Mexican actresses
Actresses from Morelos
People from Cuernavaca
Maria Tescanu Rosetti (1879–1968), was a Romanian aristocrat and royal court official.
Life
Born in Berești-Tazlău, Bacău County, she was a descendant of some illustrious Moldavian boyar families. Her father Dumitru was descended from the Rosetti family, and from her mother, Alice Rosetti-Tescanus, from the Negri-Jora, and both were well-known intellectuals. Dumitru was a philosopher, sociologist, publicist, translator of Vasile Conta's work into French, and her mother, known to have collected "one of the most valuable libraries of the time" was a pianist connoisseur of universal music and literature.
She spent her childhood and adolescence in Tescani and was schooled at home by governesses, who helped Maria acquire "a vast culture through reading, correspondence and travel."
She was a lady-in-waiting to queen Marie of Romania. At the age of 19, she married Mihail G. Cantacuzino, her first husband and they became parents to the aviator Constantin Cantacuzino. Later she was a lover of Nae Ionescu and later married to composer George Enescu.
She moved in Romania's highest aristocratic circles and befriended by Matila Ghyka, Jean Chryssoveloni, Martha Bibescu, Cella Delavrancea, Nae Ionescu and Alice Voinescu.
During World War I, she was a central figure in a scandal at an Iași hospital, where she was among those who had forced wounded soldiers to perform for her and her guests during banquets.
In February 1918, she was one of a group of female aristocrats who, supported by the queen, participated in a demonstration against the war policy of Prime Minister General Alexandru Averescu.
She died in Geneva at age 90 in 1968, and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris, next to the remains of her second husband George Enescu.
Work
Maria published her memoirs, written in French (Ombres et lumière. Souvenirs d´une Princesse Moldave/ Shadows and lights. Memories of a Moldavian princess), where she described the evolution of Romanian society from 1850 to 1953.
References
1879 births
1968 deaths
People from Bacău County
Ladies-in-waiting
20th-century Romanian women
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
Andre Townsend (born October 8, 1962) is a former defensive end who played 7 seasons for the Denver Broncos in the National Football League. He started in Super Bowl XXI and Super Bowl XXII.
Townsend starred at the University of Mississippi after a standout high school career for the Aberdeen, Mississippi High School Bulldogs.
1962 births
Living people
American football defensive ends
Ole Miss Rebels football players
Denver Broncos players
African-American players of American football
Players of American football from Chicago
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Naciye Suman (23 April 1881 – 23 July 1973), known through her career as Madame Naciye or Naciye Hanım, was the first Turkish Muslim professional woman photographer. When Turkish titles were abolished in favor of fixed hereditary surnames, she chose the surname Suman. After learning photography in Austria, she opened a studio in her home in 1919. Her clients were mostly women and she took portraits and bridal pictures. Later, she taught photography classes at the sultan's palace.
Early life
Naciye was born on 23 April 1881 in Üsküp, Ottoman Empire, in what is now part of Macedonia to Major Salih Bey. She was styled for a portion of her life with the title Hanım (meaning "lady" or "madame"). In 1903, she married a captain Ýsmail Hakký Bey (aka İsmail Hakkı Bey). She had three children: Nusret Suman, who would become a sculptor; and two daughters Fikret and Nedret. As a result of the forced migration during the Balkan Wars of 1912–1913, the family was forced to migrate to Anatolia. During the migration, Suman lost her fourth child near the Hungarian border. Though the family made it to Istanbul, a trusted friend helped them escape the conflict relocating them to Vienna. Photography at that time was a novelty, and Suman studied to learn the skill. The following year, 1914, her husband was called back to Turkey and the family, which included Suman, her husband, three children, his mother, a grandmother and three servants, were moved into the Saitpaşa Mansion in Yıldız in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul. She brought her camera equipment with her and set up a small studio in the laundry area of the rooftop.
Career
During World War I, Suman's husband was deployed to the front, and she was left at home to care for the household. The war was followed by the Turkish War of Independence and times were difficult. In 1919 when she had to sell the family silver to provide for the family, she decided on another solution. Suman hung a sign on the front of the mansion which said simply "Türk Hanımlar Fotoğrafhanesi-Naciye" (Turkish woman photographer-Naciye") and began working as the first professional Muslim woman photographer in Turkey. During this period, women were veiled and did not work, especially those who were daughters of a pasha, and yet from the first day, she had clients. Many women, who had men fighting at the front wanted photographs to enclose in letters. In 1921, she gave up the mansion and moved to a small apartment, moving her studio to a separate location. The business was featured that same year in Kadınlar Dünyası (Women's World), the leading women's magazine of the era. Besides taking wedding pictures, she also lectured at the Sultan Reşad's palace on photography. When the war ended, Suman left her husband and continued her photography business until 1930. That year, when her daughter had a baby, Suman closed the shop and moved to Ankara. In 1934, when the Turkish regime passed the Surname Law, allowing citizens to adopt hereditary surnames rather than using titles, Naciye took "Suman" as a last name.
Suman died on 23 July 1973 in Ankara, Turkey. It was believed that her photographs were lost, but collector and writer, Gülderen Bölük, has been able to document postcards with the studio stamp and preserve six of them.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1881 births
1973 deaths
Artists from Skopje
Turkish women photographers
Photographers from Istanbul
Portrait photographers
Der kleine Häwelmann (The little Havelman) is a German fairy tale written by Theodor Storm in 1849. In 1956, an eponymous film based on the fairy tale was released. Häwelmann is Low German and refers to a small child who demands excessive attention.
Literature
Theodor Storm (text); Yann Wehrling (illustration): Der kleine Häwelmann. Elatus Verlag, Kaltenkirchen 1996, .
Theodor Storm (text); Else Wenz-Viëtor (illustration): Der kleine Häwelmann. Lappan Verlag, Oldenburg 2004, .
Monika Osberghaus: Schau mal! 50 beste Bilderbücher. dtv, München 2006, .
External links
Der kleine Häwelmann on Zeno.org (German)
Der kleine Häwelmann on Wikisource (German)
German fairy tales
1849 short stories
To Sail, to Sail is a studio album of acoustic guitar solos by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It is Frith's first album of acoustic guitar solos and crosses musical borders with 16 tracks of classical, blues, folk and free improvisation. Frith dedicates each track to some of the important figures in his musical life, including Champion Jack Dupree, John Cage, Terry Riley, Daevid Allen, Barre Phillips and Davey Graham. The album was released on Tzadik Records' Key Series in 2008.
Reception
In a review for AllMusic, Charity Stafford called the album "a quiet, moving masterpiece," and wrote: "To Sail, to Sail is a beautiful, reflective album that creates a sense of wistfulness and nostalgia. Frith has never sounded so lyrical before, although the spiky, cerebral aspect of his music remains undimmed."
Marc Medwin, writing for All About Jazz, commented: "To Sail, To Sail... is a study in contrast, space and unpretentious virtuosity... Continuing in the tradition of Guitar Improvisations and Clearing, Frith has fashioned a radical series of sonic excursions whose recorded sound is as beautiful and as subtle as the playing."
In an article for Something Else Reviews, Mark Saleski stated: "What's really cool about releases like this is the new set of possibilities that is presented. I mean, I don't know who Camel Zekri or Robbie Basho are but if they're big in Frith's mind, it would be silly to not check them out."
Track listing
All tracks written by Fred Frith.
"Because Your Mama Wants You Home" – 2:39
"Weather Gauge" – 4:23
"Reconstructed" – 4:07
"Life on Venus" – 4:29
"Mondays" – 2:05
"Life-Enhancing Interior" – 4:00
"First Light" – 4:45
"Scratch Orchestra" – 4:16
"The Wrong Door" – 5:05
"Circuit Breakers and Fuses" – 5:05
"The Slightest Shiver" – 2:32
"Sheep's Head, 1963" – 5:40
"Life by Another Name" – 3:38
"Dog Watch" – 6:16
"Hopscotch Horizon" – 3:19
"King Dawn" – 3:04
Personnel
Fred Frith – Taylor 810 Model steel-string acoustic guitar
References
External links
To Sail, To Sail on Tzadik Records.
.
2008 albums
Fred Frith albums
Tzadik Records albums
Albums produced by Fred Frith
